New York  CNN  -- About a half-dozen bikers accused of beating an SUV driver last weekend used their helmets to attack him and kicked his head and body as he lay on the ground , New York police said . Police said one of the bikers -- Robert Sims -- also stomped on the driver 's head and body , according to a detective 's criminal complaint . Sims was one of two bikers who turned himself in to authorities on Friday . He has been charged with attempted assault , gang assault and criminal possession of a weapon . According to police , Sims can be seen in a video going after the SUV . The driver of the SUV suffered two black eyes and cuts on his face and side , requiring stitches , the criminal complaint said . One of the bikers , Edwin Mieses , was critically injured in the melee . His wife said he is paralyzed . The other biker who turned himself in , Reginald Chance , is also suspected in the beating of driver Alexian Lien . Police identified the 37-year-old Chance as the man seen in the video pounding his shiny helmet against the SUV . Chance appeared for arraignment Sunday and was charged with first-degree assault and gang assault , both felonies ; unlawful imprisonment ; criminal possession of a weapon and criminal mischief , according to court papers . His bail was set at $ 75,000 cash or $ 100,000 if secured by property , and his next court appearance was set for October 11 . Chance 's lawyer , Gregory Watts , said his client did n't take part in the beating . He said Chance and Mieses are also victims in the case , and he urged prosecutors to call a grand jury to investigate Lien . "  We concede the criminal mischief , " Watts said . "  It 's obvious that he overreacted . But the law does permit someone who is a victim of an accident to at least attempt to get the identification of the motorist . My client obviously overreacted in that manner , but he is not this thug assaulting someone who 's harmless , contrary to the public opinion that 's being put out there . " Source : Off-duty police officer among bikers who saw SUV driver beaten The clash Lien was in his Range Rover on his way back from an outing to celebrate his wedding anniversary with his wife and their 2-year-old daughter . Dozens of bikers swarmed past him on Manhattan 's West Side Highway . A cycle quickly slowed down in front of Lien , who bumped its rear tire , slightly injuring rider Christopher Cruz . Lien pulled to a stop , and angry bikers surrounded his vehicle , hitting it and spiking its tires , police said . Lien stepped on the gas , plowing into three more bikers , including Mieses , who was critically injured . One of the bikers , wearing a helmet camera caught the dust-up on video , which later in an edited version appeared on the Internet . It showed the Range Rover stopping at a later point with the biker gang still in pursuit . A man , who police say was Sims , got off his motorcycle and opened Lien 's door , police spokesman Sgt. Carlos Nieves said Friday . Lien drove off with his door slightly open , but further down the road , traffic backed up , cutting off his path , and allowing the motorcyclists to corner him . A biker , who police identify as Chance , smashed the driver 's side window with his helmet . That 's where the video ended . Afterward , some of the bikers dragged Lien from the vehicle and beat him , police said . His wife and daughter were unharmed . Cop among the bikers An off-duty New York police officer was riding with the bikers Sunday and saw much of the confrontation that ended with five injured . But he did n't step in , an official said . He also did n't tell his superiors about what happened until Wednesday , the source said . The officer , who works undercover , is a member of the motorcycle club . He may not have been legally obligated to immediately intervene , according to the same source . It 's not clear why he waited so long to report what he saw . He has hired a lawyer and is being investigated by the New York Police Department 's internal affairs unit . Opinion : In attack , can bikers get a fair shake ? Interrogations , arrest Police seized the helmet-cam video and questioned the motorcyclist who shot it . They arrested Cruz , 28 , the biker who abruptly slowed in front of the Range Rover . He is charged with misdemeanors including reckless driving . Cruz was later released after posting $ 1,500 cash bail and a $ 15,000 insurance bond . His license was suspended , and he was ordered to surrender his passport . Cruz 's lawyer insisted he is not guilty . "  His motorcycle was struck , and he stood right there , " his attorney H. Benjamin Perez said . "  He never assaulted this man . He never tried to assault him in any way . And he does not know any of the other motorcyclists who were involved in this beating . " A second biker , who was in custody , was released Wednesday , when authorities determined that he may have been trying to help . The NYPD released photos Sunday of two other men they want to find and question as part of the investigation and asked for the public 's help in identifying them . Mieses ' family , meanwhile , says he is the real victim . "  All of his ribs are fractured . His lungs are so badly bruised that he 's still on a ventilator , " Yolanda Santiago , his mother , told CNN affiliate WCBS . Mieses ' wife , Dayana , told CNN affiliate WBZ that he got off his bike to help the SUV driver . She blamed Lien . "  He got scared ; he peeled off , and he paralyzed my husband on the way , " she said . ` We could not have done anything differently ' Lien was treated at a hospital for slashes to his face . "  My husband was forced under the circumstances to take the actions that he did in order to protect the lives of our entire family , " his wife said . "  We know in our hearts that we could not have done anything differently , and we believe that anyone faced with this sort of grave danger would have taken the same course of action in order to protect their family . " It was Lien 's wife who made the last of three 911 calls the family placed during the incident . Bikers have called for Lien to be charged . "  That was n't fear , that was aggression -- he ran over three bikes , " a man who identified himself as Jose told reporters Thursday night . "  Are we saying , if you feel nervous you can kill somebody ? You can paralyze somebody ? I think we need to charge him immediately . " Angry netizens have turned on the bikers , casting them in a bad light . One biker called for cool heads to prevail . "  We are not here to blame anyone , we are not here to point any fingers , " Albert Elkerson said . "  The true question is how could we have avoided what happened last Sunday , and what can we do to prevent that . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti reported from New York ; CNN 's Tom Watkins and Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton , Lateef Mungin , Pamela Brown , Kevin Conlon and Marina Carver contributed to this report .	Lawyer says Reginald Chance was a victim and did n't take part in the beating One biker stomped on the SUV driver 's head and body , police said Source : An off-duty police officer was among motorcyclists who saw the incident Police : The SUV driver plowed into three bikers while fleeing , critically injuring one
CNN  The private spaceflight company SpaceX will launch another mission to the International Space Station on Tuesday , but the real highlight of the event could be back on Earth . A Falcon 9 rocket will lift the cargo into orbit , and for the first time , the company will try to land the rocket 's first stage on a floating platform . Traditionally , rockets have been designed to fall back to Earth after separating from the spacecraft they lifted , and then burn up on reentry or crash into the ocean . The millions of dollars that go into the production of the rockets burn , too . SpaceX wants to pioneer a reusable rocket , a development that could change the economics of space travel . "  A fully and rapidly reusable rocket -- which has never been done before -- is the pivotal breakthrough needed to substantially reduce the cost of space access , " SpaceX said in a news release . The company has twice attempted soft landings of the Falcon 9 's first stage on water . Those tests showed that the rocket is capable of reducing its speed from hypersonic to nearly zero , and deploy landing legs . In those tests , the rocket tipped sideways and crashed into the ocean , causing damage that made the rocket unusable . That was according to plan , SpaceX said . On Tuesday , the company will try the same soft landing for the Falcon 9 's first stage , but this time on a custom-built floating platform it calls the autonomous spaceport drone ship . Landing on the platform "  is significantly more challenging " than the water landings , the company said . For one , the platform is not anchored , and while the platform looks large from the ground , it is a rather small target for the 14-story-tall rocket . SpaceX described reentry and landing as "  trying to balance a rubber broomstick on your hand in the middle of a wind storm . " The company puts the odds of success at 50 % at best . It adds , however , that this is just the first of a number of tests toward the goal of landing a rocket stage for reuse . As for Tuesday 's target , "  X " marks the spot : The company will try to land the rocket stage on the SpaceX logo painted on the center of the floating platform .	SpaceX is scheduled to launch a rocket Tuesday In a first , the company will try to land the rocket 's first stage There is at best a 50 % chance this attempt will succeed , SpaceX says
CNN  He 's a two-time Olympic gold medalist , successful businessman and has a killer nickname that attests to his daredevil nature on the slopes . But what Ted ` the Shred ' Ligety most wants is a repeat of his triple gold-medal-winning performance at the 2013 Alpine World Ski Championships . The U.S. star took top prize in the Giant Slalom , Super Combined and Super G events in Schladming , Austria , two years ago -- the first time any skier had achieved such a feat since the legendary Jean-Claude Killly did so in 1968 . Now the 30-year-old has his sights firmly set on doing it all again as he prepares to make his first appearance at the 2015 World Championships in Beaver Creek , Colorado . "  It would be awesome to repeat that , " Ligety recently told CNN 's Alpine Edge . "  There 's a reason it has n't been done in 45 years . It 's because it 's so hard , because so many different guys are specializing in different disciplines . " "  To be able to do that in three very different disciplines is a tremendous feat and definitely the biggest achievement of my career . " In the period since he became "  The King of Schladming , " Ligety has gone on to secure Giant Slalom Olympic gold in Sochi  to add to the Super Combined gold he won in Turin 2006  and the fifth World Cup crystal globe of his career in 2014 for the same discipline . Yet he 's far from had it all his own way . "  The Shred " finished way back in 12th and 14th position in the Super Combined and Super G events in Sochi respectively . And he currently lies in 12th position in this year 's overall World Cup standings , way off the impressive pace set by Austria 's Marcel Hirscher . Hirscher has won the overall title for the past three years and is heavily fancied in the giant slalom at Beaver Creek . Other challengers include the in-form Kjetil Jansrud of Norway who has won three downhill events this season and picked up Super G gold in Sochi last year . The likes of Alexis Pinturault , Hans Reichelt and Dominik Paris will also fancy their chances of tearing up Ligety 's dream script . But Ligety feels the intricacies of the Birds of Prey course could help play into his hands . "  The course  is really great in every discipline and downhill it 's probably the most fun course around , " he said , adding that "  the Super G hill is really good for me ... in giant slalom I 've had a tonne of success there over the last five years . " Having the backing of an enthusiastic home crowd will also doubtless help . "  I 've always liked racing in the US , " he said . "  I think it 's kind of an understated disadvantage for North Americans in general having to race World Cups which are generally in Central Europe . " "  So it 's nice to be able to take those Euros out of their element and make them live out of their duffel bags for a couple of weeks and experience the travel side of things . " With the likes of Steven Nyman and Travis Ganong on form and Lindsey Vonn back after a lengthy injury layoff , hopes are high for the U.S. contingent . Some have even suggested this could be the strongest U.S. side ever going into a World Championship . "  We 've got an amazing team right now , " Ligety said . "  I think we have a really good chance to get some medals on the downhill side of things and on Super G ...  there 's  myself and Andrew Weibrecht . "  On the women 's side you have Lindsey  Vonn  who 's already dominating again which is pretty incredible . Mikaela  Shiffrin  , who 's found her stride again in the middle of this year , is dominating ... and winning Giant Slalom as well . "  So I think we have a lot of different athletes on both the men 's and the women 's side that could win a lot of medals . " Ligety reserves particular praise for Vonn who broke the record for all-time career wins with her 62nd World Cup triumph late last month . "  I think most of us are so taken aback by how fast she came back from having a two-year break , " he said . "  Being able to dominate so quickly , I think that 's the biggest thing we 're surprised about . "  I think none of us are surprised that she 's won  now 64  World Cups or something because that was kind of an inevitability I think in a lot of our minds .  But  that 's cool that she 's able to achieve that for sure . " Away from the slopes Ligety has been kept busy building his own Shred brand of ski clothing and equipment in recent years . He describes it as a fusion of the best technical and most stylish gear on the market . So successful has the venture been that some of his biggest rivals on the slopes , like Alexis Pinero and Carlo Janka , have even been spotted using Shred goggles . But the stresses of the business world will be way to the back of Ligety 's mind when race time arrives over the coming weeks . Of more concern will be winning and making the most of the unique set up of the World Championship event . "  I think the World Championships is awesome because there 's so few races we 're racing men and women together so it 's kind of cool to be able to feed off that energy . "  Normally we 'll have a giant slalom and a slalom one place and then you have to ... get in your car and drive a couple of hours and then you go do a downhill and a Super G the next weekend . "  It 's nice to be able to do everything all in one place . The World Championships , like you said , it 's second Olympics . It 's really cool to have those races that really mean a lot and then to be able to do it in the United States is a huge opportunity for us . "	Ted Ligety eyes World Championship success at Beaver Creek U.S. has strong team going into event including likes of Ligety , Steven Nyman and Travis Ganong Ligety has launched his own range of Shred ski gear
CNN  -- Tens of thousands of anti-government protesters are expected to join a march on Pakistan 's capital as the country celebrates its independence . The protest was called by former Pakistan cricket captain and leader of the Tehreek-e-insaaf  PTI  political party , Imran Khan , who declared it a "  march of independence . " He has demanded the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif amid claims of vote rigging during last year 's election . Another prominent opponent of the government , outspoken cleric Tahir ul Qadri , also called on his supporters to join what he described as a "  revolution march , " sparking fresh security fears . Last week , at least five of his supporters were killed during clashes with security forces in the country 's northwestern Punjab province . Qadri , who led protests against Pakistan 's government last year that brought the capital to a standstill , has accused the Sharif government of corruption . Qadri has previously called for the military to be involved in the electoral process , causing alarm in a country with a history of coups . Critics accuse the cleric , who was until recently based in Canada , of working on behalf of the military -- an allegation he denies . He maintains that he is working only to ensure a corruption-free electoral process . Security operation Thousands of security personnel have been deployed along the planned route from the city of Lahore to Islamabad , while massive shipping containers and reels of barbed wire have been used to seal off many roads . Cell phone coverage has also been temporarily suspended across some areas . Under Section 144 of Pakistan 's penal code , the authorities have prohibited "  all kinds of gatherings of five or more persons , processions/rallies and demonstrations at any public place , " while control of Islamabad 's security has been handed to the army . Representatives of opposition leader Khan told CNN that they planned to arrive in the capital at 6 p.m. local time  9 a.m. ET  on Thursday , where they will rally in the city 's "  red zone , " a tightly controlled area containing many government buildings . Pakistan 's Dawn News reported that an agreement has been struck between authorities and protest organizers to permit the rally on the condition participants remain in Islamabad for one day only . CNN could not confirm this . Government response On Wednesday , in a rare address to the country , Prime Minister Sharif refuted accusations of electoral rigging and stressed that Pakistan has moved forward over the past 14 months in terms of "  currency value , foreign investment and economic growth . " In an apparent attempt to appease Khan 's demands for an investigation into electoral fraud last year , Sharif offered to form a commission consisting of three Supreme Court judges to investigate the claims . But at a press conference shortly after the prime minister 's address , Khan said the government 's response had arrived too late in the day and that he was now officially calling for the resignation of Sharif . Protest leaders are expecting around 100,000 people to join the march during what is a national holiday to mark Pakistan 's independence following British rule in 1947 . Pakistan , so often a nation in crisis , is currently involved in a costly military campaign against militants in its restive northwestern tribal region . But the air and ground offensive has displaced an estimated 500,000 people -- including 180,000 children according to the United Nations -- from their homes in North Waziristan . 7 killed in Pakistan drone strike , sources say	Opposition leader and former cricketer Imran Khan organized march from Lahore to capital Has called for the resignation of PM amid allegations of vote rigging in 2013 election Prominent cleric Tahir ul Qadri has called on his supporters to join the march Supporters of Qadri died during recent clashes with security forces
CNN  So now the real trial is underway : What does the surviving Boston Marathon bomber , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , deserve and why ? What 's he likely to get and why ? Let 's start where the penalty phase starts , with the prosecution 's case . Prosecutors have listed , as they must , the aggravating circumstances that make this horrific mass murderer deserve the harshest punishment . The killing was "  heinous , cruel and depraved . " He placed a bomb in a crowd , set it to kill and maim children and adults indiscriminately -- if that 's not heinous , cruel and depraved , what is ? Cruelty classically consists of a desire to cause pain and suffering in innocent victims , or , at the opposite extreme , it reflects a cold , callous indifference . Tsarnaev displayed both . Cruelty really provides us a lens into the worst of the worst of the worst . The number of dead from the bombing  three  and injured  260  , including dozens maimed , also elevate these murders . The victims were vulnerable -- no one more so than 8-year-old Martin Richard . For 2,500 years , we have proclaimed that all human beings are equally valuable , yet we identify certain victims as especially worthy , and those who prey on them as especially culpable . The prosecution 's emphasis : The killings involved "  substantial planning and premeditation " and a betrayal of the United States -- the very country that gave Tsarnaev shelter and citizenship . And then there 's the selection of the site , the Boston Marathon , an "  iconic " event . And then there 's Tsarnaev 's lack of remorse -- opening day , the prosecutor 's final shot of Tsarnaev locked up , giving the security camera the finger . From his blood-scrawled justification in the boat after the bombing to this day , the message has been : Screw you , society . Tsarnaev may take the stand to beg for mercy , but only if he now feels or at least can fake remorse . And do n't confuse regret with remorse . No doubt Tsarnaev regrets his present predicament , regrets the negative publicity he 's brought his friends and family and most poignantly regrets running over and killing his older brother while trying to escape . But that 's a far cry from genuine remorse for the victims he 's killed and maimed . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was the lesser of two evils , the defense will insist over and over . Tamerlan was the source of his younger brother 's malicious intent . As the prisoners inside Washington D.C. 's now defunct Lorton Central Prison once described the street code to me : No snitching , but if someone dies , then "  the dead guy did everything . " So the defense will claim that Dzhokhar was not fully responsible because he could not be . After all , he was only 19 . Biologists teach us our brains do n't fully develop until we 're 25 . Thus , their argument goes , a 19-year-old simply ca n't be the worst of the worst . In 2005 , the U.S. Supreme Court struck down the death penalty for those younger than 18 when they killed , repeatedly quoting an article by psychologists Laurence Steinberg and Elizabeth Scott . But in the same article , these leading developmental psychologists themselves characterized it as an "  open question whether under real-world conditions the decision making of mid-adolescents is truly comparable with that of adults . " And they were talking about 17-year-olds . To the best of my knowledge , science has not and can not establish a definitive connection between organic brain development and moral responsibility . Think about it : When a 19-year-old bravely dashes into a burning building , risking his life to save children inside , we celebrate this heroism . We do not , nor should we , dismiss this bravery as the product of an impulsive not-yet-fully-formed personality . If we can fully celebrate good character and heroic acts of our best young adults , why ca n't we fully condemn the cowardly viciousness of our worst ? What outcome would I predict in the Tsarnaev case ? Confronted by surviving victims and images of their dead loved ones , hearing offsetting pleas to "  move on , " balancing the real suffering in the courtroom against the imagined punishment of life that awaits Tsarnaev , I expect the jury will vote 10-2  or 9-3  for death . But they must be unanimous for death ; a lopsided but divided jury would result in a life sentence . Worse , the historical record and headlines in the next day 's anti-death penalty news organizations will probably proclaim : "  Jury Chooses Life for the Marathon Bomber " -- even if overwhelmingly the people 's representatives were to vote for death as the more appropriate punishment . Requiring a unanimous verdict for death gives the defense an enormous advantage -- one of many . Why ? Because in the end , we would much prefer that 1 or 10 or 20 convicted murderers who deserve to die instead live out their lives in the relatively nonpunitive condition of prison than one person who deserves to live be wrongly killed at the hands of the people . And yet , if we really commit ourselves to having the punishment fit the crime , if we rightly reserve the death penalty for the most heinous crimes and criminals , surely the Boston Marathon bomber stands among the worst of the worst .	Robert Blecker : In sentencing phase , the prosecution lays out wealth of evidence that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev deserves penalty reserved for the worst of the worst He predicts most of the jury will vote for a death sentence , but it must be unanimous ; therefore , Tsarnaev will most likely get life in prison
CNN  -- Syria , we are told , is not like Libya . The factors that coalesced to allow for international intervention in the latter do not apply in the former . There are clear differences -- in geography , topography , the role of neighboring states , the existence of liberated territory and the posture of the U.N. Security Council -- that mitigate against external intervention . The problem with this narrative is that it ignores the most salient factor that should guide our thinking and the international community 's response to events in Syria today . That 's the ongoing crimes against humanity visited upon the people of Syria by the Bashar al-Assad regime and the human rights catastrophe that is unfolding before our eyes . While many governments repress their populations and respond with violence to public demands for change , what distinguishes the Syrian case is that all the leading human rights organizations -- Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch and the U.N. Human Rights Council -- have unanimously characterized the policies of the Syrian regime as "  crimes against humanity . " This means the mafia state the Assad family has been running for 42 years belongs in the same moral category as Serbia 's Slobodan Milosevic and Rwanda 's Hutu generals . Speaking last week in New York , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay affirmed that the "  nature and scale of abuses committed by Syrian forces indicate that crimes against humanity are likely to have been committed since March 2011 . Independent , credible and corroborated accounts indicate that these abuses have taken place as part of a widespread and systematic attack on civilians . "  Furthermore , the breadth and patterns of attacks by military and security forces on civilians and the widespread destruction of homes , hospitals , schools and other civilian infrastructure indicate approval or complicity of the authorities at the highest level . " The merciless brutality of the Syrian regime comes as no surprise . A comparison of the human rights records of member states of the Arab League places Syria at the extreme end of a spectrum of repression . Arguably , only Saddam Hussein 's Iraq was worse . While the 1982 massacre in Hama is frequently mentioned to highlight the viciousness of the Assad regime , less well-known are the horrors of Syria 's prison system . Tens of thousands have passed through its doors . Untold numbers never made it out . A Human Rights Watch report on the notorious Tadmor prison describes "  deaths under torture " and "  summary executions on a massive scale . " One former inmate described the place as a "  kingdom of death and madness " and emaciated prisoners were compared to "  survivors of Nazi concentration camps . " But this was just one jail in a veritable archipelago . One day the full story of Syria 's prison system and internal human rights nightmare under the Assad family will be told . When the truth emerges , it might rival the horrors chronicled in Alexander Solzhenitsyn 's "  Gulag Archipelago . " In thinking about how to respond to events in Syria today , the colossal scale of human suffering -- past and present -- should be foremost in our minds . Any discussion of external intervention should be guided by what the Syrian people actually want from the outside world . This requires listening to the Syrian democratic opposition . The opposition is divided on the issue of foreign military intervention , a chasm that is diminishing daily as the atrocities increase . Until there is a broad consensus , the following nonmilitary steps can be pursued immediately . They would be a huge boon of support for the opposition and would be endorsed by all Syrian democrats : -- Officially recognize the Syrian National Council as the legitimate representative of the Syrian people . -- Establish a special U.N. Commission of Inquiry along the lines of Darfur . -- Refer the senior leadership of the al-Assad regime to the International Criminal Court . -- Provide humanitarian air drops of food and medicine to besieged communities . -- Keep the global spotlight on the Assad regime and its atrocities . There is a historic struggle for democracy under way in Syria today . It represents the aspirations of a people to free themselves from the tyranny of one the most brutal regimes the developing world has ever seen . Claims that the conflict has now turned violent ignore the overarching reality that for most of the past 11 months the protests have been overwhelmingly peaceful , and notwithstanding the emergence of the Free Syrian Army , most of the protests continue to be nonviolent today . What is truly amazing about the spread of the Arab Spring to Syria is not that some people have taken up arms in the face of a brutal crackdown but that is it did n't happen sooner , given Assad 's crimes against humanity and that violent tactics have n't been adopted by more people . The very fact that an indigenous internal struggle for democracy could emerge in one of the worst police states in the Arab world and be sustained for so long is both mind-boggling and inspiring . The heroic struggle in Syria today represents the best of the human spirit . It is fundamentally about the most basic political value we take for granted in the West , the right of a people to self-determination . It deserves our full support . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nader Hashemi .	Nader Hashemi : Human rights groups agree Syrian regime is guilty of crimes against humanity He says the brutality of al-Assad regime has gone on for decades , aided by torture West could take steps to show support for oppressed people of Syria , he says Hashemi : In Syria , the colossal scale of human suffering should be foremost in our minds
CNN  -- Black Friday bargain hunters , do you ever get the feeling that you 're being sucked in somewhere against your control , rapidly descending to a dark , cold place ? It could be that feeling after you snatch the last Xbox away from a 9-year-old . Or it could be a black hole . Shoppers may have Black Friday , but NASA scientists have something that 's arguably better : Black Hole Friday . NASA spent the day tweeting facts about black holes , including a handful of Black Friday-themed jokes . If humor is n't your thing , the agency also tweeted out a black hole-themed game . The space agency sent out over a dozen tweets and retweets on black holes . The "  2-for-1 deal " was a hit , garnering over 1,000 retweets . NASA defines a black hole as "  a place in space where gravity pulls so much that even light can not get out , " where "  the gravity is so strong because matter has been squeezed into a tiny space . " The space agency also posted some fun and less-known facts about black holes : For example , some scientists believe that the smallest black holes are the size of a single atom .	NASA has some fun with Black Friday on its Twitter account Jokes , facts and a black hole-themed game were the order of the day
GAZA CITY , Gaza  CNN  -- Palestinian militants declared Sunday that they would stop attacks on Israel for a week , a statement that came hours after Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert announced a unilateral cease-fire in the country 's assault on Hamas in Gaza . An Israeli soldier holds up an Israeli flag after leaving Gaza on Sunday . The Palestinians demanded that Israel remove all troops from Gaza within the week , Hamas spokesman Ayman Taha said from Egypt . The agreement appears to cover all Palestinian armed factions , not only Hamas . "  We in the Palestinian resistance movements announce a cease-fire in the Gaza Strip , " Moussa Abu Marzouk , a senior Hamas official in Syria , said on Syrian TV . "  And we demand that Israeli forces withdraw in one week and that they open all the border crossings to permit the entry of humanitarian aid and basic goods for our people in Gaza . " There is no mutual agreement between the Israelis and Palestinians -- each side has made its own unilateral declaration of a cease-fire . Mahmoud Abbas , the president of the Palestinian Authority , called for the cease-fire to hold so aid could get into Gaza . Watch how a family in Gaza is coping with the violence " "  We hope that it continues and that the situation calms down and that humanitarian aid delivery begins immediately to our people , " he said at a summit in Egypt . Watch how a reporter finds Gaza in chaos " During 22 days of fighting , more than 1,200 people have died , all but 13 of them Palestinians . Watch clean-up efforts in Gaza City " The Palestinians and Israel continued to skirmish for several hours Sunday after Israel said it was stopping its offensive against Hamas . Palestinians fired at least 19 rockets into Israel on Sunday -- including at least two after the Palestinian cease-fire declaration , according to Israeli police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld . At least three people were lightly wounded . Israeli military aircraft retaliated , firing missiles and destroying a rocket launcher , a military spokesman said . Shortly before the rocket attacks , Palestinian gunmen opened fire on Israeli forces in northern Gaza , the military said . Troops returned fire . Separately , Palestinian medical sources said 23 bodies were pulled from rubble in Gaza . Watch doctors tend to wounded civilians " Olmert said Sunday the Israeli offensive had achieved its goals but that the Israel Defense Forces reserved the right to respond to any Palestinian violence against Israelis . "  IDF forces are in the Gaza Strip and many other units , which are surrounding Gaza from all sides , are closely observing every corner and listening to every whisper , ready for any response that they might receive from their commanders if and when the violations continue , as they have this morning , " he said at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting , before the announcement of the Palestinian cease-fire . Israel pulled some troops out of the Palestinian territory as it called a halt to its operation against Hamas , but others remained . Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev told CNN they would be there for a matter of days , not weeks . International leaders are in the region for talks on the crisis . Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and French President Nicolas Sarkozy hosted a summit Sunday in the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh , bringing together leaders from Europe and the Middle East . Olmert told the gathering that , if the cease-fire holds , "  the government of Israel has no intention to stay in the Gaza Strip . We are interested in leaving Gaza as soon as we can . " He said Israel would "  continue to do whatever is possible to prevent the humanitarian crisis in Gaza , " and expressed sorrow for the deaths of innocent civilians . "  It was n't our intention to fight them or to harm them , to hurt them or to shoot at them , " he said . German Premier Angela Merkel underscored the international community 's preferred outcome in a news conference in Egypt : "  The two-state solution is the only solution we have . " Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert will meet the leaders of the UK , France , Germany , Italy , Spain and the Czech Republic , which holds the rotating presidency of the European Union , later in Jerusalem . A top aide to Barack Obama said the president-elect would move swiftly to work on the Middle East after he is sworn in on Tuesday . "  The events around the world demand that he act quickly , and I think you 'll see him act quickly , " David Axelrod told CNN . But he refused to promise Obama would name a Middle East special envoy "  on day one . " Israel said it launched the offensive in Gaza to stop the firing of rockets -- primarily the short-range homemade Qassam rockets -- from the territory into southern Israel by Hamas fighters . "  We welcome any alleviation of violence , with cautious optimism and hope that these declarations of cease-fire will lead to the end of fighting , " said Charles Clayton , national director of World Vision Jerusalem , an aid group . "  We call on all parties to stop attacks , including Hamas ' rocket strikes against Israel , and refrain from further hostilities . " He called for "  unhindered and safe humanitarian assistance to the desperate civilian families of Gaza who have lost their homes and businesses and are struggling amid shortages of food , supplies , healthcare and fuel . " He further called for an end "  to the 18-month blockade of the 1.5 million Palestinians in Gaza , " saying it has "  devastated the economy , halted services , and rendered the people of Gaza entirely dependent on humanitarian aid . " CNN 's Arie Bell and Karl Penhaul contributed to this report .	NEW : Israeli prime minister says no intention to hurt civilians Palestinians fire two rockets after cease-fire declaration Palestinian Authority president calls for aid into Gaza Cease-fire covers all armed Palestinian factions , CNN reports
CNN  -- For many Vermonters , the devastating floods in Colorado are a stark reminder of the disaster Vermont experienced just two years ago as a result of Tropical Storm Irene . I remember being in shock as I made my way across our battered state , seeing so many of our most treasured features -- our covered bridges , fertile farmland , historic downtowns , and winding rural roads -- destroyed by the tremendous force of floodwater . The storm 's 60-mph winds and up to 11 inches of rain damaged 3,500 homes and businesses , 500 miles of state roads and 200 bridges . And tragically , six lives were lost , including those of a father and son , city employees who were checking on the community 's wastewater treatment facility . Colorado floods : Stories of grief , generosity and gratitude In the days , weeks and months that followed Irene , Vermont state government joined together with our local and federal government , nonprofits , and legions of volunteers to get people and communities back on their feet as quickly as possible . At the Agency of Natural Resources , we responded to spills of hazardous waste , gasoline and oil . We helped communities repair drinking water and sewage treatment systems . We supported our transportation agency and our cities and towns as they quickly rebuilt roads and bridges . We responded to calls to address the large accumulations of gravel , tree trunks , cars , refrigerators , propane tanks and endless amounts of debris that threatened to cause further damage to bridges , roads and homes , or presented a risk of harm to public health and safety . How to help From that emergency response , we learned a few critical lessons that I offer for our counterparts in Colorado : Sleep and eat . This flood emergency response will continue for many weeks . It is a marathon , not a sprint , and you and your staff can only be helpful if you take care of your own basic needs . Ask for help . Many folks want to help , including experts who are prepared to pitch in at a moment 's notice . Take some time to think carefully about where you could use the extra boots on the ground and ask for assistance . Communicate . The first casualty of a crisis is information . Make sure you have the facts before you act . Talk to the folks in the field . Share relevant information with the emergency response directors . Let the public know what you know through updates and guidance from your experts . You can not communicate too much . Build back with resilience in mind . Two years after Irene , we are still recovering . Communities are still rebuilding roads and bridges . Some destroyed houses can still be seen , too damaged to repair . Perhaps as a consequence of global climate disruption we are seeing significant increases in the frequency and intensity of storms in Vermont so that even as we rebuild , many of our communities have faced additional flooding since Irene . From these facts , we have learned that it is important to look ahead and rebuild with future resilience to flooding in mind . Once the water goes down , everyone will have the same initial instinct to quickly replace everything and restore communities to the way they were before the flood . Sometimes that instinct is correct . Putting a road or bridge back as soon as possible may be critical to a community 's ability to ensure that its citizens can get emergency services and food . But other times , the desire to put everything back just the way it was before is misplaced . We discovered in Vermont that much of the damage we experienced after Irene mirrored damage from flooding in 1927 and again in the 1970s , because we rebuilt in the same way and in the same places . We are trying not to repeat that mistake . So when we rebuild our roads , culverts , bridges and wastewater and drinking water systems , we are taking into account the more intense weather events we can expect in the future , and we are building this infrastructure to withstand future flooding . We are also taking advantage of our natural assets to make us more flood-resilient by giving our rivers room to move and by protecting our natural systems such as floodplains , wetlands and vegetation along river corridors . This will provide critical flood protections for our communities . For the moment , however , we in Vermont know well that the first priority in Colorado must be to rescue those whose lives are at risk , to reconnect communities and families that have been cut off by the disaster , and to ensure that every person has a place to stay and food to eat . We also know that this first emergency response will be just the first step on what will be a long and challenging journey . For all of these reasons , our hearts and prayers are with all Coloradans . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Deb Markowitz .	Deb Markowitz : Vermonters ' hearts and prayers are with flood victims in Colorado She says Vermont learned lessons from the epic floods from Tropical Storm Irene Markowitz : One lesson is to resist temptation to build back in the same form as before
It was either a very restless or restful night of sleep for someone who bought a Powerball ticket in Northern California . Restless knowing their life had changed forever . Or restful knowing they had a boatload of cash coming their way . The California Lottery announced late Wednesday that one winning ticket was sold for the $ 425 million jackpot . The winning numbers were 17 , 49 , 54 , 35 , 1 . The Powerball number was 34 . The golden ticket was sold at Dixon Landing Chevron in Milpitas , a Bay Area town just north of San Jose . The business will reap its own $ 1 million for its part in making its customer rich . One of the co-owners does n't even know he 's about to reap such a reward or that his store has been inundated with media and onlookers . Kulwinder Singh was on a plane to India when the news came the winning combo came from one of his stores , his son and co-owner Parmeet Singh said . "  I think it will mean a lot , " Parmeet Singh told CNN . "  From an investment point of view , it 's just a great opportunity . " The big victor has yet to come forward . Singh hopes he or she happens to one of the "  regulars " staffers know on a first-name basis , though he 's happy for whomever is about to cash in . "  There are a lot of deserving people , " he added . "  I 'm super excited to find out . I really want to know . " Some customers outside the Chevron were abuzz . "  My co-worker just called me right now . ` Did you buy your ticket at the Chevron ? ' I was like , no She says , ` Oh my God , someone just hit it there . ' Crazy , could have been me , " Jocelyne Garcia told CNN affiliate KPIX . Wednesday 's jackpot ranks as the sixth largest in U.S. history . The largest was $ 656 million in the Mega Millions game in March 2012 . That was split by three tickets sold in Illinois , Kansas and Maryland . The Powerball game is played in 43 states , the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands . A single ticket costs $ 2 , and the odds of winning the jackpot are 1 in 175,223,510 .	Co-owner of the Bay Area gas station where winner was sold says he 's excited He says his dad was flying to India when the news came out One still unidentified winner can lay claim to the entire $ 425 million jackpot The lucky numbers are : 17 , 49 , 54 , 35 , 1 ... and Powerball number 34
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A day before the United Nations held a climate change summit , New York City was blanketed with 100,000 fake copies of the New York Post tabloid , filled with content related to climate change . The Yes Men activist group says everything in the bogus edition of the tabloid is "  100 percent " true . But the Post , owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. , was n't impressed , calling the effort by perennial pranksters the Yes Men a "  Witless Spoof in Flawless Format " in a statement released Tuesday , a day after the faux Post hit the streets . The overall endeavor , the Post said , was a "  limp effort , " and the fraudulent newspaper "  has none of the wit and insight New Yorkers expect from their favorite paper . The Post will not be hiring any of their headline writers . " A phony "  Early City Special " edition of the popular tabloid greeted millions of New York City commuters early Monday with a blaring "  WE 'RE SCREWED " headline . The headline and everything else in the 32-page publication , including some bogus advertisements and comics , revolved around climate change . Even the Post 's notorious "  Page Six " gossip and "  Best Sports in Town " sections were spoofed with various true celebrity and sports articles connected to the green movement and climate change awareness . A statement released by the Yes Men , an activist group whose members have posed as officials and spokesmen of various organizations , companies and agencies , said that although their version of the New York Post is a fake , "  everything in it is 100 percent true , with all facts carefully checked by a team of editors and climate change experts . " Watch protesters don "  SurvivaBalls " near U.N. " The Post parody appeared a day before Tuesday 's U.N. climate change summit , "  where Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon will push 100 world leaders to make serious commitments to reduce carbon emissions in the lead-up to the Copenhagen climate conference in December , " the group said . The United Nations said that 54 presidents , 35 prime ministers and one prince were attending Tuesday 's events . Former Vice President Al Gore and former British Prime Minister Tony Blair also were involved . Yes Men spokeswoman Natalie Johns said the aim of the stunt was to "  report really important and relevant issues that have not been in the press a day before a U.N. climate meeting . " Johns said the fake New York Post printing cost between $ 30,000 and $ 40,000 , and was funded by numerous private donations of various amounts . On November 12 , 2008 , New Yorkers awoke to the organization 's first prank-in-print , finding strategically located "  special editions " of The New York Times around the city . The counterfeit Times , dated July 4 , 2009 , centered on the fictitious conclusion of the Iraq war , as well as other matters connected with the end of the Bush administration . The Yes Men also have posed as spokesmen for organizations including the World Trade Organization and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development . Their activities were documented in the 2003 film "  The Yes Men . "	Fake edition of New York Post has ads , "  Page Six " column related to climate change 10,000 copies blanket city a day before United Nations climate change summit Activist group Yes Men says aim of the stunt is to reveal underreported issues News Corp. , owner of the real New York Post , calls endeavor a "  limp effort "
A controversial new Texas law requiring voters to present personal identification before going to the polls has been blocked by the Obama administration . In a letter Monday to state officials , the Justice Department said the legislation could have a discriminatory effect on Hispanics and other minorities . Texas is among eight states to require official photo identification in an effort to stop what officials say is voter fraud . Opponents of the laws say they disenfranchise poor , minority and disabled voters . The department concluded there is little evidence of voter fraud in Texas warranting the legislative changes . "  We note that the state 's submission did not include evidence of significant in-person voter impersonation not already addressed by the state 's existing laws , " said Thomas Perez , assistant attorney general . The landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965 gives the federal government the power to oversee any changes in voting procedures in states and jurisdictions with a history of voter discrimination . Texas ' new voting boundaries for congressional and legislative seats are also being challenged separately in federal court . The Justice Department , relying on statistics provided by the state , said Hispanics in particular would be negatively affected by the Texas law . "  Under the data provided in January , Hispanics make up only 21.8 % of all registered voters , but fully 38.2 % of the registered voters who lack these forms of identification . Thus , we conclude that the total number of registered voters who lack a driver 's license or personal identification card issued by  the state Department of Public Safety  could range from 603,892 to 795,955 , " Perez said in the letter , addressed to the director of elections for the Texas secretary of state . "  Even using the data most favorable to the state , Hispanics disproportionately lack either a driver 's license or a personal identification card ... and that disparity is statistically significant , " Perez said . A similar voter ID law in South Carolina was blocked by the Obama administration in December . Texas and South Carolina now have the option of asking a federal court in Washington to review the laws , and allow them to be enforced this election year . Texas Gov. Rick Perry released a statement soon after the Justice Department 's decision was announced , slamming it as "  yet another example of the Obama administration 's continuing and pervasive federal overreach . " "  The DOJ has no valid reason for rejecting this important law , which requires nothing more extensive than the type of photo identification necessary to receive a library card or board an airplane , " he said . Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott has defended the law , saying it imposes "  minor inconveniences on exercising the right to vote . " Voters in the state would be required to present one of seven types of government-issued photo identification , including a driver 's license , a passport or a concealed handgun permit . Those lacking the ID would be given a provisional ballot , but the voter would have to present an approved document to the registrar 's office within six days after the election . Those lacking an acceptable identification would be given a free voter identification card . Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act has been used by federal authorities for decades to oversee election changes in 16 states or selected areas , including parts of New York City . Texas and other jurisdictions have chafed at the requirements , saying there has been no recent government effort to discriminate . They argue they should not continue to have the burden of showing that any voting changes would not burden or interfere with someone 's ability to vote . Opponents of the voter ID law in Texas have said minority voter turnout could be suppressed 3 % to 5 % at a time when the Hispanic population there is growing rapidly . There have also been complaints the new law has not been sufficiently publicized . "  Texas ' voter ID law would prevent countless Latinos , African-Americans , elderly citizens and others from casting their ballot , " said Katie O'Connor , a staff attorney with the ACLU 's Voting Rights Project . "  We 're pleased the Department of Justice has recognized the harms this discriminatory law would have on people 's fundamental right to vote . " The Justice Department said Hispanic registered voters in Texas are 46.5 % to 120 % more likely than a non-Hispanic registered voter to lack the required identification . The nation 's second largest state has a population of 25.1 million , an increase of 4.3 million in the past decade . That explosive growth ensures Texas will gain four congressional seats , requiring new voting boundaries that are still being litigated in court . The Supreme Court in January ordered a special federal court in Texas to reconsider its rejection of the maps approved by the state 's Republican majority .	Texas Gov. Rick Perry describes Obama 's move as an example of "  federal overreach " The law requires people to show a photo ID at the polling place The Justice Department says there is little evidence of "  in-person voter impersonation " The department blocked a similar voter ID law in South Carolina in December
CNN  -- When Katy Milane was asked to be in her college roommate 's August 2007 wedding , she expected the bridesmaid dress to be simple and sporty , just like the bride 's taste in clothes . Katy Milane , right , said none of the bridesmaids in her friend 's 2007 wedding liked this hot pink dress . It was n't . Milane and five other bridesmaids wore hot-pink floor-length satin dresses . One wedding guest commented that they looked "  like a row of Pepto Bismol bottles . " "  I do n't think any of us were happy with the dresses , " said Milane . One bridesmaid had to be sewn into her gown when it ripped the day of the wedding . Another left her dress in a Cincinnati , Ohio , hotel room after the festivities had ended . "  We all tried to be very positive about it because the bride really loved them , " said Milane . "  We would have worn anything to make her happy . " Such is the case at countless weddings . Bridesmaids are stuck in matching dresses that they will likely never wear again . Some say that brides choose less-than-attractive dresses for her attendants to keep everyone 's attention on her . Whatever the case , there are plenty of women with bridesmaid-dress horror stories . Check out some ugly bridesmaid dresses and pretty alternatives " Kimberlee Norbury of Orland , California , was aghast at the bridesmaid dress her cousin chose for her saloon-themed wedding in July 2006 . Norbury and three other bridesmaids were asked to wear "  saloon girl " dresses purchased at a nearby costume shop . The dresses , complete with lace garters and corset tops , were so short that some of the bridesmaids added fabric to make them longer . Even with the additional fabric , Norbury walked down the aisle with her bouquet strategically placed in front of her . "  Everyone knew what I was doing , " she said . "  I can laugh now , but I was so horrified . " As soon as the wedding ended , Norbury changed out of the dress . "  I was running for my clothes as fast as I could . " "  Afterwards I did explain that I loved her very much , " she said . "  That 's the only reason I wore that . " Freedom of choice Chandi Brooks knows how expensive bridesmaid dresses can be . She 's been in five weddings -- as a bridesmaid three times and the maid of honor twice -- and has never worn any of the dresses again . According to Conde Nast Bridal Media 's American Wedding Study , the average price of a bridesmaid dress in 2005 was $ 138.20 . "  It 's money down the drain most of the time , " Brooks said . That 's why she decided to let her bridal party choose their own dresses for her June 2007 wedding . Brooks ' attendants picked black dresses that ranged from $ 20 to $ 100 . The bridesmaids , all different sizes and ages , were pleased and so was the bride . "  I did n't have to shop around and did n't have to hear any griping . Everyone was happy , " said Brooks . Other brides also are giving their attendants the freedom of choice . Celia Stangerone of Windsor , Connecticut , asked her bridesmaids to pick tea-length lavender dresses . The length and color were the only restrictions she placed -- the shade of lavender , style of dress and type of shoe were up to each individual bridesmaid . Stangarone said she 's close to her bridesmaids , which factored into her decision to let them choose their own dresses . "  I knew the type of personalities I was dealing with and I also knew that they were all different sizes and shapes , " she said . "  I had to let them pick whatever style they felt beautiful in . " The final result was perfect , Stangarone said . Her bridesmaids chose dresses in varying shades of lavender that complimented each attendant 's body type and skin tone . "  They all looked beautiful and were all really happy , " she said . iReport.com : See the bridesmaids ' lavender dresses Keeping bridesmaids happy Many of those who lived through their own bridesmaid nightmares hope not to put their friends through the same pain . Milane , who remains friends with the bride , is not planning to have a wedding anytime soon . When she does she intends to choose a dress that her bridesmaids can wear again . "  I want my bridesmaids to like what they 're wearing , " she said . "  I feel like if you choose something they can wear in their daily lives , they 're going to be a lot happier in the end . "	iReporters shared horror stories of having to wear ugly bridesmaid dresses Kimberlee Norbury wore a "  saloon girl " dress for her cousin 's theme wedding Some brides are letting their attendants choose their own dresses iReport.com : See bridesmaids ' photos and stories , and share your own
SEATTLE , Washington  CNN  -- Predicting the path of a swine flu outbreak is next to impossible , public health officials say . But Dr. Ira Longini has spent more than three decades trying to do just that . Dr. Ira Longini studies simulations of hypothetical influenzas and how they would spread . And Longini says the apparent new strain of swine flu appears to be here to stay . "  We are probably going to have to live with this virus for some time , " he told CNN . Longini specializes in the mathematical and statistical theory of epidemics . He works at the Vaccine and Infectious Disease Institute at the Hutchinson Research Center in Seattle , Washington . The researcher studies simulations of hypothetical influenzas and how they would spread across the United States . For the moment , he said , there is not enough information about the swine flu that has sickened hundreds in Mexico and about 50 people in the United States to accurately forecast how the disease will travel . But Longini 's simulations of a fictional killer flu that were ordered by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  show the importance of steps health officials can take to prevent further spread of the virus . These measures include "  social distancing , " or encouraging those sickened with the flu to stay home or seek medical treatment ; closing places where groups of people gather ; and making anti-flu medications available to large portions of the population . In the simulations , Longini said , these forms of containment reduce the sickness by nearly two-thirds . "  The name of the game is to slow transmission until a well-matched vaccine can be made and distributed . I am fairly optimistic we can do that , " he said . Watch how computer models simulate an outbreak 's spread " So far , Longini said , it appears that everyone sickened by swine flu in the United States contracted the disease while traveling in Mexico , the apparent epicenter of the outbreak . But he cautioned : "  That could change very fast . Obviously people in these communities could also get on airplanes and go other places or get on buses or cars or trucks and move around . The picture may change very rapidly . Basically , influenza is going to go where people go . " Health officials agree that the worst may still be yet to come . "  It is too soon for us to say what the spectrum is , " Dr. Richard Besser , the acting director of the CDC , said Monday on Larry King Live . "  We are going to see cases in this country that are more severe , individuals who are hospitalized , and I would not be surprised if we see deaths in this country . " Longini said health officials are doing everything they can to mitigate how widely the swine flu spreads in the United States . Even if authorities examined everyone entering the country , Longini said , it would not solve the problem . "  Through simulations and mathematical work we 've shown that travel restrictions -- although potentially useful in slowing spread -LSB- of swine flu -RSB- -- they are not going to stop it , " Longini said . "  We can screen airline passengers , but there all those asymptomatic or incubating people we would miss . So you really have to deal with these outbreaks locally , everywhere they are occurring . " Watch how countries are scanning travelers " Longini said he hopes that as more data come in about the outbreak , it will help to answer questions researchers have about why the swine flu appears more deadly in the Mexico cases than the ones in the United States . Researchers also hope to find out why such a large percentage of fatalities in Mexico are young people whose healthy immune systems usually protect them from the flu . But there is good news , Longini said , at least temporarily , for populations in certain areas . In North America and Europe , summer will soon begin , ending the traditional flu season . Even outbreaks such as swine flu tend to follow standard flu season patterns , he said . Other parts of the world may not be so lucky . "  Timing is terrible for people in the Southern Hemisphere -- places like New Zealand , Australia , South Africa , parts of South America , "  Longini said . "  They are just coming into their flu season . "	Researcher studies how a potential flu outbreak could spread Authorities taking vital steps to keep outbreak from spreading , he explains Still , worst of swine flu outbreak may be yet to come , health officials warn Researcher hopes data will show why outbreak so much deadlier in Mexico
The worst possible outcome for the country from the impasse over the continuing resolution that would prevent a government shutdown would be for House Republicans to cave . This is a pivotal conflict that will define the relationship between Congress and the executive branch for the next three years . The country will be much better off if Congress does not abdicate its constitutional role and if the president can not ignore that role . When President Barack Obama is willing to negotiate with Russian , Syrian and Iranian leaders but unwilling to negotiate with the U.S. House of Representatives , it is time for the House to stand firm . When Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid says , according to unnamed sources quoted in Politico , that he will refuse to attend a negotiation at the White House because House Republicans have to cave and surrender to his terms , it is time to stand firm . When a senior , unnamed Democratic official is quoted Monday morning calling for no negotiations and saying "  it 's time to punch the bully in the nose , " it is time to stand firm . Begala : Bet on Obama in shutdown showdown When Obama spends a week making three partisan speeches attacking Republicans and then calls House Speaker John Boehner to tell him , "  I will not negotiate , " it is time to stand firm . It is a sad commentary on Obama 's attitude toward the elected majority of the House of Representatives that he could have a more pleasant conversation with the head of the Iranian dictatorship than with the elected leader of the U.S. House . The left has sold itself on a false history of the 2012 election . According to the left , Obama won the election and therefore we should do whatever he wants . This ignores that there was also an election for the "  People 's House " in 435 congressional districts , and the Republicans won . It also ignores the 63 million Americans who voted against his re-election and his agenda . Winning 52 % does not mean he gets 100 % of what he wants . Zelizer : Government shutdown threat is getting very old , very fast The president has decided to seek to bully and bluff his way to get what he wants . House Republicans must not abdicate their responsibilities now . Any surrender on the continuing resolution would confirm the contempt with which Obama and Reid already hold Boehner and his Republican colleagues . This fight is about something much bigger than the Republican Party and the future of Obamacare . It is about whether the president dictates to America 's elected representatives or negotiates with them when they disagree . It will be very bad for America if a president whose hubris is astounding is reinforced in the belief that he can bully his way into getting everything he wants by making demagogic attack speeches . The next few weeks might be painful if House Republicans insist on getting to a compromise and refuse to surrender . But the next three years will be frightening if House Republicans cave and the president learns that nothing stands between him and his ability to use overweening power outside the Constitution to advance his ideology . This is a big moment of decision for America . Do n't give in now .	Newt Gingrich : Worst possible outcome on budget showdown would be if GOP backed down He notes Obama willing to negotiate with Iran , Russia and Syria but not with GOP He says getting elected does not give Obama free rein to enforce his agenda on the unwilling Gingrich : If House caves , it will confirm contempt Obama and Harry Reid hold for Republicans
Editor 's note : Dr. Vance Harris is a primary care physician in Redding , California . An earlier version of this commentary was posted on SERMO.com , a private , physicians-only online community . Dr. Vance Harris says primary care doctors get minuscule payment for saving the system huge sums of money . CNN  -- Health policy experts agree that any reform in our health care system must include a well-educated , caring primary care doctor who is able to manage the health of his or her patients with an eye to using resources optimally to keep costs down . That 's a tall order and it seems that few policy makers realize the value of primary care physicians . People are making a huge assumption in this reform effort that as we extend coverage to millions who do n't have health insurance , there will be doctors there to actually provide the health care . Fewer and fewer medical students are choosing primary care and many primary care doctors are leaving the field . Let me share with you why we are losing so many primary care doctors . What follows are a few examples I experience each week . How many dozens of chest pain patients have I seen in the last month for whom I did n't order an EKG , get a consult , set up nuclear imaging or send for a catheterization ? Only I have the advantage of knowing how anxious some are and that they have had similar symptoms over the last 20 years . After a history and exam , I am willing to make the call that this is not heart disease . In doing so , I save the system tens of thousands of dollars . Most of these patients are worked into a busy day , pushing me even deeper into that mire of tardiness for which I will be chastised by at least six patients before the end of the day . My reward for working these people in and making the call is at most $ 75 . How many times has an anxious patient come in demanding an endoscopy who I examined and then decided to treat less invasively for three to four weeks first ? Few of these patients are happy no matter how many times I explain that it is reasonable to treat their reflux symptoms for several weeks before endoscopy . This delay in referral has led to many tense moments in the last 20 years . The cost savings to the system is thousands of dollars each and every time I am willing to make the call and go with the treatment . My reward is about $ 55 from Medicare and private health insurers . How many low back pain patients have come to the office in agony knowing that there has to be something serious to cause this kind of pain ? A good history and exam allows me to reassure the patient that there is nothing we need to operate on and that the risk of missing anything is low . This takes a lot of time to explain as I teach them why they do n't need an MRI . If someone else ordered the MRI , guess who gets to explain the significance of bulging disks to an alarmed patient ? Setting realistic expectations on recovery and avoiding needless imaging helps saves the system thousands of dollars . My reward is another $ 55 . How many diabetics do I struggle with , trying to get them to take better care of themselves ? How many hours have I spent with teenage diabetics who will not check their blood sugar and forget half of their insulin doses ? Hundreds of hours seem wasted until one day they open their eyes and want to take care of themselves . My reward for years of struggle is a few hundred dollars at best . The savings to society for my hard work and never-give-up attitude is in the tens of thousands of dollars . I am in my 22nd year in practice , now caring for 3,600 patients . Having me in the system has resulted in savings in the hundreds of thousands of dollars each and every year . My financial incentive to hang in there and work harder is that I now make less than half what I did 20 years ago . This year I will make even less . These are the reasons so many physicians have left medicine entirely and most of us who are left wonder how long can we continue to work like this ? I have always served my fellow man out of a sense of love and compassion . That 's why I went into medicine . I have been richly rewarded by my patients over the decades as they have appreciated my judgment and skills . Is n't it a shame that after all this time and with skills honed by decades of experience , many of us can no longer afford to work as a physician ? No one is talking about this on the national level . If they do n't address these issues , then good luck having physician assistants provide the safety net with two years of training . Good luck getting newly trained physicians once they see our salaries . Good luck finding internists in your community with only 1 percent of medical students going into internal medicine . Good luck recruiting primary care specialists when we are projected to be short 39,000 by 2020 , according to the American Academy of Family Physicians . And nearly half of all doctors surveyed by the Physicians ' Foundation have said that over the next three years they plan to reduce the number of patients they see or stop practicing entirely . I know this is true because I am struggling to find a primary care doctor to take care of my wife and myself . Now that is ironic . Anyone know who is taking new patients in California ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Vance Harris .	Dr. Vance Harris : Health care reform assumes doctors will be available He says primary care doctors are dropping out of the business He says he saves the system big bucks but gets only small payments Harris : My financial incentive is less than half what it was 20 years ago
CNN  -- A panel of New York National Guard officers has recommended that an Iraq war veteran who acknowledged his homosexuality must leave the service , his supporters said Tuesday . First Lt. Dan Choi , shown at a gay protest rally in May in California , disclosed in March that he was gay . First Lt. Dan Choi disclosed in March that he is gay , challenging the 1994 "  do n't ask , do n't tell " law that requires the military to discharge troops who disclose their sexual orientation . Tuesday 's ruling , made after a daylong hearing , is a step toward stripping Choi of his officer 's commission and ending his career . "  It 's disappointing , but not unexpected , " said Sue Fulton , a spokeswoman for Knights Out , a group of gay and lesbian West Point alumni Choi helped found . Fulton said the Guard 's Federal Recognition Board heard from members of Choi 's unit , his commanding officer and fellow soldiers who served in Iraq , and reviewed more than 150 letters of support for Choi , a 2003 West Point graduate and an Arab linguist . "  At the end of the day , they did not consider any of that material -LSB- to -RSB- whether he was a good soldier , " she said . "  It was solely about whether he said he was gay . " The closed-door hearing began Tuesday morning before the board , which certifies that Guard officers meet the standards of the regular Army . Its decision came after several hours of deliberation Tuesday afternoon . The hearing is considered a confidential personnel matter , and the service wo n't comment on the results , said Lt. Col. Paul Fanning , a National Guard spokesman . The board 's recommendation must be approved by the commander of the U.S. 1st Army , which oversees the National Guard and Army Reserve . But Choi 's public declaration is "  a finding of fact that the board has to deal with , " Fanning said . "  The Army has no choice but to follow through with that , " he said . More than 12,500 gays have been forced to leave the military since "  do n't ask , do n't tell " went into effect -- including dozens of Arabic speakers , people highly valued by the military since the invasion of Iraq . Choi transferred from the active-duty Army to the National Guard in June 2008 , Fanning said . He served as an infantry platoon leader in Iraq in 2006 and 2007 and , like many soldiers , had his yearlong tour of duty extended by three months . Choi served as celebrity grand marshal of the San Francisco , California , Gay Pride Parade over the weekend . He told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Monday that he is acting on "  the lessons that I learned at West Point -- honesty and courage and integrity . " "  It 's an informed decision , " he said . "  But more important than the consequences , more important than punishments or those fears that we might have , we take courage and we take those things very seriously of the values that we were taught . And it 's more important that we be honest with ourselves , we have integrity , and we have courage . " President Obama campaigned on a pledge to repeal "  do n't ask , do n't tell " and has been criticized for not moving faster on that goal since taking office in January . He told gay-rights advocates at a Monday night reception at the White House that his administration is already working with House and Senate members to get the law changed . "  It 's not for me to tell you to be patient any more than it was for others to counsel patience to African-Americans who were petitioning for equal rights a half-century ago , " Obama said . But he added , "  I do have a responsibility to see that this change is administered in a practical -- and a way that takes over the long term . " Fulton said that while Obama ca n't change the law himself , he could sign an executive order halting discharges while the policy is under review .	First Lt. Dan Choi , a West Point alum and Arab linguist , says he 's gay "  Disappointing , but not unexpected , " says supporter Sue Fulton of Guard 's decision Federal Recognition Board reviews more than 150 letters of support for Choi
LONDON , England  CNN  -- As Zimbabwe battles a cholera epidemic that has already killed hundreds , one company thinks it may have found a potential solution to the world water crisis . A shortage of clean drinking water has unleashed a cholera epidemic in Zimbabwe . Element Four , a small Canadian firm , has applied its water technology to create the WaterMill , a novel electricity-powered machine that draws moisture from the air and purifies it into clean drinkable water . The compact WaterMill , which goes on sale in the spring , is designed for household use . More crucially for countries such as Zimbabwe and the Democratic Republic of Congo , Element Four is also working on another device , the WaterWall , which could potentially supply an entire village in the developing world . The team at Element Four shares an ambitious goal : to quench the world 's growing thirst for water . Now the 10-person company is taking on a challenge that global multinationals have struggled to meet . Rick Howard , the CEO of the company , says it was at a U.N. conference on water in New York last summer that he realized just how revolutionary Element Four 's technology might be . "  There we were on the same stage as GE , Dow Chemical and Siemens , and it was a complete shock to us when we heard the solutions they were offering . We realized we had something that could effect change , " Howard tells CNN . The WaterMill draws in air through a filter and then cools it into water droplets . This water then passes through a special filter and is exposed to ultraviolet light , which rids it of bacteria . The product Element Four is designing for the developing world is called the WaterWall and is constructed by taking several of the water-making cells of the consumer appliance and hooking them up in series on a wall . The U.N. , which has declared 2005-2015 the International Decade for Water , expects 1.8 billion people to live in regions with absolute water scarcity by 2025 . It 's no wonder then that Element Four is being closely watched by the tech world . The WaterMill is being displayed at the Wired Store in New York , a temporary store the magazine opens every holiday season that showcases the future of technology . About one in five people in the world lack access to safe drinking water , and shortages pose serious health problems for much of the developing world . Lack of clean water , coupled with poor sanitation practices , can lead to outbreaks of water-borne diseases , such as cholera and dysentery , which in turn , can cause life-threatening forms of diarrhea . More than 500 people have died in Zimbabwe . Diarrheal disease is the third leading cause of death from infectious diseases , and the majority of those deaths are among children under the age of 5 , according to the WHO and UNICEF . Most of those deaths could be prevented if improvements to sanitation and drinking water were made . But can an invention like the WaterWall really help ease the world 's water shortage and help prevent health disasters like the outbreak in Zimbabwe from occurring in the future ? "  There are some brilliant inventions out there , but they are expensive and difficult to get hold of , " says Paul Jawor , an emergency water and sanitation consultant with international aid organization Doctors Without Borders . The WaterMill retails for about $ 1,300 , but Howard estimates that a pared down version -- without the bells and whistle -- for use in places like Africa would cost about $ 300 . The biggest challenge of a product like the WaterWall , Howard says , is the power consumed by the water-making cells . To counter that , the product is designed to turn on in stages so it does n't overload fragile power grids . In comparison to solutions like desalination , which can cost billions of dollars to develop , that 's cheap . "  For about $ 300 we can start saving lives . Ours is a very scalable product , " Howard says . But there are skeptics . Frank Lawson , an engineering adviser at international charity WaterAid , said the solution Element Four is devising would n't be appropriate for the charity 's projects . For one , the technology does n't work in very dry climates . The machine only functions at or above about 35 percent relative humidity levels . Furthermore , it requires an energy source . "  Our technologies have to be within the capacity of the benefiting community -- both technically and financially , " Lawson says . WaterAid uses a number of low-cost and sustainable solutions , such as rainwater harvesting and hand-dug wells , to help communities in more than 17 countries access water . But those solutions depend upon the availability of water in the area , and fresh water supplies worldwide are feeling the squeeze from population growth , pollution and climate change . Howard admits the company needs to focus on growing its business first , so it may be some time before the Element Four 's products make their way to the developing world . "  We quickly came to realize that if we did n't first build a business to perfect the product and application , then we were n't going to be able to get to a point where we could have a significant humanitarian impact , " he says . But Howard and partner Jonathan Ritchey are in various stages of discussions with several humanitarian groups in the field . Howard declined to name the organizations . It 's early , but the company 's core principle is "  to do good as we do well , " he says . "  That 's part of truly what drives us -- knowing that at some point we will be able to do some significant good . "	Element Four has developed a machine that creates clean water out of air Growth of water use has been outpacing the rate of population increase Shortages of clean water pose health challenges in the developing world Zimbabwe 's water crisis has unleashed a devastating cholera epidemic
CNN  -- The two boys abducted by their parents and taken to Cuba were "  well cared for " on their trip , their grandmother told reporters . The children , Chase and Cole , do n't know they were abducted , Patricia Hauser said . All they know is they were on an "  adventure , " she said Thursday . The boys -- 2 and 4 -- appeared in front of reporters after Hauser spoke , smiling and showing off toys . "  We have not asked the boys anything about the journey . We are just letting them tell us as things come out if they feel like talking , " said Hauser , who along with her husband was given legal custody of the children April 2 . Police say their father , Josh Hakken , broke into the home where the boys were living with their grandparents a day later , tying up their grandmother before whisking the two children away . Authorities say they traveled to Cuba on a sailboat . Authorities reunited the boys with Hauser and her husband on Wednesday after Cuban authorities turned the parents and the children over to U.S. officials . Boys reunite with grandparents Hauser thanked U.S. State Department and Cuban officials for their work to find the children and bring them back to Florida . "  They called us from Cuba and let us talk to the boys before their plane even left , " she said . "  Many tears were shed in that room from us . " She said the family would not have any more news conferences or interviews , and asked that the media and public respect their privacy . "  We are trying very hard to shield the boys from media coverage , and we want them to get back to their normal everyday schedules and just be normal carefree boys again , " she said . According to search warrant documents released Thursday by Florida authorities , Hauser told investigators that Hakken and his wife , Sharyn , had "  previously discussed suicide . " The documents , citing the boys ' grandmother , also allege the boys ' father tied her to a filing cabinet with plastic cable ties before abducting the children "  with force . " Thursday night , an attorney for the Hakkens agreed to the prosecution 's request that the Hakkens remain jailed without bond until trial . The next hearing is May 30 . The judge also appointed a public defender to represent the couple after they said they would n't be able to pay for a lawyer on their own . Later , the state attorney 's office filed formal charges against the Hakkens , including two counts of felony kidnapping . Given Florida sentencing guidelines , a conviction on the kidnapping charges could mean the Hakkens will spend the rest of their lives behind bars . Among the 11 counts , the couple was also charged with burglary , false imprisonment and child abuse . Police : Parents talked of ` journey to the Armageddon ' The circumstances leading up to the ordeal began in June when the family was staying at a hotel in Slidell , Louisiana . Responding to a call , police officers found the parents "  acting in a bizarre manner , " Slidell police said in a statement . Inside the room where the boys were , authorities found narcotics and weapons . "  They were talking about ` completing their ultimate journey ' and were traveling across the country to ` take a journey to the Armageddon , ' " police said about the parents . Louisiana authorities took the children from their parents after that incident . About two weeks later , the father showed up at a foster family home with a gun and demanded the return of the boys , Slidell police said . He fled after the foster parents called 911 . Over subsequent months , the parents "  did not participate in the system , " said Sheriff David Gee of Hillsborough County . He did not offer details . "  As a result of that , the authorities in Louisiana gave custody to the grandparents , " he said . That transfer became official on April 2 , when a Louisiana judge terminated the suspects ' parental rights . Early the next morning , Patricia Hauser told police , Josh Hakken entered her Florida home , tied her up and sped away with the children and the family dog in a silver 2009 Toyota Camry . They met up with Sharyn Hakken , sheriff 's investigators said , and eventually ended up on a 25-foot sailboat named Salty . The boat 's seller later tipped off authorities after word got out about the alleged abduction . It was at the Hemingway Marina just west of Havana , on Tuesday , that CNN found the family -- hunkered inside the boat , under the watch of Cuban security forces . That morning , U.S. officials in Havana told CNN that they were afraid the children could be in danger from their parents . Armed Cuban security agents watched over the family most of the day until the parents and children were led away peacefully that afternoon . Boys ` fine , happy and sleepy ' on return to U.S. Cuba and the United States are divided by far more than the Straits of Florida . But this week , U.S. officials repeatedly expressed their appreciation for the Cuban government 's "  extensive cooperation . " The Cuban Foreign Ministry said the boat pulled into the marina in bad weather Sunday . The two governments shared information , which led to the return of the family and their dog to the United States . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann , Kim Segal and John Zarrella contributed to this report .	NEW : The next hearing for the couple is set for May 30 Josh and Sharyn Hakken are accused of abducting the boys and taking them to Cuba The boys thought they were on an adventure , their grandmother says Prosecutors file 11 charges against the parents , including kidnapping and child abuse
Saariselka , Finland  CNN  -- It has been a long and cold winter in Europe . You might think an invitation to spend a weekend in Northern Finland with more icy weather would be the last thing anyone would have wanted . Not a bit of it . When the invitation came to attend the Lapland Retreat deep in the Arctic Circle I jumped at the chance . Finland 's PM Jyrki Katainen and Europe minister Alex Stubb , host the retreat and this year invited the prime ministers of Denmark , Croatia and Latvia , along with the president of Estonia , the deputy PM of Turkey and the Europe minister from Ireland . Several more including a member of the ECB and ministers from Spain and Portugal pulled out at the last moment . This is an eclectic group of countries : two hardline EU members ,  Finland and Denmark  , a country about to join in July  Croatia  , one in the middle of a bailout  Ireland  and one on the outside wanting to join but so far spurned  Turkey  . Read Quest : Cypriot disastrous decision The idea was to avoid being bogged down in the crises du jour , this year , Cyprus . Rather , think Big Thoughts about the future of Europe while wearing slippers , wrapped up in blankets in a remote log cabin . It is a quixotic goal since the very future of Europe depends on its ability , or failure , to handle crises , such as Cyprus ; which frankly it has spectacularly failed to do . The metaphors were everywhere . The reindeer at the welcome family photocall managed to poop all over the ground , which was quickly shovelled over with fresh white snow in time for the pictures ... like the euro crises , covered up but still smouldering underneath . Looking at the reindeers antlers was imaging leaders impaled on the horns of euro-dilemmas . Freezing European economies . Icy conditions . Oh I could go on . Read Quest : Cyprus bailout is nothing more than usual Euro nonsense It was striking how strident these leaders were about what needs to be done . "  Austerity with growth , " said Finland 's prime minister , in other words , just as his country has done . Finland incidentally has just had a tax-raising budget , cutting spending but still managing to lower corporation tax . It can be done , came the satisfied shrill from the north . "  Follow the rules , " said Denmark 's Helle Thorning-Schmidt . She returned to the theme again and again . If countries had done what they were supposed to do , we would n't be in the mess we are . Whatever sympathy there may be for the people of Cyprus froze like the lakes outside when they spoke of the Cyprus banking system . Sobriquets such as "  unique , " "  unusual , " "  unprecedented " were used when what they wanted to say was "  out-of-control-Wild-West-money-laundering banking-industry . " Oh yes , with Russian money  you can always rely on the Finns to put the boot in , ever so politely , to Russia  . Read Quest : U.S. economy to dominate Davos 2013 The Finnish PM rejected the idea he was a hardliner  he is  preferring to call himself a pragmatist . The difference matters not . Finland is one of those countries , along with Germany , that has had enough of bailouts . Alex Stubb , its Europe minister , made clear the future for European rescues is bailing in with investors ' money not bailing out with Finland 's taxpayer cash . Attending the Lapland retreat was fascinating . Not because of the reindeer I ate  it really is a delicious meat  or because the snow this far north is , well , really white . But because I got to see leaders at their most honest : all the PMs had taken their own hard decisions , for instance Croatia preparing for euro membership and terrified about Italy 's chaotic economy on its doorstep ; Estonia , dealing with multi-year recession ; Finland with its own anti-Europe factions . So they have had enough . They want the 27 member countries to get on with it . Sort it out . Deal with it . Concentrate on issues like digital single market , growth . The only problem , everyone says , is that change comes as quickly as a Lapland thaw . Just as with the reindeer poop , which as far as I know is still there , covered up , like the euro crises .	Finland 's political leaders held an informal summit in Saariselka , Lapland this weekend Policy-makers from Spain and Portugal pulled out at the last minute Quest : Retreat was an opportunity to see leaders "  at their most honest "
America 's food police are patrolling and arresting suspicious French dairy products , which are either delicious cheese or a bacteria-laden menace . You decide . The Los Angeles Times reports that Food and Drug Administration rules could effectively ban age-old recipes for cheeses like Roquefort , St. Nectaire , Morbier and Tomme de Savoie . According to Washington 's Righteous Cheese shop manager , Peter McNamara , imported soft cheeses of all kinds are especially hard to come by . "  There 's a lot of confusion  over the rules  ... getting hold of any soft cheese is really a pain , " McNamara said . The FDA says it is not aware of a cheese shortage . The food safety agency 's concern is with the cheeses ' two main ingredients : raw milk and bacteria . Too bad for foodies , the FDA does n't care that bacteria makes cheese . Since bacteria like E. coli and listeria kill people , all bacteria must be bad , right ? Well , the problem is our bodies are teeming with bacteria , even the dreaded E. coli , according to the World Health Organization . Although we have plenty of non-toxigenic E. coli in our intestines , the toxic kind kills . The FDA is testing for all kinds and giving out failing grades to cheeses that had too much of the non-toxigenic E. coli as well . While non-toxigenic E. coli wo n't kill consumers , if a food production facility has it on the food , the FDA , after a long review process , determines it must be filthy . According to FDA spokeswoman Lauren Sucher , "  The current level is in line with standards around the world , and FDA expects that properly manufactured milk products , whether made from raw milk or pasteurized milk , should not be affected . " Presumably France does not agree . In this case , the FDA made a new rule in 2010 to reduce the amount of allowable E. coli by 90 % . But field officers had n't been enforcing it until recently , according to the American Cheese Society 's executive director , Nora Weiser . The fact that the French producers of Roquefort can trace their production lineage back a millennium does n't seem to matter to the FDA . Earlier this year , the FDA similarly proposed banning wood-board aged cheeses because of bacteria . It later backed off . French cheese makers are n't the only ones on the front lines of the FDA 's war on raw milk . The FDA also has launched raids of Amish farms to wipe out the scourge of raw milk .	FDA rules target bacteria in French cheese The bad kind of E. coli bacteria is the culprit There is confusion over the rules , says a cheese shop manager
San Diego  CNN  -- In November 2008 , after an ugly campaign that stirred emotions and split families along generational lines , California voters narrowly approved Proposition 8 . The ballot initiative defined marriage as between a man and a woman and banned same-sex marriage in the Golden State . Now , as the Supreme Court hears arguments from those challenging the law 's constitutionality , we Californians have a message for the rest of the country : "  Oops . Never mind . " A new Field Poll , released at the end of February , provides the evidence of what many of us here on the left coast have been sensing over the last 4 1/2 years : When it comes to same-sex marriage , many California voters want a do-over . The survey shows that 61 % of California voters now approve of it , with 32 % opposed . The "  pro " figure represents a big jump from 2008 when the Field Poll showed that 51 % of California voters approved of same sex-marriage . It 's part of what has been a gradual march toward greater public acceptance of same-sex marriage in a state that has struggled with this issue like no other in recent memory . I know this struggle . I went through it myself . Thirteen years ago , I opposed same-sex marriage and supported the watered-down alternative -- civil unions . As a practical matter , I thought activists should focus on things such as a federal civil rights bill outlawing private-sector discrimination due to sexual orientation . Then a gay family member helped me see the light . I now understand that we ca n't have a two-tiered system , where some of us enjoy the right to marry and our brothers and sisters and cousins do n't , based solely on sexual orientation . Opinion : Straight marriage is the real issue California 's struggle started about the same time . In 2000 , another ballot initiative -- Proposition 22 , which defined marriage as between a man and a woman -- was approved by 61 % of California voters . Note that this is the same percentage that , in the current Field Poll , says they now support same-sex marriage . A lot can happen in 13 years . A state can turn itself inside out in 13 years . When the California Supreme Court struck down Proposition 22 as inconsistent with the state constitution , opponents of gay marriage got crafty and proposed another initiative -- Proposition 8 , which went so far as to amend the state constitution to ban same-sex marriage . California voters approved the measure , 52 % to 48 % -- and in doing so , betrayed their own liberal reputation . Share your reaction to the arguments Think of the irony . On the very same day that a majority of voters in this dark blue state voted for the nation 's first African-American president , a majority also approved a ballot initiative that winked at bigotry . Worse , supporters of the measure included a majority of Hispanic and African-American voters . They 're no stranger to discrimination , and so they should know better . Maybe many of these voters of color got swept up in the same wave of fear and ignorance that swept across the rest of the state 's population . I live in California , and so I saw it all play out . It was n't pretty . For instance , there were , in the final days of the campaign , a despicable series of "  Yes on 8 " radio and television ads that took full advantage of bigotry 's old buddy -- fear . One of the main messages behind these ads was that , if same-sex marriage were legal , it would somehow creep its way into the public schools through the curriculum . Opinion : The real ` modern family ' in America I remember one television ad that showed a little girl who hurried home from school and excitedly told her mother that she was reading a book about a prince who did n't marry a princess because he settled on marrying another prince . And so , she said with a big smile , when she grew up , she could marry a princess . The mother reacted with a panicked look . The spot did not make clear that California parents have the right to be notified if sexually explicit material is being taught and to pull their children out of class if they choose . Those are the facts . But , as we have learned time and again , fear does n't listen to facts . But the good news is that fear usually loses its strength over time . And that is what happened here . And it happened here , across the board . In the new Field Poll for California , 64 % of African-Americans and Asian-Americans and 56 % of Hispanics now support same-sex marriage . No one can say definitively why the numbers have shifted in California . But the change of heart does seem to mirror a national trend where -- as more Americans discover or acknowledge that they have gays and lesbians among their friends and family -- their attitude toward same-sex marriage seems to be softening . A new CNN/ORC International Survey found evidence of something that analysts are calling the "  Rob Portman effect , " in reference to the Republican senator from Ohio who changed his position on same-sex marriage after learning his son is gay . In the poll , 57 % of Americans now say that they have a family member or close friend who is gay or lesbian . That 's a 12-point gain since 2007 . Meanwhile , over that same time period , the number of Americans who support same-sex marriage has gone up by almost exactly the same percentage . Opinion : Our journey with the Clintons on gay rights This is either one heck of a coincidence or evidence that people come to support same-sex marriage as the issue begins to hit closer to home and they become aware that someone they care about is gay or lesbian . Whatever is causing the shift , in California and throughout the United States , let 's be thankful for it . The Supreme Court will be taking a close look at California 's Proposition 8 , and it is expected to hand down its ruling in June . Speaking of this issue being close to home for many of us , among those attending the arguments will be Chief Justice John Roberts ' lesbian cousin who lives in California . But , frankly , whatever the high court decides is n't all that important anymore . Because , closer to home , many Californians have already admitted their mistake . And soon , they 'll be looking for a way to correct it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : California voted in 2008 to ban same-sex marriage Proposition 8 backers used fear to make their case against it , he says Many Americans have shifted , seeing that their friends , loved ones include gays Navarrette : Today Californians would vote in favor of same-sex marriage
CNN  -- Before Sheldon Bruck told his orthodox Jewish parents he was gay , the teenager looked for a way out of homosexuality . His search led him to JONAH -- Jews Offering New Alternatives for Healing -- which claimed on its website to help people "  struggling with unwanted same-sex sexual attractions . " JONAH co-director Arthur Goldberg promised Bruck , then 17 , that "  JONAH could help him change his orientation from gay to straight , " according to a consumer fraud lawsuit filed Tuesday against JONAH , Goldberg and a JONAH counselor . "  This is the first time that plaintiffs have sought to hold conversion therapists liable in a court of law , " said Samuel Wolfe , a lawyer with the Southern Poverty Law Center . ` Gay cure ' therapists , ` cured ' student sue California over new law The defendants did not respond to CNN calls and e-mails for comment on the lawsuit , which was filed in Hudson County , New Jersey , Superior Court . A page on the organization 's website touts success stories from the program with letters from past participants and their family members . Bruck and three male plaintiffs contend they were defrauded by JONAH 's claim that "  being gay is a mental disorder " that could be reversed by conversion therapy -- "  a position rejected by the American Psychiatric Association four decades ago , " the lawsuit said . The therapy , which can cost up to $ 10,000 a year , put them at risk of "  depression , anxiety and self-destructive behavior , " while giving them no benefits , the suit said . Jo Bruck , Sheldon 's mother , and Bella Levin , the mother of plaintiff Chaim Levin , are also plaintiffs because they paid for their sons ' conversion therapy and the counseling the suit said they needed to recover from it . The conversion therapy techniques included having them strip naked in group sessions , cuddling and intimate holding of others of the same-sex , violently beating an effigy of their mothers with a tennis racket , visiting bath houses "  in order to be nude with father figures , " and being "  subjected to ridicule as ` faggots ' and ` homos ' in mock locker room scenarios , " the suit said . "  As long as you put in the effort , you 're going to change , " Goldberg told Bruck in the summer of 2009 , the lawsuit said . JONAH counselor Thaddeus Heffner blamed Bruck 's gay orientation "  on Bruck for not working hard enough to change , on his father for being too distant , and on his mother for being too close to him , " the suit said . California governor OKs ban on gay conversion therapy , calling it ` quackery ' Bruck quit after five sessions , delivered through an online video link , because he "  experienced deepening depression and anxiety leading to suicidal ideation and feelings of hopelessness about his life , " the suit said . Heffner angrily warned Bruck that he was "  making a big mistake " and "  throwing  his  life away " by "  giving into  his  desires " and that he would "  never lead a happy life , " but would "  lead a life of unhappiness in that unhealthy lifestyle , " the suit said . Chaim Levin , also an orthodox Jew , was about to turn 17 in 2007 when he talked to his parents about his sexual orientation and sexual abuse when he was younger . A rabbi in his Brooklyn , New York , community suggested to his parents that they enroll him in JONAH 's program . "  You can change if you just try hard enough , " the suit said Goldberg told him . "  You just need to work really hard , we are experts at this . We have helped so many people . " Levin attended weekly sessions for 18 months at JONAH 's Jersey City , New Jersey , headquarters conducted by Alan Downing , an unlicensed JONAH counselor who calls himself a "  life coach , " the suit said . Downing is named as a defendant in the case . "  I was manipulated into believing that I could change my sexual orientation , but instead I was subjected to terrible abuse that mirrored the traumatic assault that I experienced as a young person , " Levin said at a news conference Tuesday . " What I can tell you is that conversion therapy does not work . My family and I have wasted thousands of dollars and many hours on this scam . " The lawsuit described what happened in one of those sessions in October 2008 with Levin , who was 18 at the time . "  Downing initiated a discussion about Levin 's body and instructed Levin to stand in front of a full-length mirror and hold a staff , " the suit said . "  Downing directed Levin to say one negative thing about himself , remove an article of clothing , then repeat the process . Although Levin protested and expressed discomfort , at Downing 's insistence , Levin submitted and continued until he was fully naked . Downing then instructed Levin to touch his penis and then his buttocks . Levin , unsure what to do but trusting in and relying on Downing , followed the instructions , upon which Downing said ` good ' and the session ended . " Two other plaintiffs -- Benjamin Unger and Michael Ferguson -- described similar incidents in the suit . "  On one occasion , Downing instructed Unger to beat an effigy of his mother with a tennis racket , as though killing her , and encouraged Unger to scream at his mother while beating her effigy , " the suit said . "  Conversion therapy was , in Unger 's experience , ` psychological abuse , ' " it said . "  By the time he terminated sessions with JONAH , he was deeply depressed and had commenced taking antidepressant medications . " Downing "  picked apart every human emotion and childhood disappointment " of Unger , to present them as treatable origins of Unger 's orientation , the suit said . "  I watched as grown men were frenzied into fits of emotional rage against their mothers and encouraged to act out physical violence against their parents in order to access their so-called true manhood and become more heterosexual , " Ferguson told reporters Tuesday . Unger 's ability to have physical and emotional relationships with men was impaired and he was unable to work for a year , the suit said . Bruck , Levin , Unger and Ferguson are "  adjusting well " four years after their last conversion therapy treatments , according to Wolfe . "  They have had time to get on with their lives , " he said . Their lawsuit should put all conversion therapists on notice that they can be held accountable , Wolfe said . The SPLC has identified 70 conversion therapy providers across the United States . A California law signed by Gov. Jerry Brown last month made it illegal for licensed counselors to use the therapy with clients under 18 . "  We really want to bring this lawsuit to bring attention to this practice that takes place in many parts of the country , preying on vulnerable young people , " Wolfe said . Opinion : Oops , I left my sexual orientation at home	Therapy put gay teens at risk of "  depression , anxiety and self-destructive behavior , " suit says JONAH center claims to help people "  struggling with unwanted same-sex sexual attractions " Lawsuit contends therapists made false promises to turn gay teens straight Lawyer : "  This is the first time that plaintiffs have sought to hold conversion therapists liable "
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton got herself into a frenzy of controversy as a result of an interview with The Atlantic in which she took some shots at President Obama 's foreign policy . Clinton said that "  Do n't do stupid stuff , " an infamous off-the-record quote from the President , did n't cut it as an "  organizing " principle in foreign policy . Although she had been relatively silent about her differences with the Commander in Chief , her comments triggered a firestorm from liberal Democrats who felt that this sounded like the same old Clinton , the politician who they had so disliked in 2008 . President Obama 's supporters fired back . David Axelrod rebuked Hillary through a tweet : "  Just to clarify , " he wrote , reminding people of her infamous vote authorizing the use of force in Iraq , "  Do n't do stupid stuff ' means stuff like occupying Iraq in the first place , which was a tragically bad decision . " Hillary called Obama to apologize for any harm her interview might have done the President and both attended a party in Martha 's Vineyard , where Obama was having what CNN commentator Jeffrey Toobin called his "  vacation from hell . " It 's not known if they did indeed "  hug it out , " as predicted . All of this comes at a moment that Clinton is trying to regain her footing following the difficult roll-out of her book , "  Hard Choices , " during which she made a number of comments , such as saying that she and her husband were "  dead broke " upon leaving the White House , that offered fodder for her critics . Also , her lead in the polls over GOP rivals has narrowed . Opinion : Clinton , Obama both wrong The most recent controversy over her differences with President Obama immediately sparked familiar concerns -- can Hillary Clinton win over the liberals in her party so that "  the base " comes out in November 2016 , should she decide to run ? Can she prevent a primary challenge from a candidate like Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren who stands closer to the left 's position on many issues ? The tension between Hillary Clinton and the Democratic base is nothing new . Indeed , both Hillary and Bill Clinton have always been at odds with the more liberal members of their party as they have been insistent on crafting a more coalitional approach to winning elections . Back when he ran for president in 1992 , Bill Clinton infuriated liberals with his "  Sister Souljah moment " when he made disparaging remarks about the activist at a conference of Jesse Jackson 's Rainbow coalition . During his presidency , his support for certain kinds of deregulation and market-based approaches to public policy , as well as decision to end the federal welfare program , generated considerable heat from stalwarts in the party . Hillary Clinton has made similar moves , particularly when she served as senator from New York and worked hard to build bipartisan coalitions . Most famously , her vote to authorize the use of force in Iraq in 2002 became a symbol of her alliance with the centrist wing of the party . Hillary Clinton wo n't be able to remake herself into something that she is not . Trying to reinvent herself as part of a presidential run just wo n't work . When Vice President Al Gore sought to do this in 2000 , his speeches fell flat . And Hillary Clinton 's extensive record in public office leaves too much of a paper trail for her to pretend to be someone else . Instead , Clinton needs to make a compelling argument to the Democratic base about why she , as opposed to any other member of her party , is the best choice to run for president . The most important argument that she will bring to the table is that she can be a fierce and aggressive partisan fighter . Following eight years when many Democrats feel that they have watched President Obama get beat up by Republicans on Capitol Hill , Democrats are going to want someone who can fight and fight hard . Ever since her famous statements about the "  right-wing conspiracy " that aimed to bring down her husband , Clinton has demonstrated repeatedly that she has the stomach for the kind of brutal partisan warfare that defines Washington . While Democrats in 2008 were still looking for someone who could break through the bipartisan noise , now they are searching for a politician who can accept the reality of Washington and take on their opponents by flexing their partisan muscle rather than avoiding it . Clinton 's emerging platform about economic inequality is also one that all Democrats should be able to embrace . In recent months , Hillary Clinton has been telling audiences and reporters that if she ran , fighting inequality would be the major theme of her campaign . The inability and unwillingness of the nation 's leaders to address this issue has been one of the greatest sources of frustration for liberals . Both on ethical grounds -- meaning that the current economic situation is not something Americans should tolerate -- as well as for partisan considerations -- meaning Democrats have traditionally been the party that has been associated with taking on this problem -- the time is ripe for an agenda centered on this theme . If Clinton is as serious about the issue of inequality as she sounds in recent speeches -- such as the one she made to the New America Foundation where she promised that this would be her main focus in the coming years -- her embrace of the issue could blur divisions between her and some of her critics . She can continue to use this theme to highlight to the left and center that they have much more in common than their bickering suggests , especially in contrast to the Republican agenda . Gender inequality has also been an issue that keeps getting pushed to the sidelines . Although the government has made some progress on issues like gender discrimination in employment and pay equity , Hillary Clinton is a candidate who has been deeply committed to these issues throughout her career and who could promise to go much further than any president has before her . The rights of women and girls around the world is "  the great unfinished business of the 21st century , " she said at the Women in the World summit in 2013 . Her victory in itself would be inspirational to the cause of gender equality , a watershed moment just like the election of the first African-American as president . While much of the left-center debate has revolved around how to deal with the power of Wall Street or how to use military power , gender equality can also serve as an issue to bridge the left and center . Opinion : Clinton dances between loyalty and self-interest Finally , Hillary Clinton will need to talk more about the importance of internationalism to her foreign policy agenda as a way to highlight to the base that she is more than simply a "  hawk . " One of the great questions that came out of the Bush years was how much the United States should work in international alliances to pursue its goals . For the Bush administration , unilateralism was legitimate . Obama inspired many followers by insisting on a different way . As New York Times columnist Ross Douthat said about his policies in Libya in 2011 , when Clinton was secretary of state , "  the Obama White House has shown exquisite deference to the very international institutions and foreign governments that the Bush administration either steamrolled or ignored . " He has not always lived up to those goals , as has been evident with the use of drone airstrikes . Regardless , overall the Obama administration and Hillary Clinton did stick to an internationalist strategy and she can make a commitment to this approach as a defining aspect of her vision . In the Washington Post , Aaron David Miller explained why foreign policy would not have been that different had Clinton won the presidency in 2008 . Surveying all the hot button issues , such as Israel and Syria , he finds that the differences between them are exaggerated : "  They both are transactors , not ideological transformers  $ " smart , pragmatic centrists largely coloring inside the lines in a world of long shots and bad options . In other words , there 's no need for them to ` hug it out ' on foreign policy . Both parties have often succeeded when politicians find issues that can unite the different wings of their party . Historian Meg Jacobs  full disclosure : my wife  has shown that Franklin Roosevelt -- without remaking himself into a far-left Democrat -- championed policies to boost the purchasing power of industrial workers as an issue that could bring together the party . During the 1960s , LBJ did the same with health care for the elderly , while Ronald Reagan used tax cuts and anti-communism to achieve these goals in the 1980s . George W. Bush achieved a similar effect with the fight against terrorism following 9/11 . Making peace with the Democratic base will be one of Hillary Clinton 's greatest challenges if she is going to run for the presidency . Without trying to be someone she is not , Clinton must figure out how to make the case that the Democratic Party can stand united behind her . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Hillary Clinton had to backtrack a bit on comments critical of Obama foreign policy Julian Zelizer : Hillary has had difficulty with the left , but can make strong arguments for 2016 Democrats will want someone , like Hillary , who can be a strong force vs. Republicans , he says
How cute was our universe as a baby ? We now know better than ever : The picture of our early universe just got sharper and tells scientists with greater precision many important facts about how the universe evolved . This new photogenic moment , released Thursday , comes courtesy of the European Space Agency 's Planck space telescope , which detects cosmic microwave background radiation -- the light left over from the Big Bang . Scientists used data from Planck to create an artificially colored map of temperature variations across the sky in the early universe , in more detail than ever before . "  It 's a big deal , " said Charles Lawrence , Planck project scientist at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , in a news briefing . He added , "  We can tie together a whole range of phenomena that could n't be tied together so well before , and the sum total of that , the impact , is felt in many , many ways . " The light is technically from 380,000 years after the Big Bang , but that 's still infancy when you consider that , according to the new data , the age of the universe is about 13.8 billion years . "  By the matching observations from Planck to predictions from models , we can assemble a surprisingly detailed picture of the universe as it was one nano-nano-nano-nanosecond after the Big Bang , " said Marc Kamionkowski , professor of physics and astronomy at John Hopkins University . Kamionkowski compared the Planck map to the Human Genome Project in terms of its importance for cosmology . After analyzing the new data , scientists now believe that the universe is about 100 million years older than they thought . The universe 's light started out as a white hot glow and would have been blindingly bright if anyone had been around to see it , Lawrence said . But since the Big Bang , that hot light has cooled significantly , and the universe itself has expanded by a factor of 1,100 . The light has cooled so much that we ca n't see it , but Planck can detect subtle variations in temperature , which give scientists a wealth of information . By subtle , we mean about one-hundred-millionth of a degree . The colors in the temperature map image that scientists released Thursday were arbitrarily chosen to show these intensity variations , Lawrence said . Red means a little bit warmer than average , blue means cooler than average , and white is average . Planck data also suggest that our universe has more dark matter than previously thought . A full 26.8 % appears to be dark matter , an invisible phenomenon that scientists have only been able to detect indirectly ; experiments both in space and at the Large Hadron Collider are hoping to pin it down . How particle smasher and space telescopes relate It appears that ordinary matter -- all of the stuff that we can see , such as planets and stars -- makes up only 4.9 % of all the universe . The rest of the universe is an even more mysterious phenomenon called dark energy , which has also never been detected and appears to be in less abundance than researchers thought . Scientists said the rate at which the universe is expanding , based on these observations , is 67.15 kilometers per second per megaparsec , a unit of vast distance in space  1 megaparsec = 3.3 million light years  . That 's significantly less than what had been calculated previously  73.8 km/sec/Mpc  . This number , known as the Hubble constant , describes the acceleration of the stretching of spacetime . The discrepancy between these Hubble constants will likely attract a lot of attention in the scientific community and is one of the most exciting parts of the new data , said Martin White , a scientist with the Planck mission based at the University of California , Berkeley . "  The hope would be that this is actually pointing toward some deficiency in the models , or some extra physics that we 're not aware of , and maybe spark a whole new research direction , " White said . One theory that could be explored is that the nature of dark energy , which scientists think is causing the accelerated expansion of the universe , is different from the simplest human-calculated models . Is dark energy increasing with time over some volume of space ? That 's a radical theory , though , White said , and there are other possibilities . Another anomaly of these results is that temperature fluctuations are not uniform across the sky map . There are more variations in one direction than in another . "  Perhaps we could say that our universe has thrown us a curve ball , and it rarely fails to surprise us , " said Krzysztof Gorski , Planck scientist at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory . Scientists ran 10 million computer simulations and chose from among them the best match to the new data , White said . Out of those , they found a good match describing important statistics about the universe . The Planck telescope is aboard a spacecraft that launched in May 2009 . It is not circling the Earth but orbits a point in the Sun-Earth system called the second Lagrange point . The Planck mission helps to nail down many of the parameters that other experiments must know to explore aspects of the universe , such as its expansion history , White said . New analyses are based on the first 15.5 months of data from this mission , which is run principally by the European Space Agency . NASA is a partner of the project . Planck represents the third generation of attempts to map the cosmic microwave background . The first was COBE , launched in 1989 , followed by WMAP , launched in 2001 . Comparing the resulting maps shows just how much better the maps have gotten with each successive satellite . "  This is a beautiful illustration of how science works , " Lawrence said . "  Make a measurement , learn from it , make a better measurement , learn from it . " More space and science news from CNN Light Years	New images from a space telescope allow scientists to map how the universe evolved Planck space telescope shows with better-than-ever precision first light of universe The light is technically from 380,000 years after the Big Bang New data suggest universe is 100 million years older than scientists thought
CNN  -- The hanging of an Iranian woman , convicted of murder in a killing that human rights groups called self-defense against her rapist , has been delayed for 10 days , according to Amnesty International . Reyhaneh Jabbari , 26 , was sentenced to death for the 2007 killing of Morteza Abdolali Sarbandi , a former employee of Iran 's Ministry of Intelligence and Security . The United Nations ' Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights says that the killing was an act of self-defense against a rapist and that Jabbari never received a fair trial . On Wednesday , Amnesty International said in a statement that Jabbari had been transferred to a prison where , according to a message from her mother on Facebook , she was set to be executed on September 30 . But at the last minute , the execution was delayed for 10 days , the rights group said , "  possibly in response to the public outcry after her mother 's post about her scheduled execution . " In the post , Jabbari 's mother wrote that she could "  collect the body " after the execution . Amnesty International said Jabbari was convicted of murder after "  a flawed investigation and unfair trial . " The United Nations and international human rights groups have taken up Jabbari 's cause . A Facebook page dedicated to saving Jabbari from execution has been created , with more than 14,000 likes . The U.N. has said Sarbandi hired Jabbari -- then a 19-year-old interior designer -- to work on his office . Jabbari stabbed Sarbandi after he sexually assaulted her , the U.N. has said . Jabbari was held in solitary confinement without access to her lawyer and family for two months , Amnesty International said in a statement . She was tortured during that time . "  Amnesty International understands that , at the outset of the investigation , Reyhaneh Jabbari admitted to stabbing the man once in the back , but claimed she had done so after he had tried to sexually abuse her , " the rights group said . "  She also maintained that a third person in the house had been involved in the killing . These claims , if proven , could exonerate her but are believed never to have been properly investigated , raising many questions about the circumstances of the killing . " The family of Sarbandi could forgive his killer and agree to stay the execution , an option available under Iran 's Islamic penal code . Iranian Oscar winner Asghar Farhadi has joined scores of Iranian artists and musicians calling for a halt to the execution . In an open letter , Farhadi asked the victim 's family to pardon Jabbari . Rights groups have criticized the Islamic Republic of Iran for a surge in executions under Hassan Rouhani , in his first year as President . According to the United Nations , Iran has executed at least 170 people this year . In 2013 , Iran executed more people than any other country with the exception of China , the world 's most populous nation . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Amnesty International says the hanging of Reyhaneh Jabbari has been delayed for 10 days She was sentenced to death for the 2007 killing of a former Intelligence Ministry employee The rights group says she was the victim of sexual assault , killed attacker in self-defense It says Jabbari was convicted of murder after "  a flawed investigation and unfair trial "
PEOPLE.com  -- No stranger to performing , Pink is honing her acting chops to star as free-spirited sex addict Dede in "  Thanks for Sharing . " Pink  real name Alicia Moore  , 32 , did have a cameo in "  Charlie 's Angels Full Throttle " in 2003 and another small role in "  Catacombs " in 2007 , but this is the singer 's first leading role . Spotted filming in New York City 's West Village Tuesday , she is set to star alongside such pros as Gwenyth Paltrow , Mark Ruffalo and Tim Robbins . Her character shares a bond with "  Book of Mormon " 's Josh Gad , who , as Neil , is another of three characters undergoing 12-step treatment for sex addiction . " -LSB- Pink -RSB- could not be a more ideal fit for this role , " writer-director Stuart Blumberg said in a statement . "  She carries with her just the right combination of heart and edginess for the part of Dede , and we 're incredibly excited to share her acting talent with audiences . " Thank goodness she also looks great in leather ! See the full article at PEOPLE.com .  2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Pink is honing her acting chops to star as free-spirited sex addict Her character shares a bond with "  Book of Mormon " 's Josh Gad " -LSB- Pink -RSB- could not be a more ideal fit , " Stuart Blumberg said
CNN  I kinda hate that there 's a "  day " for everything , these days . Friday , for example , was simultaneously Love Your Pet Day , Cherry Pie Day and Handcuff Day  apparently celebrating the 1912 patenting of the "  de facto restraint of law enforcement agencies worldwide "  , according to DaysOfTheYear.com , a website I 'm embarrassed to be citing . But there 's one of these odd "  days " I feel compelled to embrace . Saturday is the fourth annual World Pangolin Day . Never heard of the pangolin ? It 's a rare , scale-covered mammal . About the size of a house cat , the notoriously shy pangolin rolls up in a ball to protect itself , like a roly-poly . It can fend off lions in this manner , but not poachers . They just pluck these critters out of the jungle and toss them into sacks . Pangolin meat and scales are quite valuable on the black market . So much so that the pangolin is thought to be the most trafficked mammal in the world . If any creature needs the publicity a "  day " can provide , it 's the pangolin . I traveled to Vietnam and Indonesia last year to document the illegal pangolin trade for a story CNN.com readers commissioned as part of my Change the List series . I 'd never heard of the pangolin when I started reporting that piece , but I 've got a soft spot for these creatures now . I 'll be among the hopefully hundreds or thousands of people around the world on Saturday who will do just some little thing to honor these introverted underdogs -- and to try to help protect them by bringing them a little more celebrity . I 've argued the pangolin needs a PR campaign to survive , and World Pangolin Day is just the kind of effort that could help ensure their continued existence . With that in mind , here are seven ways you can celebrate with me : There are soooooo many to choose from . Here are three of my favorites : A CNN.com reader made the music video above . More on him here . My conversation with that "  Honey Badger " dude on his pangolin obsession . I guess this is supposed to be kinda like the Ice Bucket Challenge ? A group calling itself Pump It for Pangolins is encouraging Facebook users to post videos of themselves doing 21 crunches in honor of World Pangolin Day . You can share videos on the group 's Facebook page or by tagging it #pumpit4pangolins . The goal is to raise money for pangolin conservation . I think the crunches are supposed to simulate the way the pangolin rolls up in a ball when it feels threatened . But these odd videos remind me of the way a pangolin in Vietnam ab-crushed my arm when a researcher asked me to hold the animal . "  This animal must have the abs of Pink , " I wrote at the time . Here 's the weirdest best crunch video I found in a quick scan of the site : Donate to the WildAid campaign here China , particularly the southeastern provinces , is thought to be the world 's largest market for illegal pangolin products , Peter Knights , executive director of the nonprofit WildAid , told me in an interview this week . WildAid is planning a media campaign in China to raise awareness about the endangered pangolin , Knights said . It likely will start in June . Information is what will stop this black market , he said , adding that many Chinese people are unaware consuming pangolin is illegal -- or think that the pangolin is abundant . "  We 're trying to make it uncool to consume them , " he told me . There 's reason to believe it will work . In the two years after WildAid ran ads in China discouraging consumption of shark fin soup , consumption of shark fin soup has dropped by 50 % to 70 % , Knights said . I hope they 'll be able to do the same for the humble pangolin . And I 'd encourage you to contribute to the effort . To do so : Go to WildAid 's online donation page . In the comments on that page , write that you would like your contribution to go to the pangolin media campaign in China . Encourage friends to do the same . A number of other groups are doing fine work to raise awareness about the pangolin -- and , importantly , to rehabilitate pangolins that have been rescued from the black-market trade , especially in Vietnam . Consider a World Pangolin Day donation to these organizations : Note : The financial statements of these groups , as well as WildAid , have been vetted by CNN . Awareness helps . Read about the pangolin at SavePangolins.org or on the International Union for Conservation of Nature 's website . Share some of your favorite pangolin facts on Twitter and Facebook . World Pangolin Day organizers will be posting info and celebrations throughout the day using these hashtags : Here are a few social accounts you can follow for updates : And feel free to reuse or retweet this image : I rarely meet adults who know about pangolins -- that is , unless they have young kids . Children are so much more curious about and engaged with the natural world , and , if my friends ' kids are a barometer , a growing number of them seem to be learning about the pangolin in school . I 'd encourage you to talk with your kids about the pangolin -- see what they know and what they do n't . If your kids are little , read "  Roly Poly Pangolin " to them . Save Pangolins co-founder Keri Parker suggested kids  or adults , whatever ...  try out this pangolin coloring sheet . Parker also recommended parents make ant-shaped cookies with their children in honor of the pangolin 's ant-based diet . Whatever you do , please let me know about it ! You can leave a comment at the bottom of this page -- or shoot me a note on Twitter . I 'll retweet some of the most creative pangolin tributes .  Especially if you get a tattoo  . And thank you for caring about this awesome and underappreciated animal .	World Pangolin Day is Saturday , in honor of the endangered , scale-covered mammal John Sutter urges readers to give to groups trying to stop illegal trade in pangolin products
CNN  -- U.S. Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford took command Sunday of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan , where he will oversee the final two years of the war and the withdrawal of nearly all troops . "  Today is not about change , it 's about continuity , " Dunford said at a change-of-command ceremony in Kabul attended by his predecessor Marine Gen. John Allen and other senior NATO and Afghan officials . "  I 'll endeavor to continue the momentum of the campaign and support the people of Afghanistan as they seize the opportunity for a brighter future . " Dunford replaces Allen , whose final days as ISAF commander were marred by an investigation linked to the scandal that led to the resignation of his predecessor David Petreaus as the director of the CIA . Allen , who has been nominated as NATO 's supreme allied commander , was cleared in January of allegations he wrote potentially inappropriate emails to a Florida woman who claimed she was being threatened by Petreaus ' mistress Paula Broadwell . Allen oversaw perhaps one of the toughest periods for U.S.-led NATO troops as they battled an ever-evolving insurgency while balancing combat with diplomacy . Reports routinely emerged of prickly relations between Allen and Afghan President Hamid Karzai , who did not attend the ceremony . It not uncommon for a head of state to skip a military handover ceremony . Meanwhile , Afghan Defense Minister Bismillah Mohammadi credited Allen for a drop in civilian casualties in Afghanistan , saying it helped to restore public confidence in the government . Until Dunford 's name emerged in August as the nominee for the top job in Afghanistan , few people outside of the military community , had heard of him . Dunford has a reputation among Marines as a thoughtful , calm leader with more than 22 months under his belt of commanding troops in Iraq . The general has no real Afghanistan-ground experience . But his is not the first ISAF commander to be in that position . Before then-Army Gen. David Petreaus took over ISAF command , he had overseen the war in Afghanistan from his perch as chief of Central Command in the United States . Chief among the issues Dunford faces is an Afghan government that has , at times , been critical of NATO forces and their actions in Afghanistan . Afghan security forces , considered the key to the country 's success when troops withdraw by the end of 2014 , still have a long way to go before they are able to handle some operations without the help of the international forces . He also faces the issue of Afghanistan 's ongoing insurgency , including the attacks that continue to be carried out by Taliban militants and the Haqqani Network . But officials close to Dunford have told CNN that the general is not going into the job blind . Since August , he has been studying the history of Afghanistan as well as the military operations since the war began in 2001 , said the officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to release the information . CNN 's Mike Mount and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford replaces Gen John Allen as ISAF commander Dunford will over the final two years of the war and the withdrawal of troops Dunford assumed command during a ceremony in Kabul
CNN  -- More than 200 dinghy sailors caught in heavy weather off the coast of Northern Ireland have been accounted for and have now returned to shore , the coast guard says . A rescue operation was launched Monday after news that 87 boats were in difficulty , at Strangford Lough inlet , in County Down . Twenty people ended up in the water , 10 of whom needed medical attention , with most showing signs of hypothermia , Liam Colquhoun of the Belfast Coastguard said . "  We have now been told by our rescue units on scene that everyone has safely returned to shore and that no one is missing , " Colquhoun said . "  The weather conditions on scene have been pretty treacherous , with winds gusting up to 60 mph . " In a statement earlier , the coast guard said that it had been alerted to the situation just before 2 p.m.  1 p.m. GMT  . Two helicopters -- an RAF aircraft from Wales and an Irish coast guard helicopter -- were called to help , alongside vessels from the coast guard and Royal National Lifeboat Institution , or RNLI . Bernard Roddy , a volunteer for RNLI at the scene , told CNN that the weather had been good , but a random squall had hit , causing a large wave that overturned a number of dinghies . The East Down Yacht Club , based at Strangford Lough , is hosting the world championships for the GP14 class of sailing dinghy , with Monday the first day of racing . The boats are two-man recreational dinghies .	NEW : All involved in a mass dinghy capsizing in Northern Ireland have been accounted for NEW : 10 people needed medical treatment , most for hypothermia , the coast guard says Belfast coast guard was alerted about 1 p.m. GMT that some of the boats had capsized East Down Yacht Club at Strangford Lough is hosting GP14 dinghies championships
CNN  -- The Chinese dissident Chen Guangcheng 's daring and extraordinary escape to the U.S. embassy in Beijing has captivated the world . At first , it appeared that U.S. diplomats and the Chinese government brokered a deal that satisfied Chen and everyone involved . But now Chen says he wants to leave China , and that he feels unsafe . Has the Obama administration bungled his case ? Did President Barack Obama use people who were capable of correctly interpreting the signals in China ? Or was there a gap in translation ? Possible breakthrough for blind activist We learned earlier this week that Chen was released from the U.S. Embassy with the Chinese government 's assurance of his "  safety " and a promise to facilitate his study of law in an unspecified place outside his home province of Shandong . It sounded like a win-win solution . But those who have intimate knowledge of China and its political system had reasons to worry . In many ways , the deal was almost made to be broken , because it was based on three erroneous assumptions on the part of American officials . The first false assumption is that the Chinese government 's assurances are ironclad . To be sure , there has to be some trust among negotiators . But the Chinese government has meted out overly harsh treatment to dissidents in recent years . What confidence do we have that it will make an exception in Chen 's case ? The American trust that the Chinese government will honor its promises was misplaced , if not outright na  ve . Behind the scenes of the Chen drama Second , U.S. officials assumed the word "  safety " means the same thing for both sides . The Chinese negotiators may have had a totally different arrangement in mind when they spoke of safety . For them , Chen was "  safe " when he was confined in his home in Shandong , surrounded by armies of security guards . Third , the United States should not have thought of the case as just zealous local Shandong officials abusing their power when they confined Chen . It is hard to believe that Shandong officials did what they did to Chen , a high profile activist , without consent from above . That local officials from elsewhere will not abuse their power is hard to believe . Would Chen not be viewed as a threat to "  stability " by his handlers once he enters a Chinese university ? Some China observers have pointed out that Chen can only blame himself for insisting to stay in China as a cornerstone of the deal . They are disappointed by his change of mind . Chen certainly knows the Chinese political system the best among those involved in the negotiation . So he should have expected the threats he may face if he stays in China . But , for a blind and ill person who had just escaped from a long detention with little contact with the outside world , is n't it too much to ask that he make the most rational decision ? And how could he opt to leave China when his family was in the hands of Chinese officials who could have caused them harm ? There is no easy fix to the predicament . Taking Chen out of China would have been a good solution , but that possibility may be receding . The U.S. officials who were involved with the negotiations should have recognized the potential problems in the deal and expected the treatment that Chen would encounter after leaving the U.S. Embassy . If they are not well equipped to do so  despite the fact that some of them are ethnically Asian  , then where are their China hands ? While we do n't know how the Chen case will ultimately turn out , for the United States , it 's time to think strategically of enlisting more advisers from a new generation of China scholars . There are political scientists teaching at elite universities in the United States who are more than qualified to advise the State Department on sensitive diplomatic issues . These scholars were born and grew up in China and may have worked in the Chinese government before coming to the United States . They have expertise on Chinese politics and society that is hard to come by , because they can see things from the perspective of the Chinese . In the coming years , the United States will have more success in dealing or negotiating with China if it recruits more experts who really understand how China works . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Yang Su .	The deal the U.S. and China made over Chen Guangcheng appears to be unraveling Yang Su : Has the Obama administration bungled his case ? He says the deal was almost made to be broken because the U.S. made false assumptions Su : U.S. will have more success in negotiating with China if it recruits more Chinese experts
CNN  -- After Adele 's  rightly deserved  sweep at the Grammys last year , this year 's show is poised to be a bit less predictable . It 'll be a boys ' club on CBS Sunday with a six-way tie among Mumford & Sons , Frank Ocean , Fun. , Kanye West , Jay-Z and the Black Keys ' Dan Auerbach for lead nominee , each receiving six nods apiece . 55th annual Grammy Awards : The Nominees List In between acceptance speeches , the three-and-a-half hour ceremony will be filled with performances from Justin Timberlake , Rihanna , Bruno Mars and Sting , the Black Keys , Taylor Swift , Frank Ocean , the Lumineers , Fun. , Mumford & Sons , Dierks Bentley and Miranda Lambert , and Jack White . But when it comes down to it , there are only four categories that count as the big fish . Check out some predictions below . Who do you think will win big this weekend ? Best new artist This category is tough to call because it 's crowded with possibilities , from industry favorite Frank Ocean to do n't - count - 'em - out contenders the Lumineers and Fun . The Alabama Shakes and Hunter Hayes also scored nods here , but the prevailing sentiment is that they 're in the "  it 's just an honor to be nominated " part of the group . Both the Lumineers and Fun . have a mainstream commercial advantage over Ocean , but the "  Channel Orange " artist is beloved by critics and has had a meteoric rise this year . It 'll be a tight race , but it looks like it 's Ocean 's prize to take . Record of the year Remember that this honor extends to the production team in addition to the artist . The contenders here had some of the hottest tracks of the past year : Taylor Swift 's "  We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together , " the Black Keys ' "  Lonely Boy , " Kelly Clarkson 's "  Stronger  What Does n't Kill You  , " Gotye 's "  Somebody That I Used to Know , " Fun . 's "  We Are Young " and Frank Ocean 's "  Thinkin ' Bout You . " Ocean and Fun . are again two acts that we 'd like to think are frontrunners , but the dominating prediction is that this is really a race between Gotye and the Black Keys . If you go with what 's most popular with the listeners of Spotify , Gotye 's "  Somebody That I Used to Know " will be crowned record of the year on Sunday . Still , we 're going with "  Lonely Boy . " Song of the year Here 's where the recording academy zeroes in on songwriters , which in this case often overlap with performers . We 're looking at "  The A Team " from Ed Sheeran , "  Adorn " from Miguel , "  Call Me Maybe " from Carly Rae Jepsen , "  Stronger  What Does n't Kill You  " from Kelly Clarkson and "  We Are Young " from Fun. , with a feature spot from Janelle Mon  e. It 's an interesting mix because , as both HitFix and MTV critique , it 's a less competitive category than some of the others . Miguel 's "  Adorn " deserves the attention , and there 's no denying what a juggernaut of a single "  Call Me Maybe " continues to be . But from the lay of the land , this is Fun . 's title to lose . Album of the year It 's the biggest honor of the night , and each nominee this year would be a solid choice to win the Grammy . In competition are the Black Keys ' "  El Camino , " Fun . 's "  Some Nights , " Mumford & Sons ' "  Babel , " Frank Ocean 's "  Channel Orange " and Jack White 's "  Blunderbuss . " While White 's album was a welcomed surprise to this category , the odds are n't in his favor . Among critics , it 's coming down to Frank Ocean , the Black Keys and Mumford , with Fun . being somewhat of an outlier . One theory is that with all of the rockers in competition , they 'll cancel each other out and clear a path for Ocean . But with Mumford being the safer bet and a fantastic album to boot , all eyes are on them to win . Opinion : Do n't try to be sexy at the Grammys	The competition is tight in the major four categories at the Grammys Frank Ocean , Fun . and Mumford & Sons are expected to win top prizes The Grammy Awards will air on CBS Sunday at 8 p.m. ET
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran confirmed Tuesday the arrest of three American hikers who crossed into the country from neighboring Iraq and said they have been charged with "  illegal entry , " a semi-official news agency reported . Sarah Shourd , like the other two hikers , is a graduate of the University of California , Berkeley . The three were arrested in the western Iranian city of Marivan , Iraj Hassanzadeh , deputy governor of Kurdistan province , told the Fars News Agency . Earlier , Swiss diplomats in Iran and U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had urged Iran to provide information on the hikers . "  Obviously , we are concerned , " Clinton said . "  We want this matter brought to a resolution as soon as possible , and we call on the Iranian government to help us determine the whereabouts of the three missing Americans and return them as quickly as possible . " The three American friends -- seasoned travelers who are former students at the University of California , Berkeley -- had been hiking along with a fourth companion through parts of Iraq 's Kurdistan region last week . On Friday , the three apparently crossed the unmarked border with Iran and were detained . The fourth companion had stayed behind at a hotel in Sulaimaniya , Iraq . Peshrow Ahmed , spokesman for the security manager of Sulaimaniya , said the three had been in contact with their companion until about 1:30 p.m. Friday when they reported they were "  surrounded by Iranian soldiers . " No further communication was received . Watch the sequence of events leading to the trio 's detention " The Web site of Iran 's Arabic-language Al-alam TV , however , reported that an Iranian security source said the three Americans infiltrated into Iran 's Kurdistan province after being warned that they were close to the border . A fourth person from the group went back to Iraq , said the channel , which is linked to the country 's Revolutionary Guards . Officials at the Swiss Embassy -- which represents the U.S. interests in Iran because Washington and Tehran do not have formal relations -- said they had spoken to Iranian officials . The Swiss ambassador was expected to seek consular access to them , U.S. State Department officials said . Kurdish officials identified the detained hikers Sunday as Shane Bauer , Sarah Shourd and Joshua Fattal . The fourth hiker , Shon Meckfessel , stayed behind in Sulaimaniya , officials said . The University of California , Berkeley , confirmed Monday that Bauer , 27 , Shourd , 30 , and Fattal , 27 , were former students there , and that Meckfessel took a summer course in Arabic at the university in 2007 . Meckfessel is a graduate student at the University of Washington . "  My husband and I are eager for the best welfare and conditions for our son , Josh , and for the other two companions he 's with , " Laura Fattal of Elkins Park , Pennsylvania , told CNN Radio . "  And that is our only concern , his welfare and the best conditions for him . " Fattal graduated from Berkeley in 2004 with a bachelor 's degree in environmental economics and policy , the university said . He shared his friends ' love of travel and learning , and was described as "  fiercely intellectual " by his friend , Chris Foraker , who spoke to CNN affiliate KVAL-TV in Eugene , Oregon . Bauer , a 2007 honors graduate in peace and conflict studies , is a journalist fluent in Arabic working in North Africa and the Middle East , according to the Berkeley statement . He recently produced stories on Iraq and Syria for the San Francisco , California-based New American Media , and won a top prize at the university in 2007 for his photos of the devastation in Sudan 's Darfur region , the school said . Sandy Close , executive director of the nonprofit Pacific News Service , described Bauer -- a photographer whose material occasionally has been posted on her Web site -- as a "  gifted linguist and photographer with a wanderlust for travel and a student of Arab cultures . He 's a remarkably talented guy . " In a profile listed on a travel Web site , Shourd , a 2003 graduate with an English degree , described herself as a "  teacher-activist-writer from California currently based in the Middle East . " The Berkeley statement called her an "  aspiring journalist " who reported a story this year on the Golan Heights . Meckfessel was identified by his grandmother , who told CNN that he stayed behind because he felt sick . Meckfessel has met with an American consular official , said the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad . "  My grandson has asked me not to talk to the media , " said Irene Meckfessel of Carmichael , California , before hanging up . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro , Arwa Damon , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Susan Candiotti and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	One of three U.S. hikers is freelance journalist American hikers detained after apparently crossing into Iran All three are graduates of University of California , Berkeley They 've been charged with "  illegal entry , " semi-official Iran news agency says
In designating the al-Nusra Front as a foreign terrorist organization and an offshoot of al Qaeda in Iraq , the U.S. State Department has put flesh on the bones of its policy of discriminating between the "  bad " Syrian rebels and the "  good " ones . But the decision is getting mixed reviews in Syria . Rebels in brigades fighting around Aleppo have told CNN that the move is a miscalculation . Their argument goes something like this : "  The U.S. and the West in general have given us next to no help while we 've witnessed thousands die at the hands of Bashar al-Assad 's heavy weaponry and dominance of the skies . Read more : New head of Syrian opposition briefs European foreign ministers "  To add insult to injury , Washington has now proscribed one of the most effective fighting forces among rebel groups . We may not share al-Nusra 's worldview , but we need their organizational and battlefield experience . " This has translated into resentment and anger toward the United States on the ground , as people ask : "  Al-Nusra are terrorists , but Bashar is not ? " For the United States , the decision is part of a broader effort to support a moderate political opposition in Syria -- one that can be part of an eventual transition to a post-Assad Syria . Read more : Syrian rebels move toward unified command Without such a presence -- one that can begin to function as a government in waiting -- U.S. policy-makers fear a prolonged war of attrition that will play into the hands of more radical factions while Syria 's humanitarian crisis turns into catastrophe . Additionally there is concern among U.S. officials that groups like al-Nusra will make common cause with Sunni militants in Iraq , who would like nothing better than a sympathetic rear base across the Euphrates River . U.S. officials are making the argument that the overall affect of the designation of al-Nusra will be to minimize the group 's role in the Syrian opposition while not reducing the fighting capabilities of the rebel groups . "  Al-Nusra Front is one of many groups that are fighting the Syrian regime now , it is not the only one , " a senior administration official told reporters Tuesday in explaining the designation . "  In fact it is a minority . Its influence has grown in recent months , but it still represents the minority element within the broader armed opposition . " By the estimates of rebel commanders in Syria , al-Nusra  also known as Jabhat al-Nusra  makes up less than 10 % of the brigades fighting the regime . Most of its fighters are Syrian . Some waged jihad in Iraq before returning home , though several also spent time in the Bucca prison camp in Iraq , where hundreds of insurgents were held . There is also more than a smattering of foreign fighters in al-Nusra 's ranks -- Jordanian , Iraqi , Libyan , a few from Central Asia . U.S. officials also point out that the State Department has designated Syrian groups known as the Shabiha -- paramilitary militias controlled by the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad that have attacked and killed opponents of the al-Assad regime . "  Whether the American steps today will immediately curtail al-Nusra 's capabilities , I do n't think they know , " the senior administration official said . "  But I think that other nations that are involved in helping the armed opposition will now take more seriously our concerns about the Nusra front . " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Monday : "  We 've had concerns that al-Nusra is little more than a front for al Qaeda in Iraq who has moved some of its operations into Syria . ... We do see al Qaeda in Iraq trying to make these inroads . " Some tribal leaders in Iraqi provinces like Anbar are already thought to be funneling money and weapons to Islamist factions across the long border , and al-Nusra has been strong in areas near the Iraqi border . Read more : Syria 's chemical weapon potential : What are the health risks ? The West appears ready to accept that Islamists loyal to organizations such as the Muslim Brotherhood will be part of the post-Assad scenery . They are well represented in the new Military Council established this week , from which al-Nusra was excluded . Al-Nusra had already boycotted the new political opposition , making common cause with other militant factions . Some analysts believe that al-Nusra is too important on the battlefield , especially in attacking military bases in the Northwest , for other rebel commanders to ostracize it . In the year since al-Nusra emerged , it has carried out a number of complex and coordinated suicide bombings against high-profile regime targets and built a coherent fighting force through a thorough vetting process . By the admission of Free Syrian Army commanders on the ground , al-Nusra was instrumental in the seizure of the Sheikh Suleiman Military Academy near Aleppo this week . A reporter for Agence France-Presse in the area said many of the fighters "  were from other Arab countries and Central Asia . " At another military base , rebel commander Ali Jadlan told CNN that fighters with al-Nusra were among the three brigades laying siege to the military academy . He said they were responsible for the most dangerous area . The group has continued its offensive against the regime with a devastating series of suicide bombings -- most recently claiming responsibility for blowing up a government checkpoint in al Qusayr , and posting before and after photographs on jihadist online forums . The analysts say that only if U.S. designation of al-Nusra were followed by serious weapons supplies to the "  good " rebels might those rebels change their stance toward the group . While President Barack Obama has not ruled out the option of supplying weapons , officials say there first must be more clarity on the ground . "  For us , providing arms has to be done in a way that helps promote a political solution , " the senior administration official said . "  Until we understand how these arms promote a political solution , we do not see how provision of arms is a good idea . " Not much is known about al-Nusra 's structure or leadership , but its emir , who goes by the nom de guerre of of Abu Muhammad al-Golani , said in an audio message at the beginning of the year that its goal was to make Syria an Islamic state . The group 's propaganda frequently tells Syrians that they have been "  abandoned " by the West . The lesson of history is that revolutions tend to be won by the best organized and most ruthless , rather than the best intentioned and most reasonable . For Vladimir Lenin and the Bolsheviks , organization was as important as ideology . The Taliban swept across Afghanistan as the only coherent force in a country craving order and stability . Egypt 's revolution ended up favoring the Muslim Brotherhood as the only political organization tried and tested by decades of repression . Similarly , al-Nusra stands out among Syrian rebel groups as the most effective and disciplined . Al-Nusra has also learned from history , according to other Islamists among Syrian rebel ranks . Many of its more experienced fighters saw al Qaeda in Iraq alienate the Sunni tribes there with its vicious sectarian bloodletting . As Aaron Zelin of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy wrote in Foreign Policy last week , "  Jabhat al-Nusra seems to have learned from the mistakes of al Qaeda in Iraq : It has not attacked civilians randomly , nor has it shown wanton disregard for human life by publicizing videos showing the beheading of its enemies . " Instead , Islamist leaders in Aleppo say , it is looking to broaden its appeal and spread its fundamentalist message . Ordinary people in Aleppo complain that some FSA units mishandle or misappropriate bread distribution , and they have begun to look to Islamist groups for greater honesty in managing local affairs . One chant recently heard in Aleppo , revealingly , was this : "  We do n't want a thieving free army , we want an Islamic army . " The United States would rather see that role in the hands of the Local Coordination Committees , present in many Syrian cities since early in the uprising . Such is the undercurrent of resentment toward the United States among Syrians pummeled by nearly two years of regime attacks that designating al-Nusra may have the unintended consequence of making it more popular . Designation may also make it more attractive to foreign jihadists . According to the SITE Intelligence Group , another jihadist group , the al-Sahaba Army , has already congratulated al-Nusra for its designation , describing it as a "  great honor " and calling on other groups to rally to al-Nusra . For now , the group has no formal affiliation with al Qaeda , and according to other Islamist fighters it is probably wary of being pigeonholed as part of the group , for fear of causing a backlash among a population that historically is among the less conservative in the Arab world . One leading Islamist in Aleppo described al-Nusra as similar to jihadist groups in Iraq before they morphed into al Qaeda . So far , he said , al-Nusra has yet to receive al Qaeda 's seal of approval . The U.S. State Department thinks otherwise .	U.S. State Department has added al-Nusra Front in Syria to its list of terrorist organizations Some Syrian rebels object , saying al-Nusra 's expertise is needed in fight against regime The U.S. wants to build up a moderate political opposition for a future post-Assad Syria Al-Nusra says it wants Syria to be an Islamic state , but it 's not formally linked to al Qaeda
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When you are next in the lobby of a Westin hotel in North America , take a deep breath . It may not hit you at first , but if you 're careful you should detect a hint of geranium or a note of freesia . Branded scents of flowers are becoming a common feature in hotel lobbies The fragrance is part of the hotel chain 's attempt to elevate the senses , transform the space and , above all , create a memorable experience for its guest . Westin are not alone in this approach . Other business travel environments including business class lounges and planes are filling their air with branded scents as companies cash in on the power of smell as a marketing tool . The idea is that the sense of smell is closely linked to the part of the brain that controls both emotion and memory . In fact , three quarters of our day-to-day emotions are thought to be influenced by what we smell . Brands for decades have created logos , and relied on their repeated use to build a visual association , and with that brand loyalty and engagement . But as Simon Harrop , executive director of Brand Sense Agency  that is spearheading the concept of sensory branding  says , vision goes to the part of the brain that controls rational thought . "  This means we tend to override the signals , " he says . "  But because smell goes to the part of the brain linked to emotion , it creates a more direct and powerful response . If we can create associations with a fragrance , then it becomes a very powerful way to enhance the brand . " Using smell as a branding technique is not new . Since the 1990s , Singapore Airlines has been using its own fragrance , known as Stefan Florida Waters . Flight attendants wear it as perfume , it is blended into the hot towels served before take-off and it wafts through the cabin during the flight . As outlined in the book Brand Sense my Martin Lindstrom , also MD of Brand Sense Agency , you may not necessarily remember the smell , but as soon as you step into the aircraft it has the "  potential to kick-start a kaleidoscope of smooth , comfortable memories , all reflecting the more obvious customer service and quality efforts of the Singapore Airlines brand . " Harrop also founded The Aroma Co that specializes in providing aromatic solutions in marketing . Seven or eight years ago he worked with British Airways to develop a fragrance for seven the airline 's business class lounges . The idea was to bring "  the outdoors in " , says Harrop , through the use of smell of running water . Unfortunately , this work coincided with British Airway 's tail re-branding exercise and the smell was literally drowned out . Other smells have lingered , however . Retailers and food service companies are increasingly using it as a technique and Starwood Hotels has pumping smells into its 400 Sheraton and 125 Westin Hotels & Resorts for over 18 months . Amalie Craig , UK spokesperson for Starwood says the scent in the Westin hotels has proved a hit with guests . As a result , they have now created their own line of candles and potpourris so guests can take the smell home with them . "  Hundreds of guests asked how to purchase the scent for their home prompting a waiting list for the exclusive collection months before its debut , " she says . But for those who might have thought existing advertising techniques were sinister enough , this new multi-sensory approach may really get up your nose . Literally . Others have been concerned about the overuse of chemicals and the risk of exacerbating allergies .  Starwood says its smells are natural and hypoallergenic  . Other critics say smells are simply obtrusive . But Harrop is not deterred . This is not about bombarding people with a smell , he says . "  We are talking one or two parts of fragrance per billion molecules of air . Humans can detect tiny amount of air , so it should be done very subtly . " And after all , he adds , when you go into a business lounge it 's going to smell of something . So rather than the whiff of a take-away burger or a sweaty traveller create the emotional response , why not use something a bit more refreshing ? E-mail to a friend	Airlines and hotels use smell as a branding tool to create positive memories Creating associations with a fragrance is a powerful way to enhance the brand Starwood has been using smells since 2006 in its Sheraton and Westin Hotels
CNN  -- Eden Foods has become the new front line in the contest over religion , health care and the workplace . Eden Foods is a closely held , for-profit corporation that objects to covering contraception on religious grounds . It lost its lawsuit last October , but the ruling was stayed pending the Supreme Court 's decision on Hobby Lobby . Now , Eden Foods has a clear legal pathway to deny contraception coverage to its employees . Eden Foods , however , is in a very different business than Hobby Lobby . It sells organic products , a market that relies on educated , well-informed , urban consumers , a demographic that trends liberal . In response to the renewed attention on the Eden Foods case , defenders of the company , people who want to buy their products with a clean conscience , and the organic food stores who want to stay out of the crossfire , are all arguing that this is just a political dispute . They 're wrong . This is not just another argument between the right and the left . Instead , the situation raises complicated and competing ethical claims on which we do have to take a position . That 's not just my perspective ; it 's what Eden Foods implies as well . Michael Potter , the chairman and sole shareholder of Eden Foods , is an interesting fellow . He considers contraceptives to be "  lifestyle drugs , " links birth-control pills to Jack Daniels , and calls President Barack Obama a dictator . He is a Catholic , but rather than focusing on a religious principle , he said the government should n't be able to make him provide birth control , although his lawyer has since clarified the matter . In response to a flood of customer complaints , the company released a statement : "  Eden Foods is a principled food company . We were convinced that actions of the federal government were illegal , and so filed a formal objection . The recent Supreme Court decision confirms , at least in part , that we were correct . We realized in making our objection that it would give rise to grotesque mischaracterizations and fallacious arguments . We did not fully anticipate the degree of maliciousness and corruption that would visit us . Nevertheless , we believe we did what we should have . " Look at that language . "  Grotesque . " "  Fallacious . " "  Corruption . " Eden Foods casts itself as the righteous victim , unjustly accused , a rhetorical move particularly popular among the American Christian right wing . Even when the U.S. Supreme Court has handed them a victory , they portray themselves as victimized , although they did not respond , beyond their prepared statement , to a request I made for examples for mischaracterizations , untrue arguments , or corruption . In the meantime , some consumers are demanding their stores stop carrying Eden Foods , a complicated matter given the company 's solid niche in the market . Organic food stores have tried to resolve their dilemma by dodging the question . Whole Foods , for example , responded to a Change.org petition on Eden Foods with a statement , saying , "  Our primary consideration is whether the product 's ingredients meet our Quality Standards . " No one is questioning the quality , so Whole Foods will continue stocking the products . The Wedge , a major food co-op in Minneapolis , takes a slightly different path . They write , "  While we are disappointed by Eden Foods ' stand on this issue , The Wedge has a long-standing tradition of not engaging in boycotts that are called for political reasons . " That word "  political " rings out . Businesses are probably wise to stay out of politics much of the time , but they do stop buying products for ethical reasons . For example , when news broke about slave labor in the Asian shrimp industry , companies such as Costco and Wal-Mart acted to use their purchasing power to force change . For them , the ethics of slave labor , obviously , mandated action . I am not saying that the Eden Foods case is analogous to slave labor , but only that is reasonable to demand your grocery store respond to ethical complaints . Moreover , I base my conclusion that the issue at hand is ethical , and not political , on the statements coming from Eden Foods itself . The company is n't demanding an exemption because of politics , or because it supports one party over another , or even to save money . Instead , Eden officials claim that their position emerges out of their principles , their religious convictions , and that they are just trying to do the right thing . If we respect their claim , then we also have to respect the counter-argument . Access to birth control and the protection of women 's rights likewise emerge from core principles . We are weighing competing ethical stances . There 's a bigger context of competing claims here . Some religious people argue that their beliefs are under attack . Many women , and those concerned with gender equality , argue that the birth-control issue is just a first step toward broader conservative attempt to police female sexuality . In the meantime , five conservative Catholic men on the Supreme Court have made a ruling . Companies engaging in discriminatory practices and those who patronize them may be legally entitled to religious exemptions , but they are not exempt from the consequences of their actions . Consumers , especially in the organic food market , often choose what to buy based on ethical principles . The stores they patronize should , too . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	David Perry says an organic food producer , Eden Foods , is at center of contest over religion He says the company 's products appeal to progressives , but its policies on contraception do n't Retailers like Whole Foods have resisted calls to drop the line of products Perry : This is n't just about politics , but about ethical values
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Kenya marked the signing Friday of a new constitution expected to usher in major change , though the celebration swirled with controversy when Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir , wanted for war crimes , joined the ranks of African leaders in attendance . Al-Bashir is wanted by the International Criminal Court in The Hague , Netherlands , on allegations of war crimes and genocide in western Sudan 's Darfur region , where violence that erupted in 2003 has left at least 300,000 people dead . Kenya , a signatory to the criminal court treaty , is obligated to hand over al-Bashir . "  The Republic of Kenya has a clear obligation to cooperate with the court , " said a document filed by the court prosecutor 's office Friday , adding that the court was informing the U.N. Security Council of al-Bashir 's presence in Kenya . Al-Bashir was invited to the celebrations in Nairobi by the Kenyan foreign ministry in his capacity "  as the head of a friendly , neighboring country , " said the spokesman for Prime Minister Raili Odinga . But the spokesman told CNN that he was "  shocked " at al-Bashir 's presence and that his attendance was "  out of the blue . " He also said that he had not spoken to Odinga but described the situation that developed as "  impossible . " Asked about Kenya 's obligations to the international court to arrest al-Bashir , the spokesman said he did not think the Sudanese leader would be arrested on Kenyan soil . Human Rights Watch scolded Kenya for allowing al-Bashir to enter the country , saying that the wanted leader 's presence would "  forever tarnish the celebration of its long-awaited constitution . " Pro-government militias known as the Janjaweed stand accused of ethnic cleansing in Sudan 's Darfur region . Al-Bashir has denied that he helped armed the militias . Al-Bashir has traveled to several countries since the warrant was issued , including a recent trip to Chad . Friday he was among thousands of Kenyans at the signing of the new constitution three weeks after voters overwhelming approved the referendum . Debates over a new Kenyan constitution had spanned two decades , but intensified after postelection violence left more than 1,000 dead in 2008 . "  For the last two decades , the people have yearned for a new constitution , " President Mwai Kibaki said . Kibaki signed six copies of the constitution and held one up as the crowd erupted in cheers during the signing event at a park in the capital , Nairobi . The signing was followed by the national anthem and a 21-gun salute . Changes to the constitution include a more decentralized political system that minimizes the president 's powers . It also calls for land reform and allows dual citizenship -- a popular issue with Kenya 's large diaspora community . CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	The Kenyan president signs a new constitution amid fanfare Sudanese president defies international arrest warrant , travels to Kenya Kenya , an International Criminal Court signatory , is obligated to turn in al-Bashir
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Army Gen. David Petraeus , the top U.S. commander in Iraq , has been chosen to become chief of U.S. Central Command , Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Wednesday . Gen. David Petraeus has been the commander in Iraq for more than a year . Petraeus would replace Adm. William Fallon , who said last month that he was resigning . Fallon said widespread , but false , reports that he was at odds with the Bush administration over Iran had made his job impossible . In addition , Gates said , Army Lt. Gen. Ray Odierno , commander of the Multinational Corps-Iraq -- the No. 2 position in Iraq -- is being nominated to fill Petraeus ' post . Odierno has been home from Iraq for only a couple of months but has agreed to return , Gates said . The plan is for Petraeus to leave Iraq in late summer or early fall , Gates said , to ensure a smooth transition and plenty of time for Odierno to prepare . "  We expect to move the paperwork on these nominations to the White House and to the Senate very quickly , " Gates said . "  Because of the complexity of this series of moves , I respectfully ask the Senate to move on them expeditiously , hopefully by Memorial Day , so the families and we can plan appropriately . " Odierno was in line for a Pentagon desk job as Army Vice Chief just over a year after helping Petraeus implement the "  surge " in U.S. troops in Iraq . The Pentagon says Petraeus will stay in Iraq long enough to make the first recommendation on further troop cuts after the surge is over . Watch the challenges ahead of Petraeus " Gates said the generals ' promotions reflected an endorsement of the current course in Iraq . "  The course certainly that Gen. Petraeus has set has been a successful course . So , frankly , I think staying that course is not a bad idea . I would say it 's a good idea , " Gates said . Watch Gates nominate Petraeus " Central Command , which oversees U.S. forces in East Africa , the Middle East and Central Asia , has its headquarters at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa , Florida . Gates said Odierno is well known to troops in Iraq , to military leadership and to Iraqis , and "  I believe , in most parts of the world , especially in the Middle East , personal relationships make a difference . " "  I believe that this arrangement will probably preserve the likelihood of continued momentum and progress , " Gates said . The defense secretary said he expects to easily win Senate approval for the nominations once they are made by President Bush . He said he had spoken with Sens. Carl Levin , D-Michigan ; John McCain , R-Arizona ; and John Warner , R-Virginia , and "  I do n't really anticipate any problems . " In a press release Wednesday , McCain praised the move . "  Both of these great generals have served our country with skill and distinction , and I am pleased that they will continue to do so in positions of high responsibility , " McCain wrote . Gates acknowledged that Fallon 's "  decision to step down was unexpected . " "  I had intended that Adm. Fallon probably stay on for a third year . His second year would have ended in February , " he said . "  So I 'm faced with a critical combatant command where a commander is needed -- and a commander who knows what 's going on in the region . " Asked whether he was using Petraeus "  almost as a finger in the dike " because of the shortage of Army generals with expertise in counterinsurgency warfare , Gates admitted that there are few Army officers with experience in and knowledge of Iraq . Odierno served as commander of the 4th Infantry Division , the unit that captured former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein . Petraeus was picked in January 2007 to replace Gen. George Casey as the chief commander in Iraq and won Senate confirmation that month . He previously served as head of the U.S. Army Combined Arms Center and as a commander in Iraq , and he was one of the main writers of an Army manual on counterinsurgency efforts . He was seen as the logical choice to replace Fallon . In his new post , he will oversee U.S. forces in all the Middle East , not only Iraq and Afghanistan . "  I recommended him to the president because I am absolutely confident he is the best man for the job , " Gates said . In testimony to Congress this month , Petraeus said Iranian agents have played a "  destructive role " in Iraq by backing Shiite militants , called "  special groups " by the United States . The U.S. believes that Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps Quds Force is behind the support for militants . "  Unchecked , the special groups pose the greatest long-term threat to the viability of a democratic Iraq , " Petraeus testified . Last month , in an interview with CNN 's Kyra Phillips in Baghdad , Petraeus acknowledged some "  friction " between himself and Fallon in the past year , but "  actually , over the last six months or so , our relationship was really very , very good . " "  There was friction in the beginning . He has a different job than I have , " Petraeus said . "  There can be understandable differences of your take , if you will , on a situation . As they say in politics and government 101 , where you stand on an issue sometimes depends on where you sit in the organization , and we sit in different chairs . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jamie McIntyre contributed to this report .	Gates says changes "  will probably preserve ... momentum and progress " Petraeus would oversee all forces in Middle East , including Iraq and Afghanistan Petraeus would take over for Adm. William Fallon , who resigned Central Command position is subject to Senate confirmation
The death of a 7-year-old Virginia girl from a suspected peanut allergy at school has raised questions about how prepared school officials are to handle sudden reactions in children . First-grader Ammaria Johnson died Monday after breaking out in hives and complaining of shortness of breath at recess . School authorities called paramedics after she was taken to the nurse 's office , said Lt. Jason Elmore , a spokesman for the Chesterfield County Fire Department in suburban Richmond . "  From what we understand , she possibly had gotten something outside , " Elmore said . The clinic had no medication to give her and called 911 , he said . "  It 's very straightforward . There is no magic to this , " said Maria Acebal , the head of the Food Allergy and Anaphylaxis Network . "  It 's just proper education , how to recognize it , and how to treat it . " Acebal said 8 % of American kids -- including one of hers -- have food allergies . "  When consequences can be life-threatening , then you 've got to have schools prepared for an allergic reaction , " she said . Shawn Smith , a spokesman for the Chesterfield County school district , said administrators have extensive guidelines for treating students with severe allergies , and details of those guidelines were sent to parents last year . Parents have to provide any prescribed medication to the schools , along with a one-page form authorizing them to administer it in case of an emergency , he said . "  When any or all of the resources are not provided , the public health nurse makes contact with the family in an effort to obtain the necessary medication , " Smith said in a written statement to CNN . One common treatment is the use of an epinephrine injector , a penlike device that administers the drug for a severe reaction . Those have to be prescribed by a doctor , and the school had no such device for Ammaria , Elmore said . The girl 's death remains under investigation , Chesterfield County police spokeswoman Elizabeth Caroon told CNN . Caroon said the body has been turned over to state medical examiners for an autopsy , but it was not clear whether that procedure had been performed Wednesday . "  It 's absolutely doable to keep kids with food allergies safe at public school , but it requires education and preparedness , " Acebal said . Ammarie 's death "  just underscores the need for all teachers to have the basics of food allergy safety as part of their orientation and continuing education . "	First-grader Ammaria Johnson died of a suspected peanut allergy The school called 911 but had no drugs to treat her , firefighters say Keeping kids safe at school takes "  education and preparedness , " an expert says
CNN  -- Barbecued zebra anyone ? How about warthog with peri-peri sauce ? Along with more traditional fare , these are the kinds of things you might find on a "  braai , " a specialized barbecue born of South Africa and over the last couple years seen around the world , thanks to a TV series . South Africa 's braai  barbecue  culture is one of the few things that truly cuts across racial and economic lines -- just about every circle of friends here has its own "  braai master . " In much the way cupcakes went from being a humble , if beloved , food item to the focus of TV shows , blogs and books , so too the braai has escalated in prominence and caught the imagination of the country in a new way . "  The Ultimate Braai Master " -- a reality/game show that 's an African mash-up of "  MasterChef " and "  The Amazing Race " -- is gearing up for its third season in September . The Travel Channel broadcast the first season to more than 100 million people around the world , including in the UK , Australia , India and China . It 's slated to be part of Vibrant TV 's lineup in the United States in 2014 . All you need to make your own braai is a 40-gallon steel oil drum cut in half lengthwise to hold firewood , with a piece of tight cross-mesh burglar bar to support your meat and veggies . Commercial kettle grills , gas grills and instant charcoal are often used these days , as well . Chill , braai Like all good barbecues , a braai in South Africa is a leisurely affair . Nobody braais on time ; drinks and snacks are taken for a few hours while the fire is assembled . Since 2005 , Heritage Day , a national South African holiday , has been dubbed National Braai Day by Jan Scannell , aka "  Jan Braai , " whose braai cookbooks are domestic bestsellers . Archbishop Doctor Desmond Tutu supports the initiative . Elaine Ensor-Smith , a contestant on the first season of the TV show , says the show "  heightened people 's perceptions of what you can do " at a braai . "  Fire is a leveler , " says the show 's host , Justin Bonello . "  It 's not like you can turn it on to 180 -LSB- 350 F -RSB- and walk away . " What ca n't you cook ? In one challenge featured on the program , teams had to use every part of a sheep to prepare a tasty dish , including brains , snout and offal . "  It was a really interesting challenge . I would probably do it again , " says Ensor-Smith , adding that she "  almost dry heaved when cracking the brains . " Traditionally , all parts of animals are eaten on a braai , but modern urban life has had its impact on the food chain here . Chops , chicken and boerewors  literally "  farmer 's sausage , " an incredibly long coiled sausage made of beef , lamb or pork mixed with herbs  are ubiquitous . Different regions have their own spice mixes and specialties : peanut butter and apricot jam on chicken wings ; peri-peri sauce on just about anything ; springbok loin with anchovy butter ; and "  walkie talkies , " or chicken feet . Non-meat staples are common -- corn on the cob , cheese-and-tomato sandwiches and homemade bread along with cold salads -- though it 's generally tough going for vegetarians in this part of the world . Depending on region and culture , different meats predominate . Sheep , goat and pork are popular in some cultures but not others . Black South Africans will tell you that goat is preferable to lamb , says Bonello . What 's considered a choice cut differs as well : sheep 's head and tail are delicacies to some , and repugnant to others . "  A Karoo farmer will eat a tail and testicle potjie , which you ca n't find in the city , " says Bonello . Potjiekos is a small pot of stew cooked over an open fire . Ostrich farms along stretches of highway are about as common as cattle farms in Kansas . Wild game such as springbok , kudu , eland and warthog are favored specialties more likely to be eaten by hunters than city dwellers . Zebra is less often seen or eaten . "  The taste is amazing , " says Bonello . "  It has a low fat content , and it 's completely organic . " Seafood is popular in coastal areas . Snoek is a cheap , popular source of protein in and around Cape Town . Restaurant braais Restaurant-style braais are most popular in townships , places for those who have little chance to attend an authentic braai . Mzoli 's , a butcher/braai restaurant in Gugulethu , one of Cape Town 's largest townships , is phenomenally popular with local township residents as well as overseas tourists . On Sunday mornings , the line at Mzoli 's starts at 9 a.m. People head into the butcher section to place their order -- usually a mixed platter of meat , such as chops , pork and boerewors , perhaps with some pap  a stiff cornmeal mash  on the side -- then pass through a narrow corridor to drop off their pile of meat in the kitchen . Mzoli 's kitchen looks like something out of the belly of an ancient castle , with staff stoking several enormous fireplaces . Outside , in a covered area with live drummers and a cool misting spray , long picnic tables sit end-to-end , packed with what may be the most diverse crowd in Cape Town . Two-liter bottles of Twist lemon drink , potato chips and hooka pipes keep several hundred people occupied while they wait for their food . Mzoli 's seasonings recipe , the secrets of which owner Mzoli Ncgawuzele wo n't divulge , is a spicy marinade that sits well with palates from different communities . Mzoli 's also makes its own beef boerewors on site . Where to go for braai in South Africa If you 're pressed for time , do n't go to a braai . Waiting for the food is part of the experience . Many people say that the best place to braai is their own backyard . As a visitor to South Africa , accepting an invitation to a braai is one of the best ways to experience a laid-back meal . Mzoli 's Place , 150 NY111 , Gugulethu , Cape Town ; by far the most popular place of its type in Cape Town , Mzoli 's is located in a township but has a regular influx of foreign visitors . About $ 5 per person . Blue Lagoon , 130 Lower Marine Parade , Durban ; known by locals as "  Lugs , " this DIY destination is especially popular with the local Indian community for braaiing and partying . Die Strandloper , Off Club Mykonos Road , Langebaan ; seafood braai on a West Coast beach , north of Cape Town . About $ 25 per person .	South Africa 's braai  barbecue  culture is one of the few things that unifies the country Reality show "  The Ultimate Braai Master " -- African "  MasterChef " meets "  The Amazing Race " -- is in its second season Restaurant-style braais are popular in townships
CNN  -- Former NFL lineman Shane Dronett 's transformation from an affable prankster , quick to flash a wry smile , to a person who was often frightened -- and frightening -- was subtle at first . It began in 2006 , with a bad dream . "  He woke up in the middle of the night and started screaming and told everyone to run out of the house , " said Chris Dronett , Shane Dronett 's wife . "  He thought that someone was blowing up our house . It was very frightening . " Chris tried to dismiss the incident as isolated , except that two weeks later , there was another outburst , then another , until they were an almost-nightly occurrence . And as Shane 's fear and paranoia began overwhelming him , so did episodes of confusion and rage that sometimes turned violent . Only three years after retiring from the NFL in 2006 , Shane was suffering . The tragic culmination of his pain came when he committed suicide in 2009 at 38 . Scientists at the Boston University School of Medicine 's Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy tested Shane 's brain tissue and confirmed that before he died he was suffering with a brain disease -- chronic traumatic encephalopathy -- that seems to afflict football players . "  There is evidence of CTE in his brain making him yet another former NFL player who had definite CTE , " said Chris Nowinski , co-director of the traumatic encephalopathy center . Nowinski said the center has found evidence of CTE in the brains of 13 of 14 former NFL players , including Dronett . Usually found in much older dementia patients , CTE is an accumulation of an abnormal protein in the brain called tau , which is associated with repeated head traumas -- concussions or subconcussive hits -- that are not allowed to heal . CTE can also diminish brain tissue and is associated with memory loss , depression , impulsive behavior and rage . Outrage comes out of nowhere The Dronetts ' daughter recalled an incident at a local burger joint : "  He was ordering , and he got mad at  an employee  and just punched him in the face , " said 16-year-old Hayley Dronett . "  He thought the guy was shaking the ice weird or something , and he took him down in the restaurant , " added Chris . It was all uncharacteristic for a man whom Chris described as "  someone who would light up the room , " outgoing , affable , funny . It was incongruous behavior for a father who had been involved and close with his two daughters -- taking them four-wheeling , volunteering at school , even painting their fingernails . "  He was just the best dad in the world , " said Hayley . Researchers believe that the battering Shane Dronett took as an NFL lineman -- and the hits he accumulated over two decades of playing -- might explain his brain 's deterioration . "  What we know is that by definition , a lineman will have their head hit almost every play of every game and every practice , " said Dr. Robert Stern , co-director of the BU CSTE . "  The estimates are around 1,000 or more hits for a lineman every season . " It might have been the accumulation of tens of thousands of subconcussive hits -- which might not result in overt concussion symptoms such as dizziness , short-term memory loss and confusion but could still cause brain damage -- that finally took a toll on Shane . "  I think the issue is that the brain was not meant to be hit even subconcussively 1,000 times a year , " said Stern . The NFL would not comment about Shane 's case specifically , but it emphasized that the league supports the BU center 's work and that it continues to take steps limit contact to the head and to ensure that concussions , when they occur , are properly treated . 10 hard seasons of hard hits Shane played for 10 seasons , first with the Denver Broncos and then the Atlanta Falcons . He played defense on the 1998 Falcons team that had a storybook Super Bowl run . Chris said her husband never let a concussion deter him . "  Shane did n't come out of games because he always said NFL players are so expendable , " said Chris . "  And if you 're not out there , the next guy will be . " Kurt Warner : Playing with concussion "  part of the game " Shane played through dizzying hits . "  There were times when he 'd be slow getting up and kind of try to shake it off and get back in there , " said Chris . "  He would have headaches and he would say ' I wish someone would split my head open with an ax and relieve the pressure , ' but it was n't even an option to come out  of the game  . " Could a tumor explain his behavior ? When Shane was found to have a brain tumor in 2007 , at the height of his unorthodox behavior , it was actually a glimmer of hope for his wife . "  I was almost relieved because I was thinking , ` OK , here is the answer to why he 's acting like this , because he had a tumor , ' " said Chris . "  And then after he recovered from the tumor being removed , he was back to the same symptoms of paranoia . " Shane 's neurosurgeon said that he most likely had the tumor all his life and that the benign growth could not explain his behavior , Chris said . Researchers at BU CSTE call the brain tumor potentially confounding , but most likely not a factor in Shane 's behavior . "  There 's no way we would ever know what was specifically caused by the tumor or the surgery for the tumor or CTE , " said Stern . "  But more than likely at least some of his behavior and symptoms were associated with the worsening of the CTE . " The reasons for Shane 's behavioral changes soon became secondary to a bubbling fear for his wife and daughters . It came to a head during a ski trip that Chris took with her daughter Hayley in January of 2009 . "  He called us 100 times a day , wondering where we were and we 'd tell him we 're in Utah ... and he just did n't believe it , " said Chris . "  He thought people were driving around the house and he was wondering who had been following him that day . It was just very scary . " Shane was supposed to pick up his family at the airport but never showed up . The next morning , Chris encountered her husband in the hallway of their home , brandishing a gun . "  I saw the gun , and I ran out the front door , " said Chris . "  He had gone into the kitchen , and as soon as I put my hand on the front door , I heard it . " What Chris had heard was the firing of the gun that killed Shane when he turned the gun on himself . In a moment , months of consternation and abject fear ended , giving way to profound sadness for a family that , even as they waded through the mire of Shane 's condition , could not have foreseen this end . "  He was always so full of life , " said Chris . "  Even his darkest moments , I just still never imagined that he would do that . " Two years removed from the terrible events of that January morning , Chris finds some solace knowing that a brain disease that could explain why she and her daughters lost Shane . "  I had nowhere to turn . I did n't know anything about  CTE  . I did n't know other players were going through this type of stuff , " said Chris . "  I think if Shane knew at the time how serious  playing through concussion  could be down the road , he would have backed off . " Chris is heartened by rules changes and progress at the NFL level , but chafes when she hears about players who oppose those changes . "  I know a lot of the players are against that , but they 're young and they have n't seen what I 've seen , " said Chris . Chris says that if she could speak directly to players , "  I would tell them what I went through , what Shane went through and what other people I know have gone through and then let them make that decision . Because I feel like they 're making their statements without being educated . "	Scientists confirmed that ex-Falcons lineman had a brain disease linked to concussion Researchers believe the battering Shane Dronett took may explain his brain 's deterioration His family reported troubling personality changes before his suicide
CNN  -- With her curved ` wings , ' long pointed nose , and gleaming underbelly propped high above the waves , this space-age yacht might be better suited to the sky than the sea . Just a few square meters of the futuristic vessel -- valued at $ 15 million -- actually touch the surface of the water , allowing it to skim across the waves with ease . The innovative design , along with high-tech features such as an iPad-controller , helped glossy "  Adastra " win three prizes at last week 's prestigious ShowBoats Design Awards in Monaco , including Best Naval Architecture . The yachting world is clearly impressed . The honor follows a prize for the Most Innovative Design at the 2013 World Superyacht Awards earlier this year . So could this alien shape -- resembling something between a spaceship and the Concorde supersonic plane -- be the future of superyacht design ? "  The superyacht industry is pretty traditional , " designer John Shuttleworth , told CNN . "  But the establishment has given a ` yes ' to this idea which is a huge step forward . " "  Inevitably , there has to be a trend for reducing fuel consumption -- and I think superyachts will have to look something like this in the future . Initially I do n't think economics will drive it -- these are wealthy owners and cost is n't an issue . Instead , it will be from an ethical , environmental point of view . " Billionaire 's toys Billionaire shipping magnate Anton Marden is believed to be the proud owner of the plush 42.5-meter vessel , which took more than five years to design and build . The Hong Kong-based mogul and wife Elaine will be able to remotely control their luxury yacht from up to 50 meters away , simply by sweeping their hand over an iPad . If you want to appeal to the mega rich , such flashy gadgets -- and room to house them -- are now an essential part of superyacht architecture . "  We have recently seen an increase in new and exciting superyacht toys on the market and clients are increasingly looking for more space to house these , " said co-exterior designer Orion Shuttleworth . "  Our new designs incorporate lots of space to accommodate jet skis , sailing boats , kayaks , paddle boards and other toys . " Speed machine With just 20 % of the enormous 52-ton boat submerged in water , Adastra is able to glide along the waves without the same drag as traditional superyachts , hitting up to 43 kilometers per hour . It also means the vessel , made from a super-light glass and carbon material , consumes a lot less fuel -- around 14 % of a conventional superyacht the same size . "  Adastra 's longer , slender main hull has extremely low drag , which is why she is so fuel efficient , " explained Orion . "  The smooth , seamless , unbroken surfaces also help to reduce weight , " he said of the boat , which can travel up to 6,400 kilometers -- the same distance from London to New York -- without refueling . In fact , the three-pronged design -- featuring a slim hull and two ` wings ' -- is similar to the world 's fastest sailboat Hydroptere , which broke the speed record in 2009 at 95 kilometers per hour . Living in luxury Step inside the sleek Adastra and you 'll find all the luxury of a five-star hotel , including five elegant bedrooms and four bathrooms . The plush yacht also features a saloon , a lounge and an industrial kitchen . The rear deck has an open-air bar , allowing guests to gaze out at the water while they enjoy a cocktail . At night , the glowing underbelly of the boat lights up in neon blue , giving it the impression of a futuristic spacecraft . If the reams of recent awards are anything to go by , this yachting future could be a lot closer than you think .	The $ 15 million yacht features an iPad controller , luxury interior Features aerodynamic ` wings ' to help glide along water , cut fuel consumption Space-age shaped vessel could spell the future of superyacht design
London  CNN  -- Three top Pakistani cricketers were jailed Thursday after being convicted of plotting to cheat and to take bribes in a match against England last summer , in a scandal that rocked the international sport . Former national team captain Salman Butt was sentenced to 30 months and bowler Mohammad Asif to a year in prison after they were found guilty by a London court Tuesday . Fellow bowler Mohammad Amir , a rising star in the sport at the age of 19 , was given a six-month jail term , having pleaded guilty . A fourth man , London-based businessman Mazhar Majeed , was jailed for two years and eight months for his role as an agent who arranged the betting scam . He had also pleaded guilty . All will serve half of their sentences before being eligible for parole . The Pakistanis were accused of spot fixing , or rigging parts of a test match . The trial and sentencing have been closely watched in Pakistan , where cricket is a hugely popular sport . The Pakistan Cricket Board , the sport 's national governing body , said the trio 's conviction and sentencing was "  a sad day for Pakistan cricket . " Spokesman Nadeem Sarwar said in a statement : "  Instead of having pride in playing for their country , these players chose to disappoint their supporters , damage the image of their country and bring the noble game of cricket into disrepute . There is little sympathy in Pakistan for the sorry pass they have come to . " He said the board was determined to stamp out corrupt behavior within cricket and will introduce measures to do that . These include better training in the game 's rules and ethics for players , alongside stricter monitoring , a strengthened code of conduct for agents and others involved in the game and a recommendation to the government to pass a law making corruption in sport a criminal offense . Imran Khan , former cricketer turned politician , told domestic channel Geo TV after the sentencing : "  For Pakistan and for Pakistani cricket this is extremely detrimental . "  This will bring shame to our country and the families of the cricketers . I ca n't imagine what the family is going through . Right now this is bad for all of us . " He said he felt special sympathy for Amir , the youngest , who had probably gotten involved after seeing the others getting away with match fixing . Asif 's father also appeared on Geo TV , saying : "  Jails are made for men , so what if my son is sent there . " He accused unspecified foreign governments of being behind his son 's conviction , but he said the family would not starve as a result . Butt 's sister , Rubab Butt , also told reporters her brother was innocent . "  My brother did n't do anything wrong , " she said . "  There has been no evidence presented to us about his guilt and the decision was wrong , we disagree with it . My brother is innocent . " Butt and Asif had denied the charges . Before the sentencing , Amir expressed remorse in a statement read by his lawyer . "  First I want to apologize to Pakistan and to everyone that cricket is important to , " he said . "  I do know how much damage this has done to the game , a game which I love more than anything else in the world . "  I did decide many months ago that I wanted to admit that I deliberately threw two no-balls  fouls  at the Lord 's Test last summer . But I know this was very late , and I want to apologize for not saying it before . I did n't find the courage to do it at the beginning , and I know very well that made everything much more difficult . " The Pakistanis are among the lowest-paid of the main cricket nations , partly due to the loss of much-needed revenue from hosting tours . International teams have turned down offers to play in Pakistan after a 2009 terrorist attack on the touring Sri Lankan team in Lahore . CNN 's Phil Black and Andrew Carey and journalists Shaan Khan and Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	The Pakistan Cricket Board says it is a sad day for the game in Pakistan Relatives of the jailed cricketers protest their innocence Butt and Asif are jailed for 30 and 12 months respectively , Amir for six months Agent Mazhar Majeed is sentenced to two years and eight months in prison
FORT MYERS , Florida  CNN  -- Three men were charged Saturday with felony first-degree murder in the shooting death of NFL player Sean Taylor , a death police say was unplanned . Eric Rivera Jr. , 17 ; Venjah K. Hunte , 20 ; and Charles Kendrick Lee Wardlow , 18 , each faces charges of felony first-degree murder , burglary with a firearm and home invasion robbery while armed , according to court documents . The charge of felony first-degree murder can be applied if someone is killed , even accidentally , during certain violent felony crimes . Rivera appeared in a courtroom in Fort Myers , Florida , while Hunte and Wardlow appeared via video phone from jail . A fourth suspect , Jason Scott Mitchell , 19 , was processed too late to appear in court , officials said . He is to be in court Sunday , and he faces the same charges as the other three . Taylor , 24 , a safety for the Washington Redskins , died Tuesday , a day after he was shot during an apparent burglary at his Miami home . The four suspects could be moved to Miami -- where the charges are based -- as soon as Sunday for a first-appearance hearing , said John Evans , Wardlow 's lawyer . Police have more than one confession in the case , according to Robert Parker , director of the Miami-Dade Police Department . Rivera 's attorney , Wilbur Smith , said Saturday he "  had been led to believe " that his client confessed , but was n't sure after speaking to Rivera . Asked about news reports alleging Rivera was the shooter , Smith said that he was aware of the stories , but that he had "  not talked enough to Eric to find that out . " "  The brief probable cause statement that we received did not indicate who was the shooter , " he said . Smith described his client as "  stunned . " Asked whether he showed any remorse , Smith said , "  Oh yeah , you could see that in his eyes . " Evans said that despite a court affidavit alleging that his client confessed , he has not seen "  a transcript or heard any audio ... about any confession from any of the four people who are currently charged . " The four men were expecting to find an unoccupied home , "  so murder or shooting someone was not their initial motive , " Parker said . "  They were certainly not looking to go there and kill anyone , " he said . "  Their obvious motive was to go there and steal the contents of the house . " "  The key to solving this case was citizens ' tips , " he said . The men knew Taylor lived at the house , said Parker , who added that additional arrests were possible . A police official told CNN that officers are investigating whether one or more of the suspects knew members of Taylor 's family . At 1:45 a.m. Monday , Taylor 's girlfriend , Jackie Garcia , called 911 and said someone had been shot . Authorities have said she told police she was hiding under the bedding during the attack . Garcia did not see what happened and could not provide a suspect description , Parker told reporters Wednesday . Police said that Garcia and Taylor were awakened by noise in the living room , and that Taylor got up and locked the bedroom door . The door was kicked in and two shots were fired , one striking Taylor in the leg . Garcia tried to call 911 , and failing that , used her cell phone instead , police said . There was no evidence the line had been cut , Parker said Wednesday . A break-in was also reported eight days earlier , Miami-Dade police said . A police report said someone forced a window open and left a kitchen knife on a bed . Several drawers and a bedroom safe were searched during the break-in , according to the report . Taylor was home unexpectedly because of an injury , his former attorney , Richard Sharpstein , told reporters Tuesday . "  I think he was surprised , or they were surprised to find him there , " he said . Taylor spent four years with the Washington Redskins , but had been out with a sprained right knee . He did not play in Sunday 's game against Tampa Bay . Taylor was a first-round pick in the 2004 draft , according to his team 's Web site . He played at the University of Miami , where he was an All-American in 2003 , and was also a high school standout in the city . Dubbing him "  the prototype NFL free safety , " the Redskins credited Taylor 's team-leading tackling prowess . He was regarded as one of the hardest-hitting players in the league . During his brief career , Taylor recorded 306 tackles  248 solo  , two sacks and 12 interceptions . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	Four men each face charge of felony first-degree murder Investigation reveals the men thought the victim was n't home , police say Police say they have more than one confession in the case Washington Redskins safety Sean Taylor died in apparent home burglary
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Video showing Pfc. Bowe Bergdahl , captured by the Taliban in Afghanistan , is just another example of how captors use the medium for psychological warfare . U.S. Army Spc. Shoshana Johnson , who was held by insurgents in Iraq , prepares to enter a plane to safety . The latest video shows Bergdahl , of Ketchum , Idaho , looking comfortable and eating food . While he expresses concern about not seeing his family and girlfriend again , he does appear to speak calmly and has no visible signs of abuse . "  I have a very , very good family that I love back home in America , and I miss them every day that I 'm gone , " he says in a 28-minute video released by his captors . "  I miss them , and I 'm afraid I might never see them again and that I 'll never be able to tell them I love them again . I 'll never be able to hug them . " But that is in stark contrast to the well-publicized captures of U.S. servicemen and women in conflicts past . Vietnam Sen. John McCain , whose plane was shot down during a combat mission over Vietnam in 1967 , is considered one of the most famous prisoners of war . He was captured by the Communist Viet Cong and spent nearly six years in a prisoner of war camp , where he was often tortured . A grainy black-and-white film released by his captors showed a severely injured McCain talking on camera in the so-called "  Hanoi Hilton . " McCain later refused to be released before other prisoners . He eventually returned to the United States in 1973 . "  During the years , we were kept in solitary confinement or two or three to a cell because they did n't want us to see each other . We 'd spend all our time tapping on the walls to each other and encouraging each other and organizing , organizing , organizing with our chain of command . The days and hours go by , " McCain told CNN 's John King last year . Iraq And most recently , in 2003 , video from Iraq painted a picture of an unruly and chaotic terror organization holding U.S. soldiers captured in the Iraq military theater . Army Spc. Shoshana Johnson was shown on videotape being interrogated -- with five other soldiers including Pfc. Jessica Lynch , who was badly wounded and was held prisoner at a separate location . Nine of their fellow soldiers were killed when their convoy was ambushed . Johnson appeared frightened , with her eyes darting quickly left and right . "  I was terrified . I did n't know what was going to happen to me , " Johnson said in a past CNN interview . "  And I was in a lot of pain . " Lynch 's videotaped rescue made her a celebrity , and she was used by the Pentagon to put a face on the men and women who were fighting the war against the regime of Saddam Hussein . Johnson and the other POWs spent 22 days as prisoners until Marines rescued them . Chris Voss , a former lead international kidnapping coordinator for the FBI , says that as a lesson from the Johnson video , the Taliban may have learned to try to appear more political than radical . "  They 're hoping that ... this gets to other media outlets that will make them appear so that they are a reasonable political force , " he says . "  There is very much a lack of overthreat in the -LSB- Bergdahl -RSB- video , and they clearly thought this through ... specifically strategic for these purposes . " Somalia Army Chief Warrant Officer 3 Michael Durant , a Black Hawk helicopter pilot , was shot down in 1993 during a combat mission in Mogadishu , Somalia . The body of one of his fellow pilots being dragged through the streets was captured on video . After the crash , he was captured by a mob and held for 11 days . Durant suffered several serious injuries , including a broken back and face and leg wounds . He was later released . His bloodied and bruised face was splashed on the covers of several national magazines , including Time and Newsweek , and on TV networks . His story later inspired Mark Bowden 's bestseller "  Black Hawk Down " and a movie by director Ridley Scott . Voss says his image was depicted in a different way than others had been . "  The media picked that up and ran in a way that was very accusatory towards the United States , " he says . "  There were pictures of Mike Durant in a clearly beaten-up condition , and the captions in the various national magazines were , ` What in the world are we doing ? ' " Voss says that from that incident , the United States may have learned to apply the mostly mum stance it 's using during the Bergdahl capture . "  The U.S. government gave a knee-jerk reaction to that , which I think they 've learned from , " he says . "  So how this plays out in the media , the Taliban is being very cautious to appear to be reasonable ... because they do n't want to make themselves look like they 're fanatical . They are trying to be very reasonable . "	Army Pfc. Bowe Bergdahl was captured nearly three weeks ago in Afghanistan Sen. John McCain is considered one of the most famous prisoners of war Video of captured soldiers in Iraq painted a picture of rogue captors
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A mother suspected of killing her four children , whose decomposing bodies were found in her home , told police they were possessed by demons , according to court records . Banita Jacks , 33 , is charged with three counts of felony murder and one count of first-degree murder while armed . The victims , who range in age from 5 to 17 years , are thought to be her daughters . Their bodies were found when U.S. marshals served an eviction notice at Jacks ' apartment in southeast Washington , D.C. Court documents say Jacks identified the victims as her daughters Brittany Jacks , 17 ; Tatianna Jacks , 11 ; N'kiah Fogle , 6 ; and Aja Fogle , 5 . Earlier Thursday , Mayor Adrian Fenty said the bodies ' decomposition has hindered their identification , although they were believed to be Jacks ' children . Marie Pierre-Louis , Washington 's chief medical examiner , said all four of the girls had been dead for at least 15 days . Jacks is being held without bail . Her next court appearance is scheduled for February 11 . If convicted , she could receive a maximum sentence of life in prison . Jacks told police that her daughters were possessed by demons and that each died in her sleep during a seven - to 10-day period , court documents said . Aja died first , she told police , then N'kiah , Tatianna and Brittany . "  She said that as the first three younger children died , she placed them side by side in the room in which they died , " according to court documents . She reported that all the deaths occurred sometime before the electricity in her house was disconnected , which records show was September 5 , 2007 , documents said . Jacks said she never tried to call authorities to remove the bodies "  because she did n't trust either agency and because she thought if she notified emergency personnel , that would cause her more problems , " the documents said . She also said she had not fed her daughters food "  for a substantial period of time prior to their deaths . " No one besides herself or the children had been in the home since May 2007 , Jacks said . Pierre-Louis ruled the deaths homicides , according to a court document . Watch Pierre-Louis describe the condition of the bodies " Preliminary findings are that Brittany was stabbed to death and that Aja died from blunt-force impact to the back of her head and possible ligature strangulation . Both Tatianna and N'kiah also had "  apparent ligature evidence " on their necks that was "  somewhat more defined than that noted on Aja Fogle 's neck , " court documents said . However , the documents said , further tests are needed to confirm the causes of the deaths . All four children were wearing white T-shirts and were discovered in unfurnished bedrooms -- three in one and a fourth in another , the documents said . "  What appeared to be a metal steak knife " was found next to the fourth . Also , the fourth body was found in a bedroom with hardwood floors , and a T-shirt with duct tape was found at the bottom of the bedroom door , filling the gap between the floor and the bottom of the door when it was closed . A witness told police they saw Jacks treat Brittany differently from her other children , sometimes withholding food from her while feeding the others , court documents said . In addition , the witness said Jacks once drove Brittany to Jacks ' mother 's home in Waldorf , Maryland , and left her there . Jacks ' mother was not home , the witness said , and Brittany was left on the porch unattended for more than 10 hours . City officials are trying to determine how the children could have been dead for at least two weeks without anyone noticing their absence . Fenty said the city had determined that Jacks ' children were "  in and out of the public school system " and that the child welfare caseworkers and the metropolitan police had each had at least "  one contact " with the family . Watch Fenty explain how a "  routine " eviction became a death investigation " "  There may be other contacts with the government ... in the case of the Jacks family , " he said . He did not divulge further details . "  Somebody should have known that these young people were not in school or someplace , " Councilman Marion Barry said Wednesday . The former Washington mayor represents the ward in which the bodies were found . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Larry Lazo contributed to this report .	NEW : One child appeared to be stabbed to death , another strangled Mother Banita Jacks , 33 , told police her children died in their sleep Jacks faces 3 counts of felony murder , 1 count of first-degree murder while armed Officials trying to determine how kids ' deaths , absences went unnoticed
CNN  -- It may be one of the greatest victory laps of our time : Aung San Suu Kyi , Burma 's political heroine , is touring the United States , offering proof everywhere she goes -- from the White House to the Capitol rotunda , from Columbia University to Hollywood , from the U.N. to CNN -- that she is indeed "  the Lady . " In Oslo in June , she was able to give her acceptance speech , overdue by 21 years , for the Nobel Peace Prize she had been awarded when she was under house arrest in Burma . In the U.S. , she 's been able to receive the Congressional Gold Medal -- our highest honor -- she 'd been awarded years ago ; she was able to meet with the president , to sit with the U.N. 's secretary general and to meet many of the people who fought so hard to tell the world what the former military dictatorship was doing to her and to the Burmese people . This week , she will visit Los Angeles , meeting with local Burmese and sitting down to dinner with members of the Hollywood community . And if one message rings through in all of her appearances , it is the strength of nonviolent reconciliation , the power of democratic ideals to triumph and what it really means to be willing to stand up for what one believes , whatever the cost . World : Suu Kyi is ` global symbol ' of progress , says U.N. secretary It was Suu Kyi 's nonviolent campaign against one of the most oppressive , dictatorial regimes of our times that gave hope to the oppressed Burmese people and to thousands of Buddhist monks , as she inspired politicians and leaders around the globe . It was the strength of her spirit , the patience of her approach and the profound beauty of her soul . It was the message that one democratically elected ruler could withstand nearly 20 years of house arrest , could live with the memory of her father 's assassination , could overcome the separation from her cancer-stricken husband whom she was not allowed to visit on his deathbed and could galvanize a movement of monks and a nation of people to rise up and take back their country . Now , Suu Kyi is using her international visibility to address ethnic divisions in Burma and to challenge the rest of the globe to behave more responsibly , even as she forgives the very military leaders who kept her under house arrest for the better part of two decades . The nation is also called Myanmar , but Suu Kyi refuses to use that name because it was changed by the military junta . So what does it mean for us , in America , during a polarizing election that seems to be bringing out the worst in all of us ? Rhetoric , sound bites , culture wars and catchphrases are replacing substance , thoughtfulness and informed debate . And in the middle of it all , Hollywood , as usual , is manipulated by each side to demonize the other . It was n't so long ago , though , when our cultural leaders helped stand up and stand in for the most important voices of their day , raising issues all of us need to take more seriously . And , in fact , that 's precisely what happened with Burma . Just a few years ago , before most of us ever heard of Burma , before we could pronounce Aung San Suu Kyi 's name and before we watched in horror as Cyclone Nargis ravaged its shores in 2008 , a group of us from the creative and human rights communities banded together to raise our voices around what was happening to Suu Kyi and the Burmese . We were able to pull together , left and right , young and old , Democrats and Republicans , Americans and foreigners , straights and gays , Christians , Jews , Muslims , Buddhists and atheists . All in a common cause of celebrating the voice of the people , the power of democracy and one remarkable woman . Called "  Burma : It Ca n't Wait , " it was an online video campaign featuring 38 spots to publicize what was happening in Myanmar and happening to Suu Kyi . The campaign has received about 25 million views . What compelled nearly 100 of the industry 's most creative and committed people -- in front of and behind the camera -- to rally together to produce an award-winning online video campaign ? What led Shepard Fairey to create another of his iconic images , inspired the likes of Jim Carrey and Anjelica Huston to speak out and celebrities to travel to the Burmese border to show their support for the refugees ? And , in another example of what people united by a common cause can do , what inspired 27 of the world 's most popular musical artists to contribute tracks in 2004 to an album called "  For the Lady " ? One remarkable person . If you want to see why , read some of Suu Kyi 's remarkable writings . "  Freedom from Fear , " published by Penguin , provides a great collection of them . World : Myanmar democratic activist accepts tog congressional honor In these hyperpartisan times , as approval ratings for Congress reach record lows , as our public discourse focuses on name-calling and our media oversimplify the most complex issues , it 's refreshing to remember that many people were able to come together , from across a broad spectrum , to support a woman who had inspired Barack Obama , Hillary Clinton , George W. Bush , Laura Bush , Bill Clinton and Tony Blair to rally to her defense . In a nation seemingly torn apart by divisiveness and conflict , on the eve of our presidential election , all of us should join together to champion the democratic traditions we cherish and to celebrate that much more that brings us together than divides us . As we enjoy Suu Kyi 's tour of the United States , may we be reminded of the strength of her spirit and the power of unity of purpose in service of our ideals . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Burma 's heroine and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi touring U.S. Suu Kyi is addressing ethnic divisions in Burma , challenging world leaders to be responsible Writers ' online campaign for Suu Kyi united people from all political sides , famous and not They say in divisive times , it 's worth noting power of unity in service of democratic ideals
Adam Lanza brought three weapons inside Sandy Hook Elementary school on December 14 and left a fourth in his car , police said . Those weapons were a Bushmaster AR-15 rifle and two handguns -- a Glock 10 mm and a Sig Sauer 9 mm . In the car he left a shotgun , about which police have offered no details . Lanza used one of the handguns to take his own life , although police have n't said whether the gun was the Glock or the Sig Sauer . In fact many details remain unknown about the weapons Lanza used that day to kill 20 children , his own mother , six other adults and then himself . Here 's what is known so far : Bushmaster AR-15 rifle The primary weapon used in the attack was a "  Bushmaster AR-15 assault-type weapon , " said Connecticut State Police Lt. Paul Vance . The rifle is a Bushmaster version of a widely made AR-15 , the civilian version of the M-16 rifle used by the U.S. military . The original M-16 patent ran out years ago , and now the AR-15 is manufactured by several gunmakers . Unlike the military version , the AR-15 is a semiautomatic , firing one bullet per squeeze of the trigger . But like the M-16 , ammunition is loaded through a magazine . In the school shooting , police say Lanza 's rifle used numerous 30-round magazines . An AR-15 is usually capable of firing a rate of 45 rounds per minute in semiautomatic mode . Police did n't offer details about the specific model of the rifle Lanza used . A typical Bushmaster rifle , such as the M4 model , comes with a 30-round magazine but can use magazines of various capacities from five to 40 rounds . An M4 weighs about 6 1/2 pounds and retails for about $ 1,300 . Under the 1994 federal ban on such weapons , buying some variants of new AR-15s was against the law . The ban expired in 2004 . Bushmaster is the No. 1 supplier of AR-15 rifles in the United States , according to the company website . Their weapons are used by more than 100 police departments and by the militaries of 50 nations , according to Bushmaster . Private citizens use them for "  hunting , recreation , competition and home defense and security , " the website says . Gun control : ` This one feels different ' Glock 10 mm handgun Police have n't said what kind of Glock 10 mm handgun Lanza used . But Glock lists two types on its website , including the Glock 20 and Glock 29 . Lanza had "  multiple magazines " for the Glock , Vance said . Such magazines are widely available . The Glock 20 model has a 15-round magazine . Glock describes it as an ideal weapon for hunting because of its larger bullets , referred to as the ammunition 's caliber . The Glock 20 measures nearly 8 1/4 inches long and weighs about 2 1/2 pounds when loaded , according to Glock 's website . Guns and Ammo magazine said of Glocks : "  They point naturally , their triggers are n't too heavy ... but most importantly of all , they 're reliable . " Sig Sauer 9 mm handgun The other handgun police said Lanza had with him during the school massacre was a Sig Sauer . Authorities did n't say what kind , but possibilities include the P226 , P229 or P250 , P290 , and if it was an older pistol , possibly the P220 . The 9 mm P220 is no longer sold in the United States Like the Glock , Lanza 's Sig Sauer also allowed a high-capacity magazine , Vance said . Lanza used "  multiple magazines " that are widely available to feed ammunition to the Sig Sauer , Vance said . Sig Sauer makes 9 mm pistol magazines with a maximum capacity of 20 bullets . And like the Glock , Vance said the Sig Sauer handgun was a semiautomatic . The P226 has a 15-round magazine , measures 7 3/4 inches and costs about $ 1,142 , according to Sig Sauer 's website . They can be found cheaper at some gun shops . The Handguns magazine website says of the P226 : "  Adopted by the -LSB- Navy -RSB- SEALs nonetheless , it has proven to be durable , reliable , accurate and adaptable . What it has not had a reputation for is compactness . " Read more : Will Newtown change America 's attitude toward guns ?	Police : Newtown , Connecticut , gunman came to school grounds with four weapons Guns included a shotgun , an AR-15 rifle , a Glock 10 mm and a Sig Sauer 9 mm Lanza used numerous 30-round magazines to load his rifle , police say The shotgun was found in Lanza 's parked car , police say
CNN  -- There 's a fine science to running a billion dollar company . Rosalind Brewer should know -- she used to study chemistry . Before she was CEO of American retail giant , Sam 's Club -- a company which boasted $ 56 billion in revenues last year -- Brewer earned a degree in science at Spelman College , Atlanta , Georgia . These days though , one of the first things she thinks about when she wakes up is her 107,000 employees . "  I owe them leadership , direction , and the chance to grow , " says the chief of the retail warehouse chain , owned by Walmart . "  I take that as a personal responsibility . And I have to earn it every day . " When 51-year-old Brewer took the job in 2012 , she became the first woman and the first African American to lead a Walmart division . Two years later , the number of Sam 's Club stores has grown from 610 to 643 across the U.S. and Puerto Rico . Could the 64th most powerful woman in the world , according to Forbes , one day have the top job at Walmart ? "  Oh boy , that is a good question , " she says , laughing a little nervously . "  If ever I was afforded the opportunity , surely I would step up to the challenge . " Here are four more insights from the former chemistry student . "  One of the best pieces of advice I 've received throughout my career was the importance of having honesty and integrity . It helped build me as a person and helped me stay consistent to my values . " " "  The first response from people is that I have a visible difference -- I 'm an African American female . I think they have this initial response which is ` What is she made of ? How did she get here ? ' " "  Laying off 2,300 workers was very difficult . I take those moments really personally and we did a lot of work to make sure we were doing the right thing . " "  What scares me ? Tornados . I think I can do a lot of things . But if that tornado is coming for me , I do n't think I can stop it . " Rosalind is n't the only female science graduate aiming big . For the month of October , Leading Women celebrates women and girls in STEM : science , technology , engineering and mathematics . Join @CNNIwomen 's Twitter chat with STEM experts on October 9 at 5pm GMT/12pm EST. #CNNWomen #IDG14	Meet Rosalind Brewer , the CEO of Sam 's Club , part of Walmart Chemistry graduate now heads company worth billions of dollars Says ` honesty and integrity ' are integral to her career Laying off 2,300 workers was one of toughest moments of her life
London  CNN  -- Aung San Suu Kyi appealed for international support for Myanmar 's process of democratic reform Thursday as she gave a historic address to both of Britain 's houses of parliament . This is her nation 's time of greatest need , Suu Kyi told lawmakers , saying the help of Britain and other nations is needed if Myanmar is not to lose this opportunity to embrace true democracy . Her first trip to Europe after years of house arrest signals the progress toward reform in Myanmar , also known as Burma , over the past year . Suu Kyi is the first figure who is not a head of state , the first woman from abroad and the first person from an Asian nation to address both houses of Parliament in Westminster Hall , House of Commons Speaker John Bercow said as he introduced her . He paid tribute to her as a "  legendary " figure , who had "  withstood unimaginable suffering " during the dark days of her long house arrest and political oppression . Suu Kyi meets DJ who made house arrest ` bearable ' Addressing an audience that included current and past British prime ministers , Suu Kyi appealed for "  practical help " from Britain in the days to come , saying international aid can help give her people a better life through education and training , as well as supporting civil and economic progress . The Nobel laureate praised the "  sincere " efforts of President Thein Sein , a former general , to promote political reform in Myanmar since his military-backed government was elected in 2010 . But she also called for international support to ensure Burma does not waver as it follows the path to a full , free and open democracy . "  We have an opportunity to re-establish true democracy in Burma . It is an opportunity for which we have waited many decades . If we do not use this opportunity , if we do not get this right this time round , it may be several decades more before an opportunity arises again , " she warned . It is also important that a permanent political resolution is found to ethnic conflicts and violence in the north , west and east of the country , she said . Suu Kyi met with British Prime Minister David Cameron at Downing Street ahead of her speech to lawmakers , where they appeared jointly before reporters . Cameron said it was a huge honor to welcome Suu Kyi to Britain , saying she has been "  inspirational in her courage in fighting for democracy " in Myanmar . Britain is a "  resolute friend " to Myanmar and will "  remain staunch in its support , just as it has been through the long period of darkness you and your people have lived through , " he said . The prime minister also backed Suu Kyi 's warning against "  reckless optimism " over political reforms in Myanmar , saying his country will "  remain vigorous in our questioning until those changes have been made irreversible . " At the same time , Cameron defended the decision to invite Thein Sein to Britain , saying the visit signals the United Kingdom 's willingness to engage so long as the president remains committed to reform . Britain 's sanctions against the regime are only suspended , not lifted entirely , he pointed out . Suu Kyi , who was recently elected to parliament as her National League for Democracy won dozens of seats in by-elections , said she supports the invitation to Myanmar 's president because "  we do n't want to be shackled by the past . " She said it is by strengthening and empowering the people of Myanmar that a genuinely democratic society can be built . She also called for responsible investment in Myanmar to aid its economic development . The country 's future should lie in the hands of all its people , rather than those of the military or a small elite , she said . What Suu Kyi 's moment teaches us Suu Kyi also spoke on the need for a "  clean , efficient civil service " to help run the nation even as governments change . Cameron said British lawmakers will visit Myanmar in July to scrutinize its progress toward full democracy , and will continue to support the country up to its planned elections in 2015 . Britain , which is the biggest aid donor to Myanmar , will also offer aid to support peacemaking in parts of the country torn by ethnic conflict and back responsible investment in the country , Cameron said . Suu Kyi said she was moved by the warmth and kindness with which she had been welcomed to Britain . During a four-day visit to Britain -- her first since 1988 -- Suu Kyi has also visited Oxford , the city where she studied from 1964 to 1967 and lived with her late husband , Michael Aris . She received an honorary degree Wednesday at Oxford University , her alma mater . Suu Kyi was awarded the honorary doctorate in civil law in April 1993 , the university said , but until now has been unable to receive it in person . " ` The most important thing for me about Oxford was not what I learnt there in terms of set texts and set books we had to read , but in terms of a respect for the best in human civilization , " she is quoted as saying at the ceremony . Visiting London on Tuesday , Suu Kyi described how supporters around the world had given her strength while she campaigned against Myanmar 's military regime . She also paid a visit to the BBC 's Broadcasting House , where she met DJ Dave Lee Travis , whose BBC World Service music show made her confinement "  much more bearable , " she said . On Saturday , Suu Kyi finally gave her Nobel acceptance speech in Norway , more than two decades after she won the peace prize . She was unable to accept the Nobel when it was awarded in 1991 because she was under house arrest in Myanmar . Her husband and two sons collected it on her behalf . She has also visited Ireland , where a music concert was held in her honor Monday , and Switzerland . The elections that gave her party seats in parliament , albeit in a minority , marked a turning point for the country after decades of oppression by its military rulers . A military coup in September 1988 put Gen. Saw Maung in power , setting off anti-government demonstrations and a crackdown that left hundreds dead . Suu Kyi -- whose husband remained in England when she returned to Myanmar in 1988 -- became a leading activist and co-founder of an opposition group , the National League for Democracy . She was placed under house arrest for the first time the following July on charges of trying to divide the military . She spent much of the next two decades confined to her home by the ruling junta . When her party won the 1990 general election in a landslide vote , the military rulers -- in power since 1962 -- refused to let the National League for Democracy serve , nullifying the results . The military rulers have recently loosened their grip on power , allowing a series of democratic reforms . Her house arrest ended in 2010 , and she was able to travel around the country during her party 's election campaign this year . Smiling Suu Kyi lays out ` ambitious ' plan for Myanmar	NEW : Aung San Suu Kyi addresses both British houses of Parliament , a rare honor David Cameron says Britain will remain a "  resolute friend " of her country , Myanmar Suu Kyi is on her first visit to Britain in 24 years Political reforms mean she can finally travel , after spending years under house arrest
CNN  -- The displacement , injury , and death of civilians in war is always tragic , and the current fighting between Israel and Hamas in Gaza is no exception . But unlike the vast majority of conflicts in history , Operation Protective Edge , as Israel calls it , is one in which images of civilian suffering play a central -- and potentially decisive -- role in the outcome . And the reason is simple : More than a military strategy , Hamas has a media strategy . Calculatingly , Hamas employs primitive military tactics to mount a sophisticated media campaign that can threaten Israel 's basic security . And in conducting that offensive , Hamas can count on one of the world 's most powerful weapons : the international media . Hamas fires hundreds of rockets at Israeli cities and towns and tries to attack Israeli farms via the sea and through tunnels . Thanks to Israeli technology and vigilance , few of these actions have inflicted extensive damage . Still , they disrupt Israeli life , impair the economy , and leave cumulative psychological scars . As a sovereign nation , Israel must respond robustly to such attacks . And as a state committed to Jewish and democratic values , Israel provides water , humanitarian aid , and electricity to the residents of Gaza even as their government murders Israelis . Throughout , Israel strives tirelessly to minimize Palestinian civilian casualties . Yet in spite of the hundreds of thousands of leaflets Israel dropped , the countless text messages and personal phone calls it made warning Palestinian civilians to leave targeted areas , tragedies still occur . Israel deeply regrets these losses and continuously hones its operations to make them more surgical still . In a war with Hamas , though , Israel 's strength and morality can become vulnerability and guilt . By investing nothing in air raid sirens and bomb shelters , by hiding deep beneath neighborhoods and shooting near hospitals and mosques , Hamas ensures that Israel will invariably wound and kill civilians . Hamas gunmen carry out attacks disguised as women and old men , fight from UN and Red Cross vehicles , store rockets in schools , and physically prevent Palestinian civilians from fleeing combat zones . This context , though , is rarely mentioned by the media when covering the civilian cost of the fighting . Unlike Israel , which respects the privacy and dignity of its fallen , Hamas has no difficulty in displaying these casualties to foreign cameras . And the media broadcasts them , obsessively . The sources of that obsession are many . They include genuine empathy for the Palestinians , objection to Israeli policies , and even animus toward the Jewish state . Still , many journalists would be appalled by the suggestion that they are aiding a terrorist group indistinguishable from ISIS and al-Qaeda . Most , rather , are just doing their job by providing their audiences with the most up-to-date pictures and stories . But whether visceral or professional , the correspondents ' motives are , in fact , irrelevant to Hamas . It merely has to know that dozens of Palestinian victims of Israeli fire capture more headlines and airtime than tens of thousands of Syrian victims of Syrians or Iraqi victims of Iraqis . Hamas knows that the construction of a world-leading civil defense system in Israel , and the utter absence of one in Gaza , will ensure a growing gap between Israeli and Palestinian casualties . And that disparity , Hamas knows , will become the focus of media attention and accusations that Israel uses force disproportionally . Above all , Hamas knows that shocking images -- some of them taken from the carnage in Syria and Iraq and even from Hollywood horror movies -- inflame public opinion . Under mounting pressure , governments will endorse UN condemnations of Israel for war crimes . Hamas missiles can not destroy Israel , but international sanctions can tie its hands from deflecting them . Unwittingly or not , the international media is complicit in Hamas 's plan . While some may think they help the Palestinians by highlighting their plight , in reality , the journalists only worsen it . They effectively absolve Hamas of culpability for using Gaza 's population as a human shield , of stealing its aid money to buy munitions and dig fortified tunnels with the sole purpose of killing Israelis , and of contributing nothing to Gaza 's welfare . Who 's who in Hamas Israel , by contrast , is expected to apologize for protecting its citizens and for not suffering as many civilian losses as the Palestinians . Rather than depicting a complex reality in which both Israelis and Palestinians are victims of Hamas , the media prefers facile narratives of West versus East , colonialists versus natives , Goliath versus David . Yet the most helpful role that the media plays for Hamas -- and the worst disservice for Palestinians -- is in demoralizing Israelis . They are willing to pay a high operational price , even to endanger their own soldiers , to avoid hurting Palestinian civilians . Yet , in spite of these unprecedented efforts , the Jewish State is often depicted by the media as indiscriminate and callous . By calling them killers even when they take risks to save lives , the media discourages Israelis from showing restraint in the face of ceaseless Hamas attacks . And Hamas , which wants to drag Israel into a ground war in which even more civilians are killed , welcomes the media 's role in convincing Israelis that image-wise they have nothing to lose by escalating . Former President Bill Clinton recently told Indian television that Hamas "  has a strategy designed to force Israel to kill their own -LSB- Palestinian -RSB- civilians so that the rest of the world will condemn them . " A crucial means through which Hamas accomplishes this is the international media . Just as Israel must relentlessly scrutinize its military actions in Gaza and their consequences , so , too , must journalists take a hard look at the way they cover this conflict . They must not allow themselves to act as accessories to Hamas 's murderous strategy that delegitimizes Israel and prolongs the Palestinians ' suffering . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Oren .	Michael Oren : More than a military strategy , Hamas has a media strategy He says that by exposing its own population to danger , it cultivates sympathy for its cause Oren : As any sovereign state , Israel ca n't tolerate attacks on its territory Media effectively absolves Hamas of responsibility for putting its own people at risk
CNN  -- Serbia is "  ready to talk " with Kosovo and "  we will do so in good faith , " Serbia 's president told the U.N. General Assembly on Saturday . "  Soon the two parties will be talking to each other for the first time in many years , " said President Boris Tadic . "  We must be patient and seek out those issues which allow confidence to be built on each side , " he added . "  There will be many issues to discuss and some of them will be complicated . You all can contribute to an atmosphere that creates trust . " Kosovo had long been a restive province of Serbia with a majority ethnic Albanian population until it declared independence in Feburary 2008 . This followed a civil war that raged in the 1990s between Kosovo Albanian insurgents and Serb security forces and Belgrade-backed Kosovo Serb paramilitaries . After that , the region operated under a U.N. mission and a NATO-led peacekeeping force . Serbia and many ethnic Serbs staunchly opposed the Kosovo independence move regard Kosovo as Serbian territory and refuse to recognize its sovereignty . Tadic said "  Serbia 's position remains unchanged " and that the "  unilaterally declared independence of Kosovo " wo n't be recognized . Kosovo is recognized by dozens of countries , including the United States . But Russia backs Serbia in rejecting its independence . Russia , a traditional Serb ally , also opposed NATO intervention in Kosovo in 1999 . The U.N. General Assembly recently adopted a landmark resolution calling for talks between Serbia and Kosovo , and the International Court of Justice recently ruled that Kosovo 's declaration of independence "  did not violate general international law . " Serbia , which says "  statehood has never been attained without the consent of the parent state , " says there is not yet a "  clear settlement " of the Serbian-Kosovo matter . He said it is critically important that the U.N. member states that have not recognized Kosovo 's independence "  to stay on the course of non-recognition " during talks . "  This will be a significant contribution to ensuring that unilateral attempts to impose outcomes to ethnic and territorial disputes are not legitimized , " he said .	Boris Tadic delivers address to U.N. He reiterates Serb stance on Kosovo U.S. and dozens of other nations recognize Kosovo 's indepence
CNN  -- This is no treasure hunt for a casket of gold at the bottom of the ocean . Instead , it 's like looking for a needle in a haystack , with this search potentially for no more than a few partly rotten timber frames on Newport Harbor 's sea floor . For years , the whereabouts of one of the most famous ships in nautical history -- HMS Endeavour -- has remained a mystery . "  I do n't like to call it treasure as there 's no gold or silver , " Dr Kathy Abbass , the executive director of Rhode Island Marine Archaeology Project , a not-for-profit organization set up in 1992 set up to study the area 's maritime history , told CNN . "  But it 's an intellectual treasure . " The Endeavour is now believed to have been intentionally sunk -- in a new life and under a new name -- during the American Revolution in 1778 . Endeavour is endemic to every Australian and New Zealand child 's education with a rich British and American history to boot . It was the boat on which Captain James Cook achieved the first recorded contact with the east coast of Australia , Hawaii , and the first circumnavigation of New Zealand . Cook also provided the first accurate map of the Pacific and is believed to have shaped the world map more than any other explorer in history . So how exactly did the British Royal Navy vessel get from exploring undiscovered far flung lands to lying in waters off the east coast of the United States , sharing the ocean floor with torpedoes and other 18th Century vessels ? A visit by Abbass to the Public Records ' Office , now The National Archives , in London uncovered the fact that Endeavour had been sold into private hands and was known as the Lord Sandwich by the time of its demise . "  Lord Sandwich was the first lord of the admiralty at the time so the name makes sense -- a nod by its private owner , " she says . "  We know from its size , dimension and these records that the Sandwich was the Endeavour . " In its new guise , it was used to house Patriot prisoners before it was one of 13 ships scuttled in a bid to stop a French invasion at Rhode Island . "  The American army was assembled on the mainland and the French sent a fleet to help , " she continues . "  There 's speculation that had the French fleet succeeded on that day , the revolution would have ended in Rhode Island rather than linger on for five more years . "  The British knew they were at great risk so they ordered 13 ships out to be scuttled in a line to blockade the city . They were sunk in fairly shallow waters . The French realized they could n't get close to the city and had to stay away but they still cannoned the city . " It is a far cry from its previous existence , arriving in Botany Bay  part of the greater metropolis that is Sydney now  in 1770 . It was a voyage on which it first came close to its demise by running aground on Australia 's Great Barrier Reef , a section later renamed Endeavour Reef , which Cook navigated in the dark and from which he escaped by ditching weapons on board to lighten the load of the vessel . It is now believed to rest alongside 12 other vessels in a two-square-mile area where that conjoined scuttling took place eight years later . Nine of the ships have already been located -- the most recent just last month -- and there is every chance that Endeavour could already be among those nine , although reaching that conclusion is a slow and pain-staking process . Simple math would suggest there is a 70 % chance Abbass and her team have already dived among the 300-tonne ship 's ruins . In recent weeks , the quest has been picked up courtesy of a new partnership with Australian Maritime Museum , located in Sydney just a short boat ride from the Botany Bay that Cook first encountered . Head of research Dr Nigel Erskine is a maritime archaeologist whose Phd was on HMS Bounty and who has dived with regularity in Newport Harbor . In Australia , the countdown has begun to 2020 and the 250-year anniversary of Cook 's arrival on Australian soil . Erskine admits that finding the ship , of which a replica has been made and was launched in 2012 , would be a major fillip . "  I 'm 60 years old and growing up there was a picture of Captain Cook and the Queen in most school rooms , " he recalls . "  It 's obviously a massive part of Australia 's heritage . " However , finding Endeavour is no certainty . He adds : "  It 's absolutely possible it might have been destroyed . Newport Harbour is very busy and there 's 13 ships there , American and English . It 's like an underwater jigsaw puzzle . " The search is done using a variety of methods such as sight sonar , which he likens "  to shining a torch on the ocean floor " , as well as GPS . Abbass is a realist too but is confident in the outcome . "  I do n't know if we 'll find all 13 but I think we have a good chance , " she says . "  It may have been salvaged or destroyed when the harbor was dredged but we do n't think that happened . We have a great chance of finding Endeavour . " Unlike her Australian counterparts , she is not solely obsessed with finding the one ship but with all of them , in her quest for greater maritime knowledge of American and British vessels at that time . If and when Endeavour is properly found , who does she belong to ? All Royal Navy vessels still belong to Britain wherever they end up coming to rest . Privately owned vessels , however , like the Lord Sandwich , as she became known , are a different matter . And when uncovered she will belong to Rhode Island , although getting to that point was not without its concerns . "  There 's no gold in the vessel so there was n't an issue of treasure salvers , " she explains . "  But with the history of Endeavour , there was a concern of someone trying to get to her . But a law is now in place that she belongs to Rhode Island although that does n't mean we wo n't share her . " The waters in the harbor are murky and visibility , at best , is no more than six feet . That combined with the cost of equipment and man power -- with limited financial resources -- makes it a slow process . The state of preservation depends how much the timber frames of the vessels are under silt , which because of their lack of oxygen effectively preserve the wood . For Abbass , those murky waters have become her life 's work . The search for that particular treasure goes on .	The search for Captain Cook 's Endeavour centers on two square miles in Newport Cook helped shape the map of the world on board the vessel from 1770 For years , its whereabouts remained but it is now thought it was scuttled in 1778 It is part of a total of 13 18th Century ships under water in Newport Harbour
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. troops routinely face the threat of roadside bombs while fighting insurgencies in Afghanistan . They need the most protective clothing the market can bear , and they 're getting it -- for now . North Carolina State University College of Textiles tests the flammability of different materials at this facility . Back home , a battle is brewing in Congress over the next lucrative contract for military uniforms . The issue boils down to the raw fiber used in their construction . Current uniforms are made in the United States , in Georgia , using a fabric called Defender M made by the TenCate company . It is favored by the military for its fire-resistant and breathable properties . But the fabric is made with a type of rayon imported from Austria , which normally would violate the military 's buy-American requirement . This specific rayon can not be produced in the United States for environmental reasons , so Congress passed an amendment allowing it to be temporarily imported . The extension expires , or "  sunsets , " in 2013 , but that year 's defense budget is being determined now . The idea of the sunset is to give U.S. manufacturers time to come up with a comparable product . At stake : a defense contract worth hundreds of millions of dollars . American competitors have submitted alternatives , but after independent testing at North Carolina State University College of Textiles , the Defense Department concluded that TenCate 's Defender M -- with its foreign-made fibers -- is the most flame-resistant . Dr. Roger Barker , who specializes in clothing flammability at the College of Textiles , conducted a demonstration for CNN . Based on his testing , the Army says Defender M resists fire the longest of other fabrics . "  What the new heat-resistant materials are able to do is add seconds of protection , so that seconds of protection can be the difference between a severe burn or a survival burn , " Barker said . "  Life and death , " echoes Sen. Johnny Isakson , R-Georgia , regarding those extra seconds of fire protection . He asked the Senate to extend the waiver . "  So long as it 's the best available in the world to protect our soldiers , we absolutely ought to maximize the use , " Isakson told CNN . "  There is no American competitor that can meet or exceed it , " Isakson said on the Senate floor . "  Obviously if there were , then that waiver would go away . " The U.S. Army 's uniform procurer says soldiers prefer TenCate 's product . "  They have consistently exceeded our expectations . This has proven to be a valuable fabric and well-received by our soldiers , " Jeff Myhre told CNN . In a letter to CNN , a top military official said the ability to procure the foreign rayon "  a valuable authority . " "  Our periodic review of rayon requirements within the Military Services and testing of alternative items that are available domestically continue to support the determination that satisfactory quality and sufficient quantity of rayon yarn conforming to the domestic source requirements can not be procured as needed , " wrote Ashton Carter , undersecretary of defense for acquisition , technology & logistics . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , opposed Isakson 's amendment , debating on the Senate floor that it "  permanently extends this waiver and will end all efforts to produce a domestic material to make military uniforms . " Sen. Jim Webb , D-Virginia , agrees with Graham that U.S. companies wo n't have an incentive to invest in research and development . He says the exception was supposed to be temporary , and "  favors foreign suppliers of rayon over our own American companies . " He argued on the Senate floor that in due time , U.S. companies would be able to demonstrate an ability to manufacture materials that meet Army requirements . He 's also worried about jobs . "  Some companies , like DuPont , for example , have already lost hundreds of jobs owing to their inability to compete for Army contracts , " he said . The Senate voted , and the nays had it . No extension , no more imports of this fabric as of 2013 . What next ? The House of Representatives is expected to take up the bill when members return from the August recess . Isakson is confident his argument will prevail . "  Facts are stubborn things . I think when the facts get out they 'll understand it 's the right thing to do . Our armed forces want it and it 's the best thing for our soldiers , " he said . Pentagon Correspondent Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	Uniforms made in Georgia by TenCate company , using a fabric called Defender M It is favored by the military for its fire-resistant and breathable properties Fabric uses rayon from Austria , which normally violates buy-American requirement Amendment at issue would continue to allow special rayon to be imported
Los Angeles  CNN  -- "  Barefoot Bandit " Colton Harris-Moore has sold the movie rights to his life story to 20th Century Fox , a studio spokesman said Thursday . The Fox spokesman , however , said reports the studio paid $ 1.3 million for the right were "  highly exaggerated . " Harris-Moore , 20 , was a teenager when he took a two-year joy ride running from the cops , which ended last year with his arrest in the Bahamas . As part of a plea deal , Harris-Moore agreed to give up any profits that may come from book or movie deals on his story . His attorney , John Henry Browne , has said his client wants any such money to go to the victims . Harris-Moore is estimated to owe more than $ 1.4 million in restitution . Harris-Moore led law enforcement on a wild ride across nine states and three countries . He stole , flew and crashed five airplanes . His final journey took him across eight states , leaving behind a trail of home and business break-ins and stolen cars . Surveillance video shows him taking off in a stolen plane from Bloomington , Indiana , heading to the Bahamas . Harris-Moore lasted a few more days before police stopped him by shooting up a stolen boat while Harris-Moore was stuck on a sand bar . Harris-Moore 's plea deal is expected to result in a 10-year prison term when he is sentenced in late October . He also faces an assortment of state charges . CNN 's Ted Rowlands and Matthew Carey contributed to this report .	20th Century Fox disputes reports it paid $ 1.3 million for movie rights Colton Harris-Moore awaits sentencing after a federal plea deal He has said money will go for restitution for victims
Florida prosecutors will not charge George Zimmerman after a domestic dispute with his girlfriend last month , State Attorney Phil Archer said Wednesday . The decision not to pursue the case comes days after Zimmerman 's girlfriend , Samantha Scheibe , said in a court document that she did n't want him to be charged . "  Upon reviewing the recent affidavit of the Ms. Scheibe and taking into account the conflicting statements about what occurred , the failure to cooperate with the ongoing investigation , and a lack of any other corroborating evidence or witnesses , there is no reasonable likelihood of successful prosecution , " Archer said in a written statement . Zimmerman 's lawyer praised the move . "  On behalf of George Zimmerman , I am pleased that I was able to present credible evidence to reasonable prosecutors who took the time to listen and that justice prevailed , " attorney Jayne Weintraub said in a written statement . "  This demonstrates how great our system is . " Zimmerman was arrested on November 18 at Scheibe 's Apopka , Florida , home after the two had a heated fight . According to a sheriff 's office report about the incident , Scheibe said that after an argument , Zimmerman broke a table with a shotgun and then pointed it at her "  for a minute . " Authorities said he was arrested on suspicion of aggravated assault and misdemeanor counts of domestic violence battery and criminal mischief -- accusations that Zimmerman denied . "  I believe that the police misinterpreted me and that I may have misspoken about certain facts in my statement to the police , " Scheibe said in a signed affidavit this week . "  I do not feel that the arrest report accurately recounts what happened . " Authorities had probable cause to arrest Zimmerman last month , Archer said . The Seminole County Sheriff 's Office , he said , "  as usual , did a thorough and highly professional job of investigating this case . " In the court document filed this week , Scheibe accuses authorities of pressuring her . "  When I was being questioned by police , I felt very intimidated , " she said . "  I was not allowed to call an attorney nor was I allowed to eat or drink anything for a very long time . " Heather Smith , a spokeswoman for the Seminole County Sheriff 's Office , denied that claim . "  As you know , we provided media with the 911 call from Ms. Scheibe , which occurred prior to deputies responding , " she said . "  Apparently , Ms. Scheibe may have misspoken about the facts of her interview as she had access to her phone and was provided with food . " Zimmerman 's arrest in November came four months after the former neighborhood watch captain was acquitted of second-degree murder and manslaughter charges in the death of teenager Trayvon Martin . The high-profile case sparked a heated nationwide discussion of race as well as debate over Florida 's "  stand your ground " law .	Zimmerman 's lawyer : "  Justice prevailed " But "  there is no reasonable likelihood of successful prosecution , " he says This week , Zimmerman 's girlfriend said she did n't want him to be charged Zimmerman was arrested in November after a dispute at her home
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- Fans of porn star Stormy Daniels are drafting her to run for the U.S. Senate seat in Louisiana now held by Republican Sen. David Vitter . And it 's no racy gimmick , they say . Porn star Stormy Daniels , who has no party affiliation , says she 's "  always up for a good fight . " The Draft Stormy Web site says that "  2010 presents the Pelican State with the opportunity to start with a clean slate -- to elect a representative that we can be proud of , who will work tirelessly , and who will challenge the status quo . We at the Draft Stormy campaign feel that Baton Rouge native Stormy Daniels is best suited to fulfill these duties . " Vitter is famous -- or infamous -- for his link to the "  D.C. Madam , " the woman who ran a prostitution ring . Elected to the Senate in 2004 , he admitted to "  a very serious sin in my past " in July 2007 after his phone number turned up in records of an escort service run by the late Deborah Jeane Palfrey , known as the D.C. Madam . Running for re-election , Vitter said his wife has forgiven him and is banking on the same sentiment from his constituents . Will the Draft Stormy move mean stormy weather for Vitter ? The senator 's office did n't return calls by CNN . But a spokesman for the state GOP said voters "  are concerned with real issues that affect their everyday lives and not with political or publicity stunts . " The Draft Stormy campaign was started by New Orleans resident and Daniels fan Zack Hudson , who insists it 's for real . Daniels , 29 , is n't affiliated with a party but is embracing the idea of a possible candidacy . Watch the adult entertainment star talk about a possible run " She said she 's planning a "  listening tour " around Louisiana to talk about a range of matters , including the economy -- which along with women in business and protection of children are the three issues listed on her Web site . When told Vitter can be a tough opponent , she said she 's "  always up for a good fight . " "  I think anyone that knows me ... is more than aware of that , " Daniels said . "  Politics ca n't be any dirtier of a job than the one I am already in . " According to a capsule bio on the Draft Stormy Web site , Daniels has been "  breaking barriers and shattering glass ceilings her entire life , " serving as editor of her high school newspaper and president of her school 's 4-H Club and eventually transferring "  her determination and talents to the professional level , becoming a featured performer in the adult entertainment industry . " Another stride was "  signing an exclusive contract with the video production company Wicked Pictures , a company committed to a health and safety first policy , as pertaining to its video performances . Stormy 's decision to sign with Wicked highlighted her commitment to sending a positive message to young people of the importance of practicing safe sex , " the bio said . Daniels has directed films for the company , won awards for writing , directing and acting , and has appeared in mainstream films such as "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin . " "  Originally , the focus was n't even about making me as a candidate , " Daniels said . "  I think it was about bringing attention to the Senate race in general . Then the response was overwhelmingly positive . And I think everyone is just running with it . " While her political aspirations may be a light diversion for Louisiana voters , reality will set in if Daniels tangles with Vitter . Clancy DuBos , political director of the New Orleans alternative newspaper Gambit , said Vitter is a brilliant politician with a campaign war chest worth $ 2 million . If the Daniels campaign is meant to remind voters of Vitter 's D.C. Madam link , the move could backfire , DuBos said . "  You are going to need someone better than a porn star , or a lap dancer , or a sex worker to nail David Vitter on this , " he said . "  You need a serious opponent who is himself , or herself , not guilty of something like that to say , ` Let 's talk about family values , shall we ? ' " The Draft Stormy movement said Daniels ' "  real world experience and special understanding of the economic hardships facing Louisianans and Americans make her uniquely qualified to take on the tough challenges we face . "  Our grass-roots movement spans the political spectrum and champions Stormy 's philosophy of personal responsibility and the promotion of individual enterprise . We eschew partisanship and labels , instead judging our leaders on their integrity , character and effectiveness . " CNN 's Sean Callebs contributed to this report .	Stormy Daniels fan insists movement to draft porn star for Senate campaign for real Republican Sen. David Vitter of Louisiana now holds U.S. Senate seat at issue Vitter , up for re-election in 2010 , is known for his link to the "  D.C. Madam " Daniels says she 's embracing possible candidacy , planning "  listening tour " of state
OPRAH.com  -- The recession has millions of consumers spending less , saving more and paying off debt . The fact that we are adjusting to the reality of this economy is good news , to be sure . There are items in any budget that can be scaled back easily . Financial expert Jean Chatzky warns there are items you should not cut out of your budget . But there 's some spending areas where you should n't budge . Retirement planning The Pension Rights Center counted about 20 corporations in December that announced changes to their 401  k  plans . Many others have discontinued or downsized their traditional pension plans . If your company is still offering matching dollars , you should keep kicking in money to grab them . "  To get that free money from your employer is so important for the long-term growth of your retirement nest egg . Especially now , with the down market , when you 're dollar-cost averaging in at lower prices , that free money has more value in the long run , " said Derek Kennedy , a financial planner in Cincinnati . If your company has cut back , it still pays to contribute . Also consider an Individual Retirement Account . You can get your money out any time and , after five years , use it without penalty for a first-time home purchase . Insurance Do n't cut your homeowners insurance thinking that because home values have dropped you do n't need as much coverage . What you 're paying for is the amount it would cost to rebuild your home and replace your belongings . If you need to save , boost your policy 's deductible . Raising it to $ 1,000 from $ 500 could shave 25 percent off the cost . Exercise Blue Cross Blue Shield of Minnesota just completed a study that found that people who go to the gym at least eight times a month have significantly lower health costs than those who do n't . You can get those same benefits by going for a brisk walk , running or riding a bike or by spending less than the cost of a monthly gym membership on a pair of dumbbells . Healthcare Some cuts are fine -- generic drugs instead of name brand , for instance . But skipping doctor visits is a bad idea , and so is canceling your insurance . "  I 've seen so many people go through horrendous financial nightmares and even bankruptcy because they do n't have health insurance . This is just not one you want to mess with , " said Jonni McCoy , author of "  Miserly Moms : Living Well on Less in a Tough Economy . " Charity Giving to others can make you feel better about yourself and your situation . If money is tight , donate items you no longer use , give canned goods , shop at thrift stores that benefit a charity or share some of your time . Oprah.com : Five steps to secure your financial future By Jean Chatzky and Arielle McGowen , Oprah.com exclusive , March 2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Financial expert Jean Chatzky : Do n't cut house insurance coverage Continue contributions to 401  k  if your company is matching Study finds exercise significantly cuts health care costs Giving money , goods or time to charities can make you feel good
CNN  -- California Gov. Jerry Brown signed into law Sunday a bill that prohibits most teenagers from getting bronzed in tanning beds , making the Golden State the first to do so . State Sen. Ted Lieu said he first tried , and failed , in 2007 to make it illegal for people between the ages of 14 and 18 to walk into a facility and use ultraviolet beds to tan . Four years later , his effort finally paid off . "  I feel great , " Lieu told CNN of the bill 's passage . "  I believe it will help save lives and prevent unnecessary suffering . " Previously , those between 14 and 18 could use tanning beds if they had a parent or legal guardian 's permission . That is no longer allowed , though the use of "  a phototherapy device ... used by or under the direct supervision of a qualified physician or surgeon " and certain services offered at tanning facilities , like spray tans , are still legal for young people . While most states regulate how minors can use tanning facilities , California 's recently enacted restrictions go further than any other state , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Some counties also address the issue , with the same organization noting that Howard County , Maryland , was the first jurisdiction to ban indoor tanning for all under age 18 . Governments in other countries have taken similar actions , with Brazil banning tanning beds altogether . Such steps come after the International Agency for Research on Cancer , which is part of the World Health Organization , in 2009 classified "  UV-emitting tanning devices as ` carcinogenic to humans . ' " The determination was made after reviews of more than 20 epidemiological studies found that one 's skin cancer risk increases 75 % when a person starts using a tanning device before they turn 30 , the agency noted on its website . Lieu explained that excessive tanning at an early age can be especially perilous because tanning and its negative effects are "  cumulative . " But he said that one concern is how tanning salons market such services . "  They often say come in  and get  the package deal , where you can tan a lot over a  relatively  short period of time and do intense damage , " said the Democrat from Torrance . Still , he said that at least in some circles -- including the MTV reality show "  Jersey Shore , " where "  gym , tanning and laundry " is a way of life -- he believes the message about the danger of tanning beds may be getting through . "  I know that Snooki on the ` Jersey Shore ' has changed to spray tanning , " Lieu said . "  Spray tanning has no known harmful effects , and you can get tans from lotions or cream . There are safe ways to get that brown look . "	California 's governor signs a law barring those ages 14-18 from using tanning beds The law is the most restrictive of any state , though Brazil banned tanning beds altogether The bill 's author says it will "  help save lives and prevent unnecessary suffering " A WHO agency has classified tanning beds as ` carcinogenic to humans '
Eerie , haunted , sad . Those words are being used in connection with what some workers at the 9/11 Memorial Museum in Lower Manhattan have called the "  Angel of 9-11 " -- an image some see in wreckage salvaged from the World Trade Center 's North Tower . Exposure to the elements over more than a decade sculpted what many viewers say is a human visage . The contorted beams were originally part of the first tower that was hit during the terrorist attacks early September 11 , 2001 . They have since been moved to the nearby National September 11 Memorial and Museum . Though the museum does not open to the public until spring 2014 , pictures of the 30-foot structure have elicited what some , in tweets , called "  stunned " reactions . Some posted that it touched their hearts and that they believe it to be sacred . Others consider it a common type of optical illusion . But their skepticism was tempered with thoughtfulness . Michael Shermer , publisher of Skeptical Inquirer Magazine and author of the book "  The Believing Brain : From Ghosts and Gods to Politics and Conspiracies , " is among the skeptics . He cited a phenomenon called "  patternicity " -- the human tendency to find meaningful patterns in meaningless noise . And he credited the brain 's software for allowing to see a face on the metal . Anything that looks like it has two eyes and a mouth "  stimulates the area that recognizes faces , " he told CNN in a telephone interview , citing such common examples as the man in the moon or a face in a cloud . A spokesman for the museum said he is aware of the symbolism of what some have detected . "  People often find meaning in tragedy , particularly in one as widely felt as the September 11 attacks , " said Anthony Guido , communications manager for the museum , in a written statement . "  This impact steel is historically important to include in the museum as it will help tell the story of 9/11 to visitors from around the world . " And the reactions of some of the workers add to that story .	Some people see an image in a piece of 9-11 wreckage at a yet-to-open museum It is being called the "  Angel of 9-11 " "  People often find meaning in tragedy , " says museum spokesman
LONDON  England  CNN -- Could the era of spend , spend , spend be about to end ? What is the biggest personal problem ordinary people face ? The answer increasingly , is debt . In the last 15 years countries such as the U.S. , UK , Australia and Canada have enjoyed an economic golden age . For many consumers it seems there is no product or experience that is out of reach as long as you have a few credit cards in your wallet . It 's been the era of "  because I 'm worth it , " $ 1,000 "  It " handbags , celebrity worship , four credit cards apiece and vacations abroad . But a flip side is emerging from this era of excess , with potent signs in the last week that the party is coming to a close . There have been warnings signs in the U.S. this week that the economy is slowing . Rising U.S. home foreclosures and a persistent housing slump have triggered a U.S. credit crunch which has unsettled global markets and raised concerns about a possible economic slowdown . The International Monetary Fund 's chief economist Simon Johnson said on Wednesday : "  We 've seen a shock that has spread to other industrialized countries faster than expected . It 's an important wake-up call for all of us . " On Friday the financial world was rocked when one of the biggest UK mortgage lenders Northern Rock received emergency support from the Bank of England . According to UK newspaper The Daily Telegraph , "  it 's further proof that the contagion of the credit crisis is spreading through the economy . " If the U.S. housing slump , IMF warnings and Northern Rock crisis are part of the economic big picture , then it 's also important to heed the calls from the coalface . What is the biggest personal problem ordinary people face ? The answer increasingly , is debt . Drowning in debt This week UK charity Citizens Advice Bureau  CAB  said the number of people seeking assistance on how to manage their debts reached record levels . It is now the most common problem the advice service handles . The advice service recorded 1.7 million cases last year -- a rise of 20 percent of callers with debt-related problems . Credit card bills and other loans were 40 percent of all inquiries , while there was a "  worrying " rise of people struggling to pay the basics such as utilities bills . The organization said the surge in calls for help was evidence that the lengthy consumer boom was taking its toll . They singled out the proliferation of debt consolidation companies for blame . Economist Andrew Charlton from the London School of Economics believes the U.S. housing slump and high levels of personal debt are part of the same problem : People on low incomes getting in over their heads with either housing stock or personal debt they can not afford . The house of cards comes down when it is time to collect : a slight upward movement in interest rates , a drop in house prices or job losses  4,000 in the U.S. in the last month , a four-year high  means payments can not be made and the lenders foreclose . The chickens coming home to roost For Phillip Hodson , Fellow of the British Association for Counseling and Psychotherapy , high levels of callers distressed by debt are no surprise . "  The chickens have come home to roost . At the personal level people have to face some very difficult decisions . It 's difficult to break the  credit card  habit and people whose habit is going to the mall will find it very hard , " he said . And what habits we have : More than 4.2 million Britons have no qualms about taking their next holiday before actually paying for the last , according to statistics from UK bank Alliance & Leicester . Research from Scottish Widows shows one in three adults in the UK refuse to plan their finances at all , and those who do find the time to review them set aside just five minutes a week . Reliance on credit is a problem to be tackled not only by consumers but also governments , with our addiction to credit having a serious ripple effect on the economy . In the U.S. an increase in credit card debt again pushed up outstanding U.S. consumer debt in July by $ 7.5 billion , the Federal Reserve reported last Monday . Consumer credit outstanding rose to $ 2.46 trillion in July , up from a revised $ 2.45 trillion in June , the Federal Reserve said . U.S. consumers are defaulting on credit card payments at a significantly higher rate than last year , "  raising the prospect of problems in the stricken U.S. subprime mortgage market spreading to other types of consumer debt , " according to the Financial Times this week . Credit card companies were forced to write off 4.58 percent of payments as uncollectable in the first half of 2007 , almost 30 percent higher than last year . Late payments also rose , and the quarterly payment rate -- a measure of cardholders ' willingness and ability to repay their debt -- fell for the first time in over four years . Simply put , we have developed a habit for credit cards that we ca n't afford , with people becoming adrift from old notions of delayed gratification : You save first before you purchase . Hodson told CNN about his grandmother using both sides of an envelope before she 'd throw it out and keeping pieces of string that could later be reused . This World War II austerity is now folklore although some pundits say panic over the environment and resource use , as well an increase in personal debt may bring the war generation 's frugal habits back into vogue . Why are we hooked on credit ? Philip Hodson sees a few factors responsible for our credit binge : "  We 've developed retail therapy -- it 's a drug -- but it 's a very fragile plant and to build an economy based on it is ridiculous . " He also says the government has encouraged a people to be reckless with money through their own bad example : "  The government must take much of the blame for encouraging a debt culture and saddling students early on with loans . " The availability of credit lines also contributes to the debt trap . In the U.S. , 80 percent of households have at least one credit card . Yet that is not enough for many credit providers . Five billion credit card solicitations are mailed each year nationwide , with each cardholder owning an average of seven credit cards -- three bank credit cards and four store or gas credit cards . Average household or individual debt  or both  is about $ 9,300 per household holding at least one credit card . According to the advocacy group Demos , the average balance among lower - and middle-income households is $ 8,650 . We use credit cards for computers , the latest gadgets such as iPods , holidays and fashion , all the things many of us now deem as essential . This readjustment of our needs -- perceiving that we now need more rather than the same or less also fuels our credit addiction . Economist Andrew Charlton believes our reliance on credit is symptomatic of prosperity : "  It 's the by-product of the boom . In for example , Australia almost 30 percent of the population have never lived through a recession -- young people believe you can always take on debt because it 's always easy to pay off . Prosperity is the cause of our credit addiction . " According to Hodson , celebrity culture has a lot to answer for : "  The credit problem is exacerbated by celebrity culture . It 's the ubiquity of television -- you are taught by the electronic media to envy people 's lives who are richer . " "  With celebrity culture 150 years ago your horizon would be your parish . Today anybody living on benefits can watch the plutocrats of the world having fun -- I 'm not surprised they are envious . " His advise to minimize envy ? "  Always compare yourself to poorer people . " The bulk of callers ringing the Citizens Advice Bureau are juggling debts but in the future Hodson thinks it will be harder to borrow money , due to the difficulty we 'll have in repaying it . When lines of credit tighten or dry up , we 'll have to readjust our spending habits and tastes . Luxury items will once again be out of reach for most except the super-rich . "  What 's the answer to borrowing ? " asked Hodson . "  It 's borrow more . But it 's musical chairs and what 's going to happen when you ca n't sit down ? " Hodson answers the question himself : "  I think a lot of people are going to be forced out of the credit economy because they ca n't borrow and they have a black mark against their name -- similarly if you default . Banks will start to discriminate more carefully . " As for our insatiable appetite to have the latest things and have them now : well it may be that if we ca n't afford them and no longer have a seemingly endless source of credit , we may have to go without . This in turn will tighten the screws on the retail industry . In UK newspaper The Independent , the "  spending squeeze " was forecast with "  retailers reporting falling sales as debt-laden consumers tighten their belts . " Some experts believe it 's not spiraling debt which will be the wake up call but the environmental costs of conspicuous consumption , while Charlton believes "  a recession will trigger a change in behavior . The next recession wo n't be like the last one , it will cut deeper . " E-mail to a friend	Global warning signs that an era of prosperity is over Debt has now become the main worry of UK citizens Fears that culture of consumption creates a "  debt trap "
CNN  There 's been plenty of talk lately about how dangerous stereotypes can be when it comes to the empowerment of our girls and young women . For instance , the #LikeAGirl campaign , which took a hammer to the notion that doing anything "  like a girl " should be viewed as an insult , has become an international sensation . Less discussed , though , is the reality that our boys face damaging stereotypes too . That was the motivation behind a recent workshop held by SheKnows Media , a leading women 's lifestyle media company . A group of New York City tween boys ranging in age from 8 to 10 got together as part of the company 's Hatch program , which focuses on teaching digital literacy and citizenship to the next generation . The boys were shown dozens of advertisements perpetuating hypermasculine stereotypes , such as images of men all muscled up and not wearing shirts . In one ad for a big truck , the boys heard the tag line "  Can a truck change how people feel about a guy ? " Is the ` be a man ' stereotype hurting boys ? Another advertisement , this one for a clothing company , showed a man from the waist down along with the caption "  Wear the pants . " "  That 's a man wearing the pants so that shows that men are in charge , " said one of the boys , who 's 9 . What was clear was that this group of boys knew what the advertisers were trying to get them to think , but they were n't exactly buying it . "  I play with girl toys and boy toys . I do n't really care which one is meant for boys or for girls . I just play with them . They 're toys , " said another boy , also 9 . "  Man up " might mean toughen up and be unemotional , said another boy , who added that his image of what a man should be is completely different . "  If I were to describe the perfect man , the words would be smart , not judgy , and kind , " said the 10-year-old . ` Dad ' gets a makeover in Super Bowl ads These boys certainly ca n't speak for all tween boys , but their comments reflect what appears to be growing attention surrounding the use of gender stereotypes for boys as well as girls . Seventy-six percent of men who took part in a recent online survey by SheKnows Media admitted using phrases like "  man up " and "  be a man " toward boys . Of the more than 1200 men and women surveyed from across the country , 73 % said boys are most often described as "  aggressive , " 69 % said "  strong " and 53 % said "  athletic . " When the men were asked about stereotypes during their teen years , 72 % said they became aware of physical attractiveness and 50 % said they grew more conscious about weight . Kids as young as 5 concerned about body image The awareness starts even earlier , according to a recent analysis of existing research on kids and body image by Common Sense Media , a child advocacy group . It found that over a third of boys ages 6 to 8 think their ideal weight should be thinner than their current body weight . "  These are problems that are often thought of as problems for girls , but boys are just as impacted and they 're exposed to unrealistic body images , " said Ellen Pack , vice president of marketing for Common Sense Media , which is partnering with SheKnows Media to help parents understand the impact that media and technology are having on children . "  The proportion of undressed males in advertising has been steadily on the rise since the 1980s , " said Pack . "  The same kinds of inappropriate messages that we 're giving to our girls , we 're giving to our boys too -- that they do n't measure up , that they 're not adequate . " At the same time , there does appear to be more open-mindedness on what being masculine means to men and boys today , based on the poll 's findings . Of the men surveyed by SheKnows , 78 % said it was OK for boys to cry , 65 % thought it was fine for boys to wear pink , and 55 % of men said boys should be able to play dress-up . "  You should be able to do your own things and do what you want , " said one of the boys , who is 8 . Sheryl Sandberg teams up with the NBA to get men to lean in The takeaway for parents is that they , more than anyone or anything else , influence the stereotypes their boys will encounter and what impact those stereotypes will ultimately have on them . "  We found the single most significant driver of their perception of what 's OK for boys was their parents , " said Samantha Skey , chief marketing officer for SheKnows Media . "  It was n't pop culture or Adam Levine or Usher . It was their parents , " she said . "  If their parents think they 're strong and appropriately masculine , then they are . Period . " Pack , of Common Sense Media , says parents should be talking about the issue to their boys when they are young , even as young as 5 , and should call out stereotypes when they see them . "  Do n't just turn your eyes . Use it as an opportunity to engage in a conversation with your kids and challenge assumptions , " Pack said . "  When you are seeing things on TV that you think are unrealistic , point it out . " I , for one , wish we could wipe out "  be a man " and "  man up " from all of our vocabularies . But , actually , why do we need to remove the language ? We just need to change what it means . The tweens involved in the Hatch workshop offer some real-life evidence that that may be already happening . "  When you go your own way , it feels good because you feel free and you can do what you want to do , and you do n't have to do what other people say , " one of the boys said . What do you think is the best way to empower boys and young men to tune out negative gender stereotypes ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter @kellywallacetv or CNN Living on Facebook .	A group of tween boys attended a recent workshop focusing on gender stereotypes In new SheKnows Media poll , 76 % of men admitted using phrases like "  man up " and "  be a man " The poll also found signs men and women are rethinking what masculinity means today
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Members of a Russian doomsday cult barricaded themselves in a cave to wait out the end of the world as the cult 's leader underwent psychiatric exams Thursday , Russian media reported . The cult , which calls itself the "  true Russian Orthodox Church , " believes the world will end in May . The cult leader is in police custody awaiting proceedings on charges that he set up an organization "  whose activity is associated with violence on citizens and instigation to refuse to perform their civil duties , " according to the state-funded Itar-Tass news agency . Four children are among 29 cult members holed up in a ravine in Russia 's Penza region , where they apparently dug a cave . One of the children in the cave is 18 months old , reported Itar-Tass . Temperatures in the cave are below 54 degrees Fahrenheit  12 degrees Celsius  , the Russian news agency reported . The cult members have refused law enforcement requests to come out or release the children , and they have threatened to commit suicide if police resort to force , according to Russian state television . The cult , which calls itself the "  true Russian Orthodox Church , " believes the end of the world will come in May 2008 . Prosecutors announced Thursday they are opening criminal proceedings against the cult 's leader , Father Pyotr Kuznetsov . Kuznetsov , 43 , is "  under the supervision of investigators , " Olig Troshin , a Penza prosecutor , told Itar-Tass . A law enforcement source in Penza told the Russian news agency Interfax that Kuznetsov "  is being examined by psychiatrists . " Several clergymen , police officers and agents of the Russian Ministry for Emergency Situations are outside the cave . "  It is obviously some kind of insanity , " Mitropolitan Kirill , a high-ranking Russian Orthodox Church official , told Russian television . "  It is perhaps even a medical case . A very dangerous phenomena is happening in Russia 's religious life . " He added , "  What we 're seeing in Penza right now is a most vivid example of what could happen to a country , to a society , if this society is deprived of proper religious education . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	Four children , one 18 months old , are among cult members holed up in cave Cult leader to face charges he set up a violent organization , news agency reports News agency : Cult members have threatened to commit suicide if police use force The "  true Russian Orthodox Church " believes end of the world is coming in May
CNN  -- Major pharmaceutical companies are increasingly looking to harness Africa 's opportunity , lured by an emerging middle class across the continent 's growing urban centers . Although the total size of the African market is still small compared to other global regions , analysts say that the continent 's big cities hold the key to unlocking the industry 's lucrative potential . In such areas , increasing individual wealth , coupled with a stronger health system infrastructure and a rising demand for drugs treating chronic diseases , are driving demand for pharmaceuticals , say analysts . "  Urban centers have the highest concentration of the segments of the population that are more likely to be relatively wealthy , more likely to be educated and also possibly more likely to suffer from the chronic diseases of affluence that are becoming increasingly important in Africa , " says Sarah Rickwood , director of Thought Leadership at IMS Health . Read this : Off-road bikers race to save lives in rural Africa According to a recent IMS report , called "  Africa : A ripe opportunity , " pharmaceutical spending on the continent is expected to reach $ 30 billion in 2016 , up from about $ 18 billion now . By 2020 , the market could represent a $ 45 billion opportunity for drug makers , spurred in part by robust economic growth and demographic changes . This can only be good news for people like Rudzani Modau , owner of Mangalani Pharmacy in Soweto , just outside Johannesburg in South Africa . "  The pharmaceutical business is growing and it will grow , " says Modau . "  It 's the next big thing in Africa . " Modau says his profits have soared over the last decade . "  We have a lot of potential in Africa , " he adds . According to the World Health Organization  WHO  , Africa is home to 11 % of the world 's population , yet accounts for 24 % of the global disease burden . But while infectious illnesses such as HIV/AIDS and tuberculosis still remain a major problem , the continent is also expected to experience a surge in demand for treatment of non-communicable diseases  NCD  , such as cardiovascular and respiratory disorders as well as cancer and diabetes , in the coming years . The WHO estimates that by 2020 the biggest increases in NCD deaths will occur in Africa . "  We 're seeing a movement of volume towards more products that treat chronic diseases , " says Rickwood . "  As urban populations are becoming wealthier , they 're more likely to have a Western diet , they 're living longer and they 're going to suffer the kind of chronic diseases that Western individuals suffer . " A 2011 report by the African Development Bank said that Africa 's middle class -- defined as people spending between $ 2 and $ 20 a day at 2005 prices -- increased to 34 % of the continent 's population in 2010 -- nearly 313 million people . The continent 's urban population is also projected to exceed that of China and India by 2050 , according to U.N. figures . Next to major market-leading multinationals such as Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline , which traditionally have had a strong presence in the continent , a diverse mix of drug manufacturers have made significant inroads in recent years . Indian and Chinese companies have more than doubled their imports to Africa over the last decade . In addition , some local players in South Africa and northern Africa have also had success , reaping the benefits of an already established market . In 2011 , South Africa , Egypt , Algeria and Morocco accounted for more than half of the continent 's pharmaceutical sales . It 's not surprising , then , that major cities in these countries are expected to be at the forefront of the industry 's growth . According to IMS , between 20-30 % of Africa 's $ 30 billion opportunity in 2016 will be driven by the top 10 cities in the continent -- all of them in South Africa and northern Africa , with the exception of Lagos in Nigeria . Excluding South Africa and northern Africa , 10 major sub-Saharan Africa cities make up another 12 % of the 2016 forecast . "  There is a rapidly growing opportunity across Africa , not just in the markets that are well established , " says Rickwood . "  Growth is strong and the macroeconomic indicators are that growth will continue to be strong over the next 10 years and probably beyond . " Read this : African CEOs look to bright future Yet companies keen to tap Africa 's pharmaceutical opportunity must overcome several challenges whilst operating in a diverse and heterogeneous market , made up of more than 50 countries , different languages , varied regulations and unequal levels of infrastructure development . Amid such challenges , the industry is also keeping an eye on the substantial threat posed by counterfeit drug makers , who are also trying to benefit from Africa 's expanding demand for modern medicines . "  Frankly , the presence of counterfeit keeps me up at night , " admits Kofi Amegashie , managing executive for the Africa region for Adcock Ingram Healthcare , a South African pharmaceutical company . "  We 've had instances of counterfeit in East Africa , so far that 's where we found counterfeit . You 've got to live with it , in that we ca n't eradicate it completely , but we 've got to stay on top of finding a counterfeit and bringing its presence to the authorities . " Still , despite these challenges , insiders say the industry 's future is bright . "  Without a shadow of a doubt , " says Amegashie . "  I 'd say that there is a boom and it 's going to get even stronger as the middle class grows . And I think you 've got to be on the ground now to be able to win in this segment . "	Africa 's urban middle class is attracting pharmaceutical firms Analysts say pharmaceutical spending will rise to $ 30 billion by 2016 The continent is expected to experience a rise in demand for chronic disease treatments Lack of infrastructure , varied regulations and counterfeit drugs are challenges
Rome  CNN  -- Pope Francis is creating a commission to prevent the abuse of minors and to support victims of abuse , Cardinal Sean Patrick O'Malley announced Thursday in Rome . The new commission is expected to tell church officials to collaborate with civil authorities and report cases of abuse , O'Malley said . But he also said that the church has focused on the judicial aspect of sexual abuse in the past , and that Pope Francis now wants to focus on the pastoral side , and caring for victims . The Pope has not yet chosen the members of the new commission but it will be international in composition and include experts , O'Malley added . The eight-member Council of Cardinal Advisers , which has been in Rome since Monday meeting with the Pope , proposed the special commission and the Pope accepted it , O'Malley said . The cardinals , who come from around the world , are helping the Pope with Vatican reform . The Vatican news service released a statement outlining the commission 's lines of action , including a look at guidelines , priest "  formation " programs , codes of conduct , and screening candidates for priesthood . No timetable for the establishment of the panel was given . Pope Francis calls for big changes in Roman Catholic Church Awaiting Pope 's response Observers have been awaiting Pope Francis ' response to a scandal that has generated deep mistrust in the church and driven many Catholics away from the faith , particularly in the United States . At a meeting with Dutch bishops earlier this week , the Pope spoke of the victims . "  I want to express my compassion and to ensure my prayers to all victims of sexual abuse and their families , " he said , according to the Vatican news service . However SNAP -- the U.S.-based Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests -- said the creation of "  another commission surveying bishops and recommending policies is meaningless . " "  It 's like offering a Band-Aid to an advanced cancer patient , " SNAP said in a statement "  Only decisive action helps , not more studies and committees and promises . ... Clergy sex crimes should be dealt with by secular authorities . " In July , Pope Francis announced a law making it a crime to abuse children sexually or physically on Vatican grounds . The acts were already crimes under church law , but are now specifically outlawed within the Vatican city-state , which is home to hundreds of people . The legislation also covers child prostitution and the creation or possession of child pornography . ACLU , Michigan woman sue Catholic Bishops over hospital rules CNN 's Eric Marrapodi and Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report	The commission 's purpose is to prevent the abuse of minors and support victims of abuse Commission members not yet chosen , will be international The proposal came from the Council of Cardinal Advisers , helping Pope on reform
A small mammal with fluffy red-orange fur , a short bushy tail , and an adorable rounded face has leapt onto the raccoon family tree . Scientists at the Smithsonian in Washington announced Thursday the discovery of a new species of mammal called the olinguito  pronounced oh-lin-GHEE-toe  . If you 're a fan of long technical names , this one is Bassaricyon neblina . Such a discovery is rare . The olinguito is the first mammalian carnivore species to be newly identified in the Americas in 35 years , according to Kristofer Helgen , curator of mammals at the Smithsonian 's National Museum of Natural History . His research group 's study on the creature is being published in the journal ZooKeys . Researchers argue that the olinguito should be considered the smallest living member of the raccoon family , which includes other animals that make us go "  awww " such as coatis and kinkajous . The Smithsonian describes the olinguito 's appearance as a cross between a house cat and a teddy bear . Cats , bears , and olinguitos belong to the Carnivora order . This animal had been seen before by humans , Helgen said , but it had been "  a case of mistaken identity . " "  It was in museums , it 's been in zoos , and its DNA had even been sequenced , but no one had connected the pieces and looked close enough to realize , basically , the significance of this remarkable and this beautiful animal , " Helgen said . Previously , scientists had assumed that olinguitos were members of their sister species , the olingos , Helgen said . Olingos are larger , less furry and have longer faces than the newly discovered species . Tracking the olinguito Helgen began his detective work in pursuit of the new species when he set out about a decade ago to comprehensive study of olingos . Behind the scenes at the Chicago Field Museum in 2003 , he remembers pulling out a drawer of skins and skulls that did n't look like any animal he had ever seen before , or that had been reported by zoologists . The teeth and skull were smaller and shaped differently than olingos , and the coat was denser . Records indicated to Helgen that such specimens came from the northern Andes about 5,000 to 9,000 feet above sea level , which is much higher than olingo habitats . Helgen and colleagues worked with Miguel Pinto , a zoologist in Ecuador , who had shot a few seconds of video that appeared to depict the animal . They teamed up in Ecuador in 2006 , using Pinto 's knowledge of cloud forest habitats to pick the best spots to investigate . Cloud forests are "  cloaked in fog , " Helgen said . On their very first night on the pursuit , the team found a real , living olinguito . Seeing the fluffy tree-dweller for the first time , Helgen felt "  sheer elation , just incredible excitement but at the same time almost disbelief . This animal had been missed by everyone . " Even people who live in the Andes had the same confusion about olinguitos being olingos , because humans do n't hunt them and the creatures stay in the trees , Helgen said . Ancient primate could be a missing link How it lives The researchers found out that the olinguito primarily eats fruits , but also insects and nectar , and its activity is mostly at night . The animal lives in the trees and can jump from one to another . Mothers raise a single baby at a time . At about 2.5 feet long from nose tip to tail tip , the olinguito weighs about 2 pounds and is a little smaller than a house cat . DNA analysis confirmed that while olinguitos and olingos both belong to the raccoon family , they are "  sister groups , " in the same way that humans are closely related to chimpanzees . The olinguito 's misty high-elevation habitats in Colombia and Ecuador , and the tendency for the animal to stay in the trees , have helped keep the species relatively obscure to scientists until now , Helgen said . It turns out , according to Helgen , there are four subspecies of olinguitos , differing in color -- shades of reds , orange and browns -- and size and living in various sections of the Andes . New species of mice , bats and shrews are more commonly discovered , but these animals are tiny and hard to tell apart , Helgen said . Prior to the olinguito , the most recent mammal to be discovered in the Americas was a small weasel from the Andes -- the same area and habitat where the olinguitos live , he said . "  It shows us that there 's a long way to go to exploring the whole world , but especially maybe these cloud forests , " Helgen said . More olinguitos may be found in other South American countries with cloud forests in the future , according to the Smithsonian . The olinguito is not yet considered an endangered species , but there are threats to its home environment , Helgen said . Many have such forests been chopped down . "  We also kind of hope that in telling this story to the world about the olinguito , that this beautiful new animal serves as something of an ambassador for those embattled cloud forest habitats . " The zoo olinguito Helgen 's group has "  discovered " the olinguito , but it been evolving as an independent species for about 3 to 4 million years , he said . One olinguito whose history Helgen 's group studied was exhibited in the United States during its lifetime as if it were an olingo . The creature came from the mountains of Colombia to the Louisville Zoo in 1967 , courtesy of a German couple with a love of raccoon family members , Helgen said . It was also in the Smithsonian National Zoo in Washington and the Bronx Zoo , where it passed away . DNA from this olinguito shows that it is clearly not an olingo , Helgen said . The wife of the animal 's keeper told Helgen , "  We always thought there was something strange about that olingo , " he said . She told Helgen this particular animal moved from zoo to zoo because she would n't breed with the olingos around her . "  It was n't because she was fussy , it was because she was not at all even the same species , " Helgen said . With the olinguito research announcement , the oddball animal 's aloofness has been vindicated . Chinese zoo angers visitors by passing off hairy Tibetan mastiff dog as lion Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter and Google + .	The olinguito weighs about 2 pounds and is 2.5 feet long This creature lives in cloud forests in Ecuador and Colombia Previously it was mistaken for its sister species , the olingo
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- During the 1960 presidential election , Theodore Sorensen helped then-Sen . John F. Kennedy draft a speech addressing Kennedy 's Catholicism and the separation between church and state . At the time , many questioned whether Kennedy , who would go on to become the nation 's first Roman Catholic president , would be influenced by the Catholic church . Theodore Sorensen helped write John F. Kennedy 's 1960 speech on Catholicism . Speaking to CNN Senior Political Analyst Bill Schneider , Sorensen discussed Kennedy 's famous 1960 speech and compared it to the speech on faith in politics delivered Thursday by Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney , who would be the first Mormon in the White House if he is elected . Question : Did Kennedy 's 1960 speech win him the presidency ? Sorensen : Well , he obviously did n't lose it , nor did he free the country from the curse of anti-Catholicism . The hate mail still poured into his office . The vicious picket signs were still seen out on the campaign trail , and , indeed , on Election Day . According to a University of Michigan survey , more people voted against Kennedy because of his religion than any other reason . Nevertheless , that speech , which was nationally broadcast and frequently rebroadcast , certainly took a lot of the poison out of the anti-Catholic issue and reassured all reasonable people . Watch Sorensen discuss why Kennedy gave his speech " Q. Could President Kennedy have delivered the speech Romney gave on Thursday ? Sorensen : No . Mr. Romney 's position on many of the issues are very different than JFK 's . JFK wanted to particularly stress that he believed in the separation between church and state . He believed that no one needed to worry about a Catholic bishop or a cardinal dictating to him as a president , and that freedom of religion included freedom for those to go to any church or not to go to any church at all . So , Romney emphasized the role of religion in public life more strongly than JFK did or would have . Q. Romney seemed to differ quite strongly with Kennedy on the privacy of religion , did n't he ? Sorensen : Yes , he did . In fact , Romney felt compelled for some reason to define his personal views of Jesus Christ . Kennedy said , as you noted , his personal views of religion were totally his business and not the business of the American people . Q. Romney made the statement "  freedom requires religion just as religion requires freedom . " Do you think Kennedy would have agreed with that ? Sorensen : I do n't think anyone would disagree strongly with that . There were some lines in the Romney speech that echoed the Kennedy speech . As an old speechwriter , I would congratulate Mr. Romney . It was a pretty good speech . I think he touched all the bases he wanted to touch . Q. Romney discussed his views of Jesus Christ , something that Kennedy avoided . Why did Kennedy avoid discussing his religious views ? Sorensen : Because -LSB- Kennedy -RSB- began the speech by saying his private religious beliefs -- his relationship with God or Jesus Christ or anything else -- was not a matter of public discussion . He did not think the election should be based on -- as he said , it 's not what kind of church I believe in , the question is what kind of country do I believe in . Q. Kennedy 's speech in 1960 is widely viewed as being successful . Do you think Romney 's speech is likely to be viewed as a success ? Sorensen : I assume so . I do n't think Mr. Romney should be denied the presidency because of his religion . Just as I do n't think Senator -LSB- Barack -RSB- Obama should be denied because of his race . Or that Mrs. -LSB- Hillary -RSB- Clinton should be denied the presidency because of her gender . This country is in deep , serious trouble , and thoughtful citizens surely are going to make up their minds based on the major issues confronting the country and the major qualities of the candidates and not on such superficial tests as religion , race , or gender . E-mail to a friend	Ted Sorensen helped draft Kennedy 's 1960 speech on Roman Catholicism GOP presidential hopeful Mitt Romney delivers speech on faith in politics Kennedy , Romney views on religion differ greatly , Sorensen says Sorensen says Kennedy viewed religion as more of a private matter
CNN  -- A Yemeni oil tanker hijacked in the Gulf of Aden was freed Monday and 11 Somali pirates were arrested , Yemen 's official news agency said . 11 pirates were arrested by Yemeni security forces in an operation to free the oil tanker . Three marines were wounded in the operation conducted by Yemeni forces , according to the SABA news agency . The tanker was seized Sunday on its way to Aden , SABA said . Aden is a port city in southwestern Yemen . Meanwhile , two pirates were killed and one injured when Yemeni troops freed three other ships Sunday , SABA reported . Four pirates were also arrested in the operation , it added . Piracy has become a major problem in recent years in the waters off Somalia , which has not had an effective government since 1991 . Despite the introduction of international naval patrols in the region , pirates have continued to attack commercial vessels and collect large ransoms , running into millions of dollars , from shipping companies . Attacks on ships in the Gulf of Aden and off Somalia 's coast accounted for 61 of the 102 attacks during the first quarter of this year . That compares with six incidents for the same period in 2008 , said the International Maritime Bureau , which issues regular reports on piracy worldwide . The European Union and several nations , including the United States , have naval forces in the region to protect vessels against pirate attacks . The head of EU naval forces in the waters off Somalia said recently that restoring long-term stability to Somalia will be what ultimately stops the attacks . Rear Adm. Philip Jones said : "  It 'll be a long period of time before that 's successful , and we must be ready to secure the seas until that 's in place . "	Oil tanker was seized Sunday on its way to Yemeni port of Aden Three Yemeni marines were wounded , two pirates killed in the operation Piracy is a major problem in the waters off Somalia Somalia has not had a stable government in place since 1991
Reader 's Digest  -- What causes the greatest amount of "  green guilt " across the globe ? Not recycling enough was the number one response in 9 out of 15 countries surveyed , followed by wasting water . A new global "  Around the World " poll , conducted by Reader 's Digest and published in all of its 50 April editions worldwide , found that Brazil was the country where the largest number  42 percent  polled said they feel guilty about not recycling enough , followed by Malaysia and Russia  both 40 percent  , China and the Netherlands  both 35 percent  , and France  31 percent  . The United States and the Philippines  both 30 percent  ranked below them . The most guilt in the survey was felt by the water-worried Spaniards . Cosme Ojeda , editor of Reader 's Digest Spain , says , "  In our arid country , we are all aware of the lack of water every day . " India  39 percent  and Italy  30 percent  ranked behind them , but it was also their biggest concern . Cristian Arratia , 28 , of Blue Mountains , Australia , told the magazine , "  I do stupid things like running the tap while I brush my teeth . " The United States , which has the highest number of motor vehicles per capita of any nation on earth  844 per 1,000 people  , also felt guilty about driving too much , according to 30 percent of Americans polled . Fran Musetti , 58 , of Clovis , California , said , "  Our society has become too rushed , and that 's why we drive everywhere . "	Not recycling enough was the number one response in 9 out of 15 countries surveyed Brazil  42 percent  had the highest number of people feeling guilty about recycling 30 percent of people in the U.S. feel guilty about driving
CNN  -- Japan 's national football team will not play at the prestigious Copa America tournament in July due to the earthquake and tsunami that caused devastation in the island nation last month . The 2011 Asian Cup champions had been one of two countries invited to take part as guests at the 12-team South American event , due to be held in Argentina from July 1-24 . But Japan Football Association president Junji Ogura traveled to Paraguay on Monday to meet his South American counterparts and ask that the "  Samurai Blue " not participate alongside Mexico . "  He believes the priority now is to try to save lives and reconstruction , " CONMEBOL spokesman Nestor Benitez said in a statement on Monday . "  On top of that , the Japanese FA has organizational problems due to damage to infrastructure . " Marvelous Mourinho record falls -- but will it ever be beaten ? Japan 's J-League has been suspended for five rounds until April 23 to save the electricity used to stage night matches , as the country tries to rebuild with more than 11,000 people killed and over 15,000 missing -- while problems still remain at a crippled nuclear power plant . Japan had been due to play in Group A with Argentina , Bolivia and Colombia , but a team from the Central American region such as Honduras or Costa Rica may now be invited . "  We had asked to be invited to the South American championship , first of all . Therefore , it is not for us to make a decision unilaterally , " Ogura told Japanese media before heading to Asuncion . The Mexico team have been regular participants at the Copa since 1993 , while the U.S. have been invited to take part three times .	Japanese FA asks to pull national team out of South American tournament Samurai Blue had been invited as a guest entry team along with Mexico JFA president traveled to Paraguay to have talks with CONMEBOL officials Japan 's domestic league has been suspended since last month 's natural disasters
Fifty years ago , smoking was linked to cancer in the first surgeon general 's report on tobacco . On Friday , Dr. Boris Lushniak , the acting surgeon general , issued the 32nd report on tobacco , saying "  enough is enough . " His goal : eliminating the use of cigarettes and tobacco . In 1964 , when Dr. Luther Terry released the first surgeon general 's report , the public learned smoking causes lung cancer . At the time , 42 % of American adults smoked , Lushniak says . Since then , "  Tobacco has killed more than 20 million people prematurely , " says Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , in the forward to the new report . The number of smokers has dropped to 18 % in 2012 , according to the latest estimates published Thursday by the CDC . But "  that still translates into 45 million people , including 3 million kids , " Lushniak says . "  One out of three cancers is caused by tobacco  and other smoking products  . " Even though the number of smokers has gone down , the figures of those dying from disease linked to tobacco products are up . While 440,000 people died from smoking-related causes in 2008 , that number has risen to 480,000 people dying each year , according to the report . And even though the latest data suggests 87 % of lung cancer deaths are caused by smoking and secondhand smoke , more smokers age 35 and older die from heart disease than lung cancer . Another alarming milestone , according to the report , is that women have caught up to men and for the first time are just as likely as men to die from smoking-related diseases . What 's new Thirteen cancers are now linked to smoking and secondhand smoke . Liver and colorectal cancer are added in this report . So far , there 's not enough evidence to say smoking causes breast cancer . Smoking does not cause prostate cancer , according to existing evidence , according to the report . Another finding : "  Exposure to secondhand smoke is a cause of stroke , " according to the report . People who do n't smoke themselves but are exposed to secondhand smoke have a 20 % to 30 % increased risk for a stroke . We know it can kill us : Why people still smoke For the first time , the report found that smoking can cause diabetes , erectile dysfunction , rheumatoid arthritis , macular degeneration , ectopic pregnancies and impaired immune function . Smokers have a 30 % to 40 % increased risk of developing Type 2 diabetes compared with nonsmokers . And women who smoke early in their pregnancies put their unborn at risk of having cleft palates or cleft lips , according to the report . Some 5.6 million children living today will die early because of smoking if things do n't change , the report warns . That 's one in 13 children , Lushniak says . Lushniak appears passionate about wanting to make smoking a thing of the past . The tools to do so already exist , he says , including making tobacco products more expensive . High-impact anti-smoking media campaigns , such as one the CDC conducted last year , as well as full access to smoking cessation programs may help . Smoke-free laws are needed across the United States , Lushniak says . "  It 's embarrassing in this country only half our population is covered by those laws . " He says he believes using the Food and Drug Administration 's authority to regulate tobacco products effectively and funding comprehensive statewide tobacco control programs at CDC-recommended levels will also help reduce smoking . "  But the current rate of progress in tobacco control is not fast enough . More needs to be done , " according to the report . The CDC recommends spending $ 12 per person from taxes and tobacco settlement money to reduce smoking rates , Lushniak says . "  Right now , only just over a buck-fifty is spent per person . " His message to current smokers : "  Tell them it 's never too late to stop . It 's best to quit smoking completely . Talk to your doctor , call 1-800-QUIT-NOW . " He also recommends supporting those who want to quit . "  It 's good for their health , your family 's health and the nation 's health . " Goal of a tobacco-free generation Lushniak says he has a new formula to create a smoke-free generation . It ca n't just be a federal government attack on tobacco , he says ; the battle needs to be fought on the local level , too , with nongovernmental agencies , academia , faith-based organizations , health care professionals and businesses . Lushniak has his work cut out for him . He has to devise a plan to prevent teens from wanting to smoke -- most adult smokers begin smoking as teenagers , according to the Mayo Clinic . The new report backs that up , stating that 87 % of smokers had their first puff on a cigarette under the age of 18 . And now kids have a new enticement : e-cigarettes . Last year , a CDC report found the percentage of middle and high school students trying electronic cigarettes doubled from 3.3 % to 6.8 % . While the safety of e-cigarettes is still being hashed out , some health officials fear these electronic devices may be a gateway to tobacco cigarettes and other tobacco products . Young people today do n't write letters anymore because they prefer to text , Lushniak says . He wants the younger generation to think of smoking like writing a letter -- that it 's no longer in vogue . As surgeon general , Lushniak oversees more than 6,500 public health professionals making up the U.S. Public Health Service Commissioned Corps . It 's the first uniformed service to go entirely smoke free , he says ; the others include the Navy , Marines , Air Force , Coast Guard and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . "  It is my sincere hope that 50 years from now we wo n't need another  surgeon general 's  report on smoking and health , because tobacco-related disease and death will be a thing of the past , " Lushniak writes in the report .	The new surgeon general 's report links 13 cancers to smoking Exposure to secondhand smoke causes stroke , the new report says Some 5.6 million children today will die prematurely if things do n't change , report says Acting Surgeon General Boris Lushniak says he wants a smoke-free generation
CNN  -- England 's Luke Donald beat new world number one Martin Kaymer by 3 & 2 to win the snow-hit WGC-Accenture Match Play in Arizona Sunday . Freezing overnight conditions and the unexpected snowfall struck the Dove Mountain course ahead of the 18-hole final , but once it begun it was Donald who warmed to his task from the start . He pulled three clear by the fifth , play briefly held up by a hailstorm which left the players sheltering for cover , and was never headed . But Germany 's Kaymer hit back when Donald three-putted the short sixth and a birdie on the par-5 eighth saw the gap cut to just one hole . PGA champion Kaymer drew level as Donald made a hash of the ninth , finding the desert rough with his second , but that was as close as he got to victory . Donald took the lead again with a birdie on the long 11th , extended it at the next as Kaymer bogeyed and went three-up with a further birdie on the 15th . He closed out the biggest victory of his career on the short 16th and the $ 1.4 million check . It was his third win on the PGA Tour , but first since 2006 , taking him to a career-high number three in the new rankings Monday behind Kaymer and compatriot Lee Westwood . "  It could n't have gone any better -- not to get to the 18th hole in any match this week and pretty much go through reasonably stress-free , " Donald told the official PGA Tour website . "  I played solid this week . It 's nice to get the victory . " Donald had never trailed throughout his six matches and needed just 73 holes to reach the final , beating Tiger Woods ' record of 77 . Kaymer will console himself with taking over as No. 1 from Westwood , but called Donald a "  very tough opponent " as he could never get to grips with his Ryder Cup teammate in the cold conditions . In the all-American third place play-off , Matt Kuchar beat Bubba Watson 2 & 1 in a scrappy match .	Luke Donald wins WGC-Accenture Match Play Championship in Arizona Donald beats Germany 's Martin Kaymer 3 & 2 in Sunday 's final Unexpected snowfall hits Dove Mountain course overnight Matt Kuchar beats Bubba Watson in third place playoff
Hollywood 's ongoing enchantment with politics continues with yet another political TV show ; CBS ' upcoming "  Madam Secretary . " The show tested the D.C. waters Thursday night with inside-the-Beltway 's media and political elites at a screening at the spacious U.S. Institute for Peace , aptly situated across the street from the real State Department . "  No , this show has nothing to do with Hillary or Madeleine or Condoleezza Rice or anybody else we know , " said actor Morgan Freeman on the Institute of Peace red carpet . "  It 's fiction . We made it all up and we will continue to make it up . " Freeman 's production studio Revelations Entertainment is spearheading the project . They might be making it up , but they clearly borrowed a little inspiration from real-life current events . In the premier episode , Syria as a political flashpoint , social media sabotaging negotiation efforts , the 24-hour news cycle eating away at every staged move , women 's roles in leadership , and the inability for "  Madam Secretary " to "  have it all . " There 's also the requisite mix of sex and comedic relief in typical Hollywood  and D.C.  fashion . Former Madam Secretary Madeleine Albright attended the premiere , sitting next to CBS ' Bob Scheiffer who made a cameo in the premiere episode . CNN 's Jake Tapper , NBC 's Andrea Mitchell , Politico 's Maggie Haberman , and Hillary Clinton 's right-hand woman Huma Abedin were all in attendance . There have been two women secretaries of state since Albright served under President Bill Clinton -- Rice and Hillary Clinton -- which means women have made strides with leading roles in two male dominated industries -- politics and TV . There has been a surge in female-centered shows about the nation 's capitol . Think "  Scandal , " "  Homeland " and "  Veep . " Leading lady Ta Leoni looked every bit the part of her on-air persona of Madam Secretary in a slim blazer-pants combo that put other pant suits in the crowd to shame as she fielded questions and picture requests . Actor Erich Bergen , who plays Leoni 's comedic lap-dog assistant on the show , weighed in on the L.A. obsession with D.C. "  It 's already addicting . Before it was on television portrayed fictionally , we were all news junkies , we were all interested in what was going on . I think it 's naturally drama -- it 's like a hospital , it 's like a law firm , anything that has natural drama built in . "  We all think we know the U.S. government , we all think we know how it works . We all think we know what happens . We obviously do n't , so this sort of gives us fulfills our need to see what 's going on inside there . " The premise and especially the premiere episode follow the formula set forth by other television dramas like "  Homeland " : two young men are being dragged through a dank prison , a cacophony of Arabic filling the air . Cut to the lofty campus of University of Virginia , where protagonist Elizabeth McCord leads a leisurely life as a professor . Jump to an untimely demise of the secretary of state that thrusts her into the national spotlight after the President personally begs her to fill the role . The show takes off from there , navigating the hallowed halls of Capitol Hill and the State Department .	CBS debuts a new show Sunday night about a female secretary of state It 's one of many shows from Hollywood with a Washington focus Stars of the show stopped by the nation 's capital for its premier
CNN  -- If you received shiny new gadgets for the holidays , you probably have some older device that is now unwanted or obsolete . If you ca n't regift your old computer , tablet or TV , make sure you get rid of it the smart way by selling , donating or recycling it . Before you part ways with your device , make sure to wipe it clean and permanently delete any personal data . Sell for cash If you 'd like cash in exchange for your gently used gadgets , you can sell them online . How much money you earn depends largely on how much time and effort you 're willing to put into hawking the device . It 's easy to get caught up trying to get the best possible price for your old iPad or smartphone , and before you know it you 've wasted a chunk of your holiday vacation jockeying for an extra $ 50 . Selling directly on sites such as Craigslist , eBay or Amazon can net the best prices , but it also comes with its own set of hassles , including the time commitment required to sign up and create a listing , as well dealing with flaky buyers . Technology depreciates quickly , so you 're unlikely to make back the full $ 500 you spent on an iPad 2 just last year . To find out how much you can get , look at past eBay auctions for the same item . Do a search for the gadget name and select "  Completed Listings " from the Show Only menu , then select the auction tab at the top of the list . Prices will vary according to condition . For example , an unopened Nexus 7 in the box recently went for $ 251 , while a Nexus 7 with a cracked screen sold for just $ 81 . You can also check Pricenomics.com to see a list of current sales and a handy chart showing the average price of the device over time . For an easier but less lucrative selling experience , consider using one of the many sites that specialize in buying used electronics . Gazelle.com buys back Apple products and some third party smartphones . NextWorth buys back iPhones and iPads , as well as cameras , e-readers , game consoles and other products . It will pay around $ 74 for a Nexus 7 in good condition . If you have an old cell phone , try ReCelluar . Buy back kiosks are popping up across the U.S. EcoATM examines your device and offers a price based on its condition . If you decide to sell it , you 'll drop in you device and receive cash right away . You can search for the nearest EcoATM on the company 's website . Trade for credit If you 're going to use any profits to buy even more technology , trade-ins can offer a better deal than selling . Most major electronic retailers have established trade-in programs that offer store credit toward a future purchase . First check with the manufacturer of your device to see what kinds of prices they 're offering . Apple has a Reuse and Recycling program that offers Apple Store credit for your old iPads , iPhones , iPods and computers . Wireless carriers including AT&T , T-Mobile and Verizon buy back old phones for store credit . Amazon 's trade-in site will buy back Kindles as well a variety of other electronics . It even takes video games , music and movies . In exchange , you 're issued an Amazon.com gift card that you can use for any product on Amazon . Other electronic retailers such as Best Buy , Game Stop , Target and Radio Shack offer store credit for phones , tablets , computers , TVs and more . Donate for karma You might not do much with the hundred or so dollars you get for that used laptop , but a local school or library could benefit greatly from having more working computers . There are many options for donating your old devices , from local charities to larger established programs . Goodwill and Dell teamed up for the Reconnect program , which accepts donated computers at select Goodwill locations . The official site has a full list of items it will accept and locations near you . The Salvation Army also accepts used computers and electronics . If you 're donating a cell phone , the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence , Cell Phones for Soldiers and the 911 Cell Phone Bank are just some of the many charitable projects that can do good with your old handset . You can also call local schools or community centers directly to see if they accept donations . AmericanCellPhoneDrive.org will find nearby organizations accepting phone donations . Recycle for the environment If your device is too old or damaged to sell , do n't just chuck it into the trash can , recycle it . Most governments offer local options for electronics recycling . Check in your area for schedules and drop off locations . Recycling keeps dangerous chemicals out of landfills and saves natural resources by cutting down on mining and minimizing pollution resulting from manufacturing .  Recycle any batteries separately . Many electronics manufacturers also have mail-in and drop-off recycling programs for their old devices , including Apple , Samsung and Sony . Wireless carriers will take old flip phones at no cost . Head to the nearest Best Buy and they will take electronics off your hands for free . In-person drop offs are also available at Office Depot and Staples , though sometimes a small fee will be charged to cover the cost of processing .	You can sell old computers , tablets and phones online for cash Many manufactures and online retailers buy back old devices for credit Donate computers and tablets to schools , or phones to a number of charities If something ca n't be sold or donated , do n't throw it out ; recycle it for free at Best Buy
Escalating violence in the Central African Republic is posing a threat to children , with at least two beheaded and thousands recruited as soldiers , the United Nations said . The United Nations says it verified the deaths of 16 children since violence broke out in the capital of Bangui on December 5 . Dozens of others have been injured . "  We are witnessing unprecedented levels of violence against children . More and more children are being recruited into armed groups , and they are also being directly targeted in atrocious revenge attacks , " said Souleymane Diabate , UNICEF representative in the nation . Number of child soldiers doubles Late last year , the U.N. said the number of child soldiers in the nation had doubled to 6,000 as violence escalated . "  Targeted attacks against children are a violation of international humanitarian and human rights law and must stop immediately . Concrete action is needed now to prevent violence against children , " Diabate said . In the capital , 370,000 people -- about half the population -- have been displaced , the United Nations said . More than 935,000 people have been internally displaced nationwide , the U.N. refugee agency said on Friday . Chaos , violence The nation plunged into chaos after a coalition of rebels named Seleka ousted President Francois Bozize in March , the latest in a series of coups since the nation gained independence . They accused him of reneging on a peace deal and demanded that he step down . Months before his ouster , both sides had brokered a deal to form a unity government led by the President . But that deal fell apart as the rebel coalition pushed its way from the north toward the capital of Bangui , seizing towns along the way . Rebels infiltrated the capital in March , sending Bozize fleeing to Cameroon . Fears of genocide Since then , political turmoil raged and violence became the order of the day . Seleka is a predominantly Muslim coalition , and to counter the attacks , vigilante Christian groups fought back . The country descended into anarchy , and the United Nations has warned that a genocide is brewing . Aid agencies have warned of a humanitarian crisis as rapes , killings and other horrors grow in the nation . An unknown number of people have been killed in remote rural areas that are too risky to access . Others have fled into forests . Aid agency Doctors Without Borders said Thursday it will reduce medical activities at the airport in the capital because of insecurity .	Internally displaced number exceeds 935,000 , U.N. says U.N. reports escalating violence against children Thousands of children recruited into armed groups Number of child soldiers in the nation has doubled to 6,000 , U.N. says
The Colorado movie theater where a shocking gun rampage in July killed 12 people and wounded 58 others reopened Thursday despite criticism from the families of some of the victims . A night of remembrance was held at the Aurora Century 16 cinema complex in the theater next to the one where James Holmes , a 25-year-old former doctoral student in neuroscience , is alleged to have carried out the terrifying shooting spree . In an effort to offer support , elected officials and community members joined victims and their relatives at the ceremony , which was followed by a screening of "  The Hobbit . " They also acknowledged that the decision to reopen the movie theater remained controversial . Earlier this month , the relatives of nine people killed in the attack said the invitation to the remembrance event was "  disgusting " and "  wholly offensive to the memory of our loved ones . " They criticized the timing of the invitation , two days after Christmas , and called it a publicity ploy by Cinemark USA , which runs the movie theater . Accused gunman 's doctor , university face lawsuits "  Our family members will never be on this Earth with us again and a movie ticket and some token words from people who did n't care enough to reach out to us , nor respond when we reached out to them to talk , is appalling , " the family members wrote in a letter to the theater chain 's management that they shared with CNN . Local officials , though , described the re-opening Thursday as a positive step for the community . Aurora Mayor Steve Hogan said it was "  part of the recovery process , " and that he had attended the event because he could not "  allow the shooter in any way , shape , or form to win . " "  We heard overwhelming support from the people of Aurora to reopen it and restore its place as a valued part of our community , " Hogan said . "  Many still suffer or grieve , and we will continue to support all of them in whatever way we can for as long as they need it . " Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper echoed Hogan 's sentiments . "  Everyone heals , some slower , some in different ways , some wanted this theater to reopen , some did n't , " Hickenlooper said . "  For many here tonight , this is the path to healing and part of that process . For everyone here , I think I speak for the entire state that we remain here for you , for the entire community of Aurora . Colorado is with you . " Some of the victims of the shooting who attended the event said they drew strength from it . "  I feel like I 'm a different person for coming , and that brings about some healing , " said Marcus Weaver , who was shot in the arm in the attack . "  And just like with my arm , it 's going to take some time to heal . " Tim Warner , the chief executive officer of Cinemark , which is facing lawsuits from several victims ' families and survivors , praised the city for its resilience and thanked the first responders who assisted the victims . "  Recovery is an ongoing process , and we are glad to be with you tonight to acknowledge how far we have to come and how far we have yet to go , " he said . Cinemark has switched the way it identifies the different theaters at the Aurora Century 16 from numbers to letters . Theater 9 , where the shooting happened , is now officially known as Theater I . The remembrance ceremony , which started and finished with a prayer , took place as courts deal with the consequences of the attack . Holmes is awaiting formal arraignment for 166 charges -- including murder , attempted murder and weapons offenses -- related to the July 20 rampage , which took place during a screening of "  Batman : The Dark Knight Rises . " And 14 people have recently filed legal documents indicating they are planning to sue Dr. Lynne Fenton , the psychiatrist who treated Holmes , and the University of Colorado Denver , where she worked , for negligence . Jacque Montgomery , a university spokeswoman , said university officials are aware of the pending lawsuits . "  We understand that there is pain and frustration amongst the families of the deceased and victims of this terrible crime , and we have great sympathy for them , " Montgomery said in a statement . "  We do believe , as well , that the facts will speak for themselves as the legal process moves forward . "	A night of remembrance is held at the Aurora Century 16 movie theater It takes place despite criticism from the relatives of some victims The Aurora mayor says the reopening is "  part of the recovery process " The shooting rampage in July killed 12 people and wounded 58 others
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- U.S. Vice President-elect Joe Biden assured Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari on Friday that the incoming Obama administration will continue to support Pakistan 's efforts to strengthen democracy and combat terrorism , according to Pakistan 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs . Vice President-elect Joe Biden meets Pakistani officials in Islamabad , Pakistan , on Friday . Biden told Zardari that the new U.S. administration would also help Pakistan "  meet its socio-economic requirements and capacity building , " the ministry said in a written statement . The vice president-elect "  assured the Pakistani leadership " of the United States ' "  continued assistance to Pakistan , " the statement said . No additional details were provided . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , accompanied Biden on the trip . Biden "  described Pakistan as an incredibly valued U.S. ally and said that the U.S. recognized Pakistan 's important contribution and sacrifices in the fight against terrorism , " the ministry said . Zardari , who took office in September , said "  Pakistan needed the support and understanding of the international community in this effort , " according to the statement . Pakistan 's government is waging a bloody battle against Taliban and al Qaeda militants in its tribal regions along the border with Afghanistan . The United States has provided Pakistan with billions of dollars in aid for those counterterrorism activities . Last year , the Senate Foreign Relations Committee passed a bill authorizing $ 7.5 billion in non-military aid over the next five years . The measure is sponsored by committee chairman Biden and the ranking Republican on the panel , Sen. Richard Lugar of Indiana . It would provide money for developments such as schools , roads and medical clinics , and it conditions security aid on State Department certification that Pakistan is making efforts against the Taliban and al Qaeda . The bill has not come before the full Senate . Biden also said he was hopeful that India and Pakistan could resolve their conflicts , according the ministry . "  The U.S. vice president-elect expressed the hope that both Pakistan and India will be able to overcome the current tensions and would resolve their differences peacefully , " the ministry 's statement said . November 's attacks in Mumbai , India , fueled tensions between Pakistan and India , longtime rivals that have fought three wars since independence and conducted tit-for-tat nuclear weapons tests in 1998 . India has said Islamic militants trained in Pakistan were behind the three-day siege of India 's financial capital . Pakistani officials have promised to cooperate with the investigation but have insisted that India show it the evidence supporting its case . On Wednesday , Pakistan 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the sole surviving suspect in the Mumbai attacks , which killed more than 160 people , is a Pakistani national , state-run media reported .	NEW : Vice President-elect Joe Biden hopes Pakistan , India overcome tensions Biden and Sen. Lindsay Graham meet in Islamabad Biden assures Pakistani president of support against terrorism Pakistan is one of main focus points in war to defeat the Taliban
CNN  -- A fast-growing wildfire had 500 firefighters battling high winds and steep terrain Wednesday as the blaze moved toward homes and resort cabins just north of Slide Rock State Park in Arizona . The fire , which began Tuesday afternoon and was likely caused by a person , has already grown to 4,500 acres , according to the U.S. Forest Service . About 3,200 residents in Coconino County were given pre-evacuation notices . About 300 structures were threatened by the blaze , none of which has been contained . Frank Garrison owns 20 rental cabins in the area . "  It 's my home , my property , my livelihood , " he told CNN affiliate KTVK . "  Everything . " He had packed his pickup and was in a line of cars of people leaving the area Wednesday . The Butterfly Garden Inn said it was able to get all staff and guests out . "  We are praying for the safety of our beautiful inn and for the brave firefighters working tirelessly to save it , " the inn said on its Facebook page . "  Please help us pray for a miracle . " Connor Packard stood atop his mother-in-law 's roof , spraying water from a garden hose . "  Just spraying down the roof and the yard just in case any embers float down , " he told KTVK . "  There 's already a bunch of ash floating down . " The Slide Fire , as it has been named , is burning an area called Oak Creek Canyon . The hilly terrain and 30 mph wind gusts made it difficult for firefighters . The area is popular in the summer with tourists looking to escape the heat . Fodor 's Travel named it one of the top 10 state parks in the United States . "  There 's pretty much one reason and one reason only to visit Slide Rock State Park , seven miles north of Sedona : to slip down the smooth , red-sandstone water slide and be carried over the surface by a cooling creek into the swimming hole below , " Fodor 's wrote . The park is a 43-acre historic apple farm , according to the Slide Rock website . No one has been injured because of the fire , the forest service said . Smoke from the fire was drifting to the northeast and had reached Utah , 150 miles away . What to know about wildfires 17-year-old appears in juvenile court in California wildfires case CNN Shane Deitert , Dave Alsup and Greg Morrison contributed to that story .	Fire grows to 4,500 acres in one day Slide Rock State Park is popular with tourists in the summer No one has been injured by the fire Several hundred homes , rental cabins , other buildings are threatened
Washington  CNN  -- Overriding objections from China , the Obama administration unveiled a $ 6.4 billion arms deal with Taiwan on Friday -- including about $ 2.85 billion in missiles . The sale includes 60 Black Hawk helicopters  totaling $ 3.1 billion  , 114 advanced Patriot air defense missiles ; a pair of Osprey mine-hunting ships ; and dozens of advanced communications systems . China has complained to the United States about the sale of Patriot missiles and other weapons to Taiwan , which neither Beijing nor Washington recognize as a sovereign nation . The deals do not include F-16 fighter jets , which China has vehemently opposed . China 's Vice Foreign Minister He Yafei issued a statement in response to Friday 's announcement , saying the arms deal was a "  rude interference in China 's internal affairs , severely endangering China 's national security . " He added , "  China expresses its strong indignation . " The State Department described the latest round of arms sales to Taiwan as a way to guarantee security and stability , despite China 's objections . "  This is a clear demonstration of the commitment this administration has to provide Taiwan with defensive weapons it needs and as provided for in the Taiwan Relations Act , " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said at his regular Friday briefing . "  We think this action is consistent with the U.S. one-China policy ... and contributes to maintaining stability and security across the Taiwan Strait . " He said the State Department had informed the U.S. Congress as well as China and Taiwan about the arms package . Crowley would not speak directly about the timing of the announcement of the sales , and about the fact that the arms package does not include F-16s . The arms sales come as the United States is hoping to persuade China to sign on to harsher sanctions against Iran and just after Secretary of State Hillary Clinton criticized China for its policies relating to the Internet . A senior U.S. official said later that the United States expected Chinese criticism of the arms deal , but does not expect permanent damage . "  We 've worked through these issues before . We will do so again , " the U.S. official said , seeking anonymity on such an important policy issue . "  What is important here is the stability in the region . And we do think our ongoing sales of arms to Taiwan is fully consistent with everyone 's long-term interest in stability in the region . " The official said he believed Clinton had discussed the sale in London with her Chinese counterpart on the sidelines of Thursday 's international conference on Afghanistan . "  This relationship between the United States and China is broad , it 's deep . There are a large number of issues . We do n't see eye to eye with them and we have to have and do have the ability to speak honestly , " the official said . The arms deal is the latest chapter in a decades-long uneasy standoff ; China claims Taiwan is its own territory and has threatened to invade if Taiwan ever declares independence . The United States has said it will defend Taiwan if China ever attacks . The government in Taiwan began as the remnant of the government that ruled over mainland China until a Communist insurrection proved victorious in 1949 . With the Communist takeover of mainland China , the losing faction fled to the island of Taiwan . Taiwan is formally known as the Republic of China , while Communist China 's official name is People 's Republic of China . Many Western nations and the United Nations recognized Taiwan as the legitimate Chinese government until the 1970s .	Sale includes 60 Black Hawk helicopters , 114 air defense missiles , mine-hunting ships China says it "  is strongly dissatisfied " with arms sales to Taiwan by the United States Deals do not include F-16 fighter jets , which China has vehemently opposed State Department says arms sales guarantee security and stability "  across Taiwan strait "
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Like most people who visit Las Vegas , Hillary Clinton had an interesting few hours during her time on Monday . She met a legendary boxing promoter at a fundraiser that was held down the hall from a wedding . And she crossed paths with an uber-GOP moneyman at a dinner with 900 of Nevada 's biggest philanthropists and donors , where Clinton was presented with a pair of "  running " shoes . All in an odd days work for Clinton as she tours the nation for a combination of paid and political speaking engagements . Clinton ended her night keynoting a fundraiser for the University of Nevada-Las Vegas Foundation , where the former secretary of state collected a $ 225,000 paycheck for a speech that touted the need for more access to higher education . Clinton : ` Is that a marijuana plant ? ' "  More needs to be done , " Clinton said of making higher education available . "  Higher education should n't be a privilege for those able to afford it . It should be an opportunity widely available for anyone with the talent and determination and ambition to learn . " While the event was trumpeted as a night with Hillary Clinton , the gala was also a forum to honor Sheldon Adelson , the controversial casino magnate who operates numerous casinos in Nevada and overseas . Adelson , who was honored on Monday for his $ 7 million commitment to UNLV 's hotel college , dished out millions of dollars to Republican presidential hopefuls in 2012 and is expected to do the same in 2016 . Adelson and Clinton met backstage before the former first lady 's speech and , according to Clinton , joked about their differences . "  Sheldon said to me ` Gee , I wish they paired me with you to ask the questions , we could have a really  good  debate , " Clinton said to laughs from the audience . Clinton was n't exactly effusive in honoring Adelson 's donation to UNLV at the top of her speech , though . While she heralded others work for UNLV , she said the casino magnate 's "  work in this community ... was also honored " tonight . Clinton 's message , like during most speeches , struck a bipartisan tone . "  I think it is time we get back to working together again , " Clinton said . "  And that we do it in spirit of openness and understanding that we may have different views ... but we are Americans and most importantly we have to be on the American team . " Clinton was also interviewed on stage Monday by Brian Greenspun , the publisher of the Las Vegas Sun and Bill Clinton 's college roommate . Greenspun , who referred to Clinton as a "  friend " on stage , kicked off their conversation by presenting Clinton with a pair of running shoes . The newspaper publisher was clear to point out that his wife bought the shoes "  in the section that said running shoes , " a reference to Clinton 's likely run for the presidency in 2016 . Clinton 's appearance at UNLV was controversial when it was announced over the summer because the university foundation was paying Clinton at the same time that tuition was being raised for students . On Monday , event organizers argued that the fee was worth it because the event would raise more money than the foundation would spend . Clinton started the day in Colorado , where she headlined a closed fundraiser for Sen. Mark Udall , who is running for re-election . The pair also visited a local coffee shop and joked about the designs at the top of their lattes . "  Look at you , you got like a plant , " Clinton said to Udall . "  Is that a marijuana plant ? " Clinton joked , referring to Colorado 's recent decision to legalize marijuana . Her first event in Las Vegas was headlining a fundraiser for the Reid Nevada Fund , a joint fundraising agreement between the Nevada Democratic Party and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's reelection campaign . The event was well attended by a who 's who of Nevada Democrats and big-money donors in the Silver State . Representatives Dina Titus and Steven Horsford attended the $ 10,000-a-person VIP event . Roberta Lange , chairwoman of the Nevada State Democratic Party , also attended , as did Peter Palivos , a controversial philanthropist and Reid donor . But by far the most colorful attendee was Don King , the legendary boxing promoter . "  I have been a supporter of Secretary Clinton for a long time , " King said as he walked into the event . "  She is a dynamic woman , and I am a fighter for woman 's rights . " King sported a jean jacket decorated with stars and stripes . He carried with him both an American and Israeli flag and was trailed by both a still photographer and a videographer -- paid for by him -- who said they were making a documentary about his political life . As for whether he supports Clinton running for president in 2016 , King would not say , though he did say she "  would be a fighter from the womb to the tomb . " As attendees left the Reid fundraiser and headed to the UNLV event , the sharply dressed couples passed a small "  wedding in progress " at the Aria Hotel and Casino chapel . Only in Vegas .	Hillary Clinton met GOP uber-donor Sheldon Adelson backstage at event She was in Las Vegas to headline two fundraisers At University of Nevada-Las Vegas , Clinton said education needs to be "  widely available " Clinton also met Don King , the legendary boxing promoter , at one of the fundraisers
CNN  -- Four police officers fatally shot in a Washington coffee shop last month were "  the best of who we can be , " Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire told thousands of people gathered at the officers ' memorial service on Tuesday . Nearly 20,000 people -- mostly police officers from across the United States and Canada -- attended the service in the Tacoma Dome in Tacoma , Washington , CNN affiliate KIRO reported . "  Sgt. Mark Renninger -LSB- and -RSB- officers Tina Griswold , Ron Owens and Greg Richards were the best of who we can be : Dedicated leaders and citizens who cared for their community , " Gregoire said at the service . The Lakewood police officers -- Renninger , 39 ; Griswold , 40 ; Owens , 37 ; and Richards , 42 -- were fatally shot November 29 in a coffee shop near Lakewood by an Arkansas parolee with a lengthy criminal history , police said . The suspect , Maurice Clemmons , 37 , was shot dead by a Seattle , Washington , police officer two days later after a manhunt that stretched across the Seattle and Tacoma areas . Before the service Tuesday , a procession of thousands of police vehicles went from McChord Air Force Base to the Tacoma Dome , taking several hours to complete , KIRO reported . In the dome , colleagues and relatives took to the podium to recall the fallen officers , each of whom had children . KIRO : Local coverage of memorial Renninger was recalled as a dedicated SWAT member who loved NASCAR . Owens and Griswold were remembered for their love of motorcycle rides , and Richards for jamming with a band . "  If these officers were here this afternoon , to an officer they would tell you , ` On November 29 , I was doing my duty . ' And there is no higher calling than to do one 's duty , and they served well , " Lakewood Mayor Doug Richardson said . Five people , including a man who identified himself as Clemmons ' half-brother and neighbor , have been charged on suspicion of helping Clemmons elude police after the shooting , according to court documents .	Memorial for four Lakewood , Washington , police officers held in Tacoma Nearly 20,000 people -- many of them police officers -- attend , KIRO reports Slain officers would say , "  I was doing my duty , " mayor says Officers fatally shot in coffee shop on November 29
It should come as no surprise to anyone that New York 's infrastructure was n't up to Hurricane Sandy . What happened in New York was not all that different than what 's happened in other places hit by freakish weather events -- the infrastructure was n't robust enough to withstand nature . It is not the first time it 's happened here , and it wo n't be the last . The problems in New York stem from many factors . For a start , infrastructure investment here is no more a priority than it is in other places across the country : It 's simply not something that voters want badly . When given a choice between investing in schools , health and housing or investing in sewers , tunnels or roads , the latter will always lose out . And that 's not just the view of the politicians , but also of the constituents who keep them in office . Think about what happened after the bridge collapse in Minneapolis in 2007 . The press was full of reports about the condition of our nation 's bridges , and Washington was abuzz with new ideas for financing roadway infrastructure . More than five years later , our bridges remain in much the same poor condition they were in then , and the voices screaming for an infrastructure bank or other form of dedicated financing to upgrade them have been all but muted . Of course some of the mess we are witnessing in the metropolitan region is unique to us . For largely historical reasons , New York 's power system is run by private utilities answerable to state regulators . Its subway system has also been run by the state -- in the form of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority -- ever since going bankrupt in the 1960s . So any criticism regarding the lack of investment or preparedness for a hurricane event , at least in terms of power or transit , needs to be aimed squarely at Albany , not at City Hall . News : New York divided over marathon plans To be fair , the hard-working officials who have spent decades bringing the city subway system back to a state of good repair have done a decent job of it . Compared with the dark days of the 1970s , transit stations are cleaner , subway trains are newer , and reliability and predictability are up . But the funding allocated by the state for investment in the system is nowhere near enough to take a 100-year-old system and make it a resilient one -- resilient enough to withstand the pounding it received this week . No one should stand behind age as an excuse for vulnerability in infrastructure . Consider the case of London , a city whose infrastructure is -- in almost every respect -- even older than New York 's . Yet over the last 25 years , London has grabbed one opportunity after another to bring its core infrastructure -- power , transport and water -- into the 21st century . In almost every aspect , the city 's infrastructure is today more resilient than ours . What has London done in the last several decades to modernize its systems ? To protect against flooding , a movable flood barrier was built in the Thames ; in more than 100 closures , it has proven effective in protecting the city from major storm surge or tidal events . Electric power is now produced outside the city , rather than within its boundaries . A major new sewer line is being designed to run along the Thames , part of an ambitious plan to replace the Victorian-era sewers that carry much of the city 's wastewater . Transit too has seen its share of investment , with dozens of extended and upgraded rail lines bringing life to formerly downtrodden urban neighborhoods and entirely new high-speed lines knitting together key commercial nodes across the city . The difference between the two cities is not money -- it 's governance . New York City may control its streets , but it does n't control its power system or its transit system . Unlike England , where investment decisions are made by the city in conjunction with the national government , when it comes to infrastructure we 've got a bundle of intermediary state agencies and regulators deciding what 's best for the city and how much investment it deserves -- and a bunch of state politicians circumscribing their ability to do so at every turn . New York after Sandy : A tale of two cities Not all New York infrastructure is caught in the same bind . New York 's acclaimed water system , devised by city engineers in the 19th century to bring water from the Catskills to the growing urban population , remains a model of how service delivery could be done . Well into its second century , it is controlled by the city in a businesslike fashion , its capital program underpinned by the ability to float bonds to secure needed investment . The result is that projects that contribute to the resilience of the city 's water infrastructure , such as the Third Water Tunnel now under construction , get done purposefully and with minimal political interference . There are other reasons to be optimistic about our infrastructure future . Some 125 years ago , in March of 1888 , the worst blizzard on record dumped more than 3 feet of snow on a paralyzed New York City . Telecom and electric wires , newly strung up between all of the quickly industrializing city 's buildings , collapsed and were rendered useless -- prompting a mandate to bury all cables from that point forward . The underground network that resulted from that storm is largely responsible for the extraordinarily high levels of reliability Manhattan 's electric and telecom customers have enjoyed ever since . The question now is whether Sandy will stimulate similarly new ways of thinking about our infrastructure . Will she energize what to date have been spotty efforts to prepare the city and its systems for sea level rise and storm surges ? Will the money made available by Washington in disaster relief be used to sow the seeds for real change ? Will the dislocation experienced by all focus sufficient attention on those state institutions that have been given the power to oversee the city 's infrastructure but not the ability to finance it effectively ? Let 's hope Sandy brings more than shoreline devastation in her wake . With a little luck , even this terribly large storm cloud could turn out to have a silver lining .	Kate Ascher : New York 's infrastructure was n't strong enough to withstand the storm She notes some of the city 's key systems are under control of New York state London has shown how it 's possible to upgrade old infrastructure , she says Ascher : Let 's hope the storm is an occasion to rethink the city 's infrastructure
REDMOND , Washington  CNN  -- Should a bridge that would connect two campuses at Microsoft 's headquarters be funded with $ 11 million from the federal stimulus package ? An artist 's rendering shows how the proposed bridge would be constructed over a busy highway . Critics of using stimulus money for the bridge say it would give the software giant a break on a pet project . They also say it serves as a warning sign of how some stimulus money is not being used to finance new projects but is being diverted to public works already under way . Supporters argue the bridge is an ideal public-private partnership that will benefit an entire community while fulfilling the stimulus package 's goal of getting people back to work . "  It 's going create just under 400 jobs for 18 months constructing the bridge , " says Redmond Mayor John Marchione . "  It 's also connecting our technical sector with our retail and commercial sectors so people can cross the freeway to shop and help traffic flow . " See a larger image of the proposed bridge " Marchione applied for federal stimulus money after costs jumped on the project from $ 25 million to $ 36 million . Marchione says the increase in costs were due to a rise in construction prices and because the bridge will be built on a diagonal in order to connect Microsoft 's original East campus with a newer West campus that are split by a public highway . Microsoft is hardly getting the bridge for free . The company is contributing $ 17.5 million or a little less than half the tab of the $ 36 million bridge , which would be open for public use . And even though the bridge goes from a parking lot behind Microsoft 's West campus across a highway to an entrance of Microsoft 's East campus , Marchione says , people other than Microsoft employees would use the overpass . "  We 're not a one-company town , " Marchione says . "  Our traffic studies show that Microsoft traffic would be about 42 percent of the bridge , yet Microsoft is paying for about 50 percent of the bridge , so we think we are getting fair value . "  The United States taxpayer is leveraging their dollars , and I think everyone is getting a fair deal . " But a watchdog group monitoring how stimulus money is being spent says the taxpayer in this case is getting ripped off . "  This is $ 11 million where we are substituting public money for private money , and that means there 's some other project that would have a greater benefit than a bridge to Microsoft that 's not being built , " says Steve Ellis , vice president of Taxpayers for Common Sense . But without the stimulus money , Marchione counters , the bridge may not have been built . Microsoft had "  capped out " its contribution to the project , he explains . And the economic tough times have affected even the biggest companies . "  Microsoft laid off 5,000 people in January , " Marchione points out . Ellis does n't buy it . "  Let 's face it . Microsoft is one of the most lucrative companies in the country , " Ellis says . "  They could have easily funded this out of pocket change . This is really about getting while the getting is good . Uncle Sam has a big wallet that 's there for the taking , and Redmond wanted to take it -- and Microsoft was happy to let them pick up that part of the tab . " Microsoft did not respond to CNN requests for an interview on the bridge project . But in a posting online , Microsoft general counsel Brad Smith wrote : "  As the largest employer in Redmond , Microsoft takes its responsibility to the surrounding community seriously . We have spent over $ 50 million to assist the City of Redmond and other local governments with street construction , transit facilities , water and sewer facilities and fire equipment . " Last week , Washington Gov. Chris Gregoire certified 138 projects , including the bridge , to receive stimulus funding . Construction is expected to begin in June . Michael Ennis of the Washington Policy Center , a Seattle-based not-for-profit group that advises policy makers , said there are many reasons the bridge project is a good one . "  Any time you can include the private sector in funding transportation projects , it 's a win-win situation , " Ennis explains . "  The state has a monopoly on our roads system . Even if Microsoft wanted to pay for this project on their own , legally they are required to work with the public sector . " But Ennis also says the bridge does not fit with the kind of projects the stimulus plan is meant to bankroll . "  This project would have moved forward regardless of having the federal money or not , so it does n't have any additional benefit to the economy , " he says . As he pedaled on his bicycle to work , one Microsoft employee saw the issue in much simpler terms . "  It 's going to cut about two miles off my ride each day , " he said .	Project would build bridge between Microsoft 's two campuses Microsoft paying for about half of the $ 36 million project Mayor backs plan , says bridge will benefit entire community Taxpayer watchdog group says project a good example of waste
CNN  For more than nine years on the throne , Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah faced a tough balancing act . Calls to modernize his kingdom were constant . So , too , were objections from hard-line conservatives who chafed at change . Supporters hailed Abdullah , who died Friday at age 90 , as a reformer . And in the United States , leaders have long described him as a close ally in the Middle East who played a key role in bringing stability to the region . He famously held hands with President George W. Bush as the two leaders met in Texas in 2005 . With the wealth of his oil-rich nation behind him , Abdullah wielded far-reaching influence both inside and outside Saudi Arabia . As the U.S.-led campaign against ISIS in Iraq and Syria ramped up , his leadership was a "  game changer , " Abdulkhaleq Abdulla , a professor of political science at Emirates University , told CNN last year . "  It was King Abdullah who put all the moral , the political weight behind the international coalition to stop ISIS 's momentum , " he said . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry described Abdullah as a "  revered leader " around the world . "  He was so proud of the Kingdom 's journey , " Kerry said in a statement , "  a brave partner in fighting violent extremism who proved just as important as a proponent of peace . " Under Abdullah 's leadership , the country slowly squashed al Qaeda , capturing or killing its leaders in the kingdom , forcing the remnants underground and sidelining radical preachers . In 2005 , Abdullah launched a campaign through the country 's media and its mosques to educate Saudi citizens about the danger of extremism . At the same time , the king -- unlike some of his predecessors -- began investing the country 's oil wealth in creating jobs for the future . A massive building program , called King Abdullah Economic City , was one example -- and an acknowledgment that oil money would n't last forever . The king focused on ramping up education , too . King Abdullah University of Science and Technology was designed to be the first coed university in the country . Some of his more conservative ministers -- his half-brothers -- bridled at his changes . They were n't the only Saudis disappointed with his leadership . Many women had hoped for greater independence under his rule . But their dreams were not realized during his lifetime . He initiated forums for women to debate issues , but failed in the face of opposition to give them real freedom . Under Saudi Arabia 's strict rules , women can not marry , leave the country , go to school or open bank accounts without permission from a male guardian , who usually is the father or husband . Much of public life is segregated by gender and women are not allowed to drive . Even as he ran up against limits to what he could achieve inside Saudi Arabia , beyond its borders Abdullah saw the kingdom 's stature grow . It was the only Arab nation with a seat at the G20 , and also became the lead Arab nation in the U.S.-led coalition to eradicate ISIS in Iraq and Syria . Abdullah bolstered the desert kingdom 's defense forces with a massive $ 150 billion infusion , and he backed Egypt 's military rulers who ousted the Muslim Brotherhood from power . A spokesman for United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon praised Abdullah 's "  efforts to address regional and international challenges at a time of turmoil and rapid change , and to promote dialogue among the world 's faiths . " U.S. President Barack Obama pointed to Abdullah 's work advancing the Arab Peace Initiative , which attempts to solve the long-simmering conflict between Israel and Palestine . "  King Abdullah left a tangible legacy that can still point the way toward peace in the Middle East , " the U.N. secretary-general 's spokesman said . In 2010 , Newsweek called King Abdullah one of the world 's 10 most respected leaders , praising his efforts "  to lift his ultraconservative country from the dark ages . " "  He 's given the go-ahead to modernize schools , has appointed women to high office , and invested in science and technology education and nuclear power initiatives . He 's also proven a stalwart ally against Islamic extremism , delivering a much-applauded speech in Mecca that called on Muslims to embrace ` the spirit of tolerance , moderation , and balance , ' " the Newsweek article said . But not everyone felt like Abdullah deserved his reformist moniker . Another headline in Foreign Policy magazine that year described him this way : "  Those who predicted the Saudi monarch would bring real change to the kingdom had it wrong . His real goal has been to tighten his family 's grip on power . " "  Despite the new levels of openness enjoyed by Saudi citizens , Abdullah is not leading the kingdom on the path to political liberalism . Just the opposite : While making small social and economic concessions , the king is in fact turning the clock back in Arabia , using his popularity to confront clergy and restore the kind of unchecked authority his family enjoyed in the 1970s , " Toby C. Jones , an associate professor of history at Rutgers , wrote in an analysis for the magazine . Ali Al-Ahmed , a former Saudi political prisoner , told CNN on Thursday that it is n't accurate to portray Abdullah as a reformer . Under Abdullah 's rule , he said , political prisoners were harshly punished and extremism flourished in Saudi Arabia even as leaders claimed to oppose it . "  It 's the epicenter of extremism , of terrorism , of funding terrorism . ... Reforms in Saudi Arabia do not exist . This is an absolute monarchy , let 's be honest , " Al-Ahmed said . "  This is an absolute monarchy where the government policies are controlled by one family . They decide everything . " CNN 's Sarah Aarthun , Laura Smith-Spark and Becky Anderson contributed to this report .	Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah has died after more than nine years on the throne Supporters hailed him as a reformer ; critics say conservative forces held him back Newsweek once called him one of the world 's 10 most respected leaders
Bandung , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesian pop star Nazril "  Ariel " Ilham was sentenced to three-and-a-half years in prison Monday for his involvement in sex videos that authorities said featured him and two other top Indonesian celebrities . As part of his conviction under the country 's anti-pornography law , Ariel will also have to pay a $ 28,000 fine . Prosecutors had asked for a five-year jail sentence . He will appeal , his lawyer said , adding that there was no clear evidence that Ariel distributed the videos . Ariel , the frontman of the rock band "  Peterpan , " was the first high-profile offender of the pornography law that went into effect in 2008 and carries a maximum penalty of 12 years . The first video surfaced on several websites last year and went viral through social networking sites Facebook and Twitter . It allegedly featured Ariel and girlfriend Luna Maya -- a model and TV journalist who interviewed Hillary Clinton on her show "  Dahsyat " during the U.S. secretary of state 's visit to Indonesia in 2009 . After the release of the second video allegedly featuring Ariel and Cut Tari -- a soap opera star and TV journalist -- the term "  Ariel Peterporn , " a spin on the singer 's name and his band , became a top trending topic on Twitter . At the time , all three celebrities publicly denied appearing in the tapes , saying the people in the footage just looked like them . The videos sparked protests by conservative Islamic groups and others around the country condemning the celebrities . When the district court judge read the sentence in the packed courtroom Monday , hundreds of hardliners who gathered outside the courthouse booed . "  Ariel is guilty , " some chanted , as about 1,000 anti-riot police personnel stood guard . "  He should have gotten at least five years , " said Chep Hernawan , head of the Alliance of Islamic Movements . "  We 're extremely disappointed . " Noted feminist and author Julia Suryakusuma said the protests are sending the wrong message . "  This is also sending out the message that if you 're loud enough , then you 'll get heard and that 's not the way it should be , " she said . Later Monday , the court sentenced an employee of Peterpan 's music label to two years in prison . Prosecutors said the employee , Reza Rinaldi , was the one who uploaded the videos on the Internet .	NEW : The employee who uploaded the videos is also sentenced Ariel will appeal Ariel will also have to pay a $ 28,000 fine The frontman of "  Peterpan " is the first high-profile offender of the country 's pornography law
CNN  -- Six people have died after a garbage truck collided with pedestrians in the center of the Scottish city of Glasgow , police confirmed Monday . Scottish police also promised further updates in a tweet Monday . Speaking to the BBC earlier Monday , Superintendent Stuart Carroll said it appeared the "  bin lorry " had struck one pedestrian before going up onto the sidewalk and colliding with a number of others . Police said the truck crashed at the Millennium Hotel Glasgow at George Square . Carroll said "  at least seven " people had been seriously injured . "  The driver has also been taken to hospital where he is receiving treatment , " Carroll said . "  For now it does not look to be either a criminal or deliberate act , " he said . Assistant Chief Constable Wayne Mawson said investigations into the circumstances of the "  tragic incident " were ongoing . "  We can however confirm that this is not a terrorism-related incident , " he said . Police earlier told CNN the incident was being investigated as a road accident . A Glasgow police spokesperson said the incident occurred just after 2:30 p.m.  9:30 a.m. ET  Monday . Diversions and road closures are in place and police have asked people to avoid the area . British Prime Minister David Cameron said on Twitter that he was being kept "  fully briefed " on the incident . "  My thoughts are with the families of those involved & emergency services , " Cameron said . First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon , said her thoughts were with "  everyone involved in dreadful #GeorgeSquare incident . "	NEW : Police confirm six people have died in Glasgow road incident NEW : Police say Glasgow road accident not "  terrorism-related " Scottish police say "  very serious road incident " occurred in central Glasgow Monday A spokesperson tells CNN the incident in George Square occurred just after 2:30 p.m. GMT
CNN  -- Add R&B star Usher to the list of entertainers giving up the paychecks they earned performing for members of embattled Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's family . "  I am sincerely troubled to learn about the circumstances surrounding the Nikki Beach St. Bart 's event that took place on New Year 's Eve 2009 , " Usher said in a statement Monday . "  I will be donating all of my personal proceeds from that event to various human rights organizations . " According to U.S. diplomatic cables posted by WikiLeaks , the Caribbean island was the site for a New Year 's Eve party thrown by Mutassim Gadhafi , Libya 's national security advisor and one of the dictator 's sons . Usher , along with Beyonce , were the entertainment in what the cables called a $ 1 million personal concert . Beyonce said through a representative last week that she had donated the money she received to earthquake relief in Haiti . The same Gadhafi son on the same island a year earlier paid $ 1 million to hear Mariah Carey sing on New Year 's Eve 2008 , the cables said . She sang four songs . In a statement released last week , Carey said she was "  naive and unaware of who I was booked to perform for . I feel horrible and embarrassed to have participated in this mess . " Carey added in her statement that she plans to donate proceeds from a new song , "  Save the Day , " to human rights organizations . "  Going forward , this is a lesson for all artists to learn from , " she said . "  We need to be more aware and take more responsibility regardless of who books our shows . Ultimately we as artists are to be held accountable . " Between the cables posted on WikiLeaks and artists ' own admissions , no less than five performers have entertained the Gadhafis at a host of international locales . Last week , Canadian pop singer Nelly Furtado acknowledged on her Twitter account that she performed for members of the Gadhafi clan . "  In 2007 , I received 1million $ from the Qaddafi clan to perform a 45 min . Show for guests at a hotel in Italy , " read a tweet on Furtado 's official account Monday . "  I am going to donate the $ . " In 2006 , the Gadhafis brought pop star Lionel Richie to Libya to perform . The concert marked the 20th anniversary of a U.S. raid on the North African country . U.S. President Ronald Reagan ordered the attack after Libya was implicated in the fatal bombing at a West Berlin nightclub that left one American service member dead . CNN reached out to representatives of Richie for comment , but received no response . CNN 's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report	Top entertainers perform for family members of Libyan leader Concerts are held in Caribbean , Europe and North Africa Many of the artists are paid $ 1 million
Habib Battah is a blogger , freelance journalist and documentary filmmaker based in New York and Beirut . BEIRUT , Lebanon -- When I heard Snoop Dogg was coming to Beirut , I jumped at the opportunity to show the world a different side of the country I had grown up in . So I hit the phones , tracked down the promoter and before I knew it , I was driving to the airport to film Snoop 's arrival . Beirut blogger Habib Battah with U.S. rap legend Snoop Dogg . When I first met the Dogg  as he 's known by his very courteous suit-wearing bodyguards  , he was seated in the VIP lounge of Beirut International Airport , surrounded by entourage while awaiting passport control . The U.S. rap legend had never been to the Middle East before , and I was wondering why he decided to perform in Beirut of all cities . Outfitted in a hooded sweater , despite the sweltering heat of the Beirut summer , Snoop leaned forward and told me in his low voice : "  There are a lot of places I could have started but I chose to start here because I felt they 've been supporting me you know -- they 've been down with me for long time . " By "  starting " in Lebanon , Snoop meant that he intended to embark on a Middle East tour in the coming months . "  Me and my man Roger had a nice conversation about putting together a Snoop Dogg Middle East tour ... so we gon na try to get that together over the next couple of months , " Snoop , flanked by his forever-smiling local organizer , Lebanese entertainment mogul , Roger Kalaouz , told a room full of eager photographers and entertainment journalists . But the Lebanese paparazzi still wondered , why Beirut ? "  This is my first chance to party with the people of Lebanon , " Snoop said . "  They were always partying to my music but now they get a chance to actually party with Snoop Dogg . "  This is the party capital of the world , " he added and the room filled with applause . Hours later , Snoop drove the locals wild once again during his performance in front of thousands of adoring young fans by holding up a Lebanese flag on stage and then performing an impromptu sing-along with the chorus line "  Beirut , Lebanon . " When the show ended just before one a.m. , Snoop did not leave Beirut without living up to his promise to party hard . Acting on a tip from a source close to Snoop 's circle , I managed to follow Snoop 's entourage to the afterparty , at a massive and highly exclusive rooftop club overlooking the Mediterranean Sea and the Lebanese mountains . I entered the club through the back entrance with members of Snoop 's band that I had met at the airport . When we got inside , the champagne was flowing and the club was rocking with hundreds of people . A mixture of house and trance music reverberated across all surfaces as fireworks lit up the evening sky . Snoop 's band and crew were ecstatic , sporting looks of awe when they reached their VIP tables in the balcony section which boasts outdoor air conditioning . And even though the European electric beat was quite a stretch from the hip hop he produces , Snoop himself seemed to be getting down -- waving his hands in the air . But it was n't long before the Dogg switched things up grabbed the microphone : "  You are now rocking with the big Snoopie D.O. double jizzle for shizzle dizzle " he said , sending screams through the glamorous crowd . Then he turned toward the DJ podium : "  Hey ! Yo ! DJ ! Why do n't you play some of that Snoop Dogg sh*t ? Once again the crowd was electrified , as Snoop began rapping to his track "  Drop it Like It 's Hot , "  Part of the that performance is available on Snoop 's Web site . Later he played other local favorites such as "  Gin and Juice " and then rocked to a new track "  That 's the Homie " from his upcoming album "  Malice in Wonderland " while being filmed by two cameraman and a flash light . The Beirut show producer , Roger Kalaouz later explained that Snoop was actually filming part of the music video for the new track that night . And when Snoop left the club at 3 a.m. , the party continued till seven in the morning , according to Kalaouz , in true Snoop fashion , back at the hotel . Kalaouz says he 's now preparing for Snoop 's Middle East tour beginning in December , with a focus on cities in the oil-rich Arabian Gulf states , such as the UAE , Kuwait , Qatar and maybe even Saudi Arabia . Though it remains unclear how much Kalaouz actually paid Snoop to perform in Beirut , he emphasized that the bidding process was intense with much competition from promoters in other Arab countries . Check out Battah 's blog at beirurtreport.blogspot.com	Legendary U.S. rapper Snoop Dogg performs in Lebanon 's capital , Beirut Beirut journalist Habib Battah followed Snoop to show a different side of Lebanon Snoop has never visited the Middle East before and plans more dates in region Snoop on Beirut : "  This is the party capital of the world "
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Is Twitter aiding and abetting terrorism ? The director of an Israeli legal outfit says yes , and is threatening to sue the micro-blogging site if it does n't change its policies . Nitsana Darshan-Leitner , director of the Shurat HaDin Israel Law Center , sent a letter to Twitter on Thursday asserting that the company is violating U.S. law by allowing groups such as Hezbollah and al Qaeda affiliate al-Shabaab to use its popular online network . "  It has come to our attention that Twitter Inc. provides social media and associated services to such foreign terrorist organizations , " Darshan-Leitner wrote . "  Please be advised that  doing so  is illegal and will expose Twitter Inc. and its officers to both criminal prosecution and civil liability to American citizens and others victimized " by Hezbollah , al-Shabaab and other foreign terrorist entities . Twitter declined to comment when contacted by CNN . In her letter , Darshan-Leitner noted that Hezbollah and al-Shabaab are officially designated as terrorist organizations under U.S. law . She also cited a 2010 Supreme Court case -- Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project -- which upheld a key provision of the Patriot Act prohibiting material support to groups designated as terrorist outfits . "  Your provision of social media and associated services to Hezbollah and other foreign terrorist organizations would constitute the type of seemingly innocuous material support that would render your company and you personally criminally and civilly liable , " she told Twitter CEO Richard Costolo . Hezbollah-controlled al-Manar television currently maintains a Twitter account with roughly 7,500 followers . Other groups considered terrorist organizations by the United States also maintain accounts . Hamas , the Islamist group that rules the Gaza Strip , posts regularly on at least one government-controlled account . Darshan-Leitner says she realizes there will be stiff opposition to a potential lawsuit from free speech advocates , but told CNN she nevertheless hopes Twitter will change its policies . "  Once you bring it to their attention , they can not say that they do n't know , " she said . Aden Fine , an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union , told CNN that the Supreme Court "  has not directly addressed the issue of whether any speech allegedly supportive of a designated terrorist organization is unlawful . " But "  the government ca n't force private companies to censor lawful speech just because the government does n't like the speech or the people making the speech , " he said . Fine noted that since the Internet depends on private companies such as Twitter to function , any clampdown or adverse ruling could be used to restrict everyone 's online communications . Social networks Twitter , Facebook , and YouTube have been lauded for the role they played in the Arab Spring , a series of anti-regime protests that erupted across the Middle East starting in late 2010 . The online networks and instant messaging services were used extensively to spread the word about demonstrations , especially in the case of the Egyptian uprising that toppled longtime strongman President Hosni Mubarak . A number of governments , however , have started arguing for stricter controls . Authorities in the United Kingdom say rioters used social the networks to coordinate mass civil disobedience earlier this year in London . State prosecutors in Mexico have accused two people of terrorism and sabotage by claiming that their Twitter posts helped spread false rumors about a school attack , leading to real-life violence on the streets of Veracruz . The Shurat HaDin Israel Law Center describes itself as a civil rights organization dedicated to "  combating the terrorist organizations and the regimes that support them through lawsuits litigated in courtrooms around the world . " It supported a similar campaign earlier this year directed at social media giant Facebook . Among other things , the center succeeded in getting Facebook to pull down a page created by Palestinian activists calling for a "  Third Intifada " against Israel . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	The Shurat HaDin Israel Law Center is threatening legal action against Twitter The center claims Twitter has aided Hezbollah and al-Shabaab by allowing them to use its services The center notes that U.S. law prohibits any aid to officially designated terrorist organizations A free speech advocate warns of a possible restriction of Internet freedom
Convicted Singaporean match-fixer Wilson Raj Perumal is categorically denying a story published by German weekly Der Spiegel alleging that the Cameroon team was involved in fixing a World Cup game in Brazil . The Cameroon federation -- known as FECAFOOT -- has pledged to investigate Der Spiegel 's allegations , which focused on the national side 's second Group A game against Croatia -- purportedly based on an interview with Perumal . "  Contrary to the ` revelations ' published by the German weekly Der Spiegel that were picked up by news outlets worldwide , I did not predict the result of the Cameroon vs. Croatia match played on June 18 , 2014 , " said Perumal in a statement published online . "  The Facebook chat with the Der Spiegel journalist took place a few days after the match -- June 21 -- as confirmed by my Facebook log , and was but an informal assessment of the behavior of the Cameroon team at the Brazil 2014 World Cup after they had played two of their three group stage matches , including the one with Croatia . " CNN has been sent screen grabs of two Facebook conversations between Perumal and the journalist , Rafael Buschmann , by the fixer 's representative . The first is dated the June 21 and the second is dated the June 26 -- in other words after the Croatia game -- where Perumal talks of "  five to seven black sheeps , " and "  seven rotten apples " within the Cameroon team , adding "  in my opinion they fixed all three matches . " Perumal 's Facebook account does not show public updates , so CNN was unable to independently verify those exchanges . "  At no time did I make reference to four goals being scored or to a red card being issued , " Perumal said . "  At no time did I suggest that I had any way of corroborating or substantiating what was meant to be an educated guess based on my extensive match-fixing experience , " added Perumal , who was arrested in Helsinki in 2011 and sentenced to two years in prison for fixing games in Rovaniemi , northern Finland . "  Last but not least : at no time was I informed by the Der Spiegel journalist that our chat was going to end up in the German publication . " The Der Spiegel journalist , Rafael Buschmann , told CNN that the publication was confident in its reporting of the story . "  We firmly stand by our assertion that Mr. Perumal wrote in a Facebook chat with Der Spiegel some hours before the World Cup match Croatia vs. Cameroon , that the result of the match will be a 4-0 victory for Croatia and that a player of Cameroon will get a red card in the first half , " Buschmann said . That alleged prediction largely came true . Midfielder Alex Song was red-carded during the game for lashing out at Croatia striker Mario Mandzukic , who scored twice in a 4-0 victory along with goals from Ivica Olic and Ivan Perisic . CNN contacted Song 's agent but he was not immediately available for comment . Now living in Hungary , Perumal recently published a book -- "  Kelong Kings " -- about his involvement in illegal match fixing , which was written in conjunction with investigative journalists Alessandro Righi and Emanuele Piano . "  I apologize to the Cameroon FA and to its fans if I inadvertently offended them ; it was not my intention , " said Perumal . "  I strongly believe that Der Spiegel should also do the same since they placed words in my mouth that I did not utter . " "  Kelong Kings " examines three decades of match-fixing efforts , including World Cup qualifiers , Olympic matches and the 2010 World Cup . "  I am now back in Hungary where I have testified against my former associates in a local match-fixing trial , " said Perumal . " ` Kelong Kings ' is an honest account of what my life has been like until today . "  I have now turned a new leaf and wish to put my expertise at the disposal of those willing to truly fight the scourge of match-fixing . "  When the time is ripe I will share what I know with FIFA and UEFA , but I will not accept that my statements be manipulated at the detriment of others . " A FIFA spokesperson told reporters Tuesday that football 's governing body could not comment on whether an investigation was underway on the alleged manipulation of the Cameroon-Croatia match . FECAFOOT said in a statement Monday that "  in 55 years of existence , it has never been sanctioned for , involved in , or even linked to match fixing or any fraud of any kind . "	Match-fixer denies predicting Cameroon would lose 4-0 to Croatia at World Cup German magazine reported Wilson Raj Perumal told journalist result before game was played Perumal admits having conversation but said it took place after match Der Spiegel and journalist Rafael Buschmann stand by the original story
SUSSEX , Virginia  CNN  -- Suspended NFL quarterback Michael Vick must adhere to tightened restrictions after he tested positive for marijuana use , a federal judge said Wednesday . Suspended Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick tested positive for marijuana in a September 13 drug test . Vick tested positive for the drug on September 13 , a court document from the Eastern District of Virginia shows . As a result , U.S. District Judge Henry E. Hudson ordered Vick to "  submit to any method of testing required by the pretrial services officer or the supervising officer for determining whether the defendant is using a prohibited substance . " Those methods could include random drug testing , a remote alcohol testing system "  and/or any form of prohibited substance screening or testing , " the order said . Vick , 27 , must participate in substance abuse therapy and mental health counseling "  if deemed advisable by the pretrial services officer or supervising officer " at his own expense , the order said . Vick was also ordered to stay home between 10 p.m. and 6 a.m. , "  or as directed by the pretrial services officer or supervising officer , " the order said . He is to be electronically monitored during that time . The conditions are to apply until Vick 's sentencing , which is set for December 10 . Read about the federal case against Vick " "  This is a very difficult time for Mr. Vick , " said Billy Martin , Vick 's lead defense counsel , in a written statement . "  He will comply with the court 's new conditions regarding release . " Vick faces a possible prison term of 12 to 18 months after his August guilty plea to federal conspiracy charges related to dogfighting on his property in Surry County , Virginia . The original terms of the pretrial release , set in July by U.S. Magistrate Dennis W. Dohnal , required that Vick not use narcotic drugs or other controlled substances unless prescribed by a doctor . Vick 's guilty plea in the federal case came after three associates -- Purnell Peace , 35 , of Virginia Beach , Virginia ; Quanis Phillips , 28 , of Atlanta , Georgia ; and Tony Taylor , 34 , of Hampton , Virginia -- admitted their roles in the operation and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors . On Tuesday , a Virginia grand jury indicted Vick and the three co-defendants on state charges of running a dogfighting ring at the home . See a timeline of the case against Vick " The Surry County grand jury brought two charges against Vick : one count of unlawfully torturing and killing dogs and one of promoting dogfights . Each is a felony charge that could result in a five-year prison term . Vick will be arraigned October 3 in state court in Virginia . Vick 's attorneys say they are fighting the state charges on the grounds that he ca n't be convicted twice of the same crime . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Eric Fiegel contributed to this report .	Vick 's September 13 drug test shows marijuana use Pretrial release conditions tightened ; must stay home from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. Virginia grand jury indicts Vick and the three co-defendants on state charges Vick already faces up to 18 months in prison after federal plea deal
LONDON , England  CNN  -- "  No matter what I do in life I think I will always be remembered as the wrap dress " --  Diane von Furstenberg , CNN 2008 Calling the shots : Diane von Furstenberg oversees a meeting to discuss handbags in New York . Belgian-born , New York-living , ex-member of the German royal family , daughter of a holocaust survivor , socialite and business-woman , Diane von Furstenberg is famous for one thing : a single item of clothing . Her wrap dress -- a patterned piece of jersey tied around the body like a kimono -- sold in the millions . In the 70s , when Von Furstenberg launched her dress business , the wrap 's simplicity became synonymous with feminism and the sexual revolution . "  I was selling clothes that would make other women feel confident , "  Von Furstenberg , CNN , 2008  . And the designer herself came to become the face of the brand . Photographed modeling her own clothes , launched a face that became so iconic that Andy Warhol painted her . But with success came boom then bust -- the 80s saw a dramatic nose-dive in the quality and distribution of the DVF brand . "  I became successful very quickly , a lot of people wanted my name and I licensed a lot of things . . the spirit of the brand disappeared " ,  Von Furstenberg , CNN , 2008  . In the late 90s , wrap dresses came back in to fashion , and DVF returned to the fashion pages , and subsequently fashion shows , of the age . The comeback is recorded as one of the most successful business stories of the decade . Her 30 stores and countless concessions in department stores make the DVF brand a multi-million dollar fashion empire . She dresses celebrities from Madonna to Sharon Stone , but keeps her products affordable and maintains an ethos of "  easy to wear " "  When a woman goes in to a DVF shop and tries something on , it 's like a light turns on " ,  Von Furstenberg , CNN , 2008  . Celebrities are often snapped wearing Von Furstenberg 's designs . DVF often clings to Eva Longoria Parker 's silhouette who declares to Revealed "  She is one of my favorite people -- not just a designer ! " Honored by the Council of Fashion of Designers of America  CFDA  by inviting Von Furstenberg to act as President -- she is now seen as the Grand Dame of New York fashion . CNN gains access to her as she prepares for the 2008 CFDA Awards -- deciding at the last moment to ditch one of her own designs and wear an Yves St Laurent tuxedo in a tribute to her friend , the designer who died a few days before the ceremony . Clearly moved , Revealed includes footage of her rehearsing the changes to her speech to include a touching farewell to YSL : "  He brought art into fashion , and fashion into art . He used to joke that he always wanted to be Matisse . But I think if we could have asked Matisse , he would have wanted to be Yves St Laurent " she tells CNN . Revealed follows Diane von Furstenberg at an exciting moment in her catwalk history . For the first time she is showing outside of the United States , and the setting for her European debut is a romantic private Florentine garden , under the full moon . The Tuscan capital is a special place for her , as it was half an hour down the road that her first wrap dress was produced in a local textile factory . We document the magnificent event from a behind-the-scenes perspective . Interviewing Von Furstenberg herself , along with supermodel Natalia Vodianova , and DVF Creative Director Nathan Jenden ; we get a sense of the unfolding of a magical star-lit event . From fittings and dress rehearsals , to visits from the 9-year-old granddaughter Von Furstenberg lovingly calls ` her assistant , ' we experience the excitement of the designer returning home to Europe and putting on a magnificent show to herald her arrival . The theme of the collection is "  Le Petit Valise " -- a group of outfits that can be easily packed and will not crumple ; a notion in keeping with the spirit of the DVF brand . Inspired by the Talented Mr Ripley , 600 guests including Lapo Elkan  heir to the Fiat empire  witness the 50 wardrobe changes of a young American traveling abroad . To experience the elegant , informal , party-loving spirit of DVF and her team of designers and models , tune in to "  Revealed " on CNN International in November . ALL TIMES GMT Wednesday , November 1909301830 Saturday , November 2208301900 Sunday , November 2305301830 Monday , November 24 0400	In November , CNN 's Revealed explores the life of Diane von Furstenberg The Belgian designer wowed the fashion world with her simple wrap dress DVF became familiar initials used to sell anything from homeware to lipstick CNN 's Revealed follows the designer backstage at a fashion show in Florence
For many women , a Carrie Bradshaw closet would be a dream come true . But without one , dressing for a special occasion can be a girl 's nightmare . Smart Business meets Abby and Shan Shan , co-founders of Hong Kong company Yeechoo , who are hoping to solve the age old dilemma of having nothing to wear . CNN : What was the idea behind starting Yeechoo.com ? Abby : You know us girls , we are always facing the issue that we have a whole closet of clothes , of dresses , but that we still do n't know what to wear . With Yeechoo , this is like your best friend 's closet - you dont have to spend thousands of dollars to buy a dress you 're only going to wear once or twice . CNN : Yeechoo functions as a shared closet focusing on variety over ownership . How does that work ? Shan Shan : What we found is a girl would only wear a dress maximum of five to six times , and on average only twice or three times before they get forgotten . That 's why we think the cost per wear is just too high to justify the high price tag for the designer dresses . We always say you can spend $ 10,000 on one dress , or $ 10,000 for ten different dresses . CNN : How do you keep up with the variety of women 's sartorial tastes worldwide ? S : We always need to expand our styles that fit different bodies because all the girls have different tastes and different needs . CNN : Which markets have been the most receptive to Yeechoo ? A : Asia 's not very into second hand clothing , it 's unlike US or Europe . People are very conservative , and they 'd rather chose fast fashion over secondhand clothing , so the challenge is to educate our customers , too . CNN : What kind of effect do you hope the company will have on the fashion industry ? A : At the moment , only a very small fraction of people can have access to a luxury good , to designer brands , because of their high price . But Yeechoo made a change , and has made a disruptive entry here . we are democratizing the fashion industry , and making it accessible to the mass market .	In Hong Kong , fashion rental site Yeechoo hopes to transform how we approach evening wear They encourage customers to spend $ 10,000 on borrowing 10 different dresses , instead of buying one for the same price The company 's founders believe this will make designer clothes accessible to the mass market
Horses have been pulling passenger carriages on New York City streets since 1858 , 50 years before the Ford Model T was introduced , and there 's no arguing they 've been an iconic feature of the city 's culture . But as society evolves , so do its standards . When traditions become unacceptable , we do n't stick to them simply to keep money coming in . We make new ones . There is no better example of an obsolete and unacceptable tradition than New York City 's horse-drawn carriage rides . In the 21st century , using horses to pull heavy loads of tourists through congested city streets is unnatural , unnecessary and an undeniable strain on the horses . And that strain is not restricted to the streets . The stables to which these horses return -- former tenement buildings -- do not afford horses a paddock for turnout , the ability to graze or the freedom to roll and run . That 's why , as an organization that 's fought for humane treatment of horses since our founding in 1866 , we think it 's time to end horse-drawn carriage rides , a position firmly and bravely backed by New York City 's new mayor , Bill de Blasio . "  We 're going to get rid of horse carriages , period , " the mayor said two days before taking office . No counterargument stands up to the sheer absurdity of this antiquated practice , though many who profit from it keep trying . Opposite view : Keep the beloved New York carriage rides A carriage driver and industry spokesperson recently told CNN that only "  two different sides " are arguing this issue : "  the people that know about horses , and people who just look at the horses and give their first impression based on something they read on the Internet . " That statement indicates a deliberate ignorance that serves neither the horses nor the truth . There are many perspectives on this issue , but because these carriages are profit-driven as well as horse-driven , the paramount question is "  What 's in the best interest of the horses ? " And is the answer more likely to come from a group dedicated to animal rescue and protection or from horse carriage drivers teaming up with a St. Louis-based PR firm that says it is fighting "  radical animal rights extremists " to protect industry ? Are the concerns about lost jobs legitimate ? Absolutely . We share those concerns and encourage new ideas to address them . But using fear over facts and paper-thin arguments to sway this debate is irresponsible . Here 's a sampling of the most ridiculous points suggested by the carriage horse industry and others in the media : Carriage horses have ample "  vacation time . " This may come as news to some , but horses do n't understand the idea of workplace benefits . Time off is no defense if the time on is degrading . And another key difference : If you do n't like your job , you can quit . These horses ' nine-hour shifts , pulling vehicles weighing hundreds of pounds through bumper-to-bumper traffic on hard pavement , go on without regard to their natural inclinations or overall well-being . The presence of police horses means the use of carriage horses is appropriate . Police horses serve a public service . Carriage horses exist for personal profit . That 's the difference between necessary and unnecessary . Yes , they 're both horses -- just like police officers and ticket scalpers are both humans -- but their roles could not be more different . It should also be noted that New York Police Department Mounted Unit horses and officers undergo months of specialized training , while New York City carriage horse drivers must simply attend a two-day course and have a valid driver 's license . Horses share our environment : If it 's good enough for us , it 's good enough for them . Humans can get off the street , go inside , sit down and generally leave pollutants , noise , potholes and traffic behind . Horses do n't have that luxury . Not only that , but the official training manual for horse-drawn carriage operators cautions drivers that horses are naturally alarmed by -- among other things -- brightly colored traffic lines , manhole covers , potholes , motorcycles , ambulance and police sirens , barking dogs , and noisy crowds . Sound like any city you know ? The number of carriage horse violations and accidents is insignificant . The ASPCA has issued more than 230 summonses to carriage operators since 2007 . But just one dangerous incident or violation is one too many . In one of many stories of these animals panicking , a mare named Smoothie was spooked and bolted onto the sidewalk where she died of shock in 2007 . In December , a carriage horse operator was arrested and charged with animal cruelty for working a horse that was visibly injured . Incidents such as these should n't be tolerated , especially when the practice is so unnecessary . And New York City still needs carriage horses like it still needs subway tokens . If the practice ends , the horses will be destroyed or abandoned . We hear this false forecast all too often . Many rescue organizations and shelters are ready and willing to find and open homes to these horses , if their owners allow it . The ASPCA will gladly get involved to help find and facilitate humane options for any horse in need of placement . But by no means does life as a carriage horse ensure the animal wo n't eventually be killed for profit . When their useful days are done , they may well be sent to auctions where buyers are often looking for American horses to ship to Canada or Mexico for slaughter and human consumption overseas . This debate is a conversation New York City needs to have . But it should happen in a context of hard truth , not hyperbolic bias . New Yorkers deserve that . And so do the animals with whom they share the city . We applaud efforts clearly in motion to take these horses off city streets , pushing both them and New York itself into a more civilized future that should be welcomed , not feared .	Matt Bershadker : When traditions are unacceptable , we should change them Bershadker : Horses pull hundreds of pounds through bad traffic on streets for nine hours He says : Lost jobs concerns are legit , so we must offer other ways for drivers to make living Bershadker : ASPCA shares position bravely backed by New York Mayor Bill de Blasio
CNN  -- In 1988 , the West Coast hip-hop group N.W.A released a provocative song called "  F**k tha Police , " which stirred controversy and marked it as one of the most high-profile examples of tension between the black community in Los Angeles and authorities . A few years later tensions erupted into rioting and violence in that city following the acquittal of Los Angeles police officers in the videotaped beating of motorist Rodney King . Those two incidents , and whether the former helped spark the latter , is just one of the topics explored in the documentary "  Uprising : Hip Hop and the L.A. Riots , " which airs at 9 ET Tuesday night on VH1 . The project was the brainchild of director Mark Ford and executive producer Brad Abramson , both of whose professional credits include stints at CNN . The pair told CNN earlier this year at the South by Southwest music , film and technology festival that the documentary was an idea they had long thought of bringing to the small screen . "  We had worked together on a documentary about N.W.A. a few years ago , " Ford said . "  That was always in my mind , the song ` F**K Tha Police ' and how powerful it was , and was there a connection between that song and what happened years later ? " Abramson added , "  We have the Roc Doc franchise at VH1 , and I always look for film and subjects that transcend music and that impact social and cultural ways of living , and this felt like one of those . It was a huge moment in time for America , and there was a music angle that no one had ever looked into . " Now 20 years after the riots , the rapper Snoop Dogg narrates the documentary , which includes appearances and commentary from other rap stars , including KRS One , Ice T and Nas . In the film , KRS One notes that "  Rodney King was the confirmation of everything we had been rapping about since the early '70s . " "  Boyz N the Hood " director John Singleton , who is featured in the documentary , told CNN , "  It was almost as if the riot legitimized everything we were trying to do as artists and show the world what was happening in our neighborhoods . " The filmmakers gained access to several people connected to the riots , including Henry Keith Watson , who participated in the beating of white truck driver Reginald Denny following police officers ' acquittal in the King case . Watson has long maintained his silence , but Ford and Abramson were able to get him to open up on film in a moment that shows him shrugging when asked if he regrets his part in the assault on Denny . "  Watson  pretty much tells it like it is , " Ford said . "  That was a very interesting thing to explore , that 20 years later even people who participated in the looting , Snoop Dogg being one of them , are n't incredibly repentant or apologetic about it , " he added . "  They look at it as something that happened ; it was a moment in time that was a frenzied and mob feeling . " Former talk-show host Arsenio Hall appears in "  Uprising " and attended a recent screening and panel discussion about the film . As the 20th anniversary of the riots is marked , Hall said the country must never forget . "  Here we are 20 years later , but it 's almost like the battle against AIDS , " Hall said . "  If we stop talking about it , people get careless , and they stop remembering that we 're on a mission . " Ford and Abramson said they are aware some may take offense at the title "  Uprising , " viewing the events as more of a crime than a revolution . But Ford said he hopes viewers come away from the documentary with a different message . "  It shows how powerful music can be , what it can do and what it means to people , " he said . "  I hope what people really take away from it is for us to pay attention to the suffering going on in our society . It just so happened at that time , hip-hop was about the only place you could hear the messages being told . " CNN 's Denise Quan and Jennifer Wolfe contributed to this report .	"  Uprising : Hip Hop and the L.A. Riots " examines the connection between music and 1992 riots The documentary features rap stars as well as those who participated in the rioting The director said he hopes viewers take away a powerful message from the film The documentary airs at 9 p.m. ET Tuesday on VH1
CNN  -- Thank you for your service . We say those words more frequently now -- when we see men and women in uniform at the airport , when we accept a paper poppy from a veteran at the supermarket , when we sit next to a member of the military at a ballgame . Thank you for your service . It 's a nice gesture , true , but small . We say it , but then most of us go back to the rest of our lives . It 's a volunteer military these days , after all ; we do n't have to serve , and we do n't have to remember . So we do n't have to think about the bitter cold of the Ardennes in the Battle of the Bulge . We do n't have to think about the steaming , confused jungles of the Vietnam War , a war whose 50th anniversary is now being commemorated . We do n't have to think about IEDs , and up-armored Humvees , and downed helicopters . We do n't have to think about the sacrifices . But we must . * * * * * She with thin form presently drest in black , By day her meals untouch 'd , then at night / fitfully sleeping , often waking , In the midnight waking , weeping , longing with / one deep longing , O that she might withdraw unnoticed , silent / from life escape and withdraw , To follow , to seek , to be with her dear dead / son . -- Walt Whitman , "  Come Up From the Fields , Father " Since Memorial Day was first observed in 1868 as Decoration Day , initially a way to honor Civil War dead , more than 600,000 U.S. servicemen and women have died in war . Millions more have served . They all went marching into the unknown , and not all of them came back . Home and Away : Your tributes to fallen loved ones When they 're gone , their loved ones must carry on . Taryn Davis ' husband , Army Cpl. Michael Davis , was 22 when he died in Iraq five years ago . She was 21 . She was young , she was told ; she 'll meet someone else , marry someone else . She was given the names of support groups , but they were filled with people much older . She felt adrift . It was n't until she met the widow of one of her husband 's comrades that she found her way forward . "  For me , it was inspiring , " Davis , a 2011 Top 10 CNN Hero , said . "  Like , ` Man , if she can get up every day and do this with a child , I can do this . ... I ca n't let her down . ' " Davis founded the American Widow Project , "  dedicated to the new generation of those who have lost the heroes of yesterday , today and tomorrow , " according to its website . Through it , Davis has helped people like her connect . And through it , she has found new meaning . "  They 've given me the gift of life again , " she said . Navy Lt. Cmdr. Chong "  Jay " Choe also lost a family member -- his wife , Navy Lt. Florence Bacong Choe . Bacong Choe was killed in Afghanistan in 2009 . Jay Choe is part of an uncommon group : widowers of war , a creation of the changing landscape of the U.S. military , as CNN 's Wayne Drash observed . Choe is also the father of a young girl . "  I was thrust into a role I was n't familiar with , " Choe said . The years since have been difficult . Most challenging has been raising his daughter as a single father . But , Choe says , the two share an unbreakable bond . "  We 've been through so much together and in so many uncharted territories together . " * * * * * "  If truth is the main casualty in war , ambiguity is another . " -- Paul Fussell , "  The Great War and Modern Memory " We want our war stories to be clean , to be triumphant tales of good over evil , shorn of shades of gray . But war is messy . So is memory . Karl Marlantes had trouble forgetting . To his family and friends , he was an honored ex-Marine , the business consultant with the medals . But Marlantes was haunted by his experiences in Vietnam . He had nightmares . He felt guilt . He could get angry . Finally , he sought help . He was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder . Counseling made a difference ; so did faith . He 's written two books about his experiences , a novel and a memoir , books that are both inspirational and cautionary . Now he wants others to remember , too . "  When the peace treaty is signed , the war is n't over for the veterans or the family , " he says . "  It 's just starting . " Braydon Nichols , on the other hand , always wants to remember . Nichols was the 10-year-old boy from Missouri who lost his father , Bryan , in Afghanistan and sent an iReport to CNN as a way to commemorate him . The story inspired more than 230 iReports and received thousands of responses . Not only is there a college fund for Braydon ; the Special Operations Warrior Foundation set up accounts to handle college tuition and room and board expenses for the children of every Army family who died in the Chinook helicopter crash that killed Braydon 's father , an Army officer . Braydon , for the most part , is doing well . But his uncle , Monte Nichols , says the boy 's father remains in the family 's heart . "  Bryan is with us all the time , every day his memory is alive for us . " Memory is important . Rose Mary Sabo Brown spent just one month with her husband , Army Spec . Leslie Sabo Jr. , before he left for Vietnam in 1969 . Six months after that , he was dead . It took more than 42 years , but Leslie Sabo Jr. was finally awarded the Medal of Honor earlier this month for his bravery in battle . He 'd been recommended for it by his unit , but somehow the recommendation was overlooked . President Obama presented the medal to Sabo Brown on May 16 . "  I 've never stopped thinking about him , " she said of her late husband . "  My heart is filled with pride that you ca n't even imagine . " Pride . Pain . It 's a terrible double-edged sword , memory is . At its best , it fills us with tenderness ; at its worst , it racks us with grief . And when it comes to the fallen , it 's hard to face the blade . But some people , we should recall , do n't have a choice . "  The thing about remembering , " wrote Tim O'Brien in "  The Things They Carried , " "  is that you do n't forget . "	This holiday was established in the 1860s to honor Civil War dead For those who have lost loved ones , the day cuts deeply On Memorial Day , we should remember those who gave their lives -- and those left behind
CNN  -- White House hopeful Mitt Romney will tell Americans Thursday morning as he seeks to become the nation 's first Mormon president that he shares the same "  moral convictions " as other people of faith . GOP White House hopeful Mitt Romney says his address wo n't be a "  JFK speech . " The former Massachusetts governor is delivering the speech to address religion 's role in government but also to address concerns voters might have about the Mormon religion . In excerpts released Thursday morning , Romney talks about the shared convictions of all faiths . But he resists those who would have him explain his own faith . "  There are some who would have a presidential candidate describe and explain his church 's distinctive doctrines . To do so would enable the very religious test the founders prohibited in the Constitution , " according to the excerpt . "  No candidate should become the spokesman for his faith . For if he becomes president , he will need the prayers of the people of all faiths . " The GOP contender has brushed off comparisons between his speech and John F. Kennedy 's famous address about his religious beliefs , insisting it wo n't be a flashback to 1960 . "  I 'm not going to be giving a JFK speech , " Romney said . "  He gave the definitive speech on discrimination relating to a political campaign , and what he said makes sense to me . I 'm going to be talking about the role of religion and faith in America , in a free society . " However , he added , "  I certainly will answer some questions related to how my own faith will inform my presidency . " Watch why Romney 's faith could trouble some voters " The GOP candidate 's campaign announced on Sunday his plans for the speech on "  Faith in America . " Romney will give the address at 10:30 a.m. ET at former President George H. W. Bush 's presidential library in College Station , Texas . About 300 people -- a combination of friends , family and religious and conservative leaders -- will be in the audience , according to a campaign spokesperson . Watch what 's behind Romney 's decision to talk about faith " Nearly a half century earlier , Kennedy took the stage in Houston , Texas , and addressed concerns that the Vatican would influence his policies . "  But because I am a Catholic , and no Catholic has ever been elected president , the real issues in this campaign have been obscured -- perhaps deliberately , in some quarters less responsible than this , " Kennedy said before Southern Baptist leaders on September 12 , 1960 . Watch Kennedy describe the ` real issues ' of his time " "  It is apparently necessary for me to state once again -- not what kind of church I believe in , for that should be important only to me -- but what kind of America I believe in , " he said , adding "  I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute . " Kennedy 's move was daring . He had come under attack for his Catholic upbringing , and he was tackling the issue before an audience of Southern Baptists . "  Given the closeness of the vote , you could easily make the argument that JFK won because of that speech , " said CNN Senior Political Analyst Bill Schneider . The man who wants to become the first Mormon president faces a different religious climate . Nearly 77 percent of those questioned in an October CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll said the fact that a candidate is a Mormon would not be a factor in the way they vote for president . But a significant portion -- 19 percent -- said they are less likely to vote for a Mormon . "  Those who have the biggest problem supporting a Mormon are church-going and evangelical Christians -- particularly those who believe that Mormonism is not a Christian religion , " Schneider said , citing the October poll . What do Mormons believe ? " And that also represents a large portion of the Republican base . Kennedy was n't viewed as a prominent player in Catholic circles . He told the Texas crowd , "  I am not the Catholic candidate for President . I am the Democratic Party 's candidate for President who happens also to be a Catholic . " Watch Kennedy promise to separate his religion 's views from his own " "  Non-Catholics expected Kennedy to say his faith would make no difference , which is hardly what today 's Republican Christian conservatives want to hear , " religion reporter Dick Ostling said in an interview with ReligionWriter . Romney , however , is active in his church . At age 19 , he became a full-time missionary of the Mormon church , temporarily leaving college to fulfill a Mormon calling and eventually becoming the equivalent of a bishop . Romney later made a fortune in the business world , and played a big role in the financial success of the 2002 Olympic winter games . In 2002 , he defeated the Democrats and became governor of traditionally liberal Massachusetts . In 1960 , Kennedy was already the Democratic Party nominee when he made his famous speech . Romney , on the other hand , has yet to seal his party 's nomination . He is still vying for his party 's vote , and the evangelical Christian vote in particular , which some say puts him in a more difficult position than Kennedy . "  Romney will address deeply committed religious Republicans and tell them , ` My values are the same as yours , even if we belong to different churches , ' " Schneider said . Brushing off differences between Mormons and other Christians is not the best campaign strategy , according to Ostling in RW . "  Better to candidly admit there are differences but these should not affect voting decisions , " Ostling told RW . "  The more effective plea is tolerance , asking voters to follow the spirit of the Constitution 's ban on any ` religious test ' to hold public office . " The Salt Lake City-based Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints claims about 12 million adherents worldwide , roughly half of them in the United States . Followers consider themselves Christians , but elements of Mormon theology -- that the Garden of Eden was located in what is now Missouri , that a lost tribe of Israelites settled in North America and that a resurrected Jesus Christ visited them -- differ sharply from orthodox Christian belief . The church 's early belief in polygamy fueled its persecution as followers migrated across the United States , but church leaders banned the practice in 1890 . E-mail to a friend	Romney to address role of religion in society in speech Thursday Speech is being compared to JFK 's 1960 speech about Catholicism , politics Some say speech is what sealed Kennedy 's win over Nixon 19 percent say they are less likely to vote for a Mormon , poll shows
CNN  -- It 's Halloween , and I 'm here to tell you to scare your kids fearlessly . It 's good for them . First , a story . Early last summer , my 9-year-old daughter and I took a trip to Hershey Park . Casey loves roller coasters  we first tackled Great Adventure 's Nitro and its blinding 80-mph speed when she was 4  . But vertical plunges ? No . That day I repeatedly asked her whether she 'd like to try Fahrenheit , a coaster that  egad  ascends 121 feet before plummeting down a  double egad  97-degree drop . She 'd shake her head , "  No . " Once she overcame the fear and took the plunge , I thought , genuine euphoria would ensue . Finally , I made an offer . "  Casey , " I said , "  if you go on Fahrenheit , I 'll let you play three games and buy you a soda  banned in our household  . "  OK , " she said , gulping . "  I 'll do it . " When the attendant locked down the protective bar , tears appeared . "  I do n't want to do this , " she said . More tears . "  Daddy , I do n't want to do this . " Onlookers began to stare . "  Honey , are you OK ? " an employee asked . "  Do you need to get off ? " "  Nooooo , " Casey said , still crying . "  No . " The ride started to move . Up . Up . Up . Straight up , staring into the blue Pennsylvania sky . "  Daddy , noooooooo , " Casey wailed . "  Daddy , I ca n't do this ... Daddddddddyyyyyyyyy ... " I was the worst father in history . We began our steep downward plunge . I turned to look at Casey . She was grinning , ear to ear . "  Whoooooooooooooooo ! " she screamed . "  This ! Is ! Awesome ! This ! Is ! Awesome ! " It was . As yet another October 31 approaches , I 've been thinking a lot about Casey and Fahrenheit and the virtues of a scared tyke . Last weekend , at my children 's elementary school , the wife and I organized a Halloween party that included , for the first time , a haunted house . The fare was pretty typical : a man in a Michael Myers mask reaching out toward people , a cemetery filled with zombies , a crazy chef cooking guts and eyeballs . It was held in a dark hallway and despite that was clearly more about fun than fear . Yet one after another , parents questioned me about whether their 6-to-11-year-old tykes were ready for a fright , whether perhaps being too scared would create some sort of enduring mental impairment that could haunt their dreams  and ruin their Harvard futures  . I was n't merely asked whether the house was scary . I was asked whether Junior could "  handle it . " "  He might flinch a little , " I 'd say . "  But he can handle it . " Some turned away angrily . Others silently walked off . About 400 kids took the plunge . Some cried at the end , but only a few . Truth is , sometimes kids need to be scared . Pushed . Coerced . And forced to try things that might feel uncomfortable or awkward or even terrifying . But , handled right , can also allow them to emerge feeling proud , brave and accomplished . "  Children are resilient by nature , " said Tammy Regnet , a prevention specialist in the Buffalo , New York , public school system . "  As long as there 's some support available , they can bounce back from difficult experiences without much trouble . " In her work , Regnet is part of a team that takes inner-city children to a ropes course in the woods . There 's a zipline , and it 's high and long and daunting . "  The kids have to be pulled up , and when they 're ready to stop they yell out , ` OK , stop now ! ' " said Regnet . "  But we always say , ` Are you sure you do n't want to go a bit further ? ' We try and talk them into it , because the goal is to have them experience life . Without crossing a comfort line , that 's hard to do . " Are there limitations ? Surely , said Vanessa Taback , a psychologist with the Yonkers public school system . In New York parents should already be cued into their kid 's emotional readiness . "  It 's not about age , " Taback said . And then there is common sense : "  What you need to be aware of is what 's developmentally appropriate . Blood and guts flying out from the ceiling atop a 6-year old probably is n't the best thing . " Then again , she said , "  At least if a parent is there , it can explained and grasped . Children can be very concrete . So they need an outlet to discuss these things . Haunted houses can be a lot of fun for young kids . So can Halloween . But it 's valuable to have an adult nearby . " Halloween is about candy and masks , but it 's also about crossing that comfort line : a crazy day when a kid can stroll through a haunted house , ring a doorbell and see the unfamiliar face of someone who gives him or her candy , talk about ghosts and goblins and things that go bump in the night . It should be a little scary ; let them handle it . More than ever , parents today seem obsessively determined to do more than merely observe and  if needed  explain . We unnecessarily hold our kids back a year of school in the name of "  getting ahead . " We present every member of every youth team with a season-ending medal , even if they went 0-11 and scored -23 goals . We kick off the school year by demanding principals place our precious darlings with just the right teacher in just the right environment with just the right classmates . We coddle and comfort and make certain no step will be taken without a fluffy pillow to fall back upon . Well , to hell with that . Unless your child is absolutely petrified beyond belief  like , ahem , my son  , find the nearest haunted house , plunk down the $ 20 and take your children for the most frightening little walk of their lives . Then watch as they scream their heads off -- and rave about it right after . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Jeff Pearlman : Daughter feared roller coaster , rode it , loved it . Same with Halloween scares He says parents should let their kids get a little terrified at Halloween . It 's good for them Parents should support , explain , use heads on appropriateness but not overly shield Pearlman : Kids can confront fear , emerge feeling proud , brave . We coddle too much
Tukwila , WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Dude was in the house . Winners of the Seattle Lebowski Fest best-costume prizes pose at a bowling alley . Actually there were 11 Dudes , all dressed in the bathrobe-paired-with-sunglasses look made famous by actor Jeff Bridges in the movie "  The Big Lebowski . " The venue , a bowling alley outside Seattle , Washington , was the setting for the Lebowski Fest , the unofficial celebration of the Coen brothers classic . When the film -- with its story of an aging hippie bowler turned bumbling detective -- opened in 1998 , "  The Big Lebowski " fell flat at the box office and with many critics . Since then , however , the movie has developed a distinct cult following . "  These guys are not the ` Star Trek ' fans , they are not the ` Star Wars ' fans , they are a different class . They are not the nerds . They are the slackers , " said attendee Scott Glancy . Dressed like a wide range of characters from the film , about 200 attendees of Seattle Lebowski Fest watched the movie yet again , bowled , drank the film 's signature white Russians and quoted each other their favorite lines . Watch highlights from the Fest " There were plenty of Jeff "  the Dude " Lebowskis , but also a handful of people dressed like his addled Vietnam vet sidekick Walter Sobchak , and sex offender nemesis from the bowling alley , Jesus Quintana . Others dressed up as lines of dialogue or set pieces , like the tumbleweed blowing across Los Angeles in the opening of the film . Most of the attendees stay in character the entire night with a dedication that would make Russell Crowe or Robert DeNiro jealous . "  There 's a certain community thing that goes on when you hang out and watch your favorite film , " said Lebowski Fest co-founder Scott Shuffitt . "  When you are watching it with 700 people who love it just as much as you do and everyone 's quoting from it , it 's just a really nice community . " Shuffitt and fellow founder Will Russell came up with the idea in 2002 while quoting lines from the movie during a slow day selling T-shirts at a tattoo expo in Louisville , Kentucky , where they live . "  People we did n't know jumped in and started quoting lines with us , " Russell said . "  We realized we are not alone with our obsession for this movie , and we thought , ` Hey man , let 's have a party in a bowling alley for "  The Big Lebowski " ' and never thought anything would come of it , and here we are eight years later doing it all over the country . " Since then , Lebowski Fest has been held 25 times in the United States and overseas . This year , the roving celebration of the movie will visit 15 cities , including Chicago , Illinois , New York and Washington . Rachel Life , who dressed as Maude Lebowski , the film 's eccentric artist and love interest for the Dude , said the fest brings a sense of community . "  I love hanging out with freaks that are like me , " she said . "  We are letting our freak flags fly ! " Dude look-alike Kurt Michaels came for the feeling of being in on the joke . "  It 's just this cult following , " he said . "  So many people are in on something that the general public is not aware of . " And for Scott Glancy , it 's about getting something -- anything -- out of an otherwise unfortunate natural resemblance to a character played by actor John Goodman . "  It 's my destiny , " he said . "  Where else can I come where I can be a superstar for four hours ? "	"  The Big Lebowski " fell flat at the box office , but has developed a cult following Film tells story of an aging hippie bowler turned bumbling detective Lebowski Fest attendees dress like characters from the film , bowl , quote lines Most of the fans stay in character the entire night
