Mantecore , the white tiger whose co-starring role in Siegfried and Roy 's illusion-packed Las Vegas act was overshadowed by one visceral act of violence , has died . The big cat was 17 . Mantecore died March 19 , wrote Siegfried Fischbacher on the duo 's Facebook page Tuesday . The tiger had been living at the Siegfried & Roy Secret Garden and Dolphin Habitat at the Mirage hotel . Mantecore was a part of the long-running "  Siegfried & Roy " show when it lunged at Roy Horn 's neck halfway through a sold-out performance in October 2003 . "  He  Horn  looked like a rag doll in his mouth , " an audience member told CNN at the time . Trainers quickly rushed the stage to subdue the tiger . It was Horn 's 59th birthday . By the time emergency officials arrived , Horn had suffered massive blood loss and was in critical condition . He also suffered a stroke and required two surgeries . Four days after the attack , Fischbacher defended the tiger on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  Listen , I say it was an accident , " he said , adding that if Mantecore wanted to kill his partner "  it would  have happened  in no time . " Siegfried also said that Mantecore biting Horn 's neck was similar to what a mother cat does with her cubs . Horn did survive the attack , but was left partially paralyzed . He never returned to the stage and makes only rare public appearances . The show , too , was canceled . In his post about Mantecore , Fischbacher wrote about the closeness he felt with the tiger . Mantecore was one of three cubs . The cub 's mother neglected it . So Fischbacher once had to go into the tiger 's den and give it mouth-to-mouth resuscitation . The young cub was then cared for by Fischbacher 's mother , who bottle-fed it every three hours . "  Farewell my dear friend , " Fischbacher wrote . "  Know that your image is forever burned into my heart . "	Mantecore attacked Roy during a sold-out performance in 2003 Roy was left paralyzed in the attack The show was canceled Siegfried remembers the tiger fondly in Facebook post
CNN  -- A humanitarian watchdog group on Wednesday raised concerns over the U.S. military 's handling of juvenile detainees in Iraq , saying "  some children have been detained for more than a year without charge or trial . " U.S. soldiers count juvenile detainees after a restroom break at Camp Cropper in Iraq in September 2007 . Human Rights Watch alleges that children in U.S. custody in Iraq are being "  held without due process . " The New York-based group called on the military to release children detained for more than a year and to provide child detainees timely judicial reviews and "  prompt access to independent legal assistance and family visits . " "  In conflicts where it was not directly involved , the U.S. has been a leader in helping child soldiers re-enter society , " Clarisa Bencomo , a children 's rights researcher on the Middle East at Human Rights Watch , is quoted in the report . "  That kind of leadership is unfortunately missing in Iraq . " Bencomo said , "  The vast majority of children detained in Iraq languish for months in U.S. military custody . The U.S. should provide these children with immediate access to lawyers and an independent judicial review of their detention . " A Multi-National Force-Iraq spokesman for detainee operations defended the practices of the U.S.-led coalition and denied aspects of the report . In several instances , Maj. Matthew Morgan said that Human Rights Watch is calling upon coalition forces "  to do something that is already a matter of practice in Iraq . " However , he concurred with the report 's statement that the "  arrest and detention of a child must be used only as a measure of last resort and for the shortest appropriate period of time . " "  We could not agree more , " Morgan said . "  Detention is a last resort , and it is carried out judiciously . " Insurgents reportedly have used some children to conduct attacks in Iraq . The Human Rights Watch paper said American military authorities were detaining 513 Iraqi children as "  imperative threats to security " as of May 12 , and has detained around 2,400 children in Iraq since 2003 -- some as young as 10 . Morgan estimated the youngest detainees now are eight children who all are believed to be around age 13 . "  Although specific age determinations are impossible , the remainder of the juvenile population ranges from 14 through 17 , " he added . Morgan also said the number of juvenile detainees is fewer than 500 at the moment , down from nearly 1,000 in summer 2007 . Most child detainees are held at the Camp Cropper detention facility in Baghdad , where a 17-year-old boy was strangled to death by another child detainee , the report said . Others are detained at Camp Bucca near the southern city of Basra , Human Rights Watch said . As of February , the paper said , "  The reported average length of detention for children was more than 130 days , and some children have been detained for more than a year without charge or trial , in violation of the Coalition Provisional Authority memorandum on criminal procedures . " Human Rights Watch noted the memo on the security detainee process says "  any person under the age of 18 interned at any time shall in all cases be released not later than 12 months after the initial date of internment . " Morgan characterized the call for the release of children who have been detained for more than a year a "  hollow demand based on an inaccurate claim . " "  There are no juveniles in coalition force custody who have been detained for more than a year , " he said . "  All juveniles are required to be released within one year ; the majority are released in fewer than six months . " The report also listed other "  due process " concerns : • The military might interrogate child detainees for days or weeks before transferring them to main detention facilities , and "  they have no real opportunity to challenge their detention . " • Military advocates assigned by the U.S. to each child at a mandatory six-month detention review have "  no training in juvenile justice or child development . " • American officials allegedly said that "  children are not provided with lawyers and do not attend the one-week or one-month detention reviews after their transfer to Camp Cropper . " • The children have "  limited contact " with their families . Morgan said that juvenile detainees do have access to family visitation , including those held in Baghdad , "  in part to make them more accessible to families and service providers . " He also said those charged under Iraqi law do have access to legal counsel , but "  those who are not referred to the Iraqi criminal courts do not have legal counsel because they are not charged with a crime . " All detainees ' cases are reviewed by independent attorneys within seven days of internment , Morgan said . "  Those referred to the Central Criminal Court of Iraq are reviewed in accordance with Iraqi law . Those not referred to CCCI are reviewed in accordance with international humanitarian law , " he added . Human Rights Watch also criticized the U.S. military for sending 200 to 300 of the 513 child detainees to Dar al-Hikmah , or House of Wisdom . The juvenile detainee education facility was opened at Camp Cropper in August 2007 with the "  stated intention to provide 600 detainees , ranging in age from 11 to 17 , with educational services pending release or transfer to Iraqi custody . " Morgan said juveniles "  are given access to some of the highest quality schooling available in Iraq " at Dar al-Hikmah . The report said an "  unknown number " of youths have been transferred to Iraqi custody , and it made reference to a U.N. Assistance Mission in Iraq report that said children under Iraqi custody "  are at risk of physical abuse . " "  Like adults , children transferred to Iraqi custody are at risk of abuse and poor conditions of confinement . A U.S. military official in Baghdad told Human Rights Watch this month that the U.S. was delaying the transfer of 130 child detainees to Iraq 's al-Tobchi juvenile detention facility because of conditions there , " the report said . Morgan said the coalition has refrained from "  transferring physical custody of children to Iraqi authorities pending trial when there is reason to believe they will be at risk of abuse " and that the military does separate juveniles from the greater population . "  Those with special needs such as the mentally infirm are provided medical care and placed in separate housing where appropriate for their individual case , " he said . Other developments • The chief security officer for the Iraqi Transportation Ministry was gunned down Wednesday on a highway in eastern Baghdad , an official with the Iraqi Interior Ministry said . Col. Abdul Karim Muhsan was killed when at least four gunmen in two cars intercepted his vehicle and shot him , the official said . • Four people were killed and 12 were wounded in two car bomb attacks Wednesday in the capital , an Interior Ministry official said . The bombings occurred within an hour of each other in different parts of western Baghdad , the official said . CNN 's Joe Sterling and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Children in U.S. custody denied rights , Human Rights Watch report says Young detainees do n't have access to legal help , families , group says Military spokesman says all detainees treated in accordance with law Group , military disagree on number , status of detainees
Cambridge , New Zealand  CNN  -- Cambridge , New Zealand is a small , picturesque town of just 18,400 inhabitants . The last time there was a royal visit here was a generation ago , in 1953 , when Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip came just after the Queen 's coronation . Locals still talk about that moment in local history , but now they have the next chapter . Excitement about this weekend 's visit by The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge was on full display in the pretty high street . Every other shop had been decorated with bunting and royal paraphernalia . It was as if everyone had rummaged through their drawers looking for anything royal or just UK-related and turned it into a display . There was mannequin wearing a Union flag apron and a tea cozy on her head ; tea caddies , tea cups , tea pots ; umbrellas , ornamental London phone boxes and buses . There was even a tattered guidebook from Windsor Castle . Acoustic Mexican wave The night before the visit , excitement reached fever pitch . People started camping outside the town hall . By dawn Saturday , the pavements were lined with well-wishers . People had come from as far away as New Zealand 's capital , Wellington . By lunchtime , the population of the town had doubled . When we approached them with our camera , they cheered -- in fact if anything happened , they cheered . One teenager said she was a republican but had come here because of her mother who was a big royal fan . Both got in the spirit of things with matching tiara hair grips . There 's always an eery calm before the royals actually turn up . The roads are cleared , security is locked down and then there is a pause before you hear -- then see -- police outriders . Suddenly , the royal limo is right there before you . Cue : scream . It 's inverted "  Bieber fever , " mums and daughters -- but with the mums shouting . In Cambridge , the royal convoy did a loop through the town and there was an acoustic Mexican wave as the cheers followed them . As the couple pulled up at the town hall and got out , the cheers erupted into screams ... then a huge boo , which was odd . Turns out a van had blocked the crowd 's view but was quickly moved on , allowing the screams to resume . The Duchess has n't been to New Zealand before and she wanted to meet as many people as possible , so "  walkabouts " have been built into the schedule . Republican to royalist At the Cambridge Town Hall , after meeting dignitaries and paying their respects at the war memorial , The Duke and Duchess crossed the road to the now heaving crowds . "  I was here at half past two in the morning , " said one lady . "  But this was an opportunity that I was not prepared to let go by any means of the imagination . I was going to be here come whatever . " After less than an hour , the royal visit was over . I spotted the royalist mother with her republican daughter . "  How did you cope ? " I asked . "  I know you were quite excited beforehand . " "  I was , I went all gooey , " she said . "  Completely lost it but the good news is , I think I have converted my daughter to a royalist . " I put that to the daughter who said : "  Yep . He shook my hand . " "  That 's all it takes ? " I asked and she said ; "  Yep . " This royal tour must be sending shudders through the spine of the New Zealand republican movement . But we wo n't know what real impact it has had until the whirlwind is over , the window displays are back in the drawers and New Zealanders have had a proper chance to consider whether the Cambridges are people they like to see -- or would like to reign .	The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince George are visiting NZ and Australia Prince William and Catherine visited the small town of Cambridge Saturday By lunchtime , the town 's population had doubled as people gathered to see them There were scenes of screaming and one well-wisher described going "  all gooey "
Africa is not just a mobile-first continent . It is mobile-only . As such , many of the most innovative startups address mobile for what it is : the gold of today , the new , digital equivalent of a railroad . Read this : ` Netflix of Africa ' brings Nollywood to world Drawing up this list , I was struck by how readily I thought of good South African tech firms that deserved to be here -- so I shamelessly let my patriotic fervor guide me . Looking back , I still think they all deserve to be on this list . Several of the names on this list come from the final 40 of this year 's Demo Africa the African arm of this renowned launch event for tech start-ups , held in Nairobi . Read this : Web savvy Africans fuel growth in online shopping The most recent figures for mobile and internet usage are promising , and show room for growth . "  Only 16 percent of the Africa 's one billion people are currently online , but that share is rising . More than 720-million Africans have mobile phones , 167-million already use the Internet , and 52-million are on Facebook , " reported consultancy McKinsey , in a report entitled " Lions go Digital : The Internet 's transformative potential in Africa . " Click through the gallery above to see , in no particular order , the innovative companies at the forefront of Africa 's tech revolution . READ MORE : Mxit , South Africa 's Facebook beater READ MORE : ` Nigerian iTunes ' dances to the mobile phone beat READ MORE : Africa 's techies hop aboard the StartupBus	Toby Shapshak has selected the most exciting African startups to watch this year Click through the gallery to find out which ones make the list
CNN  -- The new Kindle Paperwhite is n't the perfect character . Just like the literary creations that live and die on its screen , it has flaws . It 's wise , though it still suffers from memories of its past . But in the great e-reader saga , it 's clearly the protagonist , and one worth rooting for . The Paperwhite 's screen is brilliant in the literal sense of the word , as it glows . The new Kindle is n't the first e-reader with a screen that lights up : Barnes & Noble beat Amazon to the punch by five months with its Nook Simple Touch with Glowlight . But the light-up screen on the new Kindle surpasses the one on the Nook because it solves most  but not all  of the light uniformity issues evident on the earlier device . . Granted , illuminating an e-ink screen is difficult . The most common solution is to use a nano-printed "  light guide " â $ " the LEDs sit at the bottom of the device , and a thin plastic screen with tiny patterns etched into it carries the light toward the middle and top of the display . The scores gradually disperse the beams , allowing more light to permeate to the top as the nano guides get further form the light source . This creates an even distribution of soft light , and the whole screen gently glows . It 's much less fatiguing than a back-lit screen  like a tablet  and is more comfortable during late-night reading sessions . But , like the Nook , the light source creates a problem : blossoms of LED light appear at the bottom of the screen . It 's fainter than the light-source bleed found on the Nook , but it 's still there . It 's only annoying at the bottom of the screen , but it breaks up the flow of an otherwise flawless screen . Fortunately , the attention Amazon has paid to the rest of the screen makes up for these lighting hiccups . Text on the Kindle Paperwhite is darker and crisper than what I 've seen on previous-generation Kindles . Also , the background color of the screen is lighter than previous Kindles . It 's less "  cardboard " and more "  coffee with too much milk . " Amazon says the Paperwhite has 25 percent more contrast . Without busting out the contrast spectrometer to test Amazon 's claim , I 'm going to go with what I can see , and when compared to my last-generation Kindle , it 's clear Amazon has indeed increased the contrast of the screen . But this is n't just a screen you look at ; it 's one you touch . Amazon has added a finish to the capacitive screen that feels like the paper stock used in high-end hardcover books . It 's a small detail , and if it were absent , it would n't detract from the e-reader . But , it 's a nice touch that gives the screen a tactile feel not found on other e-readers . One thing I would 've liked to have seen on the Paperwhite : physical page-turn buttons . Touchscreens are great and all , but when you end up losing your place in a book , all the touchy-swipey technology in the world ca n't sway my belief that sometimes , a physical button is better . Even without buttons , the physical execution of the Paperwhite puts it ahead of the competition . It 's light , eminently pocketable , and presents the best electronic reading experience . So the fact that Amazon raised the bar with updates to the Kindle 's software feature set is just gravy on the cake . Page turning is simplified . The screen is divided into three sectors . Tap one sector to navigate forward , one to navigate backward , and one to bring up the menu . The "  page forward " sector gets the largest swath of real estate , encompassing the bottom 80 percent of the screen and 80 percent of the right-hand side . The left 20 percent is reserved to go back a page . This layout make sense , considering most touches are to advance a book . The remaining top 20 percent of the screen is reserved for access to the system menu . After a few missed taps while trying to find the sweet spot , I was able to navigate to the next page while holding the Kindle in my left hand . I 'm a big guy with large hands , so reaching over that 20 percent portion of screen with my thumb is easy . Your tapping mileage may vary . The underlying platform is really the true make-it-or-break-it feature of any e-reader , and Amazon has this dialed . Your current location in the book in displayed in the lower left-hand corner . More impressive is the e-reader 's ability to learn your reading speed and give you information on how long it will take you to finish a chapter , or the entire book . I used this "  Time to Read " feature at night to help determine if I should stay up another 45 minutes to finish a chapter or just go to sleep . The X-Ray feature that premiered on the Kindle Fire is also available on the Paperwhite . It 's an incredibly helpful way to keep track of the hundreds of characters in fantasy novels  or just the five characters in a regular book  . I found it especially helpful when reading multiple books in a series like "  A Song of Ice and Fire , " and I needed help determining which guy was doing the beheading . And it 's easy to get trapped reading multiple books at once , thanks to Amazon 's ecosystem . Not just the blockbusters  everyone has those  , but the Kindle Singles , the sample chapters , the periodicals , the textbooks , the lending services . Nobody can compete with the online retailer 's services , or the breadth of its catalog . Amazon Prime subscribers get access to books that can be borrowed for no additional cost . And all of this is accessible from the Kindle 's built-in bookstore â $ " which is serviceable , though it 's still easier to shop on a real computer . The Kindle Paperwhite starts at $ 120 . That 's for the Wi-Fi-only , ad-supported model . You can get the ad-free Kindle for $ 140 , but since you never see an ad in-book  only on the sleep screen , or when browsing your library  it does n't really matter . In fact , my test unit eventually ended up showing me something I wanted to buy . Throw in free worldwide 3G connectivity , and the prices jump to $ 180 and $ 200 . It 's useful if you 're buying books while sitting on the beach in Italy . Otherwise , save yourself some money and go Wi-Fi . I should also point out that Barnes & Noble just dropped the light-up Nook 's price to $ 120 â $ " and that 's without ads . But I 'd still recommend the Kindle Paperwhite . It has the better software features , the stellar screen , and the unstoppable ecosystem . It keeps its crown as king of the e-readers . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Review : Kindle Paperwhite keeps Amazon at top of the pile for e-readers There 's a little light bleeding at screen bottom , but overall feel makes up for it Paperwhite uses only touchscreen with no physical buttons E-reader is $ 120 with ads or $ 140 without
CNN  -- The Federal Reserve 's newly released Survey of Consumer Finances confirmed what most of us already knew : The middle class has taken a really big hit . Between 2007 to 2010 , the typical family had lost nearly 40 % of their wealth . And , despite that our economy was 15 % larger in 2010 than in 2001 , the typical family 's wealth decreased by 27.1 % since 2001 . On top of that , income had fallen . Median family income in 2010 was down by 7.7 % from its 2007 level and 6.3 % from its level a decade ago . The picture looks dismal , does n't it ? But none of these numbers are surprising really . Is the average American poorer than before ? Yes . The Fed 's survey is picking up on the huge effect of the collapse of the housing bubble . For many middle class families , their home is by far their largest financial asset . For decades , people were encouraged to believe that it was the safest way to save for retirement or other purposes . This clearly was not true when house prices became inflated . In the years when the bubble reached levels that were clearly unsustainable , from 2002 to 2007 , housing was just about the worst possible place to keep wealth . Unfortunately , tens of millions of Americans listened to experts such as former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan , who assured the country that there was no housing bubble . According to reports , Greenspan has a very nice pension and a job that pays more than $ 1 million a year . He certainly does n't have to worry like the typical American family . It is difficult to read through the Fed survey and not get angry at the wreckage from a completely preventable disaster . American families : How are you coping ? Greenspan could have used his enormous stature to warn of the dangers of buying overvalued houses . He could have warned lenders of the risks of issuing mortgages on overvalued property . And he could have used the massive research capacities of the Fed to document without question the existence of a bubble and the damage that its collapse would cause . He also could have used the Fed 's regulatory power to crack down on the epidemic of mortgage fraud that the FBI had highlighted as early as 2004 . If Greenspan had acted responsibly and taken some of these steps , as some of us have urged at the time , the housing bubble could have been contained before it was too late . But if all else failed , he could have raised interest rates . To make interest rate hikes more effective , he could have told the markets that he was explicitly targeting the bubble . For example , he could have promised to raise rates until nationwide house prices fell back to their 2000 level . Greenspan 's failure is history now , but we should demand that the Fed take asset bubbles more seriously in the future . There is nothing more important that the Fed can do . So , what now ? It should be apparent that housing is not a safe asset , even when we are not in a bubble . Those who advocate that everyone should be a homeowner are displaying their ignorance . Homeownership in many markets can be like putting all your savings in your employer 's stock . Ask an autoworker in Detroit if this is not clear . Another important takeaway is that older Americans are extremely ill-prepared for retirement . The median wealth for families between the ages of 55 to 64 is $ 179,400 . For families between the ages of 45 to 54 , it is just $ 117,900 . This is everything they own -- all their savings , retirement accounts and the equity they have in their home . The typical retiree in the next two decades will be almost entirely dependent on his or her Social Security check . Remarkably , in Washington , all the important people think the most pressing matter is finding ways to cut Social Security and Medicare . By detailing the economic slide of the average American , the Fed survey highlights a problem that is becoming increasing clear : growing inequality in our country . While most people are hurting badly , the very rich -- whose wealth and income have grown disproportionately big in recent times -- have largely recovered from the downturn . Americans should not tolerate a society where the rules are rigged to redistribute income upward . Otherwise , expect to become poorer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Baker .	Federal Reserve released survey showing average family losing 38.8 % of net worth Dean Baker : Few surprised that the average American is poorer than before He says Alan Greenspan could have tried to contain the housing bubble Baker : Americans should not tolerate a society in which wealth inequality widens
NEW YORK  CNN  -- In a column appearing in Newsweek , world affairs expert and author Fareed Zakaria said he thinks it would be best for Republican presidential hopeful John McCain if Gov. Sarah Palin bowed out as his vice presidential running mate . "  For him to choose Sarah Palin to be his running mate is fundamentally irresponsible , " says Zakaria . Zakaria says McCain did not put the country first in making his V.P. choice , and he says Palin is not qualified to lead the United States . CNN spoke to him about his commentary titled , "  Palin is ready ? Please . " CNN : What did you initially think when Sarah Palin was announced as the Republican vice presidential nominee ? Zakaria : I was a bit surprised -- as I think most people were . But I was willing to give her a chance . And I thought her speech at the convention was clever and funny . But once she began answering questions about economics and foreign policy , it became clear that she has simply never thought about these subjects before and is dangerously ignorant and unprepared for the job of vice president , let alone president . Watch Zakaria slam Sarah Palin " CNN : You do n't think she is qualified ? Zakaria : No . Gov. Palin has been given a set of talking points by campaign advisers , simple ideological mantras that she repeats and repeats as long as she can . But if forced off those rehearsed lines , what she has to say is often , quite frankly -- nonsense . Just listen to her response to Katie Couric 's question about the bailout . It 's gibberish -- an emptying out of catchphrases about economics that have nothing to do with the question or the topic . It 's scary to think that this person could be running the country . Here is their exchange : Katie Couric : Why is n't it better , Gov. Palin , to spend $ 700 billion helping middle-class families who are struggling with health care , housing , gas and groceries ; allow them to spend more and put more money into the economy instead of helping these big financial institutions that played a role in creating this mess ? Gov. Sarah Palin : That 's why I say I , like every American I 'm speaking with , we 're ill about this position that we have been put in where it is the taxpayers looking to bail out . But ultimately , what the bailout does is help those who are concerned about the health-care reform that is needed to help shore up our economy , helping the -- it 's got to be all about job creation , too , shoring up our economy and putting it back on the right track . So health-care reform and reducing taxes and reining in spending has got to accompany tax reductions and tax relief for Americans . And trade , we 've got to see trade as opportunity , not as a competitive , scary thing . But one in five jobs being created in the trade sector today , we 've got to look at that as more opportunity . All those things under the umbrella of job creation . This bailout is a part of that . CNN : But Dan Quayle was n't very qualified and that did n't seem to matter , did it ? Zakaria : This is way beyond Dan Quayle . Quayle was a lightweight who was prone to scramble his words , or say things that sounded weird , but you almost always knew what he meant . One of his most famous miscues was to the United Negro College Fund when he said , "  What a terrible thing to have lost one 's mind . Or not to have a mind at all . " Now he was trying to play off a famous ad that the group used to run , "  A Mind is a Terrible Thing to Waste . " And he screwed it up in a funny way . But read Gov. Palin 's answers and it does appear that she does n't have any understanding about the topic under discussion . CNN : But she has a lot of supporters . Zakaria : Look , I 'm not saying that she is not a feisty , charismatic politician who has done some good things in Alaska . It is just we are talking about a person who should be ready to lead the United States at a moment 's notice . She has never spent a day thinking about any important national or international issue , and this is a hell of a time to start . CNN : Does it make you concerned about Sen. McCain as a president ? Zakaria : Yes , and I say this with sadness because I greatly admire John McCain , a man of intelligence , honor and enormous personal and political courage . However , for him to choose Sara Palin to be his running mate is fundamentally irresponsible . He did not put the country first with this decision . Whether it is appropriate or not , considering Sen. McCain 's age most people expected to have a vice presidential candidate who would be ready to step in at a moment 's notice . The actuarial odds of that happening are significant , something like a one-in-five chance .	Fareed Zakaria says John McCain did not put country first with his choice Palin should bow out saying she wants "  to spend more time with her family , " he says Zakaria : This is "  hell of a time " for Palin to start thinking about national , global issues
CNN  -- Listen carefully at the corner of Trade and Tryon streets in uptown Charlotte , and you 'll hear the sounds that make the Queen City one of the country 's best-kept secrets . The laughter of old men playing chess in a courtyard . The music from Alive after Five , a weekly summer outdoor concert series that draws hundreds of young professionals looking to loosen their ties and unwind after work . The roar of the fans at Bank of America Stadium , where Panthers quarterback sensation Cam Newton has just breathed life into a good-as-dead team . iReport : Share photos and tips for Charlotte The drone of the ever-present street sweeper , keeping the city as sparkling as its skyscrapers . The soft breeze rustling the blooming trees of spring . The silence on a hot summer day when most Charlotteans flee the city for the cooling relief of Lake Norman , just 20 minutes north . I last stood at that intersection in the center of the city more than two years ago , right before I moved to Atlanta . I thought foolishly then that I needed a bigger city . The truth is , I 've never missed Charlotte more . iReport : Share photos and tips for Tampa The people I grew up in Northern Virginia , which -- if you 're from the D.C. area -- you know is not really the South , despite its geographical location below the Mason-Dixon line . Southern , I am not . I take my tea unsweet , still have n't acquired a taste for collards and find it physically impossible for my mouth to form the word "  y' all . " So why did I fall in love with Charlotte , North Cackalacky ? A former colleague of mine at The Charlotte Observer once wrote that the best icebreaker question in Charlotte is , "  Where are you from ? " The region , with 1.8 million residents , is teeming with newcomers , making it a melting pot of accents and cultures . City smackdown : New York vs. Los Angeles In my group of friends , we hailed from Iowa , Indiana , New York , Boston and Michigan . Out of all of us , only one was part of the increasingly endangered species known as native Charlotteans . A big part of the draw is Charlotte 's banking institutions . The city is home to Bank of America , and Wells Fargo 's East Coast offices are headquartered there . But the mild year-round weather and its proximity to the beach and the mountains -- Charleston 's just three hours away and Asheville a mere two -- are what entice people to lay down roots . Destination USA : Miami beyond the beaches The food The diversity of Charlotte 's residents makes for an equally eclectic restaurant scene . My favorite Indian restaurant to date is Copper , in the streetcar suburb of Dilworth . When I crave a burger , I immediately think of Bad Daddy 's Burger Bar . On a cold winter night , nothing warms you up like the chicken and dumplings at Dish in the funky neighborhood of Plaza Midwood , where tattooed and pierced waiters serve up comfort food with a side of sass . Have a sweet tooth ? My mouth still waters at the thought of the salted caramel brownies at Amelie 's French Bakery in the NoDa  North Davidson  Historic Arts District . Open 24/7 , the Parisian-style bakery is typically filled with local entrepreneurs and college students sipping coffee and munching on pastries over their laptops . I could begin a debate about how Eastern North Carolina-style barbecue is superior to all others , but that 's another column . Instead , if you 're in Charlotte , get a pork barbecue plate at Bill Spoon 's , a local institution in south Charlotte since 1963 . When its namesake owner died in 2007 , it prompted an outpouring of condolences from the community . Spoon 's grandson still operates the restaurant , keeping up Bill 's legacy of good ` cue and better service . And finally , no visit to Charlotte is complete without stopping at Price 's Chicken Coop for the best fried chicken you will ever eat . Walk across the street and grab a spot on the grass to savor the crispy decadence : There is no seating inside , and lines form long before the noon lunch hour . At your first bite , you 'll realize why actor-singer Lenny Kravitz said recently that the thing he misses most about filming "  Hunger Games " in Charlotte is Price 's chicken . North Carolina lures ` Hunger Games ' fans The lifestyle I lived in Charlotte for five years , two of which were spent covering the city 's nightlife and entertainment scene for the newspaper . As part of my job , I attended concerts , took in touring Broadway plays , sipped cocktails at almost every local watering hole , partied with NASCAR drivers and Panthers players , and rubbed elbows with the city 's leaders at high-end charity events . Since I 've left , the number of attractions has grown even further , with the opening of the NASCAR Hall of Fame and a four-venue arts complex comprised of three museums and an intimate theater . The Levine Center for the Arts takes up an entire uptown block , and each building is more visually stunning than the last . But the things I miss the most are running into friends at Target and Trader Joe 's , being on a first-name basis with local business owners and being within an easy 15-minute drive of almost everything . This is the New South : Small-town charm and Southern hospitality are ever-present , but in a bustling , modern city with a lively arts and entertainment scene . Come September , Charlotte will be on the world 's stage as an estimated 35,000 people , hundreds of news media and President Barack Obama descend on the city for the 2012 Democratic National Convention . It will easily be the biggest event to ever happen in Charlotte , whose local leaders have been consistently billing it as a world-class city worthy of such events . If you 're one of those attending the convention , you might find the intersection of Trade and Tryon too busy to stop and take it all in . Charlotte , let this former resident be the first to congratulate you . You have arrived . Tampa or Charlotte ? Cast your vote above and share photos and support for your city on iReport.com .	As part of our Destination USA series , we pit rival cities and let you decide which is best Charlotte and Tampa host this year 's Democratic and Republican conventions Sarah Aarthun says Charlotte combines big-city amenities and small-town charm Fight for your city ! Show us why you think Charlotte or Tampa is better on CNN iReport
CNN  -- In an attack orchestrated by a Pakistani Taliban commander , around 250 prisoners , most of them militants , were freed this week at the central prison in Dera Ismail Khan in northwestern Pakistan . The commander , Adnan Rashid , had been freed a year earlier , this time at the central jail in Bannu , where 150 Taliban fighters stormed the facility and released nearly 400 prisoners -- Pakistan 's largest jailbreak . Both prison breaks happened in the stronghold of the Pakistani Taliban , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , which borders North and South Waziristan , and both were conducted with a high degree of sophistication . This week 's attack unfolded in multiple stages , beginning with cutting the prison 's electricity , detonating bombs that had been planted around the facility to breach its external wall , and ambushing the security forces that rushed to the scene . Once the militants overwhelmed the guards , they used loudspeakers to contact and locate specific prisoners , freeing them from their cells with hand grenades . At least 13 people died in the attack . Pakistani authorities launched a search operation for the missing prisoners , but few have been recaptured . The others have simply melted away into the mountains . Jihadist militants have been breaking people out of prison across the Middle East and South Asia for years , some with significant consequences for the United States and its allies . Militant group claims responsibility for Iraq prison attacks A 2006 prison break in the Yemeni capital , Sanaa , led to the creation of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , one of al Qaeda 's most virulent affiliates , the one that recruited the "  underwear bomber " who nearly brought down Northwest Airlines Flight 253 over Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 . During the 2006 prison break , 23 inmates escaped through a 460-foot tunnel into a nearby mosque . Two of the escapees went on to become the leader and deputy leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . In 2008 and again in 2011 , the Afghan Taliban led attacks on the Sarposa prison in Kandahar in southern Afghanistan that freed an astounding number of militants , around 1,700 . Like the prison attacks by the Taliban in Pakistan , the Kandahar plots showed sophisticated planning . In the aftermath of the 2011 breach , Afghan officials discovered an intricate network of tunnels under the jail , equipped with electrical and ventilation systems . But perhaps no group has made prison breaks an organizational focus more than al Qaeda in Iraq . On July 21 , 2012 , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , al Qaeda in Iraq 's leader , announced the "  Breaking the Walls " campaign , a yearlong effort to release his group 's prisoners . According to a count by the Institute for the Study of War , since al-Baghdadi 's announcement , al Qaeda in Iraq has conducted assaults on seven major prisons . Earlier this month , hundreds of prisoners , including senior members of al Qaeda , escaped from Iraq 's Abu Ghraib jail on the outskirts of Baghdad following a military-style assault on the prison . Al Qaeda 's Iraqi affiliate claimed responsibility for that attack . Elsewhere in the Middle East , a prison riot and an attack launched from outside Al-Kuifiya prison in Benghazi , Libya , freed more than 1,000 inmates Saturday . Although it does n't appear that groups such as the Taliban and al Qaeda are coordinating strategies in freeing their fellow militants , it is likely that they are inspiring each other with every successful , and well-publicized , prison break . The attacks are generally well-organized and often free significant numbers of inmates , refreshing the militant groups ' ranks , and each successful prison break is a propaganda coup . Insiders assist in varying degrees in these different prison breaks , but the militants are also exploiting the countries ' inadequate correctional systems . Many of these prison facilities where convicts have escaped en masse were meant to house criminals , not terrorists , and they often lack the fortification needed to fend off armed assaults . 1,200 inmates break out of Benghazi prison Security concerns regarding prison facilities are part of the reason that 86 Guantanamo Bay detainees who were cleared for transfer into the custody of their home countries three years ago still remain in jail at Guantanamo . Fifty-six of those men are from Yemen , which has a notoriously porous prison system . The recent prison breaks in Pakistan , Iraq and Libya are reminders that the United States needs to do more to strengthen high security prisons in countries such as Yemen if there is any hope that prisoners who are cleared for transfer -- but have been languishing at Guantanamo for many years -- are ever to return home .	A Taliban commander leads prison attack in Pakistan , freeing 250 inmates Peter Bergen : Jihadists have conducted jailbreaks in Middle East and South Asia for years Bergen : Huge numbers are freed to join militants ' ranks and score propaganda coups U.S. needs to help make prisons vulnerable to attacks much more secure , he says
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli and Lebanese forces traded fire Monday , with each blaming the other for the exchange . No one was hurt . Israel said its soldiers were fired upon while on routine patrol along Lebanon 's border . The soldiers then returned fire , the military said . Lebanon 's national news agency said a southern Lebanese army post came under fire from Israeli forces , prompting Lebanese soldiers to fire back . Fifteen Israeli soldiers advanced 50 meters inside Lebanese territories , security sources told the news agency . The National News Agency of Lebanon said the gunfire lasted 15 minutes and that Israel bolstered its presence in the area with 10 personnel carriers , three tanks and 100 soldiers . "  We will implement the Israeli sovereignty and ensure the safety of our citizens , " the Israeli military said in a message to the United Nations Interim Fore in Lebanon  UNIFIL  . UNIFIL troops are deployed along the Blue Line separating Lebanon and Israel to reduce tensions between the two sides . In an unrelated incident in the West Bank , five Israeli soldiers were lightly injured overnight when they were pelted with rocks during an arrest at the Kalandia refugee camp , a military spokesman said Monday . Israel said it received a report about injuries to two Palestinians during the incident and was investigating , while hospital officials in Ramallah said two men were killed and one injured . CNN 's Amir Ahmed and Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	No one is hurt Israel : Soldiers on routine patrol are fired upon Lebanon : An army post comes under fire Injuries , deaths reported in West Bank incident
CNN  -- New Zealand warmed up for their Tri-Nations decider against Australia with a 101-14 rout of Samoa in a one-off rugby union Test on Wednesday in New Plymouth , running in 15 tries . Conrad Smith touches down for one of his two tries in the All Blacks win . Fullback Mils Muliaina scored three tries in the first half , center Conrad Smith and winger Richard Kahui touched down twice and nine other players added their names to the New Zealand scoresheet as the All Blacks beat a weakened Samoan team by a record margin . New Zealand led 47-7 , seven tries to one , at halftime and added eight tries , including a penalty try , in the second spell to surpass their highest score against Samoa . The All Blacks had a 26-0 lead after 16 minutes and set their record score against Samoa -- surpassing the 71-13 in 1999 -- despite being held scoreless for periods of 18 minutes in the first half and 10 minutes in the second . It was the fifth time New Zealand had reached 100 points in a match , with the All Blacks ' record being the 145-17 win over Japan at the 1995 World Cup . Samoa was forced to pick a severely under-strength side because many of its leading and most-experienced players are involved with European club sides . Most of the players who took the field Wednesday were young and Samoa-based and playing against the All Blacks for the first time . Although outgunned by an All Blacks team which overwhelmingly controlled territory and possession , Samoa played with great spirit and scored a try in each half . Flyhalf Uale Mai scored and converted his own try after 28 minutes and flanker Alafoti Faosiliva touched down off a break by Uale Mai four minutes before fulltime . "  What can you say ? 100 points , " Samoa captain Filipo Levi said . "  It shows the All Blacks are on fire at the moment . They 've showed in the Tri-Nations competition that they 're a very consistent team . "  For some of our boys it was a big step up from playing club rugby in Samoa but , having said that , it was a big learning curve . " Flyhalf Daniel Carter converted six of the All Blacks ' first-half tries , surpassing 2,000 points in first-class rugby , and his replacement Stephen Donald scored his first Test try and converted seven of New Zealand 's eight second-half tries . The match was scheduled to help the All Blacks bridge the three-week gap between their most recent Tri-Nations clash with South Africa and their next , against Australia , at Brisbane on September 13 . The Brisbane match will decide the outcome of the Tri-Nations tournament . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	New Zealand rout Samao 101-14 in rugby union Test in New Plymouth All Blacks run in 15 tries as they warm up for Tri-Nations decider against Australia Flyhalf Dan Carter passes 2,000 first class points during match
New York  CNN  -- Three people who contracted cholera at a wedding in the Dominican Republic before returning to New York have recovered , and the risk of their infecting anyone else is low , officials said Sunday . None of the three adults had to be hospitalized , said Erin Hughes , spokeswoman for New York City 's health department . Person-to-person transmission of the disease is highly unlikely , Hughes told CNN in an e-mail . "  Cholera is spread by drinking water or eating food contaminated with the cholera bacteria . This happens in places with inadequate water treatment and poor sanitation . New York City 's water is clean and safe . " On average , one case a year of cholera is reported in New York , she said , and it is "  almost always in someone who has traveled abroad . " The Centers for Disease Control will test samples to confirm the illness and determine from which strain the people were sickened , said CDC spokeswoman Candice Burns Hoffman . Cholera is a "  nationally notifiable " disease , she said , and samples from all suspected U.S. cases are sent to the CDC for lab testing and confirmation . The Dominican Republic is investigating the outbreak at the wedding , Hoffman said . "  It 's not uncommon for cholera outbreaks , like the one that has moved rapidly through Haiti , to spread to other countries , " Hoffman said . "  We have seen a few cases in travelers returning to the U.S. . The risk for secondary infection in the U.S. is low . "	The 3 adults were guests at a wedding in the Dominican Republic They did not have to be hospitalized , according to New York 's Health Department The risk of secondary infection is low , officials say
Washington  CNN  -- Attention , all drug runners . Your days of using caltrops to avoid apprehension are over -- at least in Texas . Caltrops -- more commonly known as road spikes -- are small spiky objects like those used in the game of jacks . When tossed on roadways , they always point up and have a devastating impact on tires . Drug runners have increasingly used the devices when fleeing from law enforcement officers , officials say . Beginning Thursday , caltrops are illegal in the Lone Star State . State Rep. Aaron Pena crafted the caltrop ban at the behest of the U.S. Border Patrol , whose tires have borne the caltrops ' trademark slashes . "  There 's a portion of my district which goes right up to the border , the  Rio Grande  river , " Pena said . "  And caltrops are used there probably more than any other location in the United States . " Almost all reported cases of caltrop use can be found in a 20-mile stretch of the border west of McAllen , Texas , authorities said . "  The first time we were exposed to this was 2008 when we had one incident , " said Rosendo Hinojosa , chief of the Border Patrol 's Rio Grande Valley Sector . In 2009 , there were 12 incidents , with 13 last year . The homemade caltrops found in Pena 's district probably are made in Mexico . Typically , they are little nails that are welded together . They are cheap , easy to deploy and , Pena says , very effective . "  If you run over a caltrop , your tires will deflate , " he said . Caltrops also are indiscriminate . Those that do not puncture the tires of pursuing police cars sometimes puncture the tires of citizens ' cars . No one spoke in opposition to the ban at a hearing , Pena said . Hinojosa said while caltrops are effective , the Border Patrol has a countermeasure . "  They ca n't spike our helicopters , " he said . But caltrops are hardly a new idea . There are numerous references throughout history to caltrops being used to puncture the feet of enemy soldiers or the hooves of their horses . The notorious bank robber John Dillinger , employing a similar tactic , is alleged to have tossed nails behind his car to defeat pursuing police officers following a heist . The Dillinger gang "  actually did it several times . It became part of their robbery technique , " said Tony Stewart , author of "  Dillinger : The Hidden Truth - Re-loaded . " The new Texas law prohibits the possession , manufacture , transportation , repair or sale of caltrops . But it exempts tire puncture strips that are designed to puncture tires when driven in a specific direction , such as those at car rental facilities , and caltrops used as curios , such as those in museums , or on display in Pena 's office . Will the ban stop drug runners from using caltrops ? "  No , " Pena conceded . "  No , it wo n't . But it is a small measure that taken with other small measures will add up to an effective response . "	U.S. Border Patrol requested the new law Simple devices known to be highly effective Legislator who introduced measure admits it wo n't stop drug runners
RollingStone.com  -- The family of founding AC/DC guitarist Malcolm Young has confirmed the illness that forced the 61-year-old to quit the band . "  Malcolm is suffering from dementia and the family thanks you for respecting their privacy , " they said in a statement , according to People . RS : The 10 Best Metal Albums of the 1980s The group had previously announced in April that Young would be taking a break from the band and that it would be recording a new record without him . When AC/DC announced that it would be putting out the record , "  Rock or Bust , " this fall , they confirmed that Young would not be returning to the band , "  due to the nature of Malcolm 's condition . " They did not go into the specifics of the illness . Young 's nephew , Stevie Young , played rhythm guitar in Malcolm 's stead on "  Rock or Bust . " He will also be filling in for the elder Young on the group 's upcoming world tour in 2015 . RS : AC/DC release entire catalog on iTunes "  We miss Malcolm , obviously , " AC/DC frontman Brian Johnson told Classic Rock in July at a time when the band was optimistic about the guitarist 's return . "  He 's a fighter . He 's in  the  hospital , but he 's a fighter . We 've got our fingers crossed that he 'll get strong again . ... Stevie , Malcolm 's nephew , was magnificent , but when you 're recording with this thing hanging over you and your work mate is n't well , it 's difficult . But I 'm sure  Malcolm  was rooting for us . " RS : Hear Malcolm and Angus Young 's very early single "  Rock or Bust " will feature 11 new AC/DC songs when it comes out on December 2 . In September , the band began teasing the song "  Play Ball " in ads for Major League Baseball 's Postseason campaign on Turner Sports .  Turner Sports is a division of Time Warner , as is CNN . See the original story on RollingStone.com Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Malcolm Young will not be returning to AC/DC Founding band member is not on forthcoming album , "  Rock or Bust " "  The family thanks you for respecting their privacy , " clan said in statement
Rome  CNN  -- An Italian court says it convicted Amanda Knox and her former boyfriend of murdering her onetime roommate in part because of evidence showing that more than one person killed the British student . The Florence appeals court released its explanation Tuesday , less than three months after it convicted Knox and Raffaele Sollecito in Meredith Kercher 's 2007 death in a retrial . In the more than 300-page document , the court said that a third person convicted in the murder , Rudy Guede , did not act alone , and cited the nature of the victim 's wounds . Ruling Judge Alessandro Nencini , who presided over the second appeal in the case , said Kercher , 21 , and Knox disagreed over the payment of the rent in the house they shared in Perugia and that "  there was an argument , then an elevation and progression of aggression . " The Florence court in January said that Knox , who also was convicted of slander , was sentenced in absentia to 28Â 1/2 years in prison . Sollecito 's sentence was 25 years . They were first convicted of murder in 2009 , but the verdicts were overturned on appeal in 2011 . Through her attorney , Knox released a statement proclaiming her innocence . "  I have stated from the beginning of this long ordeal that I am innocent of the accusations against me . I was found innocent by the only court in Italy that retained independent forensic experts to review my case . "  I want to state again today what I have said throughout this process : I am innocent of the accusation against me , and the recent Motivation document does not -- and can not -- change the fact of my innocence , " she said . Now that the explanation of the verdict has been released , defense lawyers have 90 days to appeal to Italy 's high court . In the document , Nencini focuses on the perceived errors of the appellate court that set Knox and Sollecito free , accusing it of the "  absence of logic rigor " when evaluating evidence . He wrote that some evidence , including a prison diary Knox wrote in the early days of her incarceration , was used to support her innocence when it was "  convenient , but at the same time devalued when she incriminated herself . " The judge also reasoned that Knox 's false accusation of her former boss , Patrick Lumumba , whom she accused of the killing the night she was arrested , proved her guilt . Lumumba spent nearly two weeks in prison without Knox correcting her false accusation . He was released when Guede was arrested after his fingerprints were found in at the murder scene . Nencini wrote that the accusation against Lumumba was "  indispensable in understanding the crime " and that the accusation "  can not be separated from the murder . " Nencini also considered credible forensic testimony that the first appellate court dismissed , including traces of mixed blood and DNA belonging to both Knox and Kercher that were identified in the bathroom that the women shared . "  Guede , Knox and Sollecito left traces of their movements in the blood of the victim that was flowing profusely from her wounds , " the judge wrote . Nencini excluded the idea that Guede climbed into the apartment through a window after breaking it with a rock as the Knox and Sollecito defense teams presented in earlier trials . He also excluded the idea put forth by Guede 's defense that Kercher let him in for a prearranged meeting . Instead , he wrote : "  The court accepts the position that only Amanda Knox was in possession of the other key to the apartment " and that she let him in . Nencini dismissed all theories related to a sex game gone wrong . Prosecutors had argued Kercher was stabbed to death after she rejected attempts by Knox , Sollecito and Guede to involve her in a sex game . Instead , Nencini wrote that the suspects did not need to "  share a motive . " He said a knife with Knox 's DNA on the handle found in Sollecito 's apartment was the weapon that killed Kercher and that Knox left her DNA on the handle when she "  plunged the knife into the left side of Kercher 's neck , causing the fatal wound . " In the initial trial , a tiny spot of DNA identified on the blade of that knife was attributed to Kercher , but the sample was too small to double test . Nencini nonetheless considered it the primary weapon . He reasoned that Sollecito used another knife and took it with him when he left . "  The English girl was attacked by Amanda Marie Knox , by Raffaele Sollecito , who was backing up his girlfriend , and by Rudy Hermann Guede , " Nencini wrote . Guede is the only person in jail for the slaying , and many aspects of the crime remain unexplained . Knox and Sollecito have maintained their innocence , and their 2009 convictions led to questions about the effectiveness of Italy 's justice system . The trial revealed widespread doubts over the handling of the investigation and key pieces of evidence . But in March 2013 , Italy 's Supreme Court overturned their acquittals and ordered a retrial . That proceeding resulted in the convictions being reinstated . Knox 's conviction has raised questions about her possible extradition to Italy to serve her sentence ; she was in the United States and did not attend the retrial . CNN 's Hada Messia , Jason Hanna and Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report	NEW : "  I am innocent , " says Amanda Knox She was first convicted of murder in 2009 Knox 's former boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , was also convicted An appeals court overturned the convictions in 2011
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Five people were killed in clashes between rival forces in the Yemeni capital Sanaa as nationwide protests against the government continued Wednesday . Of the dead in Sanaa , two were loyal to Gen. Ali Muhsen Al-Ahmar , who has defected to the opposition , a government security official said . The other three were regime soldiers . Government forces were sending in armored vehicles as reinforcements to the demonstrations in Sanaa , the official said . Thousands of Yemenis took to the streets in Aden , Taiz , Hodeida and Dhamar . In addition to the dead in Sanaa , two people were killed in Aden , according to medical staff at the city 's Naqeeb Hospital . Meanwhile , Yemen 's attorney general threatened to resign unless the government went after the killers of anti-government protesters last month . Abdullah Al-Olufi said "  those who were responsible for killing almost 60 protesters and injuring hundreds of others should be identified and brought to justice soon . " "  If the security authorities do n't identify those responsible for the massacre including those who were masked , I will step down , " Al-Olufi said as public and external pressure mounts on President Ali Abdullah Saleh to step down . Protests erupted in Yemen this week despite an attempt by Persian Gulf nations to decrease tensions . The Gulf Cooperation Council has urged Saleh to transfer powers to his vice president , a move that falls short with the protesters who returned to the streets for marches . Opposition leaders vowed not to back down . The Joint Meeting Parties bloc , Yemen 's largest opposition group , said the Gulf initiative "  does not clearly state that Saleh must step down and only focuses on Saleh 's transferring power . " "  We all know the VP is not strong and will never be able to tell Saleh no , even if all his powers are transferred , " said senior bloc official Hasan Zaid . Saleh , in power since 1978 , said he welcomes the council 's efforts to help resolve the political crisis in his country . He has said he intends to step down but only under a peaceful and constitutional transition process . He has already promised not to run in the next round of elections . The United States , which has been allied with the Saleh government in its fight against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , has welcomed past Gulf council initiatives to resolve the crisis in Yemen . Journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	In all , seven deaths are reported in clashes that erupted nationwide A defected general leads forces clashing with the regime Yemen 's attorney general theratens to resign unless previous deaths are probed
CNN Student News  -- January 18 , 2008 Quick Guide Focus on : The Economy - Hear about the "  r " word , and see how a possible recession could be fought . No Girls Allowed - Learn why a Florida family is balking at a statewide baseball rule . A Song for Spain - Consider what it would be like to have a national anthem without lyrics . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Fridays are awesome ! Thanks for spending part of yours with CNN Student News ! From the CNN Center , I 'm your host , Carl Azuz . First Up : Focus on : The Economy AZUZ : First up today : Technically , recession is n't a four-letter word . But it is one that Americans do n't like to use , because it describes a downturn in the economy over time . Why might this happen ? Well , many Americans ' home mortgages are going up . And they 're not able to pay . More people are out of work , consumers -- like you and me -- are spending less money overall . And we do n't even need to mention gas prices . Now these factors add up to an economic forecast that 's not so good ; Your family may be feeling the pinch . And all this is lighting a fire under government officials to fight a possible recession . Brianna Keilar considers the options Congress has , to try to prevent America from slipping into the red . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP BRIANNA KEILAR , CNN REPORTER : With fears of a recession growing , Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke was on Capitol Hill Thursday , urging Congress to act quickly on an economic stimulus package . BEN BERNANKE , FEDERAL RESERVE CHAIRMAN : Stimulus that comes too late will not help support economic activity in the near term and it could be actively destabilizing if it comes at a time when growth is already improving . KEILAR : The president had a conference call with Senate and House leaders from both parties , the White House characterizing it as a consultation rather than a negotiation . All sides are indicating partisan bickering will take a backseat to finding a quick solution . Today marks the first time the White House has said President Bush is backing a stimulus plan , but spokesman Tony Fratto shied away from discussing specifics . TONY FRATTO , WHITE HOUSE DEPUTY PRESS SECY. : The headwinds that we 're dealing with right now are things that we see over the next coming quarters . So we do want to try to pass something quickly . KEILAR : House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and House Minority Leader John Boehner met for the second day in a row . Both sides are stressing a bipartisan effort , but proposals are still vague . One option Democrats and Republicans seem to agree on : tax rebates : checks sent to taxpayers in an attempt to quickly pump money into the economy . Democrats say they 'll scuttle any Republican attempts to extend the president 's tax cuts as part of the stimulus package . Privately , congressional Republicans acknowledge it 's a fight they ca n't win . What 's more , Bernanke told Congress Thursday , making the tax cuts permanent wo n't help in the short term . BERNANKE : I think that the evidence suggests that measures that involve putting money in the hands of households and firms that will spend it in the near term will be more effective . KEILAR : Speaker Pelosi is hoping to have a final agreement before the State of the Union on January 28th . Brianna Keilar , CNN , the White House . END VIDEO CLIP No Girls Allowed AZUZ : The next question today is , are girls as good as boys at sports ? And if they are , should they be allowed to play at the organized , school level ? Swing by Jacksonville , Florida , and you 'll find that very controversy rounding the bases . But it 's not over a school rule -- It 's a state one . Laura Mazzeo of affiliate WJXT steps up to the plate . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ALYSSA PITRE , WANTS TO PLAY BASEBALL : I can play as well as a boy . LAURA MAZZEO , WJXT REPORTER : Twelve-year-old Alyssa Pitre is passionate about baseball PITRE : I just love the sport . MAZZEO : She lives by the motto , "  practice makes perfect . " PITRE : I 'm gon na try harder . MAZZEO : She spends hours here in the batting cage and working with coaches on her curveball . But this week , Alyssa went to try out for the middle school baseball team at the Providence School and was told she could n't play . PITRE : I 'm a girl . So what ? You 're not supposed to discriminate against females if they want to try to do something new , and try to make history at their own school . MAZZEO : The school 's headmaster says they have no problem with her playing with the boys , but that she is n't allowed by the Florida High School Athletic Association . DON BARFIELD , HEADMASTER OF PROVIDENCE SCHOOL : Since we have a softball team , the state has indicated to us that she would not be permitted to play baseball . MAZZEO : The most obvious difference between softball and baseball -- it 's the ball . The softball and the baseball . But Alyssa says there 's much more to it than that . PITRE : The pitching is different . The ball is different . In softball they have longer bats -- different gear . MAZZEO : Alyssa is n't alone in her baseball dreams . her parents are considering taking legal action in hopes of changing the rules . ALYSSA 'S MOTHER : If she wants to pursue baseball , then we 'll pursue baseball . I just want to give her a chance . You know , give her a chance to try out , to see if she 's good enough to make any team . MAZZEO : Alyssa is a humble , yet confident 7th grader . PITRE : I was going to give them something to show , instead of wearing pretty jewelry and short skirts . MAZZEO : She believes she is good enough to play with the boys . PITRE : There 's really no difference - girls an play just as good as boys . END VIDEO CLIP Promo AZUZ : Standing up for what she believes in ; got ta give her props for that . Another famous American who stood up to create change : Doctor Martin Luther King Junior . CNN Classroom Edition will air ` The MLK Papers - Words that Changed a Nation . ' It 's on at 4 am Monday morning . Be sure to set your DVR 's now . For special curriculum on the program , check out CNNStudentNews.com . Shoutout MONICA LLOYD , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Simmons ' geography classes at Dixon-Smith Middle School in Fredericksburg , Virginia ! Who wrote the lyrics to "  The Star-Spangled Banner " ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Was it : A  Betsy Ross , B  Thomas Jefferson , C  Susan B. Anthony or D  Francis Scott Key ? You 've got three seconds , GO ! Francis Scott Key wrote the words to the U.S. national anthem , the Star-Spangled Banner , after witnessing a battle during the War of 1812 . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Song for Spain AZUZ : For many of us , it 's hard to say , "  Oh Say Can You See " without singing it -- the words and music are sort-of glued together . In Spain , there 's just a tune to hum . And though one Spaniard recently got really close to putting official words to it . Al Goodman explains why many people there , did n't like the way they sounded . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP AL GOODMAN , CNN REPORTER : The English proudly sing their national anthem , the Americans croon to theirs . And then , there 's Spain . Hold it . The Spanish anthem does n't have any words . This man won a nationwide contest with his lyrics for the anthem . But then suddenly the Spanish Olympic Committee , which sponsored the contest , withdrew the winning entry . ALEJANDRO BLANCO , SPANISH OLYMPIC COMMITTEE : Once Spaniards heard these lyrics , they sparked a lot of controversy , even rejection . GOODMAN : Viva Espana , or Long Live Spain , is how the now-discarded lyrics began . The phrase struck a sour note . Critics say it harkened back to the long right-winged dictatorship of Francisco Franco . MARGARITA SAENZ-DIEZ , JOURNALIST : You have to understand that many Spaniards do not consider the national anthem as their own . It was played a lot under Franco . GOODMAN : Spain is now a democracy , but many still bristle at the military march that 's served for more than two centuries as the national anthem . Spain is made up of many different peoples , and five languages are spoken across the country . So , naturally , getting agreement on one set of lyrics is no easy task . One of those languages , ancient Basque , is among those taught in Madrid : Basques have their own national anthem and lyrics . At the Basque Cultural Center we found a Spaniard who liked the proposed lyrics for the Spanish national anthem . They 're good , he says , and very neutral about Spain . Many others say the proposed lyrics lacked polish and shine . ANTONIO VILLALON , RETIRED CIVIL SERVANT  TRANSLATED  : The French and American anthems speak about an enemy to defeat ; our lyrics mentioned fields , wheat and friends . It 's just stupid . MANUEL RINCON , TAXI DRIVER  TRANSLATED  : The anthem should give us goose bumps . Spain 's long history and diverse culture should show , in the lyrics . GOODMAN : The Spanish Olympic Committee says the search will go on , but in Beijing , Spanish athletes will likely have to just hum along to a wordless anthem , as they 've done for years . It 's a tune almost every Spaniard knows . Al Goodman , CNN , Madrid . END VIDEO CLIP Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , smaller cell phones : Cool . Smaller MP3 players : Cool . Smaller bridges ? You 're not gon na get too much traffic across this Golden Gate bridge . It 's pictured next to a toothpick because it 's made from one ! Check that out -- you can even see the lines on the hand holding it ! This thing was carved , with a great deal more precision than I 've got , from a single toothpick and glue . The footage sent in to us by I-Report . The guy who did this says he 's been a toothpick artist for 36 years ! Goodbye AZUZ : And as you could see , he really knows how to ` pick ' his subjects . That 's just painful ! And that 's where we conclude our week 's last broadcast . We 'll return on Tuesday , next week . Enjoy your three-day weekend , everyone ! I 'm Carl Azuz . E-mail to a friend	Hear about the "  r " word , and see how a possible recession could be fought Learn why a Florida family is balking at a statewide baseball rule Consider what it would be like to have a national anthem without lyrics
CNN  -- We 've had octopuses , camels and turtles providing World Cup predictions , but now a computer software program has got in on the act of forecasting football matches . And , according to Microsoft , their recently released software program Cortana had a 100 % success rate in predicting the winners in Brazil 2014 's round of 16 games . Like Apple 's Siri , MIcrosoft 's virtual assistant Cortana -- named after the AI character in its Halo video games and voiced by the same actress -- is using a number of indicators to predict the winners of World Cup matches . "  For the tournament our models evaluate the strength of each team through a variety of factors such as previous win/loss/tie record in qualification matches and other international competitions and margin of victory in these contests " said Microsoft 's Bing blog . One of the Cortana software developers Mouni Reddy tweeted : "  If she gets the United States-Belgium game right we are officially living in the matrix . " And so it proved with Belgium beating Team USA 2-1 after extra time . So if you do n't want to know which teams will reach the World Cup semifinals look away now . If you 're still reading , Cortana predicts Germany will beat France , hosts Brazil will triumph over Colombia , Argentina getting the better of Belgium and the Netherlands knocking out Costa Rica . In pictures : Joy and pain for U.S. fans	Software program says it has successfully predicted outcome of round of 16 World Cup games Program named after the AI character in Microsoft 's Halo video games But who will reach World Cup semifinals ?
Germany refused to share the debt burden of stressed eurozone peers on Tuesday , ignoring two of the most influential international economic bodies which offered support for proposals championed by Paris , Rome and Brussels ahead of a summit . Angela Merkel , Germany 's chancellor , has argued that any co-mingling of eurozone debt would remove incentives for southern economies to adopt structural reforms . The calls from the International Monetary Fund and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development came on the eve of Wednesday 's EU summit . François Hollande , France 's new president , has strongly backed common eurozone bonds -- which would ease funding constraints for the eurozone 's stressed periphery but potentially raise German borrowing costs by diluting its creditworthiness across the currency union . German officials made clear the idea was a non-starter in Berlin . "  There is no way of introducing them under the current -LSB- EU -RSB- treaties . Indeed , there is an explicit ban on them , " one senior German official said , adding Berlin would not drop its opposition in the foreseeable future . "  That 's a firm conviction which will not change in June . " Increased jitters over how Europe 's banking system would be affected by an exit of Greece from the eurozone have lent urgency to the latest discussions over measures to tackle the sovereign debt crisis . OECD : Euro crisis could derail recovery Mr Hollande has vowed to raise eurozone bonds at the informal summit . He won backing from the OECD , which in its twice-yearly economic outlook specifically called for such bonds , saying they were needed to break a vicious circle "  involving high and rising sovereign indebtedness , weak banking systems , excessive fiscal consolidation and lower growth . " "  We need to get on the path towards the issuance of euro bonds sooner rather than later , " Pier Carlo Padoan , the OECD chief economist , told the Financial Times . Christine Lagarde , the IMF chief , also called for more burden-sharing . Though she stopped short of explicitly backing euro bonds , she said "  more needs to be done , particularly by way of fiscal liability sharing " -- a thinly veiled reference to such debt instruments . Diplomats said the summit , which just last week looked like it would be a highly scripted affair on European growth , had become increasingly unpredictable , with leaders struggling with how to respond to the havoc wreaked by political instability in Greece . Officials emphasised that no formal decisions would be taken . The euro bonds debate could produce fireworks between Mr Hollande and Ms Merkel -- a possibility that has captivated officials involved , given the comparatively harmonious Franco-German relationship in the latter years of Nicolas Sarkozy 's tenure . But most diplomats believe Ms Merkel would succeed in blocking any proposal , producing more smoke than fire . "  They say that when Germany and France do n't co-operate , we have a problem , " one senior diplomat from a smaller EU country said . "  And when they do , we have a problem , too . " Of more urgent concern are ongoing discussions over eurozone banks , with officials saying the fear of a Greek eurozone exit has forced leaders to contemplate massive rescues , particularly in Spain . Rising estimates of bad loans have forced Madrid to part-nationalise one bank and face the increasing likelihood it will need to inject more government money into others . Senior EU officials question whether Madrid , which has faced rising bond market borrowing costs , has the financial wherewithal on its own , spurring a furious series of negotiations over whether the eurozone needs to move quickly towards a common bailout and deposit guarantee scheme . Although officials said such reforms have pushed themselves onto tonight 's agenda , it remains unlikely any can be agreed quickly , making the European Central Bank the last line of defence if Greece forces more immediate action .	Germany refused to share the debt burden of stressed eurozone peers Ignores pleas by the OECD and the International Monetary Fund for eurozone bonds
CNN  -- It feels as if I 've been living a double life all of these years , and I do not want to deceive you , or myself , any longer . The burden has become too heavy , the struggle to deny my true self , too great . In order to be free I have tell you something . I am black . I know ; I should have told you sooner . But I was afraid . After all , I 've already shared with you that I am gay and well , we all know a person ca n't be both . At least that 's how it feels the conversation is usually framed : There 's a black community and a gay community , and the two conflict and do not mix . Since President Obama voiced support for marriage equality and now the board of the NAACP has followed suit , the narrative is that the black community is trying to make room at the table for gay people . Allow me to correct this storyline : No one is making room for gay people , gay people have always been at the table , at the forefront . What Obama , Jay-Z , Julian Bond , Floyd Mayweather Jr. and others have done over the past week is simply acknowledge life is not an "  either/or " proposition but rather an emphatic "  and . " Boxes are for shoes , not people . So while compartmentalizing folks makes it easier to herd people into target groups and voting blocs , it 's a gross misrepresentation of the reality of humanity . I am gay . And I am black . And despite the efforts of black religious conservatives to ignore that intersection , the truth is that intersection is a major part of black culture . It 's in our literature  James Baldwin  , our films  Lee Daniels  , in politics , baseball fields  Glenn Burke  , the Black Panthers  Angela Davis  and the civil rights movement  Bayard Rustin  . That intersection exists in our hair salons , barbershops and , yes , even our churches . Before becoming a journalist , I worked in youth ministry in two churches in my early 20s . I lived with one of my pastors and his family and would study the Bible for hours on end under his tutelage . I fasted and tithed . I poured my heart out to the kids in the congregation . On occasion I even would fall asleep on the steps of the altar worshipping my God . I am black . I am gay . And yes , I am a Christian . I also know I was not the only gay , black man in ministry desperately trying to pray the gay away . In fact , I know one prominent choir director who finally had the courage to come out not too long ago . This is the messy and beautiful reality of humanity . The National Organization for Marriage , a fringe anti-gay think tank , actually had outlined a plan to try to race bait the black community into fighting with ... itself . "  N.O.M. 's memos detailed its campaign to direct money to a handful of African-American clergy in order to attack gay and lesbian couples that have made a lifelong promise to one another , " said Sharon Lettman-Hicks , the executive director of the National Black Justice Coalition . "  The organization admitted their key goal is to drive a wedge between gays and blacks . " But I am black , and I am gay . A wedge can not be driven between parts of my being . I was talking with NFL Hall of Famer Michael Irvin this past weekend , and he told me something that made a lot of sense . He said , in the fight for equality , you must be willing to run a race in which you may not be around to see the finish line . Not necessarily a pick-me-up , but filled with truth nonetheless . We are just beginning to have this conversation about sexual orientation and gender identity within the black community , but it is long overdue . A study conducted by the National Center for Children in Poverty found that African-American and Native American young people "  are overrepresented " in the population of runaways . The study also found that between 20 % and 40 % of all homeless youth identify themselves as lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender or questioning . Many say they were kicked out of their homes or ran away because of violence . Even on the streets these children are much more likely than others to be abused . How can the black community heal if it turns a blind eye to its own children ? It does n't make any sense . Blacks trying to separate the gay community from blacks ? Well , that makes even less sense . After all , a house divided against itself can not stand , and gay people are , and always will be , living in this house . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Black , gay communities treated as if they are totally separate But LZ says he identifies as black and gay and both aspects are integrated LZ : Gays and lesbians have always played a prominent role in the black community He says black community must resist attempts to turn it against its gay members
Michael Turner , a star running back for the Atlanta Falcons , has been charged with driving under the influence of alcohol after being clocked at 97 mph on an Atlanta-area interstate , police said Tuesday . Turner , 30 , nicknamed "  The Burner " because of his speed on the football field , was driving a black Audi R8 in a 65-mph zone on northbound Interstate 85 around 4 a.m. Tuesday , the Gwinnett County Sheriff 's Department said . An officer pulled him over , and after smelling alcohol and investigating further , he charged Turner with DUI and speeding , the Sheriff 's Department said . Turner was released from the Gwinnett County Jail around 7 a.m. after posting a $ 2,179 bond , according to the Sheriff 's Department . In a statement , the Falcons said , "  We are aware of the situation involving Michael and are in the process of gathering more information . Because this is now a legal matter , the club will have no further comment at this time . " Turner 's touchdown several hours earlier had helped the Falcons defeat the Denver Broncos 27-21 on the nationally televised Monday Night Football game played in Atlanta 's Georgia Dome . Since Turner joined the Falcons in 2008 , he has been one of the most prolific runners in the National Football League . He has led the National Football Conference in rushing yards the past two seasons .	Michael Turner is charged with DUI , speeding on Interstate 85 near Atlanta He was arrested around 4 a.m. Tuesday after a Monday Night Football win over Denver Officers say Turner was driving at 97 mph
CNN  -- A search of an apartment leased by former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez recovered ammunition from the same caliber gun used to kill his friend Odin Lloyd , court documents reveal . Massachusetts State Police searched the apartment in Franklin on June 26 . Authorities found new evidence , including .45 - caliber ammunition and a white hooded sweatshirt , search warrants obtained by CNN reveal . The bullet that killed Lloyd was from a .45 - caliber gun , and the white sweatshirt matches one Hernandez was seen wearing on surveillance video on June 17 , the night Lloyd died . Who is Odin Lloyd ? Hernandez has been charged with premeditated murder . He has pleaded not guilty . Several other items were also found in the apartment , including a baseball cap similar to one Hernandez was reportedly seen wearing outside of a club the Friday before Lloyd was slain . A valet ticket from the nearby W Boston hotel and several shirts with the number 81 , Hernandez 's jersey number , were also found . Police found out about the apartment from the suspect 's acquaintance , Carlos Ortiz . He said , "  Hernandez has a second place that not many people know about , " search warrants show . He also told police that he and Hernandez stopped at the apartment the night after Lloyd 's death , according to warrants . Police then obtained a copy of the apartment lease , which was signed by Hernandez on May 1 , search warrants show . The search warrants obtained by CNN are for Hernandez 's apartment . The warrants for his home have not been released . Authorities have said Hernandez and two other men picked Lloyd up from his Boston apartment early on June 17 . Surveillance cameras captured the car at an industrial park near Hernandez 's North Attleborough home . Lloyd 's body was found in the industrial park later that day , authorities have said . As Hernandez begins his second week at the Dartmouth House of Corrections , Bristol County Sheriff Tom Hodgson said Hernandez is adjusting to a lifestyle change that has taken him from deluxe accommodations and the adulation of fans to the solitude of a 7-by-10-foot jail cell . Hernandez was "  reclassified " this week , Hodgson said , meaning the pro football player was granted additional benefits , including three hours per day outside of his cell for making phone calls , walking around in a prison common area and an hour outdoors . Patriots offer trade-in for Hernandez jerseys The former tight end will also be able to have an account at the prison 's commissary , where Hodgson says he can order soup , cookies and toiletries . Hernandez can also see visitors one day per week for a total of one hour . No one has visited him yet , Hodgson said . Hernandez , however , will still have no access to television , Internet or even a weight room . He will also be unable to marry his fiancee while in jail . "  That 's for the other side of the wall , " Hodgson said . His next court appearance is scheduled for July 24 . CNN 's Lawrence Crook and Kevin Conlon contributed to this report	Police search an apartment leased by Aaron Hernandez Acquaintance Carlos Ortiz told police about the place , search warrant says Ammunition and a white sweatshirt are among the items taken from the apartment Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to premeditated murder in Lloyd 's June 17 killing
CNN  -- In the last decade of the 20th century , the Turkish lira fell in value 1,000 times against the U.S. dollar , meaning that tourists returning to that country after several years found that any old money they still possessed since their last visit had become almost worthless . Now as fears grow about whether Greece will stay in the euro , and the possible domino effect this could cause , many prospective holidaymakers appear to be having second thoughts about visiting that country and other economically troubled members of the 17-nation eurozone , such as Spain or Portugal . And while tourists may be bulking up their cash reserves in the case of a euro exit , others may be concerned about safety if violent street protests resume against austerity cuts . What is the financial situation now ? Political deadlock is leading to fears that Greece will not have a government in place when it needs to make critical debt payments , which could in turn jeopardize its place in the eurozone . On Monday , Greeks withdrew up to $ 800 million from Greek banks , and the threat of a banking panic heightened concern of a default . Fears of contagion spilled over into bond markets in Spain and Italy . The idea that has investors around the globe worried is the so-called "  Grexit " -- or Greek exit from the eurozone -- a tricky scenario that is now looking like a real possibility . English bookmakers Ladbrokes stopped taking bets after gamblers lined up to put money on it last week . Other betting companies are giving odds on Greece leaving the euro as low as 1/10 , while the odds on Spain leaving are about 6/1 . What effect is uncertainty having on tourism within the eurozone ? Many in the travel industry admit bookings to Greece are lower than in previous years , with other countries benefiting . Hotel reservations on popular holiday destinations such as Corfu and Crete are down by up to 50 % compared to the same period before last month 's indecisive election , according to the Hellenic Hotel Federation . Sean Tipton of the Association of British Travel Agents blames some inaccurate coverage of concerns about Greece 's financial problems as a factor . "  This is having a positive effect on Spanish travel , for example , with bookings higher than normal , " he told CNN . "  Travelers are advised to take spending money in cash , as in the event of Greece leaving the euro there may be questions about whether you could still pay by credit or debit cards . " Despite tourism contributing about $ 10,5 billion , or about 16 % of Greece 's gross domestic product , officials brushed off concerns . "  There was also a financial crisis in Greece last year as well and we had a record year with a 10 % increase in the number of visitors , " said Konstantinos Zikos , president of the Greek National Tourism Organization . "  Because of the crisis , early booking are down around Europe at the moment . However , Greece is a beautiful and safe country so we are optimistic that tourism wo n't be strongly affected . " In the longer term , if Greece does leave the euro , it could mean it becomes a much cheaper country to visit , as Britain 's biggest travel company Thomas Cook pointed out . "  We believe there are positives and negatives for the travel industry in the event that Greece were to leave the euro , " the firm said . Should tourists be worried about buying euros for foreign travel ? On the face of it , tourists have n't had it so good for a long time : The euro is at a three-year low against the British pound and is as weak against the U.S. dollar as it has been since 2010 . This should mean the cost of hotels and restaurants is lower than it has been for a few years . Travel experts say that whatever happens with Greece and the euro this summer , tourists visiting economically troubled European countries , such as Greece , Italy , Spain and Portugal -- all major tourist destinations -- are unlikely to lose out . If Greek does leave the euro this could lead to contagion , and other countries joining them , but few analysts believe the whole euro project is likely to collapse in the next year or so . In other words , it 's safe to buy euros , but keep an eye on the exchange rate , which is continuing to strengthen in favor of world currencies . How can travelers ensure they do n't lose out ? Travel writer Simon Calder said he planned to visit Greece this summer , and was taking two precautions . "  The first was to add an extra $ 100 to my estimated spending , " Calder wrote on his blog . "  Normally I rely on plastic for emergencies , but were Greece to leave the euro , electronic banking could freeze for up to a week and prevent debit and credit card transactions . "  Next , I insisted on $ 5 , $ 10 and $ 20 notes . If Greece leaves the euro , the most likely interim currency is the existing euro overprinted with a Greek delta symbol  for "  drachma "  , or possibly with a corner clipped . "  The value of the Greek euro would fall by perhaps 40 per cent . While traders sort themselves out , and before a market in the Greek currency begins , tourists are likely to pay in euros but be given change in new money . Pay for a $ 15 round of drinks with a $ 50 note , and you could get back change in Greek currency worth only $ 20 . That is why low-denomination notes are so useful . " Do street protests against austerity cuts mean Greece or another country is unsafe ? No . There have been occasional protests in big cities , such as Athens and Thessaloniki , but most say Greece remains safe . Posts on online forums were scathing about what they said was the media blowing the unrest out of proportion , although there are some warnings that strikes could disrupt travel into and around the country . ABTA 's Sean Tipton said "  There 's an element of concern about personal safety with sporadic unrest in Athens , but most places where tourists visit are safe . "  In reality this is one of the best times to visit Greece , as prices should come down , thanks to supply and demand . " UK travel firm Thomas Cook said it was "  closely monitoring the evolving situation in Athens . Most of our holidaymakers are on the country 's islands where you 'd never know anything was going on . "	Some holidaymakers appear to be having second thoughts about visiting Greece Others concerned about safety if violent street protests resume against austerity cuts Idea that has investors worried is the so-called "  Grexit " -- or Greek exit from the eurozone Travel experts say tourists visiting economically troubled countries unlikely to lose out
RealSimple.com  -- 12 Fresh Cloth Napkins Have them ironed and ready to go . Need to restock ? Go to crateandbarrel.com for white napkins or dwellshop.com for colorful ones . RealSimple.com : Unexpected holiday decorations 11 Catchy Christmas Carols "  White Christmas , " Otis Redding "  Christmas in Hollis , " Run-D.M.C . "  Santa Claus Is Comin ' to Town , " the Jackson Five "  The First Snowfall , " Bing Crosby "  All I Want for Christmas , " RuPaul "  Silver and Gold , " Burl Ives "  Baby , Please Come Home , " Darlene Love "  Fireside , " Jim Brickman "  Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas , " the Pretenders "  Santa Baby , " Eartha Kitt "  Christmas Time Is Here , " Vince Guaraldi RealSimple.com : Inexpensive ideas for holiday party food 10 Hours for Shopping The average person spends that amount of time hunting for gifts , according to Consumer Reports . 9 Feet of Garland Per Foot of Tree You need to go to great lengths indeed to jazz up a spruce of average height . 8 Care-Package Items Here 's what U.S. soldiers overseas most frequently request : Letters from people like you Nutrition bars Ground coffee Flavor packets for water DVDs and CDs AT&T global calling cards Personal-hygiene supplies Blank cards to send to their loved ones Go to soldiersangels.org to give . RealSimple.com : 15 easy Christmas decorations 7 Words to Remember "  It is in giving that we receive . " â $ • Saint Francis of Assisi 6 Rolls of Gift Wrap According to the people at Kate 's Paperie , the paper retailer , most of us need this much to get the job done .  Choose recycled paper whenever possible . To purchase recycled gift wrap , go to : fishlipspaperdesigns.com . papermojo.com . flowerseedpaper.com . RealSimple.com : How to make the holidays more affordable 5 Emergency Gifts Do n't get caught short  again  . Store them in a closet prewrapped for surprise guests . Scented Candles : ikea.com . Card Games in Tins  like Uno , Old Maid , and I Spy  : amazon.com . Bud Vases : cb2.com ; buy in bulk , save-on-crafts . com . Special Teas  mightyleaf.com  or Cocoa  chocolatebarnyc.com Paperwhite Bulbs : whiteflowerfarm.com . RealSimple.com : 10 party dips 4 Champagne Cocktails Upgrade a glass of bubbly with one of these options : 1 tablespoon pomegranate juice 1 scoop mango sorbet 1 tablespoon grapefruit juice 1 teaspoon Amaretto liqueur 3 Hours for Wrapping Yes , that 's the average time it takes , say the folks at Consumer Reports -- and it 's all torn off in seconds ! 2 Billion Christmas Cards It may feel as if you 're personally sending out that many , but that 's actually the national total , according to Hallmark . And a "  One-Horse Open Sleigh " Did you know that was the original title of "  Jingle Bells " ? A little fact to get your Christmas-party conversation started . Happy holidays ! RealSimple.com : 7 money saving , stress less holiday tips Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Most people need six rolls of gift wrap to wrap all of their gifts Soldiers want letters , nutrition bars , coffee , global calling cards and blank cards to send their loved ones According to Hallmark , two billion Christmas cards are sent out each year
CNN  -- The midterm elections made it clear that Americans want a government that works for the people . The 112th Congress will be faced with a choice : Work with the president and the people to deliver results , or pursue an obstruction agenda that will leave individuals and businesses with an even less sustainable economy and future than they face today . If Congress chooses the collaboration path , members can tackle one issue that will enhance our national security , create jobs and help stabilize the climate -- an issue with bipartisan roots that touches every corner of this nation : clean energy . Our nation 's energy challenges are pressing and immediate . Unlike countries in Asia and Europe , the United States has neglected to join the global clean energy marketplace . We have no long-term clean energy plan , and so we have few domestic clean energy technologies or industries . While the world surges ahead , we risk being left behind , dependent on yesterday 's energy solutions to solve today 's energy challenges . We know what steps to take . We must reduce our dependence on oil . The transportation sector alone is 95 percent dependent on oil . American taxpayers spend from $ 500 million to $ 1 billion a day on foreign oil , 39 percent of which is imported from "  dangerous or unstable " nations , according to a Truman National Security Project report . We must redouble our efforts to pass national clean energy and efficiency standards to meet our energy needs using homegrown , low-carbon sources . In turn , these actions will lower costs to consumers , create jobs , and spur an export market for innovative energy technologies . We must use public dollars and the government 's credit enhancement power wisely , to leverage private capital for clean energy research , development , production , transmission , storage and deployment . We must confront climate change , which jeopardizes our economic prosperity by leaving us acutely vulnerable to increased water shortages , widespread drought and floods , and food insecurity . We can solve these problems . If the United States adopts a progressive energy strategy that combines market creation , financing for new industries and technologies , and infrastructure development , we can end our dependence on dirty fossil fuels , protect public health , and provide a solid foundation for economic growth and prosperity . Even without comprehensive climate and clean energy legislation , the next Congress can take concrete steps to strengthen the U.S. market for clean energy , providing critical stability and certainty for investors , business , and consumers . These polices have all previously been introduced in the House or Senate , with bipartisan and business support . None will contribute significantly to the federal deficit . Congress can : -- Spur clean energy innovation , manufacturing , deployment , and export through an ambitious renewable electricity standard , extensions of the successful Treasury grant program  1603  and Section 48c manufacturing tax credit , and by establishing a Clean Energy Deployment Administration  CEDA , or "  Green Bank "  to leverage private sector investment for the deployment of clean energy . -- Encourage home and business owners to invest in energy efficiency and boost employment in the beleaguered construction sector by passing HOME STAR and Building Star . Those programs would reward consumers for installing energy-efficient equipment . -- Increase the $ 75 million liability cap for offshore oil damages , and pass other measures to enhance the accountability of oil exploration companies and give these companies an incentive to conduct their operations more safely . The United States can and must also act on the international stage to limit the consequences of climate change and enhance our national security . Congress can show a commitment to the U.S. goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions , take concrete steps to reverse widespread deforestation that contributes 18 percent of these emissions globally , and provide short-term financing to allow the poorest countries in the world to adapt to the impacts of climate change . This is not a partisan agenda . The midterm elections reaffirmed that the clean energy agenda is a positive political agenda . In California , voters overwhelmingly supported the nation 's only cap-and-trade policy even in the face of a well-financed attack led by a coalition of out-of-state fossil fuel industries . In defeating Proposition 23 , California voters across the political spectrum forcefully chose new technologies and new jobs over a retreat to last century 's polluted air and fossil fuel dependence -- showing broad bipartisan support for the most comprehensive emissions reduction measures the country has ever seen . Co-chairman of the "  No on 23 " campaign , former Secretary of State George Shultz said it best : "  Those who wish to repeal our state 's clean energy laws through postponement to some fictitious future are running up the white flag of surrender to a polluted environment . " In Michigan , voters elected Gov. Rick Snyder , who campaigned as a "  good green Republican " who believes that "  Michigan needs to be a leader in the innovative movement toward alternative and cleaner energy . " The clean energy economy is here for the long term . This Congress must decide if America will lead it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Gordon and Caldwell : New Congress can create jobs , end fossil fuel dependence Clean energy is bipartisan issue , they write . We need clean energy industries Policies that encourage clean energy have been introduced with bipartisan support , they say Authors : U.S. must act to keep up with international markets , help national security
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- Argentina 's capital city was beset by strikes Thursday , with teachers , doctors and transit employees refusing to work over money matters . Teachers and doctors in Buenos Aires went on strike Wednesday and are scheduled to go back to work Friday , the government-run Telam news agency and other outlets reported . Subway workers will go on strike Thursday night for a few hours , they said . This is the fourth work stoppage in the past six months for doctors . Only emergency cases are being treated . The doctors are not only seeking better salaries , but also improvements to the public health system . They are protesting "  the lack of money in the public system , the possibility that the health budget will be reduced by 500 million pesos  about $ 130 million  , the lack of professionals , the lack of labor to solve the problems in Argentina 's public health , " said Alicia Kobylarz of the Federal Syndicate of Health Workers . The nation 's public hospitals treat the poor and needy . Health professionals want the government to employ more doctors to meet rising patient loads and an increase in diseases and epidemics such as H1N1 flu and dengue fever . The hospitals depend on funding from the provinces , leading to major differences in each area 's needs and what local health care facilities can offer . "  Provinces that have petroleum income , for example , are provinces that have better budgets , that have better hospitals " said Aldo Neri , a former national health minister . "  There is much inequality in the treatment that the poor receive in Argentinean public hospitals depending on which province they live in . That 's why I say the inequalities have increased . " The current health minister , Juan Manzur , said next year 's health budget will have an increase of more than 15 percent , greater than the national budget , which will have a 12.4 percent increase . Teachers also want greater pay and announced Thursday they would go back on strike Tuesday because of failed talks with Buenos Aires Education Director Mario Oporto . The teachers say they want their raises by year 's end . Oporto said there 's no money for raises now , the official Telam news agency reported . "  The province 's posture is very clear : There wo n't be raises in 2009 because there already have been , " Oporto told a radio station , according to Telam . "  We 're sorry about the work stoppage , and we are ready to keep working . This time we are very firm : There will be no raises in 2009 . " Daniel Scioli , governor of Buenos Aires Province , said public education "  is our top priority " but also emphasized there would be no raises this year , the news agency reported . Teachers ' union leaders complained Thursday that government officials went to schools Wednesday to find out which teachers were there and which had joined the work stoppage , Telam said . Subway workers in Buenos Aires announced they will walk off the job at 7 p.m. Thursday . They , too , want pay raises . Educators also are on strike in neighboring Chile , where professors say they are owed a "  historic debt . " The indefinite strike entered its fourth day Thursday and negotiations are scheduled to resume Friday . Jaime Gajardo , president of Chile 's College of Professors , told a local TV station there has been improvement in negotiations with the government and the talks could advance noticeably in the next few days . Pablo Zalaquett , the mayor of Santiago , the capital of Chile , said the two sides are closer on a pay bonus the professors want . CNN 's Javier Doberti contributed to this report .	Teachers , doctors in Buenos Aires scheduled to go back to work Friday Subway workers were set to go on strike Thursday night for a few hours Doctors seek better salaries , improvements to public health system Argentina 's neighbor Chile also seeing strikes by educators
RAWALPINDI , Pakistan  CNN  -- Former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto 's assassination was her own fault , the country 's president , Pervez Musharraf , said in an interview that aired Sunday on U.S. television . Bhutto sits on stage at a campaign rally minutes before her assassination . "  For standing up outside the car , I think it was she to blame alone -- nobody else . Responsibility is hers , " the former general told CBS ' "  60 Minutes . " Bhutto was killed December 27 in Rawalpindi , south of the Pakistani capital Islamabad , while she was standing in an armored moving car after rallying supporters for now-postponed parliamentary elections . Her head was above the roof and unprotected at the time of the attack . The cause of her death is not clear : a bomber blew himself up near Bhutto 's limousine and videotape showed a gunman present , though no autopsy has been carried out . Asked if Bhutto could have been shot , Musharraf said , "  Yes , absolutely , yes . Possibility . " He has said he welcomes an international investigation . Musharraf , who seized power in a bloodless coup in 1999 , rejected criticism that his government did not do enough to provide security to Bhutto , who was seeking to regain the post of prime minister . He noted that she had already survived one assassination attempt and "  was given more security than any other person . " Asked about the hunt for al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , widely rumored to be in the remote border region between Pakistan and Afghanistan , Musharraf said , "  There is no proof whatsoever that he 's here . We are not particularly looking for him , but we are operating against this -- and al Qaeda and militant Taliban . And in the process , obviously , it is combined . Maybe we are looking for him also . " And Pakistan 's ambassador to the United States , Mahmud Ali Durrani , told CNN 's "  Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer " that , "  If we knew where he was , we would have taken him out . " Durrani added that Musharraf 's comment about "  not specifically looking for Osama " means that the Pakistani military is "  totally focused on destroying al Qaeda and the Taliban network and not just one person . " About Bhutto 's death , he noted only that the investigation is not completed "  and we should not jump to conclusions . " Still , he added , "  if she had not come out of the vehicle , the protected and armored vehicle , maybe we would have seen her smiling face again today . " Though Musharraf 's popularity at home has plummeted , he retains support from GOP presidential contender Sen. John McCain . "  I think he 's a good man , " the Arizonan told NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  But I think he 's made mistakes , do n't get me wrong . And we 've got to move forward with these elections and have them free and fair . "  But I can work with him . He understands the threat to his country that the Taliban and al Qaeda present . And radical Islamic extremists . He 's a very smart man . He 'd be one of the first to go . They 've tried to kill him nine times , OK ? Nine times they 've tried to kill Musharraf . He 's not their favorite guy . " The New York Times reported Sunday that the Bush administration is considering expanding covert operations in the western part of Pakistan to shore up support for Musharraf 's government and to find bin Laden and his second in command , Ayman al-Zawahiri . Democratic presidential candidate Bill Richardson of New Mexico told CNN 's "  Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer " that , though he had not heard details of the plan , "  it sounds like a strategy that makes sense . " He added , "  We have got to take whatever action is needed . " Richardson has called for Musharraf to step down and has called for free and fair elections . "  What we need to do is ask Musharraf , push him , push him to step aside for the good of the country , because he is widely unpopular , " he told CNN . Sen. Hillary Clinton , a Democratic presidential candidate from New York , said Saturday that she would try to persuade Musharraf to share the responsibility for safeguarding his country 's nuclear weapons with a delegation from the United States and perhaps Great Britain . Meanwhile , detectives from Britain 's Scotland Yard Saturday examined the scene where Bhutto was assassinated . CNN cameraman Phil Littleton said the British counter-terrorism officers spent more than two hours at the public park at Liaqat Bath in Rawalpindi . They also visited the site where Bhutto held a rally just prior to her killing . The team of five detectives arrived in Pakistan Friday after Musharraf agreed they should work alongside Pakistani agencies to determine how Bhutto was killed and who was responsible for her death . The Pakistan interior ministry say the former leader died when she hit her head on the lever of her car 's sunroof after ducking for cover after a suicide bomb attack on her convoy . However , supporters of Bhutto insist she was shot prior to the explosion -- a view that some say is supported by video footage of the moments before the blast . In Rawalpindi , police commandos blocked off the road while the British investigators were walked around the scene by Pakistani police , Littleton said . He said the detectives took photographs and climbed onto a building that overlooked the site of the rally and assassination . The investigators also spoke with members of Bhutto 's Pakistan People 's Party  PPP  at a makeshift shrine positioned on the side of the road where the killing took place , he added . They departed the scene under heavy police escort . Asif Ali Zardari , who has stepped in to lead the PPP , has called for a United Nations inquiry into his late wife 's assassination . Musharraf said Wednesday that he expected the Scotland Yard investigators to help "  solve all the confusion " surrounding the case . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Bhutto 's assassination was her own fault , says Musharraf in interview NEW : He blamed her for standing up outside the safety of an armored car British police visit site of Benazir Bhutto 's assassination Counter-terrorism officers are working alongside Pakistani counterparts
Caroline Kennedy on Tuesday stepped before an emperor and into a new global limelight , along a path paved by her father . Arriving at Tokyo 's Imperial Palace in a maroon horse-drawn carriage , the 55-year-old presented Emperor Akihito with her credentials to serve as the U.S. Ambassador to Japan . Along the route into the palace 's leafy grounds , onlookers waited to catch a glimpse of her in the late autumn sunshine . Some waved small Japanese and U.S. flags . "  This appointment has a special significance as we commemorate the 50th anniversary of my father 's presidency , " she told a U.S. Senate committee in September before being confirmed for the post . Her father , President John F. Kennedy , was assassinated November 22 , 1963 -- 50 years ago this week . "  I am conscious of my responsibility to uphold the ideals he represented -- a deep commitment to public service , a more just America and a more peaceful world , " Caroline Kennedy said . For all the pomp of Tuesday 's event , the significance of Caroline Kennedy 's arrival as a historic marker runs deep . John F. Kennedy battled against Japan in World War II . In fact , he said Japan 's success against him was what made him a hero . "  It was involuntary , " he once said . "  They sank my boat . " His encounter with a Japanese destroyer on the night of August 1 , 1943 , "  may be the most famous small-craft engagement in naval history , " the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum says . Continuing the legacy Later , he "  hoped to be the first sitting President to make a state visit to Japan , " Caroline Kennedy told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . John F. Kennedy planned to reunite the crew of his boat , the PT-109 , with the crew of the Amagiri that sank it , says Jennifer Lind , government professor at Dartmouth College . It was an effort to calm protests in Japan against renewal of the U.S.-Japan alliance , Lind wrote in a column for CNN.com . "  If confirmed as ambassador , I would be humbled to carry forward his legacy in a small way and represent the powerful bonds that unite our two democratic societies , " Caroline Kennedy told the Senate committee . At a state dinner in the new ambassador 's honor last week , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said , "  The daughter of a heroic lieutenant in World War II will be the first woman in the next generation after the war to represent our country in a relationship that symbolizes so much more than just a normal diplomatic relationship . This is a symbol of reconciliation , a symbol of possibilities , a symbol of people who know how to put the past behind them and look to the future and build a future together . "  That is , in today 's world , both remarkable and beautiful . " Debate over credentials Just how well she 'll serve as ambassador , however , is under debate in Washington , in diplomatic circles , and in the media . A lawyer and philanthropist with degrees from Harvard and Columbia , Kennedy has worked to advance New York City schools . A stalwart supporter of President Obama , she launched a failed effort to replace Hillary Clinton in the Senate after Clinton became Obama 's secretary of state . Fast Facts : Caroline Kennedy "  A strong , politically savvy woman is just what Japan and the United States need to strengthen relations on both sides of the Pacific , " Shihoko Goto of the Woodrow Wilson International Center wrote in a column for CNN.com . Caroline Kennedy "  may or may not exactly fit that bill , " Goto wrote . "  With any luck , though , she could leverage her appointment as Washington 's top envoy to Tokyo to heighten awareness of just how seriously both sides need to take the issue of female leadership . " "  Kennedy 's biggest personal challenge would be to come out of her father 's shadow and establish herself as a top diplomat in her own right , " Goto added . Opinion : How Caroline Kennedy could make a difference in Japan ' A political neophyte ' Some other analysts are far less charitable . In two separate posts both titled "  Amateur hour " -- one from April , the other September -- writers at foreignpolicy.com took aim at her credentials or lack thereof . "  She does n't speak Japanese and has no academic or professional background in foreign affairs , " Stephen Walt wrote . "  Compared with some other former U.S. ambassadors to Japan  e.g. , Mike Mansfield , Walter Mondale , Michael Armacost , or Tom Foley  , she 's a political neophyte . " "  She will do fine until her first misstep on policy , " David Leheny and Richard Samuels wrote . "  Then , if history is any guide , the Japanese public will turn on her  and by proxy , the U.S. government  . They will wonder -- publicly and loudly -- why Americans take Japan for granted and how Washington could dispatch such a neophyte to such a sensitive post . " Dallas comes to terms with what happened to JFK Personal fortune Caroline Kennedy has acknowledged that her personal wealth puts her at risk for potential conflicts , CNNMoney has reported . "  I understand that a heightened prospect of a conflict of interest could exist as to the companies that maintain a presence in Japan , because they may be more likely than other companies to seek official assistance from or make other contact with the embassy , " she wrote in a letter to the Office of Government Ethics . Her net worth is as high as $ 280 million , according to CNNMoney 's analysis . In speaking before the Senate committee , however , Caroline Kennedy sought to dispel any suggestions that she 'd be unprepared to handle the assignment . She fielded questions about the Trans Pacific Partnership , Tokyo 's territorial dispute with Beijing in the East China Sea and military cooperation . She vowed to work with Congress "  to advance the interests of the United States , protect the safety of our citizens , and strengthen the bilateral relationship for the benefit of both our countries . " One JFK conspiracy theory that could be true	Caroline Kennedy presents her credentials as ambassador to Japan 's Emperor Akihito She has described herself as "  humbled " to carry forward her father 's legacy "  in a small way " Her father , John F. Kennedy , fought against Japan and later wanted to visit as president This week marks the 50th anniversary of his assassination
CNN  Legendary University of North Carolina head basketball coach Dean Smith -- a man who left his mark on young men both on and off the court -- died Saturday evening at the age of 83 , according to the University of North Carolina 's official athletics website . He had battled dementia for years , and according to a family statement provided to UNC , he "  passed away peacefully " in his Chapel Hill home with his wife and five children by his side . "  It 's a blessing in some ways , " UNC coach Roy Williams , a longtime protege of Smith 's , said at a news conference Sunday , "  but it is also really hard . " Williams called Smith "  the perfect picture of what a college basketball coach should have been . " The 64-year-old Williams , who played for UNC 's junior varsity squad in the 1960s and attended Smith 's practices during college before serving as his assistant for a decade , further said everything he does in administering the school 's basketball program "  is driven by my desire to make Coach Smith proud . " "  He set the standard for loyalty and concern for every one of his players , not just the games won or lost , " Williams said in his statement . "  He was the greatest there ever was on the court but far , far better off the court with people . His concern for people will be the legacy I will remember most . " Smith coached the Tar Heels from 1961 to 1997 , tallying a record of 879-254 in those 36 seasons . The school named its basketball arena for Smith in 1986 , and it 's still popularly referred to as "  the Dean Dome . " On Sunday , fans left flowers outside the arena in his memory . He also won two national championships , in 1982 and 1993 , and many of his young charges went on to become some of the greatest players in pro basketball history , including Michael Jordan , Billy Cunningham , James Worthy and Vince Carter . Echoing the sentiments of many who played under Smith , Jordan issued a statement , saying , "  Other than my parents , no one had a bigger influence on my life than Coach Smith . He was more than a coach -- he was my mentor , my teacher , my second father . Coach was always there for me whenever I needed him and I loved him for it . In teaching me the game of basketball , he taught me about life . " Did you have a coach who inspired you ? Share your story on iReport . Smith is often mentioned in the same breath as former Indiana and Texas Tech coach Bobby Knight , Syracuse 's Jim Boeheim and longtime rival Mike Krzyzewski of Duke University , all of whom are considered among the greatest men 's college basketball coaches of all time . Krzyzewski said he was saddened by the news of Smith 's passing and applauded him not only as a "  magnificent teacher and tactician " but also as a compassionate mentor who believed instilling dignity in his players was as important as honing their basketball skills . "  His greatest gift was his unique ability to teach what it takes to become a good man . That was easy for him to do because he was a great man himself . All of his players benefited greatly from his basketball teaching , but even more from his ability to help mold men of integrity , honor and purpose . Those teachings , specifically , will live forever in those he touched , " the coach said in a statement . As further testimony to how Smith 's legacy transcended sports , the Twitter feed for Duke 's basketball team also included several messages honoring the man who beat the Blue Devils 59 times . Sports Illustrated named Smith its Sportsman of the Year in 1997 , and he was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1983 . He was also one of the founding members in the inaugural class inducted into the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame in 2006 . "  He designed Carolina 's ` Four Corners ' offense , devised the foul-line huddle , created the ` fatigue signal ' and implemented the ` run-and-jump ' defense , " according to his Hall of Fame biography . The Emporia , Kansas-born son of two teachers was also a hoopster in his own right and , with his 1952 championship as a Kansas Jayhawk , is one of only two men to win college basketball championships as a coach and player . Knight is the other . A four-time National Coach of the Year , Smith is one of only three coaches to win the National Invitation Tournament , the NCAA Tournament and Olympic Gold . He led the U.S. men 's team to victory in the 1976 Montreal games . In 2013 , Smith joined former President Bill Clinton and entertainer Oprah Winfrey as Presidential Medal of Freedom recipients . President Obama said during the ceremony , "  While Coach Smith could n't join us today due to an illness that he 's facing with extraordinary courage , we also honor his courage in helping to change our country -- he recruited the first black scholarship athlete to North Carolina and helped to integrate a restaurant and a neighborhood in Chapel Hill . That 's the kind of character that he represented on and off the court . " On Sunday , Obama issued a statement praising Smith 's basketball acumen as well as his leadership skills , saying he "  reared a generation of players who went on to even better things elsewhere , including a young man named Michael Jordan -- and all of us from Chicago are thankful for that . "  But more importantly , Coach Smith showed us something that I 've seen again and again on the court -- that basketball can tell us a lot more about who you are than a jumpshot alone ever could . He graduated more than 96 percent of his players and taught his teams to point to the teammate who passed them the ball after a basket , " the statement said . Smith broke UNC 's color barrier for scholarship athletes in 1967 with his recruitment of Charles Scott , a would-be two-time All-American who would help skipper the Tar Heels to consecutive NCAA Final Four appearances in 1968 and 1969 . Despite averaging 22 points and seven rebounds a game throughout his college career , Scott was passed over for Atlantic Coast Conference player of the year honors . It 's telling that he once told a Greensboro , North Carolina , newspaper that the snub was the one time in college "  that I felt things were done in a prejudicial manner . "  And what concerned me more was how the media handled it . Nobody ever said anything about it , never challenged what took place . To me , that 's just another form of hypocrisy , " he told the News & Record . Smith left such an indelible mark on Scott 's life that when Scott spoke at an awards ceremony for Smith many years later , he said , "  When they introduce Coach Smith 's family , why do n't they mention my name ? My father died when I was 12 years old , and Dean Smith is the only father I ever had . " Recruiting Scott was n't Smith 's first foray into integration . In the 1950s , when Smith was an assistant coach at UNC , a pastor at an inclusive Baptist church asked Smith to dine with him and a black student at a then-popular Chapel Hill restaurant that , like most eateries in the city , had a policy of not serving African-Americans . Smith agreed , and the three were allowed to dine . "  We 're human beings first , coaches and players second , and in the '60s we had to strike an extremely delicate balance between the two , " Smith once wrote . The longtime Democrat would go on to strike that balance often , speaking out against the Vietnam War , the Iraq War , nuclear proliferation and the death penalty , among other causes . "  America lost not just a coaching legend , but a gentleman and a citizen , " Obama said in his Sunday statement . Smith 's wife , Linnea , accepted the 2013 Presidential Medal of Freedom on behalf of her husband , who had been fighting dementia for years . Sportswriter John Feinstein , who reportedly abandoned a biography on Smith because of his memory lapses , wrote a column for Smith 's 83rd birthday last year , outlining how Smith refused to engage in self-pity because he 'd led such a great life and knew there were people suffering more than he was . Dementia was a particularly cruel fate to befall a man who "  remembered every name , every game , every play in every game . He also remembered every call that went against him and anything written or said about one of his players or friends that he thought was a slight -- real or perceived . He never asked me how my kids were . He asked how Danny and Brigid were , " wrote Feinstein , who says he first noticed Smith 's flagging memory in 2005 . Even Krzyzewski , his longtime rival -- and some might say archrival , given the fierce history of competition between UNC and Duke -- concurred . "  You 're talking about the person who had the sharpest mind and the most remarkable memory of anyone I 've ever met . It 's just not fair , " Feinstein quoted Krzyzewski as saying . People we 've lost in 2015	Dean Smith was n't just a coach , "  but a gentleman and a citizen , " President says "  In teaching me the game of basketball , he taught me about life , " Michael Jordan says With a record of 879-254 , he is considered one of the best coaches of all time
CNN  -- The prospect of competing in the 2012 London Olympics left British rower Mohamed Sbihi with a big dilemma . As a practicing Muslim , Sbihi , who has Moroccan family , should be starting his month-long Ramadan fast on July 21 , abstaining from food and water during daylight hours . But it clashes with what should be the pinnacle of his career so far when he competes in the British men 's eight at the Olympics on home water . A compromise was needed . "  My faith is really important to me , " Sbihi said in an interview with CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I make sure I say the first verse of the Koran before every single race , whether it be out loud or in my head . "  I spoke to my family here , spoke to my family back home in Morocco , and at the end of the day I 'm making the right decision for me , and that 's to postpone my fast . " It is n't only his faith that will inspire him . The devoted Arsenal football fan will also turn to music to fire him up before he races . "  I like to listen to quite violent hip-hop rap kinda of stuff before I get on the water , " he said . "  I do listen to one song : Eminem feat . Lil Wayne -- No Love . " Football fan Born in Britain to an English mother and Moroccan father , Sbihi had one sport on his mind when he was 15 -- and it was n't rowing . Sbihi -- nicknamed "  Moe " by his friends -- spent as much time as possible on the football pitch , but the visit of British rowing 's talent identification scouts to his school in Surbiton persuaded him to try a different pursuit . "  I was n't really for the idea ... I just wanted to play football , " he said . "  The coach that was testing at the time saw me and said , ` Make sure that boy is there . ' I had the raw parameters to be a really successful rower . " That same year , he won Under-15 gold at the British indoor championships and he went on to win bronze in the men 's four at the Under-23 World Championships . Hitting the heights Now the 24-year-old is preparing to compete in his first Olympics -- and he should n't be too hard to spot . At six foot eight inches  2.03 meters  , Sbihi is the tallest member of the British eight -- although his physique is not unusual in rowing . "  If I was n't a rower , I 'd love to be a basketball player . I love basketball , I love watching it , " he said . "  And basketball you kind of fit in . It 's the same thing with rowing , you just sit here and everyone is tall . And you 're like , ` Is this the land of the giants ? ' " Size matters Being the biggest member of a crew is not necessarily an advantage , Sbihi says , so keeping his weight down is crucial . "  When it comes to summer racing I 'm the biggest guy -- I can also easily be the heaviest guy . By me being lighter , and keeping the same power , it would be beneficial to the crew . " Gold target Sbihi moved up to the eight crew in 2010 , having raced in the pair and the four at youth level , and Britain looks set to renew its rivalry with Germany at the Games . The British eight finished second behind the dominant Germans at the 2010 and 2011 World Championships . However , Sbihi is n't interested in collecting another silver medal . "  I 'm in this to win , " he said . "  I only want one thing and that is an Olympic medal . I went four years not winning anything and if I just win that gold medal ... I 'll be happy . My legacy would be that gold medal . " Britain 's rowing legends If he does win gold , Sbihi will follow in the footsteps of some of the biggest names in British rowing . Steve Redgrave won titles at five successive Olympics , while Matthew Pinsent won four in a row and James Cracknell won gold in the coxless four in 2000 and 2004 . "  Pincent , Cracknell and Redgrave they were able to do that for 20 years , 16 years and 12 years , " Sbihi says . "  That 's pretty impressive . It 's unimaginable for me to be able to try to better Redgrave . "	British rower Mohamed Sbihi was born in Britain and has a Moroccan father Sbihi is a practicing Muslim and will delay his Ramadan fast to compete in London He was picked up at the age of 15 by British rowing 's talent-spotting scheme At six foot eight inches , Sbihi is the tallest member of the British crew
CNN  -- How much has the South changed ? That 's the question at the heart of one of the most important cases the Supreme Court will take up this year . The case weighs the fate of one of the most important laws in American history : the Voting Rights Act of 1965 . A century after the Civil War , Congress created that law to give African Americans the right to vote , not just on paper , but in fact . The key provision was Section 5 , which decreed that jurisdictions with histories of discrimination , mostly in the South , had to get Justice Department approval before they changed any aspect of their voting rules , right down to the location of polling places . There is little doubt that , in the years immediately after 1965 , the Voting Rights Act achieved a revolution in voting rights for African-Americans in the South . In subsequent years , Congress has reauthorized the law several times , most recently in 2006 . Increasingly , covered jurisdictions have found the process of submitting their changes to the Justice Department , which is known as "  pre-clearance , " as a demeaning anachronism , and Shelby County , Alabama , went to court to argue that the Voting Rights Act was unconstitutional . The court will hear the case , Shelby County v. Holder , early next year . The Obama administration strongly supports the act , but the president 's election -- and re-election -- may be among the best arguments against the law . There is little doubt that African-Americans suffered pervasive discrimination in the 1960s , especially at the polls . But now we have a black president . Does n't that prove that African-Americans have reached at least rough equality in the electoral realm ? Not necessarily . When reauthorizing the law , Congress compiled a record of thousands of pages documenting the legacy of discrimination that lingers in the covered jurisdictions . The government asserts that the justices should defer to Congress in deciding whether the problem of voting rights is solved . Still , the Obama administration has to deal with a very important likely adversary in this case : Chief Justice John Roberts . The court heard a similar challenge to the Voting Rights Act in 2009 , and the court sidestepped the core issue , resolving the case on procedural grounds . But there was little doubt , in Roberts ' questions at oral argument or in his opinion , that he believes , constitutionally speaking , times have changed . The chief is unlikely to look for a procedural way out of controversy for a second time . The controversy over voter suppression in the 2012 elections might have a paradoxical effect on the future of the law . Democrats argued that the efforts to impose Voter ID requirements and the like amounted to discrimination against African-Americans and thus could be seen as justification for preserving the Voting Rights Act . But several of the acts of alleged voter suppression took place in states -- like Pennsylvania and Ohio -- that are not covered by Section 5 of the act . That may help the plaintiff 's core argument : Times have changed in the South . In any event , it 's likely to be a close vote . What happens if the law is overturned ? The answer may be : not much . The South may not need the act anymore to protect the voting rights of minorities . If that 's true , that would prove the plaintiffs ' main argument in this case . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Toobin .	Jeffrey Toobin : 1965 Voting Rights Act secured voting rights for blacks in the South Alabama county takes it to Supreme Court , saying act is unconstitutional Toobin : Is it still necessary ? Does discrimination still exist in the South ? Toobin : Ruling will be close , with Chief Justice Roberts likely to oppose U.S. argument
CNN  -- An Oklahoma Highway Patrol trooper was suspended Wednesday for five days without pay following a highly publicized scuffle with a paramedic in Okfuskee County in May , according to the Highway Patrol . This is an image from a video that captured an Oklahoma trooper 's scuffle with a paramedic in May . The incident , which was caught on dash-camera and cell-phone video , showed Trooper Daniel Martin pulling over a Creek Nation ambulance for a traffic-stop violation . During the incident , Martin is heard repeatedly using profanity and twice getting into a scuffle with one of the paramedics . Both paramedics and family members of the patient in the ambulance informed Martin several times by there was a patient inside , but he did not allow the paramedics to continue to the hospital while the video continued . In a news conference Wednesday , Oklahoma Highway Patrol Captain Chris West said Martin "  failed to recognize that it would have been more reasonable and appropriate to immediately allow the ambulance to continue to the hospital once he understood there was a patient onboard the ambulance . " Watch the confrontation " West also said Martin had "  probable cause to make the traffic stop and justification to arrest the paramedic for obstructing a police officer " but that the incident "  resulted in conduct unbecoming an officer . " Martin 's attorney , Gary James of Oklahoma City , did not immediately return a phone call from CNN . In a disciplinary letter sent to Martin , Oklahoma Public Safety Department Commissioner Kevin Ward , concluded that the "  disregard for the welfare of the patient -LSB- justified -RSB- severe discipline . " Martin will also be required to take an anger assessment , West said . The trooper had no previous discipline action in his record , according to West . On Tuesday , the paramedic involved in the scuffle , Maurice White , filed a lawsuit against Martin in federal court claiming his civil rights were violated . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas-Nazario contributed to this report .	May incident was caught on dash-camera and cell-phone video Trooper Daniel Martin shown pulling over a Creek Nation ambulance During incident , Martin heard using profanity and getting physical with paramedic Martin continued to hold up ambulance despite being informed of patient inside
CNN  -- On Thursday night Shonda Rhimes will rule the airwaves . The creative powerhouse will have not one , not two , but three shows premiering on ABC . "  Grey 's Anatomy " and "  Scandal " will be joined by a newcomer , "  How to Get Away With Murder , " starring Viola Davis . And while it 's not the first time Rhimes has had three shows on the network -- her show "  Private Practice " went off the air last year -- having a block of prime-time shows on a single night is quite the accomplishment . It 's an even bigger deal for an African-American woman . The Los Angeles Times wrote that viewers might just want to go ahead and dub Thursdays "  Shondaday . " Shonda Rhimes strikes back against ` angry black woman ' label For her part , Rhimes is just focused on the product . "  I know it 's an incredible amount of trust that 's being placed on me , I get that . ... But I 'm not really thinking about , ` Oh , I 'm the Thursday queen , ' " Rhimes told the Times . "  Uh , no . I 'm thinking , ' "  Grey 's " has to be good , "  Scandal " has to be good , and "  Murder " has to be damn good . ' " Rhimes has become known as a bit of a tour de force in Hollywood . A writer and a producer , she became the first black woman in Hollywood to create and producer a top 10 series with "  Grey 's Anatomy . " Since then , she has leveraged her equity in the industry to not only create hits , but also pave the way for others . And her experience has n't been limited to the small screen . She also wrote the screenplays for "  The Princess Diaries 2 " and the Britney Spears film "  Crossroads . " But television is where she has found her greatest success . To get you ready for the monumental Thursday night event , here are just a few of the sign posts you will find as you make your way through Shondaland : 1 . Strong female leads Move over , Olivia Pope . Annalise Keating has it handled . Academy Award-nominated actress Viola Davis takes no prisoners as Keating , a tough-as-nails attorney who employs some of her top students to help get her clients off . She joins characters like "  Scandal 's " Pope  played by Kerry Washington  and "  Grey 's Anatomy 's " Meredith Grey  played by Ellen Pompeo  in Rhimes ' portofolio of female characters who play hardball . "  The question I 'm asked most often as a defense attorney is whether I can tell if my clients are innocent or guilty , " Davis says as Keating in a promo for the show . "  I do n't care . " 2 . Some vino No "  Scandal " viewing party is complete without some red wine and popcorn , a favorite dinner meal of the main character , Pope . It 's so serious that you can even buy the style of wine glasses that Olivia swigs from . And let us not forget how often some of the "  Grey 's " characters have come together in a bar . Booze definitely has a place in Rhimes ' shows . 3 . LGBT characters Rhimes has been a pioneer in terms of diversity within her casts be it racially or gender . When asked by a fan why her shows featured so many gay characters she responded , "  Because I believe everyone should get to see themselves reflected on TV . EVERYONE . "  And because I love all my gay and lesbian friends , " she continued . "  AND because I think same-sex marriage is the civil rights fight of our era and back when being a person of color was the civil rights fight , people like Norman Lear put black people on TV and helped change some minds . So you know , it 's got ta be paid forward . " 4.Rapid-fire dialogue Try to keep up with all of the snappy lines on these three shows . We dare you . The fast word play on "  Scandal " has come to be so well-known that the actors have even been asked to explain how they keep up . 5 . Interracial relationships It does n't get much hotter than Olivia Pope and President Fitzgerald "  Fitz " Thomas Grant III on "  Scandal . " But let us not forget Sandra Oh 's and Isaiah Washington as doctors Cristina Yang and Preston Burke . There is also an interracial relationship in "  How to Get Away With Murder " which we wo n't reveal here  no spoilers !  . Love knows no color in Shondaland . 6 . Anyone can go at any time Rhimes has absolutely no fear in killing off major and minor characters at any point to further a good plot . When actor T.R. Knight wanted out of playing Dr. George O'Malley on "  Grey 's Anatomy " in 2009 , the character did n't just move away -- it appears that he was hit by a bus . Fans were shocked when a major character died in the "  Kiss Kiss Bang Bang " episode of "  Scandal " last season -- and before they could catch their breath , another major character appeared to be killed off . Shocking TV character deaths 7 . Actors with issues From Katherine Heigl asking that her name be taken out of Emmy consideration because she did n't think the "  Grey 's Anatomy 's " writing made it worthy , to the legal issues of former "  Scandal " co-star Columbus Short , someone is typically going to be a bit more ... challenging to work with on a Rhimes show . Gallery : Celebrity arrests Rhimes told Oprah Winfrey during an interview that she does an "  a ** hole background check " on everyone on her shows , including the crew . "  On some level it stung , and on some level I was not surprised , " Rhimes told Oprah of dealing with Heigl . "  When people show you who they are , believe them . I carry that with me a lot . It has served me well . " It remains to be seen who will win that title on "  How to Get Away With Murder . "	Rhimes has three shows premiering Thursday night Two are returning and one is new Her shows share some similarities
City dwellers will soon be able to make greener travel choices just by looking at their smartphone . The CO2GO smartphone app automatically detects whether its owner is traveling by rail , car or bus and calculates the emissions using an advanced algorithm . The app has been designed by MIT 's SENSEable City Lab and they expect it to be available for download by the summer . They say the technology will also turn citizens into walking sensors , collecting detailed information about how people use cities . "  We 're in the middle of this kind of technology revolution , " says director Carlo Ratti . "  Data allows you to make better decisions , either if you are the mayor or if you are the citizen . " Thanks to smartphone technologies and embedded sensors on everyday objects , a wealth of real-time information can today be tracked , harnessed and shared with citizens instantly , helping urban people adapt their behavior and make better choices , says Ratti . In a nutshell , "  hacking " the city 's data can help its inhabitants to be greener . It can also help city planners make better choices for the future , they say . Capturing urban information -- figures on energy use , mobility , food and water consumption -- will allow planners to run simulations of potential scenarios and start asking "  what if " questions . They say visualization will help them to deal with pressing problems like mass urbanization , aging infrastructure and carbon emissions . "  It 's the capacity to play ` SimCity ' for real , " says James Moore , senior vice president for National Community Planning and Urban Design at architecture firm HDR , referring to the popular computer game . "  You can figure out what the algorithms are and then you can begin to say , ` Well , if you want to add 100,000 people over the next 10 years , what 's the optimal way to do it ? ' " More from Road to Rio : ` Living ' buildings could inhale city carbon emissions Moving toward models that show possible alternative scenarios can help avoid planning mistakes and optimize decisions about the ideal size and density level of a city , says Emma Stewart , senior manager for sustainability at technology group Autodesk . "  Ultimately that 's the challenge here -- to figure out how many people , per square foot , per resource , to achieve a certain quality of life , that 's the ultimate algorithm , " she adds . There are already many groups that have started incorporating data visualizations and cloud-based simulations -- which offer users access to sophisticated tools from anywhere in the world -- as tools that could help tackle urban problems . In Bangalore , India , the Next Generation Infrastructure Lab , a division of policy research organization CSTEP , has been exploring and building simulations to imagine different kinds of urban scenarios over a long period of time . The group has also been holding gaming workshops where interactive simulations help decision makers and users understand the implications of different energy choices , such as usage of solar power over coal or oil . The goal of such workshops is to come up with the ideal sustainable mix that will cover India 's energy needs for the following years , organizers say . Gabriel Harp , research manager for Technology Horizons at Silicon Valley-based Institute for the Future  IFTF  says such moves are important because they allow city planners , decision makers and citizens to come together at an early stage to find solutions at different urban problems . "  In particular , having conversations between the designers and the users of the system can be very important , " adds Harp , who prior to joining IFTF worked with CSTEP in India . Floods , heat , migration : How extreme weather will transform cities In Madrid , Spain , the "  In The Air " project aims to make citizens more aware about pollution levels by using real time data provided by the city 's authorities . The researchers have developed different interfaces to communicate the data , such as a web-based application that shows pollution levels and their evolution over time . They 're also interested in bringing the information into the public space -- for example , fitting the outside of buildings with large digital screens to reflect a certain color depending on the level of pollution , or developing small portable gadgets that show pollution levels nearby . Nerea Calvillo , creator of "  In The Air , " says the project aims to increase the public knowledge of an invisible urban ecosystem . It also wants "  to generate awareness of the high levels of some of the components that exist in our cities and , finally , to enhance personal engagement of citizens that would end up in decision making and political action . " Can we afford eco-cities ? Ratti says that technology can radically change the way people interact with the urban environment and could allow them to get more engaged in decisions about where they live -- a key part of shaping environmentally friendly cities in the future . "  Building and managing cities have always been bottom-up collaborative processes -- some of this changed in the last couple of centuries with a top-down approach from city planners and decision-makers , " he adds . "  Technology  will  allow us to return to  that in  the future in a way . "	Cities are a mass of data , if you know how to get at it -- that 's where technology comes in Tech experts are harnessing data to help plan better cities for the future mass urbanization and CO2 emissions In the U.S. a smartphone app turns commuters into walking CO2 emissions sensors In Bangalore , gaming-style simulations allow city planners to see how their decsions could play out over five years
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has again rejected broad privacy rights for some government workers . A unanimous bench on Wednesday affirmed the government 's right to conduct personal background checks on current and prospective employees under federal contract , especially those in sensitive or high-security workplaces . The ruling rejected a lawsuit by 28 long-term scientists , engineers , and others at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory near Pasadena , California . The workers , who are independent contractors , claim the mandatory checks are overly intrusive -- permitting the government to obtain information on their health , finances , personal habits , and even their sex lives . All were classified as "  low risk , " unlikely to have a major "  adverse impact " on the agency 's mission . The forms required of workers "  consist of reasonable , employment-related inquiries that further the government 's interests in managing its internal operations , " said Justice Samuel Alito for the 8-0 court . Justice Elena Kagan did not participate , since she briefed the case last year as the government 's solicitor general , before being nominated to the court by President Obama . At issue was whether there is a constitutional right to "  informational privacy , " free from overly intrusive state scrutiny . The high court 33 years ago suggested such a right existed , but the concept has rarely been tested since . The latest dispute comes amid a general increase in security concerns in the wake of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . The plaintiffs in the case argued they are not federal employees , but work at the California Institute of Technology , a private university that operates the JPL for the space agency . They claim they are low-risk workers whose work is in the private domain , and that the university already conducted background checks when they were first hired . Nevertheless , they were required to submit information to NASA , allowing the facility to maintain its broader security clearance as a government contractor . In a 2004 presidential directive , NASA and all federal agencies were ordered to increase their security measures . All civil servants and contractors are now issued special ID badges and cards after first undergoing fingerprint checks and thorough screenings of their professional and personal lives . Investigators are permitted to read criminal , financial and medical records , and to speak with friends , family , and neighbors of the workers . All federal employees and applicants are subject to such background checks , and the government says that applies to contractors as well . After some JPL workers complained , the lab posted a "  suitability matrix " on its Web site , listing criteria it believed NASA would consider when deciding suitability for future and continued employment . Such factors , the lawsuit noted , included "  carnal knowledge , sodomy , indecent exposure , voyeurism , obscene telephone calls , indecent proposals , incest , bestiality , homosexuality , cohabitation , adultery , illegitimate children , and mental , emotional , psychological , or psychiatric issues . " During oral arguments last October , Alito had , along with some of his colleagues , expressed some concern about the government 's assertions . "  Is there any limit ? " he asked . "  Suppose the government says : ` Well , we want to know all about your diet . We want to know whether you smoke cigarettes . We want to know everything you read . We want to know what your hobbies are , what forms of entertainment you enjoy , sexual practices , every aspect of your private life , just because that gives us a better picture of who you are as an employee . ' Is that OK ? " The Justice Department 's lawyer , Neal Katyal , said at the time there are limits , but added the government should have wide discretion to determine specific areas of inquiry , with appropriate safeguards . Alito in his 23-page opinion agreed . "  We reject the argument the government , when it requests job-related personal information in an employment background check , has a constitutional burden to demonstrate its questions are ` necessary ' or the least restrictive means of furthering its interests , " he wrote . Last term , the high court ruled that a government worker did not enjoy a "  reasonable expectation " of privacy on his official wireless two-way text-messaging pager . A California police officer had sued after authorities reviewed his phone records because of what they believed was excessive use of the pager device on the job . The review found hundreds of personal messages , some of a "  sexually explicit " nature , to his wife , a girlfriend and a fellow officer . The officer then sued for invasion of privacy , but lost at the high court . Private employees generally have less workplace privacy than do government workers . The JPL case raised the question of rights enjoyed in the quasi-official world of government contractors . In the JPL dispute , workers who refused to allow the background checks could be fired . The government told the high court that anyone receiving a government employment check should expect a security check . Justice Department lawyers warned that a ruling against the government would jeopardize its ability to obtain necessary information from contractors and regular government staff members . The case is National Aeronautics and Space Administration v. Nelson  09-530  .	The high court affirms personal background checks by the government The ruling applies to current and prospective employees under government contract The lawsuit was filed by scientists , engineers and others at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory
CNN Student News  -- April 12 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : London Wilcox County , Georgia ; Oregon Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Tom Watson has learned plenty in the 21 years since he was last captain of the United States ' Ryder Cup golf team . But there is one new-fangled invention the eight-time major winner ca n't quite get his head around . Watson does in fact have his own Twitter account with almost 59,000 followers , but he 's a social media novice compared to the likes of current Ryder stars Bubba Watson and Ian Poulter -- posting just over 100 times in 21 months . "  I 've learned that it 's very difficult to tweet , " the 65-year-old told CNN 's Living Golf show ahead of the biennial tussle between Europe and the U.S. at Gleneagles in Scotland this week . "  I ca n't get my fingers to do it fast enough or put the right hashtag -- it 's hard to do stuff like that . " It will also be a tall order to wrest the Ryder Cup from European grasp -- the subject of his first official tweet back in January 2013 . Whereas once golf 's most enduring team contest was a virtual American whitewash , now it is their continental cousins who rule supreme . The U.S. has won just one Ryder Cup since 1999 , and last time out in 2012 suffered a humbling that became known as the "  Miracle of Medinah " when Europe somehow overturned a 10-6 deficit on an exhilarating final day . What better skipper to have at the helm , then , than Watson , who won three and drew one of his four appearances as a player , and was the last man to mastermind a U.S. triumph on European soil back in 1993 ? With a new-look team containing three rookies , the five-time British Open winner is the ideal man to school his newbies in the process of handling unprecedented levels of pressure . "  Being a captain , I 'm a stage manager , " Watson says of his role as captain . "  I try to provide everything the players need -- from the physical part but also the mental part . The mental part is important , to keep the players positive . "  Make them understand that I understand what they are going through . Be a go-to guy if they have something they need to talk about under the high pressure situation of a Ryder Cup . "  It 's the highest pressure , I think , in all of golf . There are situations where you may get above your pressure level and since I 've been there before I can be a go-to guy to talk to the players about that . " The task facing Watson is clear -- just take a glance at golf 's rankings . Three of the top five players in the world are in the European ranks -- the only American is veteran Jim Furyk at No. 4 -- and the continent has four straight Ryder Cup victories to its name on home turf . No doubt Watson will be reminding his players of the last time he donned the captain 's robes , when he led the U.S. to a 15-13 victory over Europe at the Belfry in Birmingham over two decades ago . "  We go into the Ryder Cup and on paper the Europeans look better without question , " Watson says . "  The McIlroys , the Kaymers , the Stensons , the Roses , are players who 've really played well throughout the summer . "  Right now on paper we are underdogs , but things can change . We all go through good stretches and we all go through bad stretches . "  The thing that we bring to it is an underlying American spirit that we get the job done , no matter what it takes . That 's the attitude that I have and the attitude I 'll project to the players . " The European charge will be spearheaded by the hottest player on the planet at present -- Rory McIlroy . The Northern Irishman captured half of the majors on offer in 2014 -- adding a second U.S. PGA Championship to a maiden British Open title -- to take his career tally to four . The 24-year-old is fully aware that as Europe 's leading star he is going to be targeted by those in stars and stripes , the logic being that if you take down a team 's top talent , the rest will crumble . After his U.S. PGA victory at Valhalla -- scene of the USA 's last Ryder Cup win in 2008 -- McIlroy said he was ready to be the European "  talisman " and drive his side forward . Watson is a big admirer of the undisputed world No. 1 . "  One of the things I love about Rory is how he plays the game , " Watson said . "  He plays it a lot like I do . He plays it quickly , with the blinders on . You do n't see him moan with a bad shot , you do n't see him go bananas with a good shot . "  He keeps it on a steady keel throughout and I like that about him . I like his manners and the way he treats people , the way he respects the game and the people around him . "  He 's great for the game of golf and he 's a very formidable competitor . I do n't wish him too well in a Ryder Cup , I can say that , but I wish him well in other events . " One of the biggest questions the United States team will face is whether they will suffer any kind of hangover from that chastening experience at Medinah in 2012 . Under the leadership of Davis Love III , the U.S. had assumed a seemingly unassailable lead ahead of Sunday 's singles matches , storming into a four-point advantage . It could have been even better , but for Englishman Poulter , who compiled an astonishing run of five birdies in his last five holes to rescue a point for Europe in Saturday 's final fourballs match . Captain Jose Maria Olazabal 's decision to front-load his singles lineup on Sunday then paid instant dividends as Europe won the first five matches , including Justin Rose 's pivotal late victory over American stalwart Phil Mickelson . "  I watched  2012  with glee the first two days then with a huge whole in my stomach after we lost on that Sunday , " Watson recalls . "  It lasted for several days that week -- it was physical . It was a very disappointing loss . "  But I have to give credit to the European team , they were 25 under par collectively on Sunday ; we were eight under par . "  But it still boiled down , even to a five-point lead , to one stroke of the putter by Justin Rose on 17 which basically turned the match around . " With Tiger Woods missing through injury , Mickelson will be one of the lynchpins of Watson 's 2014 team . The 44-year-old has featured in the last eight Ryder Cups , stretching back to 1995 , and brings with him an invaluable wealth of experience . And while his golfing prowess is the major weapon in Mickelson 's armory , his sharp wit gets the team going . "  One of the things I 've done is talk to pretty much all the Ryder Cup captains of the past and they 've all said Phil is really good in the team room , getting people jazzed up , pumped up , " Watson says . "  As a captain , I want the team room to be jokes going back and forth -- that helps with the nerves and Phil really does help that way . "  One of the great things about Phil , he loves to gamble so when he 's playing golf there 's always something on the line . "  You want somebody like that not only play for your team but also talk to the other players . Phil has that gambler mentality -- he can do anything he wants to do on the golf course , and Phil does . " After two defeats in a row , and five reverses out of the last six , some have questioned whether the U.S. team has the desire to wrestle the Ryder Cup back across the Atlantic . But Watson has no such concerns . "  There 's no issues about motivation -- they are all motivated to win the cup back , " he says . "  We 're tired of getting beat , and very simply they look at 2012 when the Europeans made that great run and came from behind as something they want to make amends for . "  They want to prove to the world they can play . "	Veteran Tom Watson is the United States ' 2014 Ryder Cup captain The eight-time major champion last skippered the U.S. team in 1993 That victory in England is the last time the U.S. won on European soil The 2014 Ryder Cup starts at Gleneagles in Scotland on Friday
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thai and Cambodian troops exchanged gunfire near a disputed temple Saturday despite a cease-fire agreement between the two nations . The brief rounds of fighting near the Ta Kwai temple involved small arms weapons , said Col. Prawit Hukaew , a regional Thai army spokesman . It started late Friday into early Saturday . Fighting may be a result of Cambodian soldiers not being aware of the cease-fire set Thursday , the spokesman said . It should cease once Cambodian soldiers in the conflict area learn about the truce , he said . Cambodia 's government spokesman could not be reached for comment . Fighting along the turbulent border has raged since April 22 as the two sides accuse each other of trying to seize ancient temples . Thailand calls the temples Ta Kwai and Ta Muen , while Cambodia calls them Ta Krabey and Ta Moan . Much of the border between the two countries remains in dispute . At least six Thai soldiers and one civilian have been killed in the clashes , authorities said . Cambodia has said three of its troops have been killed in the fighting .	Thai and Cambodian troops exchange gunfire The brief fighting is near the Ta Kwai temple The two nations agreed to a cease-fire Thursday
CNN  -- Unemployed , single and apparently fed up with criticism from her mother , a 29-year-old Orangeburg , South Carolina , woman suffocated her two toddlers with her bare hands before strapping them into car seats and submerging her car in a river , authorities said Tuesday . Shaquan Duley is facing two counts of murder in the deaths of her sons , ages 1 and 2 , said Orangeburg County Sheriff Larry Williams . She is set to appear in court Wednesday . "  She was a mother that was unemployed . She had no means of taking care of her children , " Williams told reporters . "  She lives with her mother and her mother was a very , I guess , firm individual . ... She often talked with her daughter about , I guess , maybe being more of a mother or being more reliable . " Mother and daughter argued the night before the children 's bodies were found early Monday in Duley 's Chrysler sedan , submerged in the Edisto River , he said . "  We believe this is a direct response  to the argument  from Ms. Duley , " he said . "  I believe she was just fed up with her mother telling her she could n't take care of the children and she was n't taking care of her children and she just wanted to be free . " However , he said , "  this was n't a hardened criminal . This was a young lady in trouble , in trouble in more ways than she realized . " Duley has no previous criminal history , he said . Duley 's third child , a 5-year-old daughter , was at the home of Duley 's mother . Police identified the dead children as Ja ` van T. Duley , age 1 , and Devean C. Duley , 2 . Under questioning , Duley told authorities she smothered the boys by putting her hand over their mouths at the Trumps Inn in Orangeburg , Williams said . She drove them to the river while "  trying to find a way to discard the bodies , " he said . "  She just wanted to get rid of the children , as sad as it may be , " Williams said . Authorities do not know how long the boys had been dead before they went into the water , he said . Duley initially reported that she had lost control of the car and it had rolled into the river . But authorities from the outset believed her story did n't add up , Williams said . Her clothes were dry , he said , and there were no skid marks or other indications of an accident at the scene . In addition , Duley reported she had walked a mile before flagging down a motorist to call for help , Williams said previously . The sheriff told CBS ' "  The Early Show " that she could have run to residences nearby . Authorities responded to a report of a car accident near a boat landing on the river Monday , and divers found the children 's bodies . Williams said Monday he could n't confirm reports that the key was still in the car 's ignition , but he said the car apparently was in neutral . Ramona Milhouse told CNN she lives next to the boat landing , and her house and a neighbor 's house are clearly visible from the road . She said she was at home around the time Duley told authorities she lost control of her car . "  I do n't know why the young lady would walk that far when we are here , that 's easy to see , and we have phones so we could have called someone for her , " Milhouse said . In addition , she said , the road near the landing is a busy one . "  It 's not a quiet country road , " she said . "  There 's a lot of people driving up and down , all parts of the day and night . " She said she did not see the car go into the water , but heard sirens as authorities responded . "  When I heard what happened , I just could n't go to sleep at all , thinking about those two little boys , " she said . It was n't immediately known whether Duley had retained an attorney . Williams described Duley as distraught , but said she showed no signs of remorse . "  I do n't believe she woke up and said , ` I 'm going to the Shillings Bridge Road to get rid of my children , ' " he said . "  Of course , that has n't been determined . I believe she was just angry , upset and for some reason found the boat ramp , but mind you the children were deceased ... so  she was  trying to find a way to discard the bodies . " The father of the two children has not been found , Williams said . Duley "  was more or less being mother and father for the children , " he said . "  The mom has basically been a good mom , " he said , but was just unable to financially support the children . "  For whatever reason , this was her weakest moment , " he said . The South Carolina Department of Social Services has no record of prior involvement with Duley , department spokeswoman Marilyn Matheus said . The incident has striking similarities to a 1994 case , also in South Carolina . The bodies of Michael Daniel Smith , 3 , and 14-month-old Alexander Tyler Smith were found in their mother 's car , still strapped into their car seats , in John D. Long Lake in Union , South Carolina . Their mother , Susan Smith , was convicted on two counts of murder , but jurors opted to spare her the death penalty and she was sentenced to life in prison . The case inflamed racial tensions in Union , because Susan Smith claimed at first she had been carjacked by an African-American man . She stuck to that story for nine days , issuing tearful pleas for her sons ' return on national media outlets , before confessing to authorities . Prosecutors alleged she killed her children after being rejected by a man she was dating who did not want children . Duley spent two years as a cashier at a Dairy-O fast-food restaurant a couple of years ago , said assistant manager Grace Simpson . "  She was such a good-natured person , very friendly , but quiet , " Simpson recalled . "  Never disciplined . Never in trouble with our boss . She left because she chose to . We do n't have health insurance here , and she wanted to just move on and up with her life maybe . " At the time Duley worked for Dairy-O , she did not have children , Simpson believes . Simpson did not know if she was married at the time . "  Whatever compelled Shaquan to do what she did ... Lord please be with her , " said Simpson . "  I can not judge Shaquan . I will not judge her . But God , be kind to her . " HLN 's Natisha Lance and CNN 's Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Authorities say the children were dead before they went into the water Sheriff says a South Carolina mother admitted she suffocated two of her kids Shaquan Duley , 29 , will be charged with murder , sheriff says The bodies of Duley 's two children were found in South Carolina 's Edisto River
CNN  -- A pea-sized seahorse , the world 's longest insect , a "  ghost slug " and the world 's smallest snake were among the top 10 species discovered in 2008 , a committee of scientists said Friday . A tiny seahorse and the world 's longest insect were among the top 10 new species discovered in 2008 . These unusual critters were among thousands of species found last year , many in remote or tropical regions of the planet , that hint at the breadth of the Earth 's undiscovered biodiversity . "  Most people do not realize just how incomplete our knowledge of Earth 's species is , " said Quentin Wheeler , director of the International Institute for Species Exploration at Arizona State University , which announced the top 10 new species list . "  We are surrounded by such an exuberance of species diversity that we too often take it for granted , " Wheeler added . The ASU institute and an international committee of taxonomists -- scientists devoted to species exploration and classification -- compile the top 10 list of new species each year . Also on the 2008 list are a caffeine-free coffee plant , a snail whose shell twists around four axes , a palm that flowers itself to death and microscopic bacteria that live in hairspray . See photos of the new species " Here 's the complete list : 1 . Pygmy seahorse : Classified by its Latin name , Hippocampus satomiae , this species measures about half an inch long and was found near Derawan Island off Kalimantan , Indonesia . 2 . A plant that kills itself : Found in a small area of northwestern Madagascar , a rare genus of palm -- Tahina spectablilis -- produces huge , spectacular flowers and then dies and collapses . Fewer than 100 have been found . 3 . Decaf , please : Known as Coffea charrieriana , this plant found in Cameroon is the first record of a caffeine-free coffee species from Central Africa . 4 . Spray-on species : An extremophile bacteria , Microbacterium hatanonis , was discovered in hairspray by Japanese scientists . 5 . A stick that moves : The world 's longest insect , with a body length of 14 inches  22.3 inches including legs  , Phobaeticus chani resembles a stick and was found in Borneo , Malaysia . 6 . The Barbados Threadsnake : Leptotyphlops carlae measures only 4.1 inches long and is believed to be the world 's smallest snake . 7 . A pale "  ghost slug " : Selenochlamys ysbryda was a surprising find in the densely populated area of Cardiff , Wales . 8 . A very limber snail : This unique species , Opisthostoma vermiculum , is found on a limestone hill in Malaysia and has a shell that twists around four axes . 9 . Damsel in the deep blue sea : Chromis abyssus is a beautiful species of damselfish found in deep-reef habitat off the coast of Ngemelis Island , Palau . 10 . Fossil mama : A fossilized fish , Materpiscis attenboroughi , is an extremely rare find from Western Australia and shows a mother giving birth 380 million years ago . Scientists are still classifying species found around the globe in 2008 , so final data for that year are not available . But on Friday , the taxonomists issued a State of Observed Species report card that states 18,516 species new to science -- about half of them insects -- were discovered and described in 2007 . The vast majority of the 18,516 species named in 2007 were invertebrate animals  75.6 percent  , vascular plants  11.1 percent  and vertebrates  6.7 percent  . The report was compiled by ASU 's International Institute for Species Exploration in partnership with other scientists . "  Charting the species of the world and their unique attributes are essential parts of understanding the history of life , " Wheeler said . "  It is in our own self-interest as we face the challenges of living on a rapidly changing planet . " According to Wheeler , a new generation of tools is coming online that will vastly accelerate the rate at which humans can discover and describe species . The annual release of the top 10 new species list and State of Observed Species report commemorate the anniversary of the birth of Carolus Linnaeus , who initiated the modern system of plant and animal names and classifications . An estimated 1.8 million species have been described since Linnaeus initiated the modern systems for naming plants and animals in the 18th century . Scientists estimate that there are between 2 million and 100 million species on Earth , though most set the number closer to 10 million , according to ASU . "  It is estimated that the approximately 1.8 million species named since 1758 represent no more than a fraction of the world 's species , " the report states . "  Rapid environmental changes around the world highlight the urgent need to accelerate our exploration of Earth 's species , " the report says . "  Millions of species -- the majority not yet known to science -- face an uncertain future . Among these species are keys to understanding the history of the origin and diversification of life on our planet . "	A committee of scientists named the top 10 species discovered in 2008 Among them are an Indonesian seahorse that measures about half an inch long The world 's longest insect has a body length of 14 inches and resembles a stick A coffee plant from Cameroon is a rare caffeine-free coffee species
CNN  -- It started with a swim on a sunny afternoon off the Florida coast . Before long , the two men were nursing shark bites . The pair were in knee-deep water when they got nipped a few minutes apart . One in the foot and the other in the shin about 100 yards away , the Volusia County Sheriff 's Office said . They then went to nearby Bert Fish Medical Center for treatment of what authorities described as nonlife-threatening injuries . Volusia County tied for most attacks The incidents occurred Saturday afternoon off New Smyrna Beach , which is 14 miles south of Daytona Beach and about 50 miles northeast of Orlando . One of the victims was in his 20s , while the other was in his mid-40s , according to the sheriff 's office . The number of shark bites has gone up and down in recent years in the United States , with 51 attacks in 2001 and 53 last year . In 2009 , there were only 29 , according to the Florida Museum of Natural History . More attacks take place off the Florida coast than in all of the other states combined . However , most shark bites do n't end up being fatal . The fatality rate in the United States is just 2 % . The last year that someone died in Florida due to a shark bite was 2010 , according to the museum .	The bites were within minutes of each other , authorities say Neither man 's injuries are considered life-threatening , the sheriff 's office says Florida has more shark bites than all other states combined , but few prove fatal
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The Atlanta Falcons have "  relinquished their contractual rights " to Michael Vick , one of the highest-paid players in professional sports before his conviction on dogfighting charges , the Falcons manager said Friday . Michael Vick will be confined to this Hampton , Virginia , house for the rest of his sentence . In a statement posted on the football team 's Web site , General Manager Thomas Dimitroff said , "  Michael remains suspended by the NFL -LSB- National Football League -RSB- . However , in the event NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell decides to reinstate Michael , we feel his best opportunity to re-engage his football career would be at another club . "  Our entire organization sincerely hopes that Michael will continue to focus his efforts on making positive changes in his life , and we wish him well in that regard , " Dimitroff said . The quarterback was drafted by the Falcons in 2001 , and played six seasons with the team . Vick , who will turn 29 on June 26 , pleaded guilty in August 2007 to a federal charge of bankrolling a dogfighting operation at a home he owned in Virginia . He was freed from the U.S. Penitentiary at Leavenworth , Kansas , on May 20 , and returned to his home in Hampton , Virginia , the following day . He will serve the last two months of his 23-month sentence in home confinement , his publicist , Judy Smith , said after his release . Vick could have returned to professional football as soon as September if reinstated by the NFL , said the sports agent who negotiated Vick 's 10-year , $ 140 million contract with the Falcons . Now , however , he has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy . A federal bankruptcy judge recently denied a plan presented by Vick and urged him to offer another plan to handle his debts . The original plan called for Vick to come up with $ 750,000 to $ 1 million in cash to be paid to creditors , U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Frank Santoro said , but he said he saw no evidence Vick could come up with that much . Santoro suggested Vick 's next plan not call for him to keep two houses and three cars , as did the rejected proposal . Vick , who acknowledged failing to handle his money well , told the judge he was earning 12 cents an hour as an overnight janitor in prison . He has offered to work with the Humane Society of the United States on anti-dogfighting campaigns , Humane Society President Wayne Pacelle has told CNN . He was to work on programs aimed at preventing youths from getting involved in dogfighting , and on programs to assist young people who have already been involved in the blood sport . In testimony before the bankruptcy judge , Vick acknowledged committing a "  heinous " act and said he should have acted more maturely .	Manager : Team has relinquished contractual rights to suspended pro football player If Vick is reinstated , best NFL opportunity would be "  at another club , " manager says Vick pleaded guilty in 2007 to a federal charge of bankrolling a dogfighting operation He will serve last two months of 23-month term in home confinement , publicist says
Bariloche , Argentina  CNN  -- During a visit to Argentina 11 years ago , Elena Durón Miranda was horrified to see children as young as 3 years old rummaging through a trash dump for food and valuable materials . "  I saw children collect green sausages , a bag of potato chip crumbs , a bag of noodles with cream , and recovered leftover yogurt next to a diaper , " said Durón Miranda , a Mexican psychologist who was visiting Bariloche to do research . "  The children began to gently clean the food -- wiping each little noodle , each potato and peeling the sausage skin so methodically and accurately . It was as if they had done this same activity many times . " Durón Miranda said there were maybe 200 children at the dump collecting things to eat and sell . "  At that moment in time , my son was the same age as many of them , " said Durón Miranda , now 41 . "  So that struck me as horrific . " Durón Miranda learned that many children in Bariloche , a popular city for skiers and tourists in southern Argentina , drop out of school and spend their lives working at the dump . Determined to restore their dignity , Durón Miranda decided to stay in the country and start a nonprofit called PETISOS , which stands for Prevención y Erradicación del Trabajo Infantil SOS  Prevention and Eradication of Child Labor SOS  . The organization aims to provide children with free education and extracurricular programs so they have an alternative to working . Today , approximately 200 boys and girls in Bariloche benefit from PETISOS . "  We carry out very personalized tracking of all the boys and girls we work with , " Durón Miranda said . "  We work with the families , we work with the schools , we work with the medical or health centers in order to ... get them out of the labor situation . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes When she was starting , Durón Miranda first set out to understand what was leading the children to work in the dump . "  I wanted to know what would lead a family to let this happen , " she said . "  What I did was set up camp inside the garbage dump and work with the children , right alongside them . I picked through garbage , too . I also watched how they got around , everything they did . So the families started to develop a lot of trust in me . " While Argentina has laws against child labor , the majority of working children do so for their families as unpaid laborers , according to the International Labor Organization . Parents do n't force their children to work , but the children join in at an early age because work activities often revolve around family networks . "  All parents want a better life for their children than what they had , " Durón Miranda said . "  However , there are times when their situation is so precarious they have no other way out but for the whole family to work and try to make ends meet . " PETISOS programs are open to anyone in the community , working or nonworking . But involving a working child can be a lengthy process . Durón Miranda and her team start by tracking a child and observing his or her work habits . After earning the child 's trust , which can often take between six months and a year , they set up a meeting with the child 's family . Then they develop an integrated plan for helping the child and try to get the family to understand the importance of education . "  When you work in situations where the context is one of such great poverty , it 's very difficult to talk to parents about the long term because usually they live in the immediate term , " Durón Miranda said . "  We tell them that a child that has more years of schooling has the opportunity to get a better job and eventually  make  more money than  they make  doing subsistence work . " PETISOS has a team of professionals and volunteers working with the children to ensure their growth . The children are enrolled in school and have a tracking group to make sure they attend . There are afterschool workshops held at the PETISOS headquarters , where children can get help with their homework or do art projects . And psychologists , doctors and social workers are also available to work with the children and their families . Family heads can also receive job training and child-rearing support . "  The parents are happy with the project because they realize we 're concerned about the children . ... We give them an incentive to have a better future , a different future , " Durón Miranda said . Oftentimes , there are several children from the same family in the PETISOS program . Rosa Del Carmen Aguilar is a single mother of seven who used to work in the garbage dump to provide for her family . Durón Miranda 's programs helped Aguilar get out of the dump and keep her children out of trouble . "  I did n't have a salary , I did n't have a job , and we always have the need , " Aguilar said . "  I resorted to her . She was the person I had the most trust in . ... The kids are moving forward , and we 've gone a long way . " The group is funded by grants and donations . As a result of PETISOS efforts , many children have gone on to graduate from high school and attend college . There are others who are working stable jobs , and many young women have started families and are more sensitive to the upbringing of their children . "  That 's very important for us , " Durón Miranda said . "  I think that 's where we start to break vicious cycles stemming from negligent upbringing and upbringing with mistreatment . I think that 's our greatest success to date . " Durón Miranda describes her job as "  full-life " rather than "  full-time , " but she said she ca n't imagine it any other way . "  The problems these boys and girls are living , and which we spend all our time on , are very painful , " she said . "  Fortunately , we have the capacity to transform pain into the desire to do something about it . " Want to get involved ? Check out this website to see how to help .	Elena Durón Miranda is helping Argentinian children through her nonprofit , PETISOS The group provides children with free education and extracurricular programs She started it 10 years ago after seeing kids at a trash dump in Bariloche Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- Love that chocolate Haagen-Dazs ice-cream ? But what about the way its makers treat their farmers ? How about KitKat and the way its production impacts the environment ? In a campaign to push big companies towards more ethical sourcing , international development group Oxfam is asking people to think about food producers ' attitudes towards issues such as climate change and workers ' rights the next time they dig into their favorite treat . Oxfam 's "  Behind the Brands " scorecard compares the way the 10 largest global food and drink companies do business . The report , first compiled last year , looks at transparency , women 's rights , farmers ' rights and land , water and climate sustainability . It relies on a "  naming and shaming " strategy which asks people to share their concerns about the industry on social networks . According to Oxfam , users asked companies to change their practices nearly 400,000 times since the campaign was first launched last February -- making their requests by sharing information on social media or printing out an information poster . A year after its launch , the campaign is now looking at how these companies have improved their business practices . Of the 10 biggest food and drink companies , nine made improvements to their policies in the last 12 months and improved their scores , Oxfam says . General Mills , the seller of Haagen-Dazs and Yoplait , was the only one to see their score drop . Oxfam 's assessment is not favorable . "  General Mills does n't recognize key issues like the right to earn a living wage , " the report said about the company that sells Betty Crocker , Cheerios , Haagen-Dazs or Old El Paso . General Mills , like other low-performing companies , blames Oxfam 's methodology for its poor scores . "  We do feel our efforts merit a stronger score , " the company 's spokesperson said . "  General Mills is strongly focused on sustainability , " a spokesperson for the company said in a statement to CNN . "  We regularly report our progress in our annual Global Responsibility Report . Our report tends not to mirror the Oxfam scorecard , and because the scorecard is based only on publicly available information , that may be a key factor in their ranking , " the statement said . Associated British Food , the brand behind Jordans cereals and global tea business Twinings , improved its score slightly compared to last year when it finished last -- but in this year 's report , Oxfam still highlights its lack of ethical sourcing policies . "  In reality , the group 's policies are much , much more effective than Oxfam gives it credit for , " a spokesperson for ABF , which finished second to last , told CNN . "  At ABF , we believe we have policies and practices in place to deliver a genuinely effective corporate responsibility strategy , " ABF said in a statement . At the other end of the spectrum are the companies Oxfam praises for their drive to change their sourcing attitudes . "  Nestle , Unilever and Coca-Cola have joined a race to the top on policies that help address issues like hunger , poverty , women 's rights , land grabs and climate change in their supply chains , " the report said . Nestle scored the highest marks on the issues of climate change and water usage , while Coca-Cola came top of the table at supporting women 's rights . Unilever , the owner of Ben & Jerry 's and Lipton got thumbs up from Oxfam for their support of small-scale farmers . But Oxfam says even the top-ranking companies still have a long way to go . "  It will take time for them to reverse a 100-year history of relying on cheap land and labor to make mass products at huge profits but at high social and environmental costs . The race to the top is under way and there are clear leaders and laggards , " Byanyima added . Read more : Unwrapping the chocolate industry Read more : Do you put your ethics where your mouth is ?	Oxfam 's new "  Behind the Brands " scorecard ranks the policies of the world 's 10 biggest food and drink companies The report looks at transparency , women 's rights , farmers ' rights , and land , water and climate sustainability Nestle , Unilever and Coca-Cola finished top , with General Mills and ABF at the bottom
CNN  -- One in four adults worldwide are "  deeply infected with anti-Semitic attitudes , " the Anti-Defamation League announced , in releasing results of an unprecedented global survey . Nearly half have never heard of the Holocaust , and only a third believe historical descriptions are accurate , the survey found . Carried out by First International Resources and commissioned by the Anti-Defamation League , the survey included 53,100 adults in 102 countries representing 88 % of the world 's adult population . In native languages , it asked people whether certain traditionally anti-Semitic statements are probably true or false , including that Jews have too much power over international markets , global media , and the U.S. government ; that they "  do n't care about what happens to anyone but their own kind , " and that "  Jews are responsible for most of the world 's wars . " The survey then calculated how many believed that at least six of the 11 stereotypes were probably true . In the Middle East and North Africa , 74 % did . In Eastern Europe , one in three did , and in Western Europe and sub-Saharan Africa , nearly one in four believed most of the stereotypes . Overall , 26 % believed at least six of the stereotypes -- a figure representing an estimated 1.1 billion people . The most widely believed stereotype was that Jews are more loyal to Israel than to the countries in which they live . "  For the first time we have a real sense of how pervasive and persistent anti-Semitism is today around the world , " ADL National Director Abraham Foxman said in a statement . "  The data from the Global 100 Index enables us to look beyond anti-Semitic incidents and rhetoric and quantify the prevalence of anti-Semitic attitudes across the globe . We can now identify hotspots , as well as countries and regions of the world where hatred of Jews is essentially nonexistent . " In Laos , only 0.2 % of the adult population holds anti-Semitic views , the survey found . Also at the bottom of the list were the Philippines , Sweden and the Netherlands . In the United States , 9 % of respondents believed the majority of the stereotypes . The highest levels were found in the Palestinian territories at 93 % and Iraq at 92 % . Yemen , Algeria , Libya and Tunisia were next . In Asia , less than a quarter of respondents had heard of the Holocaust and believed historical accounts are accurate . In sub-Saharan Africa , that figured dropped to 12 % ; in the Middle East and North Africa , 8 % . Three quarters of the people surveyed said they 've never met a Jewish person . That figure includes most of the people who believe a majority of the anti-Semitic stereotypes are probably true . Former NYPD officer charged with hate crimes in anti-Semitic vandalism Opinion : Why do racists and anti-Semites kill ?	Survey finds 26 % of the world 's adults are "  deeply infected " with anti-Semitism , the ADL says Nearly half have never heard of the Holocaust In the U.S. , 9 % believed the majority of negative stereotypes Three in four adults have never met a Jewish person
CNN  -- Previously missing police records on the 1986 shooting death of the brother of Alabama professor Amy Bishop -- accused of gunning down her colleagues last week -- have been found , and investigators said Tuesday they back a state police report that deemed the shooting an accident . The Braintree , Massachusetts , police records show that police in 1986 believed they had probable cause to arrest Bishop on some charges in her brother 's death . However , no charges were filed in that case . Bishop is charged with capital murder and three counts of attempted murder in a Friday shooting at the University of Alabama in Huntsville , where she was a biology professor . She is eligible for the death penalty in Alabama . Authorities have said Bishop shot her brother , Seth , at the family 's Braintree home in December 1986 . A state police report on the 1986 incident was released to the news media over the weekend , but Braintree police said their records of the shooting were missing until Tuesday . Probable cause existed in 1986 for charges of assault with a dangerous weapon , carrying a dangerous weapon and unlawful possession of ammunition , according to a statement issued Tuesday by the office of Norfolk County , Massachusetts , District Attorney William Keating . The statute of limitations has passed on those charges , as well as on a potential charge of "  wanton and reckless conduct , " the lowest standard for manslaughter in Massachusetts , according to the statement . The recovered documents do n't contradict previously released information about the account of the siblings ' mother , who told police she witnessed the shooting and said it was accidental , according to the statement . The statement did not explain how the records came to be missing or when or how they were found . The December 6 , 1986 , shooting of Seth Bishop came under renewed scrutiny after Friday 's shooting at the University of Alabama in Huntsville . Authorities said Bishop , also known as Amy Bishop Anderson , was attending a faculty meeting in a university building when she shot six colleagues . She was arrested as she was leaving the building . On Saturday , Braintree Police Chief Paul Frazier told reporters that the department 's records pertaining to the 1986 shooting were missing . Braintree Mayor Joseph Sullivan announced Sunday a search for the documents had been started , which resulted in the find announced Tuesday . Describing the 1986 shooting on Saturday , Frazier said that Bishop had fled her home with a gun after she shot her brother and had unsuccessfully attempted to pull over a driver in a vehicle . The newly recovered documents do not refer to an incident involving a vehicle . Frazier also said that police spotted Bishop and arrested her nearby , but she eventually was released . "  I can not tell you what the thought process was behind our releasing her at the time , " he said Saturday about the decades-old case . A 1987 state police report released over the weekend cited interviews between police and Bishop 's parents , in which her mother said the gun discharged accidentally . Braintree police told state police investigators that "  indications were that Amy Bishop had been attempting to manipulate the shotgun and had subsequently brought the gun downstairs in an attempt to gain assistance from her mother in disarming the weapon " when it went off , shooting her brother in the chest . Read the report on the 1986 shooting But Frazier said Saturday that Officer Ronald Solimini , who was involved in the case 23 years ago , said that Bishop had shot her brother during an argument . John Polio , who was Braintree police chief in 1986 , also said he recalled reports of an argument between the two . But neither the 1987 state police report nor the newly found documents detail a disagreement between the siblings . The state report references a disagreement between Bishop and her father , who was not home when the shooting occurred . In an uncovered December 6 , 1986 , record , then-police Lt. James Sullivan wrote that Bishop "  stated earlier there had been a family ` spat ' and she had gone to her room .  Unknown at this time how much earlier this family ` spat ' had been  . " Police decided not to file charges , the December 6 , 1986 , report by Sullivan indicates , because "  with the current information it would appear to be an accidental shooting . "	NEW : Massachusetts police department 's '86 records do n't dispute state report Amy Bishop , accused of killing colleagues in Alabama Friday , shot brother in ' 86 , police say Bishop was n't charged in 1986 shooting ; mother told police it was an accident Bishop charged with killing three people , trying to kill three others on Friday
London  CNN  -- Two men accused of murder in British soldier Lee Rigby 's killing in May pleaded not guilty Friday at the Old Bailey criminal court in London . Michael Adebowale , 22 , and Michael Adebolajo , 28 , also both pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to murder a police officer and to attempted murder of a police officer . They are scheduled to go on trial at the Old Bailey on November 18 . The two men appeared at Friday 's hearing by video link . Adebolajo is also known as Mujaahid Abu Hamza , a court document said , and Adebowale as Ismail Ibn Abdullah . Rigby was killed in an attack near the Royal Artillery Barracks in the southeast London neighborhood of Woolwich on May 22 .	Michael Adebowale and Michael Adebolajo plead not guilty to charges in soldier 's death The two suspects are due to go on trial in November Soldier Lee Rigby was killed in a daylight attack near a London barracks in May
CNN  -- With Thursday marking exactly a year to go until the Winter Olympics at Sochi , U.S. ski star Lindsey Vonn faces a race against time to make the Games . The 28-year-old suffered a season-ending injury at the women 's super-G in Austria Tuesday and faces surgery on ruptured knee ligaments and a lateral tibial plateau following a dramatic crash . Vonn , who won the downhill gold at the 2010 Olympics in Vancouver , received 12 minutes of treatment on the slope before being flown to hospital by helicopter . Vonn injures knee in race crash Expected recovery times from ruptured knee ligaments vary from between six to eight months , but Vonn is adamant she will be back in action ahead of next year 's event in Russia . "  First off I want to say thank you to the amazing medical staff that cared for me , " she said . "  I plan on returning to Vail  Colorado  as soon as I can to have the necessary surgeries . "  I am also grateful to my fans for the outpouring of support , which has really helped me stay positive . "  I can assure you that I will work as hard as humanly possible to be ready to represent my country next year in Sochi . " Vonn has emerged successfully from past injuries , coming back from a shocking crash in downhill training at the 2006 Olympics , which left her with a badly bruised back . In 2007 , her season was brought to an abrupt halt with a badly twisted right knee in slalom training at the Are world championships . Victorious Vonn closes on World Cup record She also suffered a broken finger at the 2010 Olympics , an event which she competed with a shin injury . And with Sochi on the horizon , U.S. teammate Ted Ligety , who won the men 's super-G Wednesday also offered Vonn his support . "  That was tough , that was a brutal-looking crash , " Ligety said . "  Hopefully , I 'm sure she 'll be strong again next year and fight back and she 'll be back to where she was . "  Ski racing is a sport where you have so many teammates get injured and it 's such a huge part of the sport that if an athlete ever let that get to them they would never do good ever . "  Because it 's such a dangerous sport , it 's something that 's such a norm having teammates get injured that you ca n't worry about it because you need to worry about yourself and try to hammer hard and be safe yourself . " Knee injury not ` career-ender '	Lindsay Vonn insists she will return from injury to take part at 2014 Winter Olympics U.S. star airlifted to hospital after crashing out of action at women 's super-G Tuesday Vonn facing between six to eight months out after rupturing knee ligaments U.S. teammates rally to offer support to injured star
CNN  -- Land of the free . Home of the brave . Bastion of mediocre Internet speeds . Already getting clobbered by countries like South Korea and Japan , the United States is close to falling out of the top 10 nations in terms of Internet-connection speeds , according to a new report . The United States fell from 8th to 9th after being passed by Sweden in the first quarter of this year , according to networking firm Akamai 's quarterly State of the Internet report . Akamai handles about one-third of the world 's Web traffic . The other countries with quicker Web connections than the United States ? Hong Kong , Switzerland , Netherlands , Latvia and the Czech Republic . Why Internet connections are fastest in South Korea The slip comes despite average U.S. speeds going up 27 % from the same time last year , according to Akamai . In some ways , the United States is at a disadvantage when it comes to fast connections . Its sprawling size and hefty population can make building efficient broadband networks a challenge . But critics argue that a relative lack of competition among service providers also hurts . Susan Crawford , a tech policy analyst and professor at Cardozo Law School in New York City , argues that Internet access should be a public utility like gas , electricity and water because it has become just as essential . In her book , "  Captive Audience : The Telecom Industry and Monopoly in the New Guilded Age , " she says a lack of regulation in the Unites States has allowed a small number of companies to dominate the broadband market , meaning consumers have fewer choices and pay higher prices . "  In Seoul , when you move into an apartment , you have a choice of three or four providers selling you symmetric fiber access for $ 30 per month , and installation happens in one day , " Crawford told TIME earlier this year . "  That 's unthinkable in the United States . And the idea that the country that invented the Internet ca n't get online is beyond my imagination . " Akamai reported that the average Web connection in the United States was 8.6 megabits per second . South Korea 's average was 14.2 megabits per second . Of course , some folks in the United States have it better than others . In some regions of the country , residents still do n't even have basic connections to high-speed Internet . But if you live or work in Vermont , you 're in pretty good shape . Average speeds there are 12.7 megabits per second -- meaning connections in the Green Mountain State are , on average , faster than Japan 's . Looking for speedy Internet elsewhere in the U.S. ? New Hampshire , Delaware , the District of Columbia and Utah round out the top five spots .	Report says United States has 9th-fastest Internet speed in the world That 's down from 8th last year , as the U.S. is leapfrogged by Sweden Geography , population , industry are factors South Korea has fastest connections , 60 % quicker than United States
CNN  -- The H1N1 virus has now become the dominant influenza virus around the globe , with high levels and an increase of activity in many regions , the World Health Organization said Thursday . In a weekly update , the WHO 's point person on the H1N1 virus , Dr. Keiji Fukuda , also warned the public not to treat the virus like just another flu . Like seasonal flu , H1N1 is more active in the winter than in the summer , and a majority of infected people get better on their own , Fukuda said . H1N1 also is as transmissible and infectious as seasonal flu , he said . But unusually for influenza , Fukuda said , H1N1 continues at high levels over the summer months , and many of the serious illnesses and deaths are concentrated in people younger than 65 . Seven months into the pandemic , the virus commonly known as swine flu remains at high levels and continues to increase in North America , Fukuda said . Mexico , for example , has seen more cases from September to November than they saw in the preceding months from April , when the virus emerged , he said . The virus is also becoming more active in Europe and Central and Western Asia , Fukuda said . Health officials this week reported an outbreak of cases in Ukraine , which now has more than 250,000 cases of influenza-like illness , with 235 patients requiring intensive care , the WHO said . Activity is picking up in East Asia , Fukuda said . Mongolia reported "  a number " of cases over the past week , he said . "  East Asia is one of the parts of the world where seasonal influenza viruses have remained in reasonably high circulation , " Fukuda said . "  But even in that part of the world , the pandemic virus is becoming dominant . " More cases are being reported from a number of Caribbean countries such as Cuba and Haiti , he said . In Central America and the Southern Hemisphere , however , activity levels have dropped as those regions enter the summer season , Fukuda said . "  There are several regions in the world -- North America , Europe , Northern and Central Asia -- where we are clearly seeing pandemic influenza activity increase , " he said , but "  there is no one single place in the world where we are focused on . " Disease activity has been difficult to predict , Fukuda said . "  We really are not going to know what the future is going to bring , and so the main focus of our effort here is ... what steps are needed to make sure countries are as prepared as possible to deal with disease levels , " he said . H1N1 poses different challenges in different countries , but it does seem to be affecting indigenous groups more heavily than nonindigenous groups , he said . In Australia , for example , "  aboriginal groups are disproportionately represented in people who end up in hospitals from diseases related to the pandemic , " Fukuda said . The WHO still does n't know whether the effect on indigenous groups is because of the pandemic itself or because of underlying factors . Because most people infected with swine flu tend to recover on their own and do n't suffer major problems afterwards , some people are tempted to dismiss the infection and think it 's not serious . But Fukuda said that 's a dangerous mind-set . "  At WHO , we remain quite concerned about the patterns we are seeing , particularly because a sizable number of people develop complications -LSB- that lead to death -RSB- , " he said . "  We do see that the serious complications are concentrated in the younger age groups rather than the older age groups . " While the complications are most often seen in people who have chronic , underlying health conditions and in pregnant women , they also can develop in people "  who are currently healthy and young . " But contrary to some reports , Fukuda said , the WHO has not seen big mutations in the virus since it first emerged . He said viruses being isolated now are "  generally similar " to those isolated over the past several months , indicating they have n't changed much . The WHO also has no evidence of widespread resistance to antiviral medication , Fukuda said . There have been sporadic instances of resistance to oseltamivir -- the generic name for Tamiflu , one of the main drugs used against influenza -- but such cases are still "  isolated and infrequent , " he said . "  Antivirals are quite useful against these infections , " he said . Fukuda praised as "  innovative " the decision by Norway to distribute antiviral medication over the counter for a limited period of time . The move can help take stress off the primary health system and allow patients to get the medicine more quickly , he said . Other useful protections against H1N1 are vaccines , which the WHO recommends against pandemic infections , Fukuda said . "  These vaccines now have been used in a significant number of countries ... and based on this experience , in which millions of people have now received vaccine , we in fact see that these vaccines are very safe , " he said . The only side effects are swelling and pain at the injection site , but "  these are occurring at rates that are expected and usually seen with seasonal influenza vaccine , " Fukuda said . "  WHO , along with other public health authorities , believes that these vaccines are very useful against pandemic infections and -LSB- we -RSB- do support their use , " he said .	H1N1 continues at high levels over the summer months , unlike seasonal flu The flu seems to affect indigenous groups more heavily than nonindigenous groups The only side effects of the vaccine are swelling and pain at the injection site WHO has not seen big mutations in the virus since it first emerged
CNN  -- Inventors across the country are being asked to find a way to lighten the load U.S. soldiers carry on their backs -- largely due to the high-tech gear that uses batteries -- and the solution will be decided in a $ 1 million contest . The military wants to lighten the load troops carry into combat . The Department of Defense is asking a person or team to come up with a way to lessen the weight of the 20-40 pounds of batteries a solider carries on a typical four-day mission . The batteries power everything from soldiers ' GPS systems to their night-vision goggles . "  In many missions the batteries are heavier than the ammunition they are carrying , " said Dr. William S. Rees Jr. , Deputy Undersecretary of Defense for Laboratories and Basic Sciences -- whose office , the Director of Defense Research and Engineering , is sponsoring the prize competition . "  We 'd like to reverse that ratio . " Some missions require as much as 100 pounds of equipment , according to Brig. General Mark Brown who commands the Army 's Program Executive Office Soldier program . See what troops are carrying and wearing into combat " "  Any weight reduction on batteries would really help us out , " Army Spc. Daniel Tinsely , currently serving in Iraq , told CNN 's Federick Pleitgen . Watch as Tinsely explains the gear he carries and the batteries required " "  It 's a challenge we 've had in the military forever , " said CNN military analyst retired Army Brig. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks . Marks says one of the best things to help out the soldiers would be to give them a "  power pack " that 's miniaturized -- one that can last a long time and does n't weigh much . And that 's the key to winning the $ 1 million . The whole prototype must weigh 8.8 pounds  4 kilograms  or less and produce 20 watts average power for 4 days or 96 hours . It has to be wearable , like a vest , and will undergo rigorous testing . The entry that can demonstrate a wearable electric power system that can provide 96 hours of equipment operation at 8.8 pounds or less , will take first place and the $ 1 million . Systems coming in second and third place will receive $ 500,000 and $ 250,000 . The contest , announced July 5 , will take place in the fall of 2008 . It is open to individuals and teams and the DDR&E hopes to attract entrepreneurs as well as traditional defense contractors . This is the first cash prize giveaway by the DDR&E , Rees added . "  We welcome all players to the game , " he said . An individual must be a U.S. citizen and at least 21 years old . A team can be comprised of non-citizens but the team leader must be a U.S. citizen at least 21 years old . During the five-day competition , the top performing systems will take part in an eight-hour trial meant to mimic real life troop activities . Competitors will strap on their prototypes and "  subject their power systems to periods of walking , lying prone , outdoor environmental conditions , potentially short-term cold chambers and off-wearer operation in an airtight container . " The judging panel will consist of government scientists , engineers and military personnel . The military hopes these power packs may also have commercial use in camping , hiking and other outdoor activities . First responders could power radios and search lights with the new technology , Rees suggested . "  You could run a small refrigerator off of it , " he added . In September the military will hold a public meeting to brief potential competitors on technical details , the rules and qualification requirements . The registration deadline is November 30 , 2007 . E-mail to a friend	Military : $ 1 million prize for a wearable electric power system for U.S. troops Power system must weigh 8.8 pounds  4 kilograms  or less It has to produce 20 watts average power for 4 days The contest , to be held in the fall of 2008 , is open to individuals and teams
Dresden , Germany  CNN  -- To understand the full beauty of the ancient Mediterranean city of Rome you have to come to wintry , cold Germany . In the east German city of Dresden , artist Yadegar Asisi has designed a panoramic scene of epic proportions , breathing life into a long-forgotten view of the Italian capital . Using a detailed and much-praised painting by Alexander von Wagner and Josef BÃ 1/4 hlmann from 1886 as his inspiration , Asisi painted a first draft of Rome 's cityscape in 1994 . Nearly 17 years later , an even more impressive version has gone on display ; it will remain in Dresden only until September -- a deliberate decision by the artist . "  To me art is a constant process . I always want to improve my panoramic scenes , " Asisi told CNN . His 360 degree view of Rome in 312 AD is 27 meters high , 107 meters long and weighs 750 kilograms -- making it one of the world 's largest panoramic scenes . Visitors overlook the city from a 15 meter high metallic tower located in the center of the perfectly circular museum : Standing on top of the tower , viewers feel they are part of Rome -- though sadly unable to wander down the stairs and walk to the Colosseum . Asisi chose as his subject a historical moment , the influence of which is still felt in Europe and around the world today : The triumphal procession of the Emperor Constantine the Great on October 29 , 312 . Constantine 's brutal success over his rivals marked the beginning of the Christian West . At that time Rome was vital to Europe , and the days when many of its magnificent buildings would lie in ruins were a long way off . "  Moments that have shaped our world have a huge impact on my art " , said Asisi , sitting in his large Berlin studio , its walls filled with his paintings and photographs of ancient buildings or old reliefs . "  But this panoramic scene is not really about showing a cityscape , it is more about the stories hidden within the city , " Asisi said . The panorama is a museum that needs no words to tell its stories . An art form dating back to 19th century Europe , panoramas fell out of fashion with the coming of the cinema . But why are people so fascinated ? "  It seems Asisi 's artistically and archaeologically-underpinned reconstruction of an ancient cityscape fills a large audience with enthusiasm for panoramic scenes and classical antiquity even today , " said Andreas Scholl , director of Berlin 's antiquities collection . Asisi has created a second historic panorama showing the ancient Greek city of Pergamon  today located in Turkey  , which is currently on show at Scholl 's Pergamonmuseum , on the Museum Island in Berlin . Asisi has been working on super-sized 360 degree panoramas since 1994 . It takes him at least a year to design a single work , with previous subjects including Mount Everest and rainforests . "  Over the years the way panoramas were made has changed dramatically . I love to design on the computer as well as painting in the traditional way " , Asisi said . Today music samples , lighting and special effects are used to increase the impact of the panoramas , which change throughout the day , allowing visitors to see them by daylight or night . Asisi has formed a symbiotic relationship between science and art : To him research is as important as artistic know-how . "  I do n't know whether my work is art or science . Probably it is both : Art starts where science stops , " he said . His passion for details has taken him to Rome countless times -- and visitors ' reactions suggest all that study has been worth the effort . "  This panorama is fascinating , " said Rene Gust , 32 , from Berlin . "  I have read about the beautiful Roman buildings lots of times before . But only now I understand why . " "  It is amazing to see how they go out of the museum , " Asisi said . "  Lots of them are touched by the painting . "  I hope that the emotional connection between the panorama and the visitor will change their relationship with their environment . " Having grown up in the former German Democratic Republic  GDR  some of his art focuses on social issues . He is planning a panorama of the Berlin Wall , but says that rather than examining the cruelties of the GDR regime , it will instead focus on a normal day in the once-split Berlin . "  To me it is extremely interesting why so many people in the former GDR did accept to live in such a country , " he said . "  Many people - including me . " Meanwhile his panoramas are exciting more and more interest overseas . In 2003 , Asisi drew a panorama for Daniel Libeskind which showed the architect 's plans for the Ground Zero site in New York . Libeskind won the tendering process , and his design is currently under construction . It was Asisi 's first panorama to not only fake reality - but create it . "  And there is much more to come , " Asisi said . Yadegar Asisi 's Rome 312 : Experience the Ancient Metropolis is on display in Dresden until September 2 , 2012 . Pergamon : Panorama of the Ancient Metropolis is on view in Berlin until September 30 , 2012 .	German artist Yadegar Asisi specializes in super-sized panorama paintings 360 degree views of the ancient cities of Rome and Pergamon on display in Dresden and Berlin The Rome panorama is 27 meters high , 107 meters long and weighs 750 kilograms Each work takes at least a year to create , and is enhanced with lighting effects and music
CNN  -- Some folks in Texas think it would be a good idea if they tore down what has been called the "  Eighth Wonder of the World " and replaced it with a park . The Astrodome , which opened in April 1965 as an engineering marvel , has n't had a tenant since 2003 when the Houston Rodeo moved to a new stadium next door .  The Astros scooted away after the 1999 season  . Last year , Houston residents said they were n't going to spring for a property tax increase that would have helped pay to turn the now-dilapidated dome into a spiffy , green convention center . 25 years on the ` dead stadium ' tour So Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo and the Houston Texans , who also play at NRG Stadium , asked two firms to come up with some potential uses of the land . One is a $ 66 million greenspace that , if they got started soon , could be ready in time for the 2017 Super Bowl . The site would feature columns on which great moments or players or entertainers would be remembered . "  Although the option does include removal of the NRG Astrodome building itself , it pays homage to the history , heritage and culture of the Dome , " the rodeo said on its website . "  The plan is constructed so that anyone who visits the space will have the ability to learn about the relevant events held in the Dome and about its unique history . " Wrigley Field 100 years later Joe Stinebaker , a spokesperson for Harris County Judge Ed Emmett , said this does n't mean the Astrodome is coming down any time soon . "  Anybody and their brother can make a proposal , " Stinebaker said . "  This is not a county proposal . This is coming from tenant NRG Park . The county does not have a proposal pending nor is there a timetable . " On Twitter , he said that only the commissioners will decide the fate of the first domed sports stadium in the world . And he said the judge does n't want the dome knocked down .	The Astrodome opened in 1965 but has n't had a tenant since 2003 The world 's first sports dome is next to the stadium where the Houston Texans play Architects drew up plans for a greenspace on the site where fans could gather County welcomes the plan , but official says they will make final decision
Moore , Oklahoma  CNN  Christopher Legg , a 9-year-old who loved football and was known to tackle people with a bear hug and a smile , huddled on top of a classmate as a tornado barreled through their elementary school here in central Oklahoma one year ago this week . A wall crushed and killed Christopher , his mother told me ; but he shielded the other student from the rubble and saved her life . In the year since that tornado , Danni Legg , 41 , has been working tirelessly to convince Oklahoma lawmakers that the best way to honor her son 's legacy is to try to equip every school in the state with a tornado shelter or safe room . She 's given dozens of interviews and granted more than 100 speaking requests . She 's gathered signatures for a petition and walked the halls of the state Capitol . Her argument seems to fit the definition of reasonable : Students are required to attend school ; therefore , schools should be required to ensure they are safe from violent storms . It also comes with an emotional gut-punch : Her son 's elementary school , Plaza Towers , in Moore , Oklahoma , did not have a storm shelter . Christopher 's life , and those of six other students who died in that EF5 storm , might have been spared if the state or school had protected them . "  Something good 's got ta come out of this , " Danni Legg told me . It should , but there 's little sign the state is listening . Related : Walking the 17-mile path of the tornado Efforts to fund or require shelters statewide so far have been snarled in the political process , with Republicans and Democrats disagreeing about how to fund upgrades . Republicans , in a plan endorsed by Gov. Mary Fallin , want to let school districts hold local elections to decide if they should issue extra bonds to pay for construction . To Legg and others , including a prominent Democrat , that plan does nothing to actually create shelters . It only asks districts if they want to take out extra bonds to pay for improvements . They want a franchise tax on corporations to be used to fund improvements statewide . The bickering has done little to improve policy . Frustrated , Legg figures if you ca n't beat 'em , join 'em . She 's running for a seat in the state Legislature on a pro-shelter platform . Moore , the city hardest hit , updated its building codes to require new homes to be built with safer garage doors and with roofs that are fastened to the walls . That 's been heralded as a big improvement . Better , however , would be requiring storm shelters with all new construction -- for both schools and residences . Currently , far too many students in Oklahoma remain unprotected . A survey commissioned by the office of Oklahoma Rep. Joe Dorman , a Democrat who favors statewide shelter funding , found more than 60 % of the 1,804 public schools surveyed in Oklahoma say they do not have a shelter or safe room . That leaves more than 500,000 students and staff in the state without shelter . Efforts to improve school safety often have been criticized as overly expensive . The SAFE Design Group , an architectural firm that analyzed the survey , estimated it would cost up to $ 880 million to put safe rooms in the 1,109 unprotected schools . Related : One block , two storms As Legg and others see it , however , that money would save lives . And she 's not demanding all the improvements be made at once . When we met on Sunday afternoon , Legg arrived on crutches and was wearing the same leopard-print blouse she wore the day the tornado tore through central Oklahoma , taking her son 's life and those of 23 others . We spent much of our time talking about her Christopher -- about how he was larger than life , both in terms of his cheery disposition and because of a disorder that caused him to grow at an unnatural rate . As an infant , he was "  all arms and legs , " impossible to contain . By third grade , Christopher was 5-foot-6 and already dreaming big . He wanted to play football at Oklahoma State -- wanted eventually to work as a fireman . "  He was so loving and vibrant and full of life . " And he was too tall to fit into a child 's casket , she told me . When the tornado warnings came on May 20 , 2013 , Legg did n't think much of it . She 'd lived through another killer tornado that hit central Oklahoma in 1999 . She lost her house in that storm , which was located in a neighboring suburb of Oklahoma City . She decided to rebuild in Moore , she told me , because it had been at the epicenter of that 1999 storm . She figured storms that big would n't hit twice . Related : Remembering the victims She would never be so shortsighted again . The year since the tornado has been a "  living hell . " She 's lost 40 pounds from stress and says her husband has gained that many . She does n't sleep through the night . Her 12-year-old son gets panicky any time the sky is cloudy , as it was on Sunday , or the wind blows hard , as it does almost every day in the Great Plains . The depths of her sorrow are almost impossible to explain . "  When a mother has a child , that is a little bit of her running around outside " in the world , she said . "  Outside of her body is this little piece of your heart . ... "  That was a part of me . That was my son . " Her coping mechanism has been to push for change . Fed up with how little was happening to put shelters in schools , the mother and former school worker decided she 's going to run for the state House of Representatives as a Republican . The campaign actually is the reason she 's on crutches . She broke her foot stumbling on a tree root , she said , while she was putting up campaign signs in the zone hit by the tornado . The Republican primary will be held in June . Legg never planned to be a politician , and does n't like the attention of speaking so often in public about these issues , she told me . But maybe what the state Legislature needs is a mom . "  We have misguided ourselves into thinking it 's not going to happen to us , " she said . But the state needs to wake up and realize is that it can and will happen again . After the storm , Legg considered leaving Moore , avoiding it all . But she thought about her kids -- and others across the state . "  I wanted to prove to my children -- just like my daddy taught me -- if a horse kicks you off , you get back on , " said Legg , who grew up on a farm . "  I wanted them to understand this town did not kill their brother . " This mom , who describes herself as "  competitive as snot , " does n't plan to quit pushing for greater access to tornado shelters , whether she wins the race or not . She has the legacy of a hero to protect . And the state would be wise to listen .	It 's been one year since a tornado killed 24 people in central Oklahoma John Sutter talks with the mother of a 9-year-old boy who died Danni Legg is now devoting her life to getting storm shelters in schools
The United States and China have the most important bilateral relationship in the world . Whether they can develop a constructive , cooperative relationship or whether they become each others ' greatest nightmare has enormous consequences for each country and for the capacity of the international system to manage regional and global issues . Both leaderships recognize what is at stake , which explains why , despite many disagreements , Washington and Beijing constantly stress the importance of building ties . The two governments conduct more than 60 formal dialogues a year and engage each other daily , to a far greater extent than most people realize . Despite these efforts , each country has an underlying and growing distrust of the other 's long-term intentions . Such distrust is corrosive , casting even well-intentioned actions and initiatives in a negative light . When President Nixon opened the door to Beijing 40 years ago , nobody imagined that U.S.-China relations would develop to this point . But extensive governmental contacts between the nations , economic interdependence and huge flows of students and tourists back and forth have failed to stem the growth of underlying mutual distrust . That distrust could well create a self-fulfilling prophecy of eventual confrontation . A key problem is that neither government is confident that it understands how the other sees the future of their relationship . Although each side senses distrust in the other , the real reasons for that attitude are unclear . So , how do they separate propaganda efforts designed to manipulate from sincere concerns ? Because this is such a tough and consequential problem , I teamed up with one of China 's leading America specialists to write a report that lays out the underlying worries that each side has about the other and , especially , why they have these deep concerns . Our report was published simultaneously last week in English and Chinese . My colleague wrote , in unvarnished fashion , about the analysis that leads many policymakers in China to believe the ultimate goal of the United States is to constrain or disrupt China 's rise and to undermine its political system . I wrote about U.S. hopes for a normal major power relationship with China over the long run and the reasons why many American policymakers are increasingly concerned that this may prove impossible . The reasons are complicated . In part , they include the inevitable tensions that arise when a global balance of power is changing . My colleague and I expect that America will retain its leading role for many years to come , but the gap between U.S. and Chinese power and position is narrowing . Because of that , many in China fear the United States might resort to anti-Chinese measures to maintain its lead . American officials worry not so much that China will rise , but that Beijing will believe it can only do so at direct cost to the United States . Our enormously different political systems exacerbate this distrust . Neither side understands very well the political and institutional constraints in the other 's system , and both are inclined to assume the other is more strategic , centralized and internally disciplined than it is . Neither is certain that it knows when the other is being honest about its domestic political constraints , and both tend to take random events as reflections of strategic intent . Beijing views America 's pro-democracy foreign policy as aimed , in part , at changing China 's system , while Washington inherently distrusts the motives and actions of authoritarian governments . And unsurprisingly , both sides have partially institutionalized distrust in their militaries , intelligence agencies , and offices focused on cybersecurity . Distrust about long-term intentions is thus grounded in complicated narratives in both countries . Neither side wants an adversarial relationship , but both worry that it may become unavoidable . And extensive efforts to build mutual trust to date are not working . New measures are necessary . Both governments must discuss , in depth , topics they have been avoiding . What overall military postures in Asia will both permit China to meet its vital security needs and enable America to defend its allies and interests ? What kinds of mutual restraint can help bring about this outcome ? How does each side view potential developments on the Korean Peninsula over the coming decade , and how would both plan to react to each scenario ? America conducts surveillance activities just outside China 's territorial waters that Beijing views as hostile and degrading . Could China provide some type of increased military transparency that could change this ? Could the military component of the Taiwan issue be reduced ? Understanding views of the long term , clarifying thinking on key military issues and devising concrete efforts to build mutual confidence are the initiatives that could alter the perceptions in Washington and Beijing that enhance distrust . The future can be shaped by intelligent actions , but those must be based on clear recognition of the reasons why each side fears the future intentions of the other .	Kenneth Lieberthal : U.S. and China have the most important bilateral relationship in the world Although the nations stress cooperation , he says , each side distrusts the other 's intentions Lieberthal : China believes U.S. wants to stop its rise and change its political system Military topics must be discussed in depth , he writes , and confidence needs to be built
Dakar , Senegal  CNN  -- Polls closed Sunday in Senegal where citizens voted in an election overshadowed by violence as protesters demand the elderly president refrain from seeking another term . President Abdoulaye Wade , 85 , was booed and jeered when he cast his ballot at a polling station in the middle-class neighborhood of Point E . He did not address the crowd , looked visibly frustrated at one point , and made some sort of gesture to the crowd , which also included some of his supporters . If a candidate does not win 50 % of the vote , a runoff election will be held next month in the West African nation . "  We 've had enough of this regime of thieves and assassins . We will defeat them here , " said Cheikh Gassama , a voter at the Point E station . As the president arrived , he and other chanted "  Na Dem , " which means "  step down " in Senegal 's predominant Wolof language . Senegal is one of the continent 's most stable democracies . Past elections have included a smooth transition of power , a rarity in a region with a history of election chaos , civil wars and coups . Turnout on Sunday was low , according to Thijs Berman , chief observer of the European Union monitoring mission . "  Early in the morning , you saw long queues of people in front of polling stations but , later in the day , there were much less people and it seems that the turnout is below 50 % , " he said . "  There was high political tension before these elections , so it is surprising that so few people came to vote . " Wade is seeking re-election despite deadly demonstrations after the country 's highest court cleared him to seek a third term . Protests have occurred in Senegal since the Constitutional Council 's January 27 ruling . Opposition demonstrators argue that the court was compromised and the constitution limits presidents to two terms . The incumbent successfully argued that he is exempt because he took office before the term limit was put in place . The president , who has been in office since 2000 , was once hailed as a visionary , but his popularity has plummeted . "  Wade built schools , roads and hospitals , " said Ayo Johnson , an analyst on African affairs . "  His leadership has now failed . ... There are increasing levels of poverty , inequality , lack of jobs and an increasing numbers of disillusioned youth . " Wade ran against 13 other candidates on Sunday 's ballot . "  Senegal is at a crossroad . A people whose patience has run out , a leader who 's out of touch , a constitution not reflective of popular sentiments and an opposition that is unable to put aside party differences with a common purpose to defeat Wade , " Johnson said . Protesters calling for his ouster have clashed on the streets , with at least three people killed during demonstrations last weekend , an opposition leader said . At least two others died in previous clashes . A presidential spokesman has accused opposition candidates and their supporters of fueling "  urban guerrilla warfare " leading up to Sunday 's vote . But Amath Dansokho , head of the opposition June 23 Movement , blamed police for the escalating violence , saying they were responsible for some deaths during demonstrations in Dakar and Rufisque this month . The presidential spokesman denied the police or military were involved in the deaths . The opposition June 23 Movement , or M23 , is named after the date of protests last summer that forced Wade to withdraw a constitutional amendment that would have nearly guaranteed his victory in this month 's election . West Africa has a history of political strife , but Senegal has largely maintained peace and has never experienced a military coup . CNN 's Umaro Djau contributed to this report .	NEW : An observer says Sunday turnout seemed low A runoff will be held if a candidate does not win 50 % of the vote President Abdoulaye Wade is booed as he casts his ballot in Dakar Violence has erupted since a court allowed Wade to be on the ballot
CNN  -- The Mojave boneyard in the California desert is where old airplanes go to die -- a wasteland of decrepit planes , titanic heaps of titanium and aluminum waiting to be scrapped for metal in India or China . Plane boneyards are a rich source of spare parts for MotoArt to create their functional furniture . But for Dave Hall and Donovan Fell , the boneyard is only the beginning . They own MotoArt , a company based in California that turns old aircraft parts into high-end furniture and functional art . From beds and desks to light fixtures and wall partitions , Hall and Fell say they are doing more than reinventing cast-offs from retired planes , they 're creating pieces of aviation history . "  Once they are gone we can never get them back again , " said Hall of the abandoned planes at Mojave . "  So what we like to do is actually take these aircraft parts and preserve them and give them a second life in some really fun , functional art . " MotoArt began in 2000 when Hall and Fell , former co-workers at an architectural sign company in Los Angeles , collaborated on an art exhibition that showcased Fell 's polished B-17 bomber propeller sculptures . See before and after photos of recycled plane parts " "  We sold out the entire show , and the gearheads all loved it , " said Fell . It was then that the duo realized their unique art project could have a much wider audience . Encouraged by the success of the exhibit , the duo began exploring the nearby Mojave boneyard for more than just propellers -- B-25 rudders for desks , 747 jet engine cowlings for beds , F-4 ejection seats for , well , ejection seats . "  Who 's never wanted an ejection chair ? " laughs Fell , sitting in the company 's studio in Los Angeles , where the MotoArt team bring back the treasures they find in the Mojave Desert . Watch Dave Hall at work at the Mojave boneyard " The duo 's most popular pieces of ` functional art ' are their desks , ranging from the sleek 8-foot DC-9 tail stabilizer desk , which retail at around $ 15,000 , to the imposing 14-foot DC-4 conference table , which costs a whopping $ 60,000 . According to Hall , hundreds of hours are sometimes spent cutting , sanding , polishing and surfacing a single piece . It took the MotoArt team 220 hours to turn a single 747 cowling , the large shiny aluminum strip covering a jumbo jet engine , into a spectacular 8.5-foot diameter chrome receptionist 's desk . Hall said it takes hundreds of hours to produce a fuselage partition , from using a chainsaw to slice 10-foot sheets out of the main section of a plane , to polishing and readying it for the showroom floor of the Dutch carmaker Spyker , which has commissioned MotoArt to create exhibitions for the company around the world . Hall and Fell began the company out of their garage , and now have 15 employees and a 12,000 square-foot studio with a showroom that could double as an aviation museum . "  It 's like a larger version of my room when I was 10 years old , " says Fell of the MotoArt headquarters . But MotoArt is anything but child 's play -- in just nine years the company has carved out a niche in the high-end furniture market , creating a multi-million dollar business thanks to a wide range of corporate clients . The company counts Boeing , Microsoft , Red Bull and the United States government as happy MotoArt customers , as well as a number of airplane enthusiasts and celebrities . But for Hall and Fell , it is the preservation of the planes that gives them the greatest satisfaction . "  It 's heartbreaking to see these planes that have serviced our country for decades being crunched up and destroyed , and it gives us a little piece of heart that we are able to recycle this and give it a second life , " he said .	Men at MotoArt search boneyards for old plane parts to recycle into furniture They use B-25 rudders for desks , 747 jet engine cowlings for beds MotoArt prides itself on preserving aviation history with functional art
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Most of us have them -- the personal ritual to deal with the "  ick " of a public bathroom : wiping the seat with toilet paper , using a paper seat cover or even rolling up several pieces of toilet paper to create a thicker barrier between the skin and ... the unknown . Public bathrooms may be teeming with bacteria , but the toilet seat is probably safe for sitting . But the toilet seat is actually the cleanest part of the bathroom , one expert says . Charles Gerba , a microbiologist at the University of Arizona who has studied restrooms and other germ-infested environments for more than 20 years , says that because of the care people take when they 're about to sit , other parts of the bathroom are much more prone to delivering bacterial infections . "  One of the cleanest things in the bathrooms we find are the toilet seats , " Gerba said . "  I 'd put my fanny on it any time -- unless it 's wet ; then you 'd want to wipe it first . " Avoiding bathroom ` hot spots ' " The Internet has come through for people who just want a clean place to go . New tools like MizPee  nationwide  and Diaroogle  New York only  will point you to the nearest public restroom and display extensive comments about those facilities from users , even delivering the information to your mobile phone .  Warning : CNN makes no promises about the cleanliness of the language in these bathroom locators . MizPee launched a year ago for people in San Francisco , California , after co-founder Peter Olfe saw that the city 's public library bathroom was "  so disgusting , " said Dhana Pawar , vice president and co-founder of Yojo Mobile , which created MizPee . "  Unfortunately , -LSB- MizPee -RSB- was inspired by that trip . " Fueled by demand , MizPee has expanded to more than 22 cities in America and six in Europe , and has had more than 300,000 unique visitors . Users rate toilets on a scale from one to five toilet paper rolls and nominate the best and worst toilets for the Flush of the Year award . The site also gives users information on deals at restaurants , shops and services nearby , in addition to toilet trivia called "  looisms . " Women tend to have higher standards for bathroom cleanliness than men , often rating any given unisex bathroom lower than men , Pawar said . In general , many more women than men use the site , but male bikers and older men , especially colitis patients , also come to MizPee . Women are also particularly concerned about finding clean bathrooms with changing stations , Pawar said . "  You 'd be surprised how few there are . " Pawar said she herself is "  really paranoid " when it comes to the restroom . "  I 'm one of those really anal people who have to have a clean bathroom , " she said . For many people , public bathrooms generate feelings of anxiety , fear and disgust . "  Basically , everybody is fearful of public restrooms , " said Dr. Lisa Bernstein , assistant professor at Emory University School of Medicine , who admitted that her mother always told her that she should never make direct contact with a toilet seat . Research indicates that fear of the commode itself may be misdirected . Public bathrooms may contain several kinds of harmful bacteria , including E. coli , salmonella , coliform , rotavirus , cold virus and the potentially deadly form of staph known as MRSA , experts say . But people are more likely to pick up these nasty bugs through touching things in the bathroom with their hands , not their behinds . "  I do n't think anyone would voluntarily sit on a seat with urine , but , in reality , urine touching intact skin on the tush wo n't do anything , " Bernstein said . More concerning , however , is a child who steadies himself or herself on a toilet seat by holding onto it and then leaving without washing hands , she said . Those germs could lead to an infection once the child 's hands touch the nose , mouth or eyes . And do n't forget that unwashed hands have handled everything from the door knob to the lock to the flusher . Again , if you touch one of these objects and then rub your eye , nose or mouth , you 're apt to transmit that bacteria . But there is hope . Here are hygiene helpers : Wash your hands Yes , it 's basic . But , in general , washing your hands is the most effective action you can take to prevent bacterial infections from a public bathroom , experts say . "  You can remove all gastrointestinal and respiratory infection bacteria by washing hands , " said Judy Daly , clinical microbiologist at the University of Utah and spokesperson for the Clean Hands Campaign . "  Seventeen seconds of a little bit of friction , water and soap will really mediate bacteria . " The American Society for Microbiology , which sponsors the Clean Hands Campaign , found in a study last year that about 77 percent of men and women washed their hands in public restrooms , down 6 percent from 2005 . The observational study also found that women washed their hands more than men . "  It 's such an easy intervention , " Daly said . "  If you get it to be a habit for a 30-day period , it 's something you do automatically . " Use automatic devices Recent bathroom additions like automatic hands-free faucets and paper towel dispensers diminish contact between your hands and bathroom items that may bear bacteria , Bernstein said . Do n't let your belongings touch the floor Gerba 's research found that the highest concentration of germs in a public bathroom are on the floor , the outside of the sanitary napkin disposal and the sink and water taps . When Gerba looked at women 's purses , he found that one-third of them had fecal bacteria on the bottom . Make sure you hang your shoulder bag on a hook . If none is available , some people swear by hanging the strap around their necks . Use the first stall The middle stall of a public restroom usually has the most bacteria because people use it the most . "  I guess people like company , " Gerba said . The first stall will probably be cleaner . Recognize the best and the worst As a rule , the cleanest toilets are usually in hospitals , because they use disinfectants heavily , but the worst are in airports and airplanes , Gerba said . The small size of airplane bathrooms , including the sinks themselves , make it hard for people to wash their hands -- in fact , Gerba 's study found a thin layer of E. coli in an airplane bathroom . As for the airports themselves , "  In the men 's room at Chicago O'Hare , I do n't think the toilet seat ever gets cold , " Gerba said . Do n't hold back It 's fine for a woman to hover over the toilet seat if she does n't want to sit down , but if she does n't empty her bladder completely , she 's at risk for a urinary infection , Bernstein said . "  You may be doing yourself more harm than good , " she said . Along the same lines , you can develop urinary infections from "  holding it in " too long just because you do n't want to use a particular facility . Better in a public stall than not at all . Put it in perspective Although the bathroom seems like a nasty place , the possible infections from the dreaded stall are no different from the ones you can get anywhere else in public . "  They 're the same bugs we transmit shaking hands , " Bernstein said . "  People are more freaked out about restrooms , but the same thing applies anywhere in public . " After all that research -- he 's had the cops called on him while prowling around bathroom floors -- Gerba has no problem with sitting down on public toilets . But Bernstein still uses one or two seat covers , "  because of what my mother taught me , " she said .	New Web sites help find nearby public restrooms in the U.S. and abroad Washing your hands is crucial to preventing the spread of bacteria The first stall is likely to be cleaner than the middle stall Do n't put your purse on the floor , which has the highest concentration of germs
Mother Nature Network  -- Mother 's Day poems come in all shapes and sizes . Many address the poet 's memories of his mother . Others describe the poet 's gratitude for his mother . Some are very short . Some are very long . Sometimes the mother-child relationship is complicated and the poet discusses the good times along with the bad . Other times , it 's a straightforward message of love and gratitude . If nothing else , the poet almost always acknowledges the significant role a mother plays in the lives of her children . Needless-to-say , with Mom being portrayed so many different ways in poetry , there are several avenues for approaching a selection of poems appropriate for Mother 's Day . Well , we 're here to help you . Here 's a list of selected works to get you started with Mother 's Day poems : Mother Nature Network : Mother 's Day song guide "  To My Mother " by Robert Louis Stevenson The Scottish poet evokes childhood memories in this four-line ode to Mom . It appeared "  A Child 's Garden of Verses , " a collection of 65 poems by Stevenson first published in 1885 under the title "  Penny Whistles . " You too , my mother , read my rhymes For love of unforgotten times , And you may chance to hear once more The little feet along the floor . "  Kaddish " by Allen Ginsberg Ginsberg , one of the leading voices of the Beat Generation , wrote this lengthy poem following the 1956 death of his mother . It was published as part of a collection , "  Kaddish and Other Poems : 1958-1960 . " Its title refers to the traditional Jewish prayer recited during times of mourning . "  To My Mother " by Christina Rosetti Rosetti , a 19th century English poet best known for her lengthy poem called "  Goblin 's Market , " wrote this short piece about her mother in 1842 : To-day 's your natal day ; Sweet flowers I bring : Mother , accept , I pray My offering . And may you happy live , And long us bless ; Receiving as you give Great happiness . Mother Nature Network : Kids ' Mother 's Day crafts projects "  Thanking My Mother for Piano Lessons " by Diane Wakoski Wakoski , a contemporary poet who counts Allen Ginsberg among her influences , writes of the "  beauty that can come from even an ugly past " in this poem that recounts , among other things , the financial struggles her mother accepted in order to make sure she could pay for her child 's piano lessons . "  Mother o ' Mine " by Rudyard Kipling The Nobel laureate , who lived from 1865 to 1936 , wrote about the undying love of a mother in this 11-line poem : If I were hanged on the highest hill , Mother o ' mine , O mother o ' mine ! I know whose love would follow me still , Mother o ' mine , O mother o ' mine ! If I were drowned in the deepest sea , Mother o ' mine , O mother o ' mine ! I know whose tears would come down to me , Mother o ' mine , O mother o ' mine ! If I were damned of body and soul , I know whose prayers would make me whole , Mother o ' mine , O mother o ' mine ! "  Mother to Son " by Langston Hughes This lesser-known piece by the Harlem Renaissance writer takes the perspective of the mother speaking to her son and telling him that "  Life for me ai n't been no crystal stair . " It can be found in "  The Collected Poems of Langston Hughes . " "  What I Learned From My Mother " by Julia Kasdorf Kasdorf is the second contemporary poet on our list . She talks about how her mother taught her to comfort those in mourning , to offer healing and "  the blessing of your voice , your chaste touch . " Do you have a favorite Mother 's Day poem ? Let us know in the comments below . © Copyright 2010 Mother Nature Network	Poets have long written about their mothers or to their mothers Robert Louis Stevenson : Poem tells mother to hear "  The little feet along the floor " Julia Kasdorf 's poem tells how her mother taught her to comfort those in mourning Rudyard Kipling 's poem said his mother would love him even if he were hanged
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton opened the door to a presidential bid a little wider over the weekend at the Harkin Steak Fry in Iowa . And now veterans from her 2008 campaign and Iowans urging her to run in 2016 are calling for her to use the state 's first-in-the-nation caucus to slam the door shut on the Democratic nomination . Their message is simple : If you win in Iowa , you will be the nominee . If you let someone hang around -- or win -- you could cost yourself the nomination . Hillary Clinton returns to Iowa : A fresh start or deja vu ? "  I think that Secretary Clinton can close the door in Iowa . It is going to take a lot of work , but it is out there to be done , " said Jerry Crawford , Midwest co-chairman for Clinton 's 2008 campaign . "  I think if she wins ... it would be very difficult , very unlikely that anybody could mount a challenge after Iowa . " Crawford , who also ran Bill Clinton 's 1992 and 1996 presidential campaigns in Iowa , said he has expressed this sentiment to Hillary Clinton 's closest advisers and aides . There is a level of bluntness in those who advocate for Clinton to run hard in Iowa , and it stems largely from her history in the state . Some of it is self-serving . The more active Clinton is in Iowa , the more other candidates will be forced to campaign in the state . That means money for Iowa 's economy -- some economists estimate that more than $ 51 million was spent in Iowa in 2008 around the caucuses . And it raises Iowa politicos ' profiles . The other reason has more to do with Clinton 's record in Iowa . Most Clinton supporters in the state feel that the nomination was hers to lose in 2008 and do n't want the same thing to happen in 2016 . During Clinton 's failed 2008 bid , the former first lady finished a dismal third in Iowa . She blundered several times in the state , none more stinging than when a memo written by then-Deputy Campaign Manager Mike Henry about skipping Iowa was leaked to The New York Times . "  I propose skipping the Iowa caucuses and dedicating more of Senator Clinton 's time and financial resources " to other primary states , Henry wrote . The plan was considered and then rejected . CNN reached out to Henry for a comment , but the now-chief of staff to Sen. Tim Kaine , D-Virginia , was not available . The fallout was swift and added fuel to the fire that Clinton was running a detached campaign in Iowa . She began to cool down in the state just as then-Sens . Barack Obama and John Edwards  who would go on to finish second  got hot . Clinton has called the defeat "  excruciating . " She went into Iowa in 2008 with a shrinking lead over Obama and Edwards . She is better positioned now , with 53 % of all registered Democrats contacted in Iowa saying they would support her if the 2016 caucuses were held today , according to a recent CNN/ORC poll . That number is triple the nearest potential Democratic candidate . Others have landed in Iowa While she played coy in the beginning , for the last few months Clinton has regularly admitted the worst-kept secret in the United States : She is thinking about running for president . She has company . Vice President Joe Biden is in Iowa on Wednesday to speak to a group of nuns on the steps of the Iowa Capitol . Independent Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont held three events in Iowa over the weekend . And Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley has visited the state three times this year and has 11 staff members on the ground . Bernie Sanders calls for "  political revolution " in Iowa They and others have said they are thinking about running in 2016 . A call for competitive primaries Not all longtime Clinton organizers are convinced that slamming the door in Iowa is the best strategy to be ready for the general election . Bonnie Campbell , a longtime Iowa politician and Clinton 's campaign co-chairwoman in 2008 , thinks that competitive primaries will "  make her stronger , both politically ... and as a candidate . " "  If Hillary can come here and compete with other candidates and put it away , I am all for that , " said Campbell , who also chaired the Iowa Democratic Party from 1987 to 1991 . "  But I think it is important to recognize that it is healthy , it is a healthy thing , to have different points of view offered and discuss and it also usually happens . " Some Clinton supporters in Iowa have also been cautiously watching some of those other candidates , impressed with their operations and commitment to the Hawkeye State . Though they all said Clinton would win if she ran , there is a clear concern that someone could organize effectively and get hot at the right time -- like Obama did in 2008 . But even Scott Brennan , the chairman of the Iowa Democratic Party , who remains neutral in nomination fights , sees an Iowa win as a way Clinton could lock down the nomination early . "  It seems to me that it is reasonable to think that way , " he said at an interview in Des Moines . "  Why give somebody that opportunity to get that national presence if in fact she is serious about running ? " Brennan , who was party chairman during the caucuses in 2008 , said that while Clinton finished third , it was n't because she did n't have a lot of support from state Democrats . Instead , he said , it was because she ran into Obama 's force-of-nature campaign .	Iowa Democrats have stressed to Clinton aides how important the state will be Top Iowa Clinton supporter : "  I think that Secretary Clinton can close the door in Iowa " Some worry that if she does n't go big in Iowa -- or loses -- she risks losing the nomination Some of the bluntness has to do with Clinton 's checkered history with the state
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A new credit rating agency backed by Chinese , Russian and American firms has launched today in Hong Kong , with a mission to displace the "  Big Three " Western firms at the heart of the international ratings system . The joint venture , the Universal Credit Rating Group  UCRG  , says it intends to reform the current international credit rating regime , creating the initial framework for a new system by 2020 , with the ability to provide credit risk information on all the world 's economies by 2025 . Beijing-based Dagong Global Credit Rating , Russia 's RusRating and U.S.-based agency Egan-Jones Ratings are behind the project , which they consider part of a necessary overhaul of a system whose failings contributed to the 2008 global financial crisis . Currently , ratings issued by the Big Three -- Standard & Poor 's , Moody 's and Fitch -- to large-scale borrowers , such as governments and corporations , play a central role in determining how investors allocate billions of dollars . Their ratings indicate to buyers of debt how likely they are to be paid back . During the financial crisis , the ratings agencies were criticized for giving top ratings to mortgage-backed securities that eventually cratered , sparking a deep global recession . Sean Egan , president of Egan-Jones Ratings and director of the UCRG , believes there 's been inadequate reform of the international credit ratings system since the crisis . "  Obviously there 's a been a breakdown of the system , obviously there 's yet to be any sort of tangible reform , " he said . "  That is really the impetus for seeking some alternatives for global institutional investors . " Guan Jianzhong , chairman and president of Dagong Global Credit Rating and chairman of the UCRG , said reform was essential to the recovery of the world economy . "  Credit ratings are indispensible in global economic operation , and it is obvious that the current rating system needs reforming and introducing new thinking , " he said in a press release . Egan said the venture would bring a more international perspective to ratings and provide greater accountability . "  It 's not going to represent the , you could argue , parochial interests of New York-based firms . There 's going to be a variety of perspectives included as a result of a variety of ratings firms being part of it , " he said . A "  self-policing " mechanism would see contributors ' ratings assessed over time , he said . "  It addresses the major problem you 've had , whereby if a rating at the triple-A level is issued and quickly downgraded , the rating firm has historically just said ` We 're sorry , but thank you very much for the rating fee . ' " He said the response to the proposal had been better than he had anticipated . "  The timing is right , the parties are right , the interest is there , " he said . "  Capital providers in the form of Asian and some Middle Eastern institutions have not had a seat at the table and have been terribly burnt as a result . " Observers have welcomed the move , saying the new agency could be a viable competitor , but will need time to establish its credibility . "  I 'm of the view : the more the better , " said Avonechith Siackhachanh , senior advisor in the Asian Development Bank 's Office of Regional Economic Integration . "  Anything to introduce greater competition -- it will encourage everybody to have better discipline . But I think it will take time for this new rating agency to establish itself . " The fact that the agency was giving itself a decent time frame to start up "  gives me some comfort that it has a chance to succeed , " she said . She rejected the argument that U.S.-based ratings firms had parochial interests , saying it was "  not that black and white , " but agreed that insufficient reforms of the ratings regime taken place since the crisis . "  Perhaps more ratings agencies in the market will promote reform in the long run . "	Credit rating agency launched in Hong Kong with Chinese , Russian and American backing It seeks to reform the global credit rating system following the financial crisis Director says Asian and Middle Eastern institutions "  have not had a seat at the table "
CNN  -- Federal prosecutors say they have broken up a major effort to ship parts for fighter jets and helicopter gunships to Iran in violation of U.S. arms export laws . In a raft of indictments announced Thursday , the Justice Department accuses executives from companies in Florida , Illinois , France and the United Arab Emirates with illegally supplying components for U.S.-built aircraft to Iran . An Iranian company and its top officers also have been charged in the case . "  Through coordinated law enforcement efforts , we have cut off more than a branch of this illegal supply tree ; we have cut off the tree at its trunk , " Michael Moore , the U.S. attorney in Macon , Georgia , said in a statement announcing the charges . The Florida-based company , The Parts Guys , kept a warehouse in Macon , according to the indictments . The company and its president , Michael Todd , have already pleaded guilty to violating the U.S. Arms Export Control Act . The other U.S. company , The head of the other U.S. company named in the charges , Hamid "  Hank " Seifi , was sentenced to nearly five years in prison on Wednesday , prosecutors said . Both American firms are accused of supplying parts for 1970s-vintage warplanes and helicopters to Iran through the French company Aerotechnic and Emirates-based Aletra General Trading . Both of those companies were named in the indictments along with top executives from each , none of whom were in custody Thursday . The parts were meant for F-4 Phantom II and F-5 Tiger jets , Huey helicopters and Cobra helicopter gunships . Iran purchased those aircraft before the 1979 revolution that toppled Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi , a U.S. ally . The charges disclosed Thursday include conspiracy to violate U.S. arms export laws and sanctions on Iran , as well as fraud , money laundering and making false statements to investigators .	Prosecutors release charges against U.S. , French , Arab and Iranian companies The heads of two American companies already have pleaded guilty The parts were meant for aircraft Iran bought before the 1979 revolution
CNN  -- The son of late evangelist Oral Roberts and former president of Oral Roberts University was arrested early Tuesday on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol and speeding , authorities said . Richard Roberts , 63 , was stopped by the Oklahoma Highway Patrol just after midnight after a trooper observed him traveling at about 93 mph on a turnpike in his Mercedes-Benz sedan , according to an arrest report . The speed limit on the road is 65 mph , the report said . The trooper "  detected the strong odor of an alcoholic beverage about Roberts ' breath and person , " the report said , and Roberts failed field sobriety tests . Roberts consented to a breath test , which showed his blood alcohol level at .11 % , higher than the .08 % limit for legal intoxication . He was booked into the Tulsa County Jail . CNN affiliate KOTV in Tulsa said he posted bond and was released a few hours later . Roberts was president of Oral Roberts University until 2007 . Oral Roberts died in 2009 . Roberts appears on the television show "  The Place for Miracles : Your Hour of Healing , " according to the Oral Roberts Ministries website . "  Our prayers go out to Richard and Lindsay Roberts and their entire family as they face this life challenge , " said Jeremy Burton , spokesman for Oral Roberts University . "  May God 's grace help them as they work toward healing . " CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Richard Roberts was pulled over early Tuesday , authorities say Arrest report : He was allegedly traveling 93 mph in a 65-mph zone A breath test showed Roberts ' blood alcohol level at .11 % , the report says
Arsonists started a huge December 8 blaze that destroyed a downtown apartment building under construction and damaged nearby buildings , the Los Angeles Fire Department said Thursday in a news release . "  The fire at 900 West Temple Street destroyed the seven-story complex under construction , damaged a nearby high-rise structures and the Harbor  110  Freeway , " the release said . "  Investigators recovered sufficient evidence to eliminate all known potential accidental causes and determine the fire was intentionally set . "  The fire caused an estimated $ 20 million to $ 30 million in damage to the DaVinci Apartments . Total damage estimates to nearby businesses and Caltrans property remain undetermined at this time . " Nobody was hurt in the fire that shut down traffic on the 110 and 101 freeways . The blaze started in the early morning hours and lit up the Los Angeles skyline . The Fire Department said it seeks information about two "  potential witnesses " seen in video footage . They are called "  persons of interest " and are not considered suspects , the release said . Security camera video of the two witnesses can be viewed at the Fire Department website . The fire was battled by 250 firefighters . The fire was investigated by the Los Angeles Fire Department and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . "  The work at the crime scene is finished ; however , our investigation is not over , " said ATF Special Agent in Charge Carlos A. Canino in the release . "  ATF will continue to work together with our state and local partners to investigate this crime and bring those responsible to justice . "	L.A. Fire Department said a massive Decembe 8 fire was arson The fire destroyed a seven-story apartment building under construction Nobody was injured in the fire that caused at least $ 20 million damage Fire officials are looking for two potential witnesses
CNN  -- In the movie "  Back to the Future , " the year is 1955 when Marty McFly introduces the song "  Johnny B. Goode " to a high school dance . That was three years before this tune was actually written , but McFly knows it well because he 's from the future . It would stand to reason that in real life , time travelers from a future era -- or who had at least visited the future -- might give themselves away by mentioning events that have n't yet occurred . They might even do so online . I mean , you 'd obviously take to social media to broadcast your foreknowledge of world events , right ? Scientists at Michigan Technological University wanted to see if they could catch any such slips by residents of the future . So Robert Nemiroff , professor of physics , and graduate student Teresa Wilson conducted a whimsical study in hopes of identifying accurate predictions of future events . They are presenting their study at the American Astronomical Society Meeting on Monday . The online platform that allowed them to look most comprehensively for prescient posts was Twitter , because the social network does n't allow back-dating . Facebook users can alter timestamps on posts , and the popular search engines Google and Bing were not as helpful as Twitter in looking for "  prescient information , " the authors found . Study authors focused on two major search terms they believe will have lasting significance for years to come : Comet ISON and Pope Francis . They looked for mentions of these from January 2006 to September 2013 . Before the identification of comet ISON in 2012 , there were no mentions that the researchers could find of this icy space rock . Similarly , before Jorge Bergoglio took on his papal name in 2013 , the phrase "  Pope Francis " did not appear in the researchers ' search results , except for one person 's blog , which appears to have been speculating -- not remembering something from the future . It appears that no one posted about his or her neighbor or acquaintance declaring the name Pope Francis early , either . "  It 's not proof , but it 's an indication to me that it 's not possible , " Nemiroff said , referring to time travel . There are , of course , several reasons why this technique might not detect any time travelers . Nemiroff and Wilson may have missed them by using the wrong search terms . Temporal adventurers might avoid posting to social media altogether , or even using the Internet , for fear of being found out . Or , you know , it might be physically impossible to travel to the past . "  It 's the largest database ever searched for that kind of information . It  evidence of time travel  might have been there , " Nemiroff said . The idea for the study came about in discussions during poker games with his students , he said . Do n't worry , that 's not all they 're doing ; Nemiroff studies other more substantial topics such as gamma-ray bursts , and helped create NASA 's Astronomy Picture of the Day website . Others have tried in the past to lure time travelers into exposing themselves , Nemiroff and Wilson note in their paper . A convention for time travelers was held in May 2005 by then-graduate student Amal Dorai at MIT , but no one living among us from the future showed up , although the event attracted 450 guests , according to Nature . Renowned physicist Stephen Hawking , similarly , said in a July 2012 interview that he had thrown a party for time travelers , sending out invitations after the party occurred . Sadly , no one came . Similarly , no one answered the study authors ' calls to tweet on or before August 2013 using the hashtags #ICanChangeThePast2 or #ICannotChangeThePast2 , indicating whether the time travelers believed they could alter history . Sean Carroll , a physicist at California Institute of Technology who was not involved in the study , said physicists who have studied the question of time travel into the past -- taking into account Einstein 's theory of general relativity -- have concluded that we can imagine time travel , but it 's probably not possible in real life . "  We do n't have an airtight proof , but at the very least it would involve manipulating astrophysically significant amounts of matter and energy in unheard-of ways , " he said in an e-mail . "  And even if you built a ` time machine , ' it would let travelers from the future go back to the moment you built it , but you would n't ever be able to visit any moments before you built it . Since we do n't think anyone has built one already , I think we 're safe from time travelers for the time being . " Still , Carroll said , Nemiroff 's paper represents a fun , clever idea . "  To be clear , there was essentially zero reason to believe that they were going to find any evidence for time travelers , but since it did n't exactly cost a lot of money to perform the study I 'm all in favor of it , " Carroll said . So , if you are from the future and reading this , you secret is probably still safe -- for now .	New study uses Twitter to look for predictions of the future Research found no prescient mentions of Comet ISON or Pope Francis Physicists say time travel is probably not possible
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli authorities late Thursday forcibly evacuated hundreds of Palestinian demonstrators from a recently created camp . The actions Thursday night into Friday followed what the Palestinian Popular Struggle Coordination Committee , an activist group , described as an "  Army siege " of their encampment in Ein Hijleh . Located in the central Jordan Valley not far from Jericho , Ein Hijleh was hatched a week ago by Palestinian activists on West Bank land that belongs to the Greek Orthodox Church . A spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces said authorities moved in -- after having given ample warning to the demonstrators "  to independently evacuate " -- "  due to rock hurling earlier this week at the main Jordan Valley route and other legal considerations . " "  The agitators were evacuated , " according to the military spokesman , by Israeli troops , border guard personnel and police . Video of the raid aired on Palestinian TV showed hundreds of Israeli troops and police entering Ein Hijleh on foot . Dr. Mustafa Barghouti , an independent Palestinian lawmaker who heads a medical relief group , said he saw bulldozers and other vehicles accompany the Israeli authorities into the camp using stun grenades and physically manhandling those inside , including women and children . At least 24 people -- including at least one with broken ribs -- needed medical treatment for their injuries , Barghouti told CNN early Friday . The Palestinian Popular Struggle Coordination Committee later tweeted that 35 people were being cared for -- some of them in intensive care -- at a hospital in Jericho , which is about 24 kilometers  15 miles  east of Jerusalem . The Palestinian activist group claimed that before the forced evacuation , Israeli forces had cut off water pipes into Ein Hijleh five times over two days and targeted vehicles carrying food and water . The group said that "  local and international solidarity groups  visited  the village , " as did members of various Palestinian organizations , six European diplomats and Greek Orthodox Archbishop Atallah Hanna , who "  declared his full support . " "  Our will is strong and we will return , " said Barghouti , vowing that activists would return to the site soon . This incident is n't the first time that Israeli authorities have forced out Palestinian activists who have hastily and defiantly set up such tent cities . In January 2013 , for instance , hundreds of Israeli police swarmed such a makeshift camp in part of the West Bank -- called Bab Alshams by protesters and dubbed E1 by Israel -- over Israel 's settlement activity there . CNN 's Kareem Khadder reported from Jerusalem and Hamdi Alkhshali reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Palestinian activists set up an encampment that they called Ein Hijleh Israeli troops , police forced them out ; Palestinian groups say that dozens were hurt in the process IDF official : Action came "  due to rock hurling ... and other legal considerations " "  Our will is strong , and we will return , " a Palestinian activist says
CNN  -- Recovery crews in southern New Mexico were working to reach a child 's body at the bottom of a 30-foot-deep hole Sunday . Authorities believe the child is Samuel Jones , who went missing Saturday , Carlsbad Police Department spokeswoman Lt. Jennifer Moyers said in a statement . Officials think the child died when he fell into the hole in his neighbor 's yard , CNN affiliate KOAT reported . "  We initially began with rescue procedures . Unfortunately , it was discovered that the conditions inside the hole were not survivable , the amount of oxygen that was there , the temperature , that type of thing , " Carlsbad Police Chief Daniel Fierro told CNN affiliate KRQE . A detective searching for the 4-year-old Sunday morning spotted the body when he shined a light into the neighbor 's well , KOAT reported . It could take a day for mining crews to reach the body safely , state police said . "  It breaks my heart , that little boy down there , " heavy equipment operator Paul Kartscner told KOAT . Crews were digging a trench from the side of the hole and shoring up the sides , KOAT said . Investigators , who said Saturday that they feared the boy had been abducted by a stranger , said Sunday that they were treating the case as a homicide until they determine a cause of death , KRQE reported . For more on this story , please go to CNN affiliates KOAT and KRQE .	NEW : A detective spots the body when he shines a flashlight into a neighbor 's well Authorities believe the child is a 4-year-old who went missing on Saturday Recovering the body could take a day , state police say CNN affiliate : Authorities think the child died when he fell into the hole
CNN  -- Dear Girls of the World , My 3-year-old daughter , Jasmine , amazes me every day . In all of my travels around the world as a fashion photographer , I 've never seen anything more beautiful than watching her grow up . She loves going to school and dreams of becoming a doctor and a ballerina -- there are no limits to what she can become ! As a father , it pains me that not every girl has the same chance as Jasmine to get an education and pursue her dreams . Today , girls make up more than half of the 140 million children and adolescents who do n't attend school , and in many countries , more than half the girls drop out before they get to the sixth grade . Instead of getting an education , they are often forced to marry as children and carry the burden of household chores . This predicament is devastating for millions of girls who deserve better . It 's also devastating for our world because educating girls is one of the most important steps we can take to end poverty . When a girl is educated , she is likely to earn more money to support her family , to promote economic growth in her country , and to have a healthier home life . The good news is : We can make a difference . As part of the United Nations Foundation 's Girl Up campaign , I 've had the opportunity to work with young people to stand up for girls ' education . Girl Up , a "  for girls , by girls " campaign , mobilizes the energy of youth to help raise funds and awareness for United Nations programs that provide girls in developing countries with life-changing opportunities , like getting an education . Thanks to the work of the U.N. , governments , organizations and girls around the world , more girls than ever are in primary school . We still have more work to do to get every girl in a classroom , but we are making progress . Achieving this goal will require all of us to stand up for girls ' rights . Men and boys need to be part of the solution . After all , the positive impact of girls ' education has been shown to transcend generations , benefiting girls , as well as their families , their communities and our world . Girls can change the future , but we need to give them the chance . Join the growing movement to advocate for girls ' education . - Nigel Barker More : CNN 's "  Girl Rising " Write your own open letter to girls of the world	Nigel Barker writes an open letter to girls of the world To get every girl in a classroom , "  men and boys need to be part of the solution " CNN Films ' "  Girl Rising " premieres June 16
CNN  Magma and lava from a Japanese volcano is forming new geography in a remote part of the Pacific Ocean . An eruption on the tiny volcanic island of Nishinoshima in November 2013 formed a small islet right next to it when molten lava cooled . That islet has merged with its neighbor and continues to develop . The newly formed island has grown to 2.46 square kilometers  .94 square miles  , according to the Japanese coast guard , which sent an observation plane to the area this week . The coast guard said it 's 52 times bigger than the iconic Tokyo Dome . And it 's expected to get larger . The volcano is erupting five to six times a minute , spewing out volcanic rock , the coast guard says . The evolving land mass is 1,000 kilometers  620 miles  south of Tokyo . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report	An eruption on the tiny volcanic island of Nishinoshima formed a small islet That islet has merged with its neighbor and continues to develop
CNN  -- Many people think Amelia Earhart 's fame rests on her dramatic disappearance in 1937 . I do n't think so . I think her life has been overshadowed by her death . I think that when her Electra aircraft is finally found , the focus will return to her life and her remarkable accomplishments . She will become even more famous than she is today . A new , privately funded investigation into one of the most famous missing persons cases in history will start this summer , carried out by The International Group for Historic Aircraft Recovery . It will be headed by Ric Gillespie . The group has mounted 10 previous expeditions to Gardner Island , also known as Nikumaroro , in the Pacific . I wish him well , but my experience leads me to believe Gillespie will come up empty again . Earhart started flying in the 1920s . Her first plane was powered by one of the first -- and still unproven -- air-cooled engines ever made . But Earhart possessed more than guts and a passion for flying . She was blessed with good looks and intelligence . She thrived on publicity , charmed men and set as her mission in life the empowerment of women . She went on the lecture circuit to finance her flights and became wildly popular , the Oprah Winfrey of her day . Earhart helped create and lead the Ninety Nines , the women 's flying organization that promoted women fliers , and was idolized by her flying peers as much because she was fun as because she was efficient . She married a successful publisher , George Putnam , who looked like a stand-in for Superman 's alter ego , Clark Kent . He devoted his life to her . In a time when planes were being perfected and aviators were the superstars of the day , she matched the men . Earhart 's most daring achievement was that five years to the day after Charles Lindbergh 's flight , she took off from Harbor Grace , Newfoundland , and safely landed her red single-engine Lockheed Vega in a farmer 's field in Derry , Ireland . After a harrowing flight replete with equipment malfunctions and bad weather , she became the first woman and the second pilot to fly solo across the Atlantic . The world went crazy . After the flight , she was elevated to almost mythic status . "  Forget Garbo , forget Jackie , she was in a realm beyond stardom , " recalled Gore Vidal , who knew her well . She set countless speed , long-distance and altitude records . She was on what she planned as her last record-breaking flight in 1937 when she went missing , flying around the world at the equator , which had never before been done . She had always flown solo , but on this last flight , she took along a navigator , Fred Noonan . She was on the last , most dangerous leg of the flight , taking off from Lae , Papua New Guinea , for Howland Island , a dot in the middle of the Pacific a bit north of the equator and 2,556 miles away . She was landing there to refuel the Electra before flying on to Hawaii . When she failed to appear , the Itasca , a U.S. Coast guard vessel waiting at Howland Island to guide her in , radioed the world . The final resting place of her plane has never been ascertained , but most fliers and history buffs , including me , think that the plane rests on the ocean floor somewhere in the vicinity of her destination of Howland Island , rather than Gardner Island , 400 miles away . But the ocean is 17,500 feet deep around Howland , a mile deeper than the resting place of the Titanic . Only recently has technology allowed the construction of underwater vehicles that can endure such extreme pressure . In 2009 , I was on the second leg of the R/V Seward Johnson 's search for Earhart . The Seward Johnson is a 204-foot research vessel that set out from American Samoa to search the ocean floor to the west of Howland Island . Ted Waitt , founder of Gateway Computer and creator Waitt Institute for Discovery , was behind the expedition . A great admirer of Earhart , he was also the impetus behind the recent movie , "  Amelia . " There were 29 of us aboard the Seward Johnson : scientists , oceanographers , technicians , computer experts and ordinary seamen . Autonomous underwater vehicles , bright yellow sonar subs 12 feet long , did the searching . For 46 days , the AUVs looked for the plane round the clock . Going on the assumption that headwinds had slowed the plane down more than Noonan realized , the subs were deployed to survey to the west of Howland Island . The AUVs work by pinging the ocean floor as they travel just above it , sending up signals that are displayed on computer screens as dots that change color as the subs ping over different surfaces . The softest surface , sand , transmits as blue dots ; hard stone and metal transmit as red dots that blend off into green . The Electra , as a metal object , would show up red . Once an AUV pinged a large metal object : It turned out to be a 55-gallon steel drum . Other than that , the ocean floor was as barren as the moon . In the past 16 or so years , The International Group for Historic Aircraft Recovery has come back with all sorts of artifacts that Gillespie was sure would prove to have belonged to Earhart . Nothing has held up to scrutiny . While his hunches have led him to concentrate on this island , Gardner was one of the first islands searched , five days after Earhart went missing . At that time , three planes catapulted from the battleship USS Colorado searched the area . If one of the three pilots had sighted anything even slightly promising , the pilot would have reported it . The pilot who sighted the plane would instantly have been the hero of the hour . Such a sighting was never made . At President Franklin Roosevelt 's bidding , the Colorado was within days joined by a fleet of nine ships of the U.S. Navy , including an aircraft carrier that held 62 planes , to look for Earhart . The ships and the planes then conducted a search they estimated as covering 150,000 square miles . The Seward Johnson only searched the ocean floor to the west of Howland Island . It is my best guess that the plane rests on the ocean floor to the east , waiting to be found by the next expedition . Whoever finds Earhart and her Electra will deservedly become famous . I agree with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who has said the search itself is inspirational . It will be wonderful news when one day our lost heroine is found . In the meantime , Earhart remains an icon , revered by young women , remembered by many for her signal accomplishments , remembered by all because of her dramatic end . She is 39 forever . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Susan Butler .	Susan Butler thinks new expedition wo n't find Amelia Earhart 's vanished plane Butler wrote a biography of Earhart , a pioneer of aviation who inspired women pilots Earhart was wildly famous in her day , broke countless speed and distance records Butler went on expedition to find Earhart plane ; thinks new project is looking at wrong island
CNN  -- The cell-phone video shows a scene straight out of hell : a darkness lit only by billowing smoke , tinted orange and red from nearby flames , as a vehicle hurtles toward safety . "  Daddy ? " says a small , tearful voice , tinged with panic . "  We 're going to make it , " Doug Gulick tells his child . "  We 're going to be fine . " "  Where 's Mom ? " the child says , then , urgently , "  Why is she stopping ? " Kaleb Gulick , 13 , shot the video in the car with his father as his family , in two cars , fled a deadly Colorado wildfire that crept too close to their home earlier this week . Firefighters were hoping to make more progress Thursday on containing the fire , which has burned more than 4,000 acres in a mountainous area near Denver . With improving conditions , some evacuated residents were allowed to return to their homes Thursday morning , the Jefferson County sheriff 's office said . The Colorado Forest Service apologized for the wildfire after it was revealed that it was caused by a "  controlled " burn that got out of control , killing at least two people . "  This is heartbreaking and we 're sorry , " State Forester Joe Duda told reporters Wednesday about the Lower North Fork Fire , which has scorched 4,140 acres in Jefferson County , destroying or damaging 27 houses and leaving a woman missing in addition to the two fatalities . The revelation pushed Gov. John Hickenlooper to suspend such burns . A team is being formed to investigate how last Thursday 's controlled burn re-erupted on Monday as a wildfire . "  The loss of life and property this week is devastating and this fire is far from being contained , " he said in a news release . "  That 's why our top priority remains working to control the blaze , " Hickenlooper said . He suspended the use of prescribed burns by state agencies on state lands -- including state parks , refuges , State Land Board lands and any agency that manages lands -- or under contract on nonstate lands , such as by the Colorado State Forest Service . The suspension will be effective until the review of protocols and procedures of prescribed burning is complete . Doug Gulick told CNN on Thursday as the family loaded the cars , "  the last thing I saw was this large flame shot up , and we realized we had to go right then . " "  We turned that corner and went from daylight into pure darkness , " he said . Gulick 's wife , Kim Olson , was in the vehicle in front of her husband . She explained Thursday she put the brakes on -- prompting her child 's panic -- because she was fumbling for the headlights in the darkness , and because she hesitated , wondering if the family was going to make it out or whether she and Gulick should turn around . But then , she said , their neighbor went "  flying " past them , and she decided to keep going . "  There it is , right there , " Doug Gulick tells the children on the video as they pass flames . "  Oh , my gosh ! " a child exclaims , and Gulick soothes them as the sky brightens , "  We 're out . We 're out . " Kaleb Gulick said his father handed him the phone and "  I just did my best to capture the whole experience . " Olson said their home was still standing as of Tuesday , when they saw an aerial shot of its roof line and that of their neighbor . She said she has received word that firefighters are camping out on her driveway and her neighbor 's , putting out spot fires . Their home is not out of danger yet , she said , but the family is "  still hoping for the best . " And as firefighters work to extinguish the blaze , the search continues for a woman missing since the fast-moving wildfire swept through her home . A search and rescue team of 32 people and six dogs searched 60 acres Wednesday around her house and found no sign of the woman , said Jacki Kelley , a public information officer with the Jefferson County Sheriff 's Office . Firefighters have dropped 4,100 gallons of fire retardant on the blaze , which was fueled by high winds and dry conditions , officials said . Jefferson County Coroner John Graham identified the two victims as a married couple , Samuel Lucas , 77 , and Linda Lucas , 76 . "  They were found very close together , " Kelley said . "  One was found outside ; one was found inside . " Officials were trying to determine why the couple did not leave the fire zone by Monday night . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Tina Burnside , Phil Gast , Darrell Calhoun , Josh Levs , Shawn Nottingham , Dave Hennen , and Sarah Dillingham contributed to this report .	NEW : Some residents are being allowed to return to their homes A Colorado family captures harrowing escape from a wildfire on video The flames kill a husband and wife The governor suspends "  controlled " fires until an investigation is completed
CNN  -- If there 's only one African musician you 've heard of , it 's probably my father : Fela Kuti . His innovative musical style and flamboyant showmanship made him famous not just in Nigeria , but throughout the world as he pioneered what became known as Afrobeat . But Fela Kuti was more than a musician -- he was also a legendary activist , who with many other brave Africans was jailed for speaking out . One of the great injustices of our time is that some of the poorest people in the world are living on top of some of the Earth 's richest resources of oil , gas and minerals . But rather than benefiting from this wealth , they 're too often being robbed of it . In many African countries , the deals to extract these resources are done in the dark , with no information made available to citizens who deserve to know what their natural riches were sold for , and whether the money went to the national budget , or someone 's Swiss bank account . As world leaders gather for the G20 summit in Brisbane , Australia , this weekend , it 's time to draw a line in the sand over the corruption that wracks Africa . After all , you do n't have to visit Lagos or Abuja to see the disparity between the haves and have-nots . Indeed , given revelations of government officials from some of Africa 's poorest countries owning luxury homes in the United Kingdom , United States and France , it is clear we need strong international transparency laws to help ensure such assets are n't purchased with money stolen from public coffers . But this is no longer my father 's fight . It 's time for the next generation of activists to hold today 's leaders accountable to their people . Corruption is not just an African problem ; it 's a global issue . In today 's globalized world , where stolen money can be wired instantly from one country to another , we need global action to end corruption . After all , it takes two to tango . Although a corrupt official or business in Africa may be the one stealing money , those funds often end up in bank accounts and anonymous shell companies based in supposedly reputable financial centers like London , New York and Hong Kong . Take , for instance , the case of former Nigerian military dictator Sani Abacha . During his five-year reign in the 1990s , an estimated $ 3 billion to $ 5 billion of public money went missing . It is widely believed that much of that money ended up in bank accounts and shell companies in Europe and the United States . The Nigerian government has spent the past decade trying to find and recover it , with only modest success . With this in mind , we need to start by asking powerful countries to stop enabling the flow of ill-gotten spoils from developing nations to their shores . Rich nations must pull up the welcome mat to criminals and they have a great opportunity to do just that at the upcoming G20 summit . So what practical steps can the G20 take to crack down on corruption ? First , they should require companies to publicize the names of their owners so that anonymous companies can no longer be used to steal the riches of developing countries . Second , they should endorse mandatory transparency laws for oil , gas and mining companies so citizens can follow the money and hold their governments accountable for the effective use of natural resource wealth . And finally , the G20 should lead on greater tax transparency for companies , making information publicly available that can be used to ensure that businesses pay their fair share of taxes to governments . We can not lose sight of the impact of corruption on real human beings . According to The ONE Campaign , nearly $ 1 trillion each year is siphoned out of developing countries through shady deals and money laundering , with sizable amounts of that money ending up in the world 's richest countries and offshore tax havens . This money could and should be used to build hospitals , schools , roads and infrastructure necessary to save and improve millions of peoples ' lives . For decades , my father , and countless activists whose names history has forgotten , risked their lives to expose corruption and bring people to act , urging them to stand up for justice and human dignity . Now is the time for world leaders meeting in Australia to honor their legacy by tackling the problem of global corruption with smart , meaningful action .	Many of the poorest people live in resource-rich nations , says Femi Kuti Kuti : Corruption not just an African problem ; it 's a global issue G20 should take steps to tackle corruption , says Kuti
CNN  Lee Kuan Yew will forever be remembered as the man who transformed a mosquito-ridden colonial trading post into a prosperous financial center with clean streets , shimmering skyscrapers and a stable government . Born in 1923 , Lee became Prime Minister in 1959 when Singapore , a tiny spit of land with no natural resources and a polyglot population of Chinese , Malays and Indians , was still British territory and beset by riots and unrest . He presided over Singapore 's bitter split from Malaysia in 1965 and molded the independent country into the global economic powerhouse it is today . "  I was trying to create , in a third-world situation , a first-world oasis , " Lee told CNN in 2008 . READ MORE : Obama : ` Lee a visionary ' Lee 's thinking also had an international impact . His brand of capitalism -- which stresses the role of government rather than the free hand of the market -- has provided a blueprint for China 's landmark economic reforms . But Lee was also a divisive figure , attracting criticism for stifling media freedom and for the harsh treatment of political opponents . In 2013 , protests over plans to allow more immigrants into the city-state indicated growing unease among Singaporeans about the vision of the country set forth by the People 's Action Party -- the party co-founded by Lee that has ruled Singapore for five decades . Lee voluntarily stepped down as Prime Minister in 1990 , the first Asian strongman to do so . However , he played a role in the country 's Cabinet until 2011 when his eldest son , Lee Hsien Loong , was elected for a second term as prime minister . The elder Lee retained his influence around the world . "  This is one of the legendary figures of Asia in the 20th and 21st centuries , " U.S. President Barack Obama said during a meeting with Lee at the White House in October 2009 . "  He is somebody who helped to trigger the Asian economic miracle , " Obama added . But there were indications Lee 's health had been slipping in recent years . In 2010 he was admitted to the hospital with a chest infection and in early 2013 , Lee -- then 89 -- was hospitalized and treated treated for "  stroke-like symptoms . " He was again admitted to the hospital on February 5 for severe pneumonia and more than six weeks later remained on a ventilator . A fourth-generation Singaporean , Lee 's family originally emigrated from southern China . A bright student , he gained a place in the city 's elite Raffles Institution and went on to study law at Fitzwilliam College at Cambridge . He attributed his decision to go into politics to his experiences during the Japanese occupation of Singapore . "  I learned how people survived and how people had to submit because you need to eat and your family needs to live , so I learned the meaning of power , " he told CNN in 2002 . The city Lee took control of in 1959 was still recovering from the ravages of war and could not have been more different from today 's Singapore . However , Lee told CNN he had no "  great vision of transformation . " He concentrated on attracting investment and creating jobs ; first finding a successful niche in electronics manufacturing by touting Singapore as an alternative to Hong Kong , which he said was in turmoil due to the Cultural Revolution in China . While Lee has been lauded for his economic accomplishments , he also created a Singapore bound by stringent laws and regulations that dictated most , if not all , aspects of society -- including media and political freedoms , censorship and even the selling of chewing gum . The country ranks 150th in Reporters Without Borders ' 2014 Media Freedom Index , putting it just above the Democratic Republic of Congo , Mexico and Iraq . The New York Times , The Economist , the International Herald Tribune and the Asian Wall Street Journal have all been targeted with the "  judicial harassment " employed by the Lee family , according to the media watchdog . In a 2014 article for CNN , opposition politician Dr. Chee Soon Juan criticized Singapore 's authoritarian system , blaming a lack of dissenting views for economic inequality and worsening working conditions . "  The ranks of the opposition , civil society and labor movement have been decimated in the last 50 years through imprisonment without trial and criminal prosecution , and nearly every newspaper , TV channel and radio station is owned and run by the state , " Chee said . But in a 2008 interview with CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , Lee rebuffed charges that Singapore was too domineering or coercive a state . "  I want social peace and stability within the country . I am not following any prescription given to me by any theoretician on democracy , " he said . While Lee is likely to be remembered with affection and pride by many Singaporeans , a younger generation , with no memory of the poverty and violence that marked the country 's birth , is questioning the Lee dynasty 's control of Singaporean politics and pushing for greater democracy . In 2011 , the People 's Action Party lost six seats to the opposition , prompting Lee , then the party 's "  minister mentor " and another former prime minister , Goh Chok Tong , to resign . In a joint letter to parliament , the two explained they "  decided to leave the Cabinet and have a completely younger team of ministers to connect to and engage with this young generation in shaping the future of our Singapore . " How Singapore copes with these democratic demands will be key to its success in its second half-century , but those demands are unlikely to detract from Lee 's achievements in its first 50 years . In 2010 , Time magazine listed Lee as one of world 's 100 most influential people . "  The mark of a great leader is to take his society from where it is to where it has never been , " wrote former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger in the article on Lee . "  There is no better strategic thinker in the world today . "	Lee Kuan Yew became Prime Minister in 1959 He presided over Singapore 's bitter split from Malaysia in 1965 Lee faced criticism for stifling media freedom and the harsh treatment of political opponents
CNN  -- Instead of shelling out hard-earned cash for a sassy new outfit , dig deep in your inspirational bank for something that fits your personal style as if it were tailor-made . Simple DIY projects easily become insert-your-name-here couture that will turn any day into your own fashion show . "  It 's really the best form of self-expression one can have , " Kirsten Nunez , founder of DIY blog Studs and Pearls , said . "  You 're making something that 's all you . DIY has influenced people to look at the artistic expression of fashion , rather than the monetary value of it . " If you 've ever thought remaking a thrift store find or starting an outfit from scratch was intimidating , never fear -- the fabulous ladies of DIY fashion are here , armed with blogs full of photo-illustrated , step-by-step tutorials , endless inspiration and the confidence that comes from wearing your own design . DIY blogger Jessica Quirk said there are three magic words that can turn her day golden -- "  You made that ? " "  That 's my favorite question , " Quirk said . "  It 's just a natural thing for me . Why buy it if you can make it ? I love coming back from the fabric store , washing the fabric and whipping something up . " Two kinds of shoppers can benefit from DIY fashion -- the ones who do n't want to shell out for designer pieces and those who never find the right fit or style . Quirk , 28 , began sewing at age 10 . Four years ago , she began taking photos of her outfits on a daily basis . A year later , she began What I Wore , posting daily photos and pointing out the pieces she made . It became part of what is essentially a neighborhood of DIY fashion blogs . Quirk 's daily chic ensembles look like the latest trends on the runways or throwbacks to extravagant vintage designs . In reality , the outfits are a combination of DIY , thrift finds and even pieces from more inexpensive stores like Target . "  You do n't have to buy expensive things to look good , " Quirk said . "  Everything I do is something I 've conjured up . What looks expensive can end up being a $ 4 project . " Jenni Radosevich , the mind behind I Spy DIY , also has a monthly column for InStyle Magazine . "  It 's the whole idea of crafting something you 're proud of , " Radosevich said . "  I like creating what I ca n't find and when people find household items and turn them into something else . It 's turning something you get at Home Depot into fashion . " DIY tutorials fill the site . Basing her ideas on designer trends , Radosevich demonstrates step by step how to take something like a plain pair of black oxfords and turn them into a similar Dolce & Gabbana style . Other intriguing posts take up the challenge of converting a feather duster into a stylish purse -- with success . Readers even send in photos of their own versions , and ask things such as , "  I have some extra fringe , what can I create with it ? " "  The whole nature of DIY is finding ways to create things and share it with everyone else , " Radosevich said . "  DIY has always been around . Now , people are realizing they can blog about it . It 's great to see this dialogue about fashion . " Next to Radosevich , no one loves sharing DIY ideas more than Erica Domesek , whose motto is , "  Re-imagine , reuse and reinvent : I see it . I like it . I make it . " Domesek has a website named "  P.S. -- I made this ... " and has written a book with the same name . Domesek 's wants to take the intimidation factor out of DIY and share her creativity with the world . Nothing is impossible to Domesek . If something catches your eye in the store , you can find a way to make it happen on your own , Domesek said . Think about what attracts you to it , and how can you make it . If that leaves you shaking in your thrifty boots , just Google a how-to . Or , look around the house for old clothes and get creative , Domesek said . Domesek 's media brand and blog was born of the same desire to create . When a friend told her about a $ 600 necklace she 'd been eyeing , Domesek 's craftiness kicked into high gear . "  We can make that , " she said . During a girls night in , they recreated the necklace for a fraction of the cost . It turned into a monthly craft club . As she began to wear her crafts in public , people would ask about the designs . Her wry , quirky response was always "  P.S. , I made this . " "  There 's a tiny little Oprah in me that wants to teach people , " Domesek said . "  It 's so easy to make things . What gets me excited is showing people what I make and how to make things , to inspire and educate by reaching an audience . " From sassy hats to "  upscaled " shoes and everything in between , Domesek covers all of the bases with her easy to follow tutorials . Carly Cais writes the Chic Steals blog , which publishes a weekly round-up of links to easy , fun tutorials from around the Web , as well as her own . Chic Steals started in January 2008 as a weekly column on Fashion Tribes . It has evolved into a blog for all of her writing and DIY projects , plus tutorial links . Her first published project , a man 's shirt turned into a dress , was re-posted over the internet numerous times . "  People love taking something normal and making it more chic , " Cais said . "  There 's an emergence of an interest in creating current fashion with what you have in your closet and re-interpreting the runways to your own personal taste . " Cais enjoys looking at impossibly-priced designer collection shows and translating the ensembles into easy-to-make home projects . Just by looking at a photo , Cais can break down a piece into a pattern . DIY blogs express unique voices in the fashion world . Whether just gleaning inspiration from handcrafted ensembles or taking on a weekend project for Monday 's power outfit , DIY fashion is both accessible and easy . Domesek recommends starting small . See a trendy multi-finger ring you like ? Follow the steps on Studs and Pearls by combining rhinestone trim , three ring blanks and Super Glue . In a matter of minutes , you have flashy piece of DIY jewelry . Then , you can say , "  Yes , I made this , " and savor the fit of items you crafted , or re-crafted , just for yourself . "  I get a great sense of pride for setting out to do something , doing it and enjoying the finished product , " Quirk said . "  You wear around this badge of honor , except it 's a pair of pants or a shirt . "	DIY fashion blogs share tutorials that are photo-illustrated and easy to follow The blogs can simply inspire or provide further information about crafting DIY fashion is an inexpensive way to sport your own personal style
CNN  -- If you thought the Supreme Court 's ruling two years ago remaking the individual mandate into a tax was the end of the legal threat to the Affordable Care Act , think again . Set aside Hobby Lobby and similar lawsuits ; those are important for religious liberty but do n't threaten Obamacare 's existence . Instead , as we saw Tuesday , courts are again considering serious challenges that strike at the core of how Obamacare operates . First , in Halbig v. Burwell , the D.C. Circuit -- the federal appellate court that oversees executive agencies -- held that the IRS broke the law in issuing tax credits for people to buy policies from federal insurance exchanges . A couple of hours later , however , in King v. Burwell , the Richmond-based 4th Circuit ruled in favor of the government 's authority to provide these credits . FAQ : What the Obamacare court decisions mean for you What 's going on here and what 's the big deal about some obscure tax regulations ? As it turns out , these tax credits , better known as subsidies , make Obamacare tick , even more than the individual mandate . Without them , consumers face the full cost of health care , which is a sticker shock that would further turn the public against the law and finally force the administration to reopen it . It 's also these subsidies that trigger taxes on employers and individuals who do n't buy the requisite level of care . So what the two courts are debating is whether President Obama illegally spent billions of taxpayer dollars and subjected millions of people to illegal taxes . Watchdog : Fake applicants got Obamacare subsidies The problem lies buried deep in the text of the Affordable Care Act , which provides federal subsidies only to taxpayers who enroll in exchanges "  established by the state . " As Judge Thomas Griffith , a moderate George W. Bush appointee who was supported by then-Sen . Barack Obama , wrote for the D.C. Circuit , "  the federal government is not a ` state , ' " and therefore "  a federal exchange is not an ` exchange established by the state . ' " That should be the end of the discussion , and it would be in any sane world . But the government and its defenders argue , apparently channeling Humpty Dumpty 's mantra that a word means just what he chooses it to mean , that "  established by a state " is synonymous with "  established by the federal government . " Thus , in the King ruling , Judge Roger Gregory , whom Bush appointed in a good-faith gesture after his nomination expired under Bill Clinton , somehow found the language to be "  ambiguous " and deferred to the agency 's reading . After all , why would n't Congress make subsidies available to all ? Such questions of legislative history are irrelevant when the text is clear , but there 's actually a simple answer : the Affordable Care Act 's drafters wanted to give states an incentive to set up exchanges . That 's not uncommon ; for example , only residents of cooperating states get Medicaid assistance . Unfortunately for Obamacare 's proponents , however , only 14 states and the District of Columbia chose to establish their own exchanges . If the D.C. Appeals Court ruling is correct , that means millions of people in 36 states are receiving subsidies for which they are n't eligible . Study : Obamacare gave 10 million Americans health insurance After-the-fact rationalizations notwithstanding , the concession that Obamacare 's designers did n't anticipate so many state vetoes does n't retroactively rewrite the plain language of the law . The fault lies squarely with those drafters , not the lawyers who point out the IRS abuse or the judges who strike it down . The government will see rehearing by the entire D.C. Circuit ; having stacked the court after Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid eliminated filibusters of judicial nominations , President Obama figures he has a good chance to reverse Halbig . At the same time , Mike Carvin , the lawyer for the plaintiffs in both cases , will bypass the similarly unfriendly 4th Circuit and ask the Supreme Court to hear King . The high court could decide not to act until the D.C. Circuit rules , presumably eliminating the circuit split and thus the necessity of taking up the issue . But two more cases are coming behind these , one brought by Oklahoma 's attorney general and the other by the state of Indiana . Waiting another year or two would only increase the economic damage of the IRS ' shell game . The sooner the administration is forced to fix Obamacare , the better for the country and its battered rule of law .	Ilya Shapiro : Court challenges are striking at the core of how Obamacare operates Shapiro : Who is eligible for subsidies ? Without them , consumers face full , high costs Shapiro : Law says those in state exchanges are eligible , not federal exchanges Shapiro thinks millions of people in 36 states with federal exchanges get subsidies illegally
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Police in India summarily execute prisoners , torture and threaten suspects and arrest people without reason , a leading rights group said Tuesday . Human Rights Watch says individial officers are not to blame for abuses . India 's police have largely failed to evolve from the repressive forces they were designed to be under Britain 's colonial regime , according to a new report by the U.S.-based Human Rights Watch . "  While 60 years later , much of India is in the process of rapid modernization , the police continue to use their old methods , " the group said . Officials at the Federal Home Ministry -- which is responsible for the police -- offered no immediate comment . The report cited abuse and threats as a primary tactic for investigating crime and enforcing the law in India . It said the system rather than individual officers or commanders was partly to blame . "  The institutional culture of police practically discourages officers from acting otherwise , failing to give them the resources , training , ethical environment and encouragement to develop professional police tactics , " it said . The Federal Home Ministry will study the report before responding , said R.K. Sharma , its deputy secretary dealing with human rights issues , but some former police officers agreed that the force had yet to modernize . Nikhil Kumar , former police commissioner of New Delhi and head of an association of retired officers from the Indian capital , charged that almost all Indian states had been reluctant to carry out police reforms . State chief ministers , he said , had rejected any moves aimed at granting greater autonomy to the police for fear it would loosen their control over the force . "  The police inherited a colonial legacy . In the last 60 years or so , they should have come out of it , but this has n't happened . What has happened is that British masters have been replaced by Indian masters , " Kumar remarked . The legal basis for much of India 's state and federal police services is a law dating back to 1861 , which was drafted in the wake of an 1857 uprising against British rule . India gained its independence from Britain in 1947 . Kumar said a national police commission had recommended scrapping the 1861 law some 30 years ago , but said it had not been acted upon except for what he called "  small changes . " Top serving officers from Uttar Pradesh and Karnataka , states HRW used for its field research , refused comment on the report . "  I have to study it first , " Karnataka police chief Ajay Kumar Singh said . Brij Lal , additional director general of police in Uttar Pradesh , gave the same response . Successive governments for decades have failed to deliver on promises to hold the police accountable for abuses and to build professional , rights-respecting police forces , HRW said . "  Colonial-era police laws enable state and local politicians to interfere routinely in police operations , sometimes directing police officers to drop investigations against people with political connections , including known criminals , and to harass or file false charges against political opponents , " it added . Moreover , abysmal conditions for police officers also contribute to violations , the report noted . Low-ranking officers often work in difficult conditions and are required to be on-call 24 hours a day , every day , it said . "  They often lack necessary equipment , including vehicles , mobile phones , investigative tools and even paper on which to record complaints and make notes , " the HRW said . The 118-page report , "  Broken System : Dysfunction , Abuse and Impunity in the Indian Police , " is based on interviews with more than 80 police officers of varying ranks , 60 people who said they were victims of police abuse , and numerous discussions with experts and civil society activists . "  It 's time for the government to stop talking about reform and fix the system , " said Brad Adams , HRW 's Asia director , in a statement .	Human Rights Watch accuses Indian police of abuses Group blames colonial-era police system rather than individuals No immediate comment from Indian authorities
Berlin  CNN  -- Germany 's top constitutional court Wednesday rejected a lawsuit charging that the bailout of Greece was illegal , but it said lawmakers would have to approve any future bailouts . The decision halts a move that could have thrown doubt on future efforts to prop up the euro and gives embattled Chancellor Angela Merkel breathing space . Opponents of the bailout argued that it violated the powers of Germany 's parliament , the Bundestag , but the Federal Constitutional Court rejected that argument . Berlin has been pouring money into the economies of Greece and Ireland in an effort to save the common European currency they all share , the euro -- a move that has angered many Germans and badly hurt Merkel 's popularity . The court ruling is a partial victory for Merkel , but it limits the future ability of a German government to pump cash into weaker economies . The ruling means in the future the chancellor will not be able to move quickly to prop up problem euro zone economies . Instead , she will have to present a plan to a fractious Bundestag . Lawmakers "  must remain in control of fundamental budget policy decisions , " the court said in ordering "  mandatory approval " by parliament of bailouts in the future . CNN 's Sarah Sultoon and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	The Federal Constitutional Court throws out a legal challenge to the bailout But it says lawmakers must approve any future bailouts Berlin has been trying to prop up the economies of Greece and Italy -- angering many Germans
CNN  -- Gennaro Gattuso has ended speculation over his future by signing a new AC Milan contract , the Serie A club have announced . Gattuso has been linked with moves to the English Premier League in recent weeks as he was said to be unhappy with his first-team opportunities after battling injury . But the club have confirmed he will be remaining in Milan for the next three years . "  Milan announce that Rino Gattuso has extended his contract with the club until 30 June 2012 , " said a statement on the club 's official Web site . Gattuso , who turns 32 next month , has spent the last decade with Milan after spells with Perugia , Glasgow giants Rangers and Salernitana early in his career . He also has 70 caps for Italy and was a member of the World Cup-winning squad in 2006 .	Gennaro Gattuso has ended speculation over his future by signing a new contract at AC Milan Gattuso has been linked with moves to the English Premier League in recent weeks But the club have confirmed he will be remaining in Milan for the next three years
MIAMI  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton covered all her bases in Miami on Thursday : She padded her wallet with a paid speech , pitched her memoir with a book signing and fundraised for a Democrat in a critical presidential state . This is becoming a familiar formula for Clinton . In October alone Clinton has four trips planned -- to Miami , Chicago , Las Vegas and San Francisco -- where she will combine a paid speech with either a book event or a fundraiser for a Democratic candidate or group . The strategy is part logistical , part practical for Clinton . But as she considers a presidential run in 2016 , it is also calculated . Campaigning for Democrats in 2014 allows her to curry favor with her party ahead of 2016 , while selling her book and speaking to paid gigs lets her raise her profile  not that it is needed  and toy with talking points in front of supportive audiences . Clinton ended her day Thursday in Florida at the sprawling Biltmore Hotel in Coral Gables at a fundraiser for Charlie Crist , Florida 's Republican-turned-independent-turned-Democratic candidate for governor . The event was closed to the press , but according to multiple sources in the room , Clinton both touted Crist as the right choice for governor and spoke about bigger picture issues like the a woman 's right to choose , growing the middle class and the importance of the space program to Florida . The audience responded well to Clinton 's fundraising calls , according to those in the room , and a Crist campaign spokesman told CNN that the event raised roughly $ 1 million for the Democrat 's effort . The most expensive table at the event cost $ 50,000 . Clinton also said , according to one source , that she believed in "  redemption and second chances , " a remark that was seen as an acknowledgment of Crist 's past as a Republican who called on Bill Clinton to resign the presidency during the Monica Lewinsky scandal . The former Secretary of State started her day , however , at the Loews Miami Beach Hotel , a white washed , swanky establishment were the Clinton was paid to appear before 1,200 people at the Commercial Real Estate Women Network Convention . The event was announced in May , long before her appearance with Crist was announced last month . Her speech to the women 's group focused almost exclusively on attaining an equal playing field for women in business , sports and politics . Clinton called for paid leave , affordable childcare and equal pay for equal work during her speech -- all issues that would likely make up corner stones of a hypothetical presidential run . "  I believe if we do n't dare to compete , " Clinton told the women , "  we will never know what we are capable of doing . " She later implored the women in the audience to take risks : "  I can not tell you how important it is for women like us , all of you and me and other like us , to model that risk taking . To get out of our own comfort zones , to be willing to fail . I have done that , too , on a very large stage . " The crowd was receptive , with one woman holding up a sign from Clinton 's failed 2008 presidential campaign . "  You look beautiful , " one woman screamed at the start of the speech . "  I think it is a grandmother glow , " a loose and comfortable Clinton retorted . Shortly after the event , Clinton and her relatively small traveling entourage whisked across town to Book & Books in Coral Gables to sign copies of her memoir "  Hard Choices . " While Clinton 's book events have become more sporadic than they were over the summer , the Miami event was added long after Clinton 's attendance at CREW was confirmed . Over a thousand well-wishers braved the suffocating humidity and soaking rain to shake hands with Clinton and exchange pleasantries . Outside the event , Ready for Hillary -- the super PAC trailing Clinton to book events -- signed supporters up . "  Looks like there are some teeth coming in , " proclaimed Clinton when she was presented a toddler . "  Goodness you are well dressed today , " she joked to a man dressed in a blue stars and stripes sport coat . As for 2016 -- a question that came up a handful of times -- Clinton dodged and laughed . "  I 'm waiting for you to announce , I hope it will be soon , " said one woman . "  Thank you , " Clinton responded . And just like that , after less than 12 hours in Miami , Clinton and her entourage were back to New York . All in a days work for a women who has books to sell , money to make and Democrats to support . Oh yeah , and a 2016 presidential campaign to consider .	Hillary Clinton was in Miami on Thursday for a fundraiser , a book event and a speech Clinton touted Charlie Crist , who 's running for governor again Clinton has four similar trips planned across the U.S. this month alone
CNN  As a proud Army mother , Kelly Copeland can not bear to see "  American Sniper , " even though it now rates as the biggest grossing war movie of all time . Her son , Brandon Smith , told her that his life mirrored the movie . "  I ca n't bring myself to watch it , " Copeland said . Smith was only 20 when he was assigned to the sniper section of a mortar platoon at the height of the Iraq war . When I met him there in early 2008 , he told me he was well-suited for his mission . He grew up hunting in Georgia and was used to waiting for his prey . Not every soldier has that kind of patience . Not every soldier can become a sniper . Smith already had his first confirmed kill when we met . He was hungry for another one . And he got more , though he would n't tell me how many when I caught up with him this week after I saw the movie . "  I really do n't want to talk about that , " he said . But what he did say was that just like Chris Kyle , the central character of "  American Sniper , " he felt he was doing the right thing . "  I enjoyed being on a roof , knowing that any moment now , this could be it . I enjoyed the thrill of getting a shot out . I liked killing the enemy . " The Oscar-nominated blockbuster biopic , which tells the story of the most lethal sniper in U.S. history , has fueled intense debate over the film 's message . Is it anti-war or not ? Is Kyle a hero or a psychopath ? Those questions -- and interest in the movie -- may only intensify as the soldier accused of killing Kyle and his friend Chad Littlefield goes to trial in the coming days . Jury selection in the case of former Marine Eddie Ray Routh was scheduled to begin Thursday in Stephenville , Texas . It 's expected that mental health will be key -- Kyle and Littlefield were helping Routh with rehabilitation at a rifle range when Routh gunned them down two years ago . I 've met sharpshooters who relished the moment of a kill . Some liked the adrenaline and the satisfaction of vanquishing a foe . Others were drawn to the stark simplicity of a life-and-death moment -- when nothing else seemed important . No matter the perspective , I 've heard a couple of constant themes from soldiers . "  American Sniper , " they say , is a must-see for anyone who wants to understand the American experience in Iraq . Still , for those who fought in uniform , especially sharpshooters , it can be difficult to watch . Smith mentioned a scene toward the end of the movie in which Kyle , played by Bradley Cooper , adjusts his scope and targets an Iraqi sniper as a dust storm clouds the air . This is supposed to be Kyle 's legendary longest shot at 2,100 yards away . The first time Smith killed , he did the same from a rooftop in restive Arab Jabour , southeast of Baghdad . He scoured the area with high-powered opticals known as the Long Range Advanced Scout Surveillance System . There was no dust storm , but it was early in the morning and hard to focus through dense fog . Smith spotted a man trying to hide from helicopters overhead . He saw him pick up an object , put it over his shoulder and attempt to cover it with a blanket . Smith thought it might be a shaped-charge explosive that can pierce armored vehicles . "  I remember it to this day , like I was still sitting there , " he said . He heard the command , "  engage , " and opened fire with his .50 - caliber rifle -- two rounds through the trees , two more on either side . His shot was 1,243 yards . He anticipated he would be upset by his first kill . He was n't . "  I was n't nervous or anything . I did n't feel nothing , " he later told Darren Turner , the battalion chaplain who counseled Smith in Iraq and who I followed for many weeks for a series about a man of God in a place of war . Even then , I heard Smith speak lines that Kyle echoes in "  American Sniper " : Their kills saved American lives , and that 's what mattered . Only 2 % of men are not loath to kill , wrote Dave Grossman in his landmark book "  On Killing : The Psychological Cost of Learning to Kill in War and Society . " Chaplain Turner thought Smith might be one of them , though he worried how it would affect the young soldier later on . Smith still believes he , like Kyle , is one of the 2 % . "  When you are bred to kill , you know . You just know , " he said . Smith is a civilian now ; he repairs substations for an electrical company . He is 6 years older and has a wife and two little children . But he sounds far less sure of himself than when I first saw him wearing a sweat-drenched patrol cap and nursing the Copenhagen Long Cut stuffed in his jaw . He returned home from Iraq and rode his motorbike at crazy speeds on the highway . He took a fancy to bull riding . He did another tour in 2009 and admits that he has become an angry person . "  I go from zero to 90 real quick , " he told me . He tried to beat up his dog once , just like Kyle does in the movie . On his first tour , he was troubled by the howls of a woman and her two daughters after Smith 's team killed her husband . He thought then about how his own mother and two brothers would react to his death . The opening scene of the movie , when Kyle takes aim at a woman and child , took Smith back to that day . He told me that when he closes his eyes every night , he sees faces , hears screams . "  Everyone thinks I 'm crazy , " he said . "  I 'm just trying to fit in . " I asked him the same question his counselor did : "  Do you have any regrets ? " "  That 's not me , " Smith replied . That 's not Louis Bravo or any of the other snipers I have spoken with either . Bravo , who now works as an Army recruiter , enjoyed watching "  American Sniper " and said that for some reason , he "  welcomed the memories . " He said he never struggled with what he saw and did at war , but the film 's homefront scenes resonated . Bravo also was only 20 when he did his first tour of Iraq . He returned to America to no one , as he put it . He completed sniper training at elite institutions and twice competed in the International Sniper Competition . He was a sniper team leader in Afghanistan . "  Being a sniper is in fact different than just being infantry , " Bravo told me . "  It 's an added stressor as everyone expects more from you . Or that every sniper should be able to perform at Hollywood level because they saw Mark Wahlberg in ` Shooter . ' " And now , Cooper in "  American Sniper . " For snipers , it 's always about watching and waiting on a target . And watching and waiting some more . But after a while , Bravo said , it felt like any other job . It was the months after his second tour that became a problem for Bravo . On that return , he had a wife and child waiting for him at home . There are scenes in "  American Sniper " that played out at Bravo 's home , lines that were spoken verbatim . About Bravo 's absence , his distance , changes in his demeanor . "  What 's hard to grasp is that nothing is the same . ... You , your spouse , kids , house , bills , schools , job , interaction skills , emotions are all tainted and jumbled up in what 's left of your brain , " Bravo said . At one point in the movie , Kyle is back home sitting in front of a television set staring at what sounds like a battlefield . "  Why is he watching that stuff ? " Bravo 's wife asked him as they viewed the movie together . "  He 's not , " he told his wife . And , sure enough , Bravo had called the scene correctly -- before the camera turns to show a blank TV screen and the audience realizes that the noises are inside Kyle 's head . Bravo , now 30 , has had those moments . "  I zoned out thinking of a terrible mission I was on . " Bravo was lucky . It took eight months of nightmares , marriage counseling and a close call on divorce , but he managed to snap out of his post-war haze . "  I 'm glad I have my husband back , " his wife told him . "  When she said it , I kind of looked at her funny . I did n't feel any different . I did n't claim PTSD , " Bravo said . "  But if you ask my wife , I was a train wreck for eight months . " Bravo said he did n't know how many kills he had . Kyle , he said , was a brilliant marksman , but he also happened to be in all of the hot spots in Iraq . He faced Sunni insurgents in Falluja and Shiite militants in Sadr City . The places where Kyle went , said Bravo , every Iraqi was the enemy . "  Critics are twisting it and saying that we thought of them all as savages , " he said . In Kyle 's autobiography , on which the movie is based , he wrote that he loved being a Navy SEAL . "  I only wish I had killed more , " he wrote . "  I loved what I did . I still do . If circumstances were different -- if my family did n't need me -- I 'd be back in a heartbeat . " I 've heard that before from soldiers I met in Iraq . I heard it again this week from Smith . He said "  American Sniper " made him miss the battlefield even more . "  I was proud of what I did there , " he said . "  Now that I am out , I feel like a nobody . " His mother understands her son is having a difficult time . She just wants back the mama 's boy who made her laugh . "  I love him with everything I have , " she said . "  I miss my son . " She thought she knew the boy she raised until the day he became a sniper .	Brandon Smith believes he is well-suited to be a sniper He , like Chris Kyle in the movie "  American Sniper , " has no regrets about killing the enemy He was proud of what he did in Iraq and has struggled with adjusting to a more mundane existence
CNN  -- He was the "  Blade Runner , " the miracle man and the Paralympic athlete that could take on the very best able-bodied competitors . It was a high-profile career that inspired millions , earned lucrative sponsorship deals and bridged the gap between Olympic and Paralympic competition . Yet those remarkable sporting triumphs and the fame and fortune it brought Oscar Pistorius receded into the distance as the South African stood motionless in the dock in Pretoria as he received a five-year sentence for the fatal shooting of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp on Valentine 's Day 2013 . In the most favorable scenario for Pistorius , he could be released from prison in 10 months under house arrest . But even then , former athletes , officials and marketing experts believe a full comeback will be extremely difficult . The competition ban A dramatic return in time for the 2016 Paralympics is out of the question after the International Paralympic Committee  IPC  stated that Pistorius would be banned from competing for five years . The IPC had previously stated that the South African would be allowed to compete in Rio if he was not in jail . While there is a possibility Pistorius may be out of prison before the Games begin in Brazil , the IPC has since clarified that this will also include any period that Pistorius serves out under house arrest . "  We 've been quite clear throughout this process we would respect what sanctions the judge put down , " IPC director of media and communications , Craig Spence , told CNN . "  Oscar can resume his career if he so wishes once he 's served his sentence in full , " Spence added , before clarifying that the IPC 's position may change should the sentence be reduced or lengthened . Since bursting on to the scene at the Athens Games of 2004 , Pistorius has been the Paralympic movement 's poster-boy . Spence acknowledged the huge impact Pistorius has had but he pointed to the wealth of talent and inspirational athletes competing at the London Paralympics to emphasize the strength and depth that now exists in para sports . "  What London 2012 showed for us all is that the Paralympic movement is more than one athlete . There were lots of athletes that made the headlines in London ... and the Paralympic movement has continued to go from strength to strength since  then  . " The IOC , meanwhile , refused to be drawn on whether today 's sentencing meant Pistorius would be able to compete in future events . "  We take note of the court 's decision , " said the IOC in a statement . "  This is a human tragedy for the family of Reeva Steenkamp and also for Oscar Pistorius . We hope very much that time will bring comfort to all those concerned but at this stage we have no further comment to make . " The sporting condition Pistorius will be 32 in 2019 when his five-year sentence is up . The Tokyo Olympics of 2020 could still offer a shot at sporting redemption but there will clearly be a question mark on whether Pistorius ' athletic powers will be on the wane by then . Former Paralympic athletes like Britain 's Dame Tanni-Grey Thompson have previously stated that even making the 2016 Olympics having missed months of training and competition would have been difficult for Pistorius . Members of the Pistorius family also recently told CNN 's Robyn Curnow that the athlete 's future career is not part of his immediate plans . Instead , he would focus on his life in jail , potentially starting a running or gym club whilst behind bars . His uncle , Arnold Pistorius , told reporters earlier Tuesday that "  Oscar will embrace this opportunity to pay back to society . As an uncle , I hope Oscar will start his own healing process as he walks down the path of restoration . As a family , we are ready to support and guide Oscar as he serves his sentence . " The sponsors and the brand Even if Pistorius does manage to make a miraculous sporting comeback , it is highly unlikely he will be as big a draw to sponsors and fans as he has been in the past . The athlete 's image was pulled from billboards across South Africa after his arrest in 2013 and sponsors suspended their deals . "  This is the end of his brand , " said Simon Chadwick , professor of sport business strategy and marketing at Coventry University , who added that Pistorius ' transgression was very different to the indiscretions of sports stars like Tiger Woods or Lance Armstrong , who lost sponsors . "  None of those people actually killed anyone . It 's going to be very , very difficult and very risky for a commercial partner to associate with Pistorius , " Chadwick said . "  It will reflect too negatively for  anyone  to make a commitment to Pistorius . I think as a global and an international property , this is it , it 's over , it 's the end . " However , there are commercial options potentially still available to Pistorius . "  If he comes out of prison and seeks in some way to redeem himself -- maybe if he was to become a very high profile campaigner for women 's rights or for ending violence against women -- and was seen to be taking what has happened ultra-seriously , certain types of brands could be interested , " Chadwick said . "  That 's a real outside chance and Pistorius would have to work very , very hard . " The second option would be if he was able to attract lots of small sponsor . "  He was a trailblazer in the sense he put the Paralympic movement on the map and in short he 'll be cheap , " added Chadwick . "  Small brands trying to raise awareness might choose to associate with the athlete , " but any campaigns would likely be "  very low key and possibly domestic . " Another option is for Pistorius to cash in on giving his side of the story . "  The third way back for him would inevitably be book deals , maybe a deal for TV -- commercially it may well be he makes money that way , " Chadwick said . "  What Pistorius needs right now is very careful advice from representatives who really do know what they 're doing . "  On the one hand there are commercial opportunities there for him but they need to be handled very gently and very thoughtfully . If he 's seen to be making too much money it will undermine efforts at redemption . "  For his agent , business managers , communications consultants this is a huge and very tricky job , "  added Chadwick . "  I 'm really not sure there will be a way back for him . Unless he goes straight into the next Paralympics , breaks a world record and makes all the right noises on redemption . " PROFILES : Reeva Steenkamp , Oscar Pistorius CNN 's Robyn Curnow and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this story .	Oscar Pistorius sentenced to five years for shooting girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp IPC ban Pistorious from competition for five years Marketing expert says this is the end for Pistorius brand
Greece and Italy may seem like obvious choices for the discerning traveler because of their ancient attractions , spectacular cuisine and laid-back culture . Yet even those popular spots have corners yet to be discovered by the traveling masses . That 's why Lonely Planet has named them to its 2014 Best in Europe list . Ten European destinations with interesting food , architecture and history were chosen by the travel publisher 's writers and editors to encourage travelers to explore someplace new on the continent . Picks include island settings , picturesque villages in the countryside and an excellent beer town . "  We 're pointing out places that would be fun for tourists to discover , " says Noirin Hegarty , Lonely Planet 's managing destination editor . "  This list was about introducing and reintroducing places . " Think they picked the right spots ? Click through the gallery to find out . 29 beach photos that 'll make you drool Nature 's most spectacular shows World 's top 25 amusement parks	These European spots are worth a visit in 2014 Greece and Italy offer more than the obvious to the European explorer It 's Vikings for Denmark and the city of beer in the Czech Republic
CNN  -- From Woodstock and a man on the moon to the Manson murders and the Stonewall riots , the summer of 1969 was a tumultuous and eventful time . Listed below are a few of the historic and memorable moments from that summer . April 23 | Sirhan Sirhan sentenced Sirhan Sirhan , convicted of murdering New York Sen. Robert F. Kennedy during the 1968 presidential campaign , is sentenced to death a week after being found guilty . Three years later , his sentence is commuted to life in prison after California abolishes the death penalty . May 18 | Apollo 10 The Apollo 10 mission is a dress rehearsal for the lunar landing module . This mission tested "  all aspects of the lunar landing mission exactly as it would be performed , except for the actual landing , " according to NASA . It also transmitted the first color pictures of Earth from space . May 23 | The Who releases "  Tommy " The Who , a key band of the 1960s British Invasion , releases the rock opera "  Tommy . " The double album features songs like "  Pinball Wizard " and "  Tommy , Can You Hear Me ? " May 24 | Beatles ' "  Get Back " is No. 1 "  Get Back " by the Beatles becomes the top song on Billboard 's list and stays there for five weeks . Released as a single , the song later appeared on the "  Let it be " album . "  Aquarius/Let the Sunshine in " by the Fifth Dimension was the second song on the list for that week . May 25 | "  Midnight Cowboy " released John Schlesinger 's "  Midnight Cowboy , " starring Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman , is released with an X rating , the first ever in wide release . The film received seven Academy Award nominations and won three , including best picture . Other notable movies released during that year include "  Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , " "  Easy Rider " and "  True Grit . " June 3 | Last episode of ` Star Trek ' airs The last episode of the original "  Star Trek " airs on NBC . During the episode , titled "  Turnabout Intruder , " one of Captain Kirk 's former lovers steals his body . June 6 | Joe Namath briefly retires Joe Namath , the star New York Jets quarterback who famously guaranteed a Super Bowl victory , briefly retires from the National Football League over a conflict with league Commissioner Pete Rozelle . June 8 | Nixon and Vietnam President Nixon , after being elected on a campaign pledge to pull troops out of Southeast Asia , announces the withdrawal of 25,000 U.S. troops from Vietnam . June 9 / June 23 | Burger becomes chief justice Appointed by President Nixon , Warren Burger is confirmed as the chief justice of the Supreme Court on June 9 , succeeding Earl Warren . Two weeks later , he is sworn in . In 1973 , Burger votes with the majority in the landmark Roe v. Wade case , establishing a woman 's right to an abortion . June 28 | Stonewall riots A confrontation between gay rights activists and police outside the Stonewall Inn -- a gay bar in Greenwich Village , New York City -- escalates into a riot . Over the next four decades , the riots act as a symbolic force for the burgeoning gay rights movement . July 25 | Sen. Kennedy and Chappaquiddick Democratic Massachusetts Sen. Ted Kennedy receives a two-month suspended prison sentence after pleading guilty to leaving the scene of a fatal accident . Mary Jo Kopechne , once a campaign worker for Sen. Robert Kennedy , drowned in the July 18 accident in Chappaquiddick , Massachusetts . July 20 | Moon landing Apollo 11 , carrying three U.S. astronauts , lands on the moon . Mission commander Neil Armstrong was the first man on the moon ; crewmate Buzz Aldrin also walked on the moon . The third man on the mission was Michael Collins . Six lunar landings followed . July 24 | Muhammad Ali convicted Boxing champion Muhammad Ali is convicted of evading the draft after he refused to be inducted into the U.S. Army . Two years earlier , Ali applied for an exemption as a conscientious objector but was denied . He was stripped of his fighting license and title . He returned to the ring in 1970 , and his conviction was overturned by the U.S. Supreme Court in 1971 . August 9-10 | The Manson murders During a two-night rampage , pregnant actress Sharon Tate and seven others are killed by Charles Manson and his "  Family . " Manson and four others -- Susan Atkins , Patricia Krenwinkel , Charles "  Tex " Watson and Leslie Van Houten -- were later convicted of murder and other charges . Their death sentences were commuted to life imprisonment in 1972 . August 14 | British troops sent to Northern Ireland More than 300 British troops are ordered into a Londonderry neighborhood in Northern Ireland after three nights of clashes between police and Catholic residents . The troops were supposed to stay for days , but the conflict lasted decades . The number of British troops stationed in Northern Ireland peaked at 30,000 in the early 1970s . August 14 | The Miracle Mets The New York Mets fall nine games behind the Chicago Cubs in the National League race but , led by future Hall of Fame pitchers Nolan Ryan and Tom Seaver , stage a comeback in the months that followed to capture the pennant . They went on to defeat the Baltimore Orioles for the Word Series title . August 15-18 | Woodstock Nearly 400,000 people show up at a farm in Bethel , New York , for a music festival that features legendary acts Jimi Hendrix , the Who , the Grateful Dead , Janis Joplin and Sly and the Family Stone . The event would help define an era . August 17 | Hurricane Camille More than 250 people are killed in Mississippi and Louisiana when Hurricane Camille strikes the United States mainland . At its peak , Camille was a Category 5 storm , packing winds stronger than 200 mph and leaving tides measuring higher than 20 feet in its wake . September 1 | Gadhafi assumes power Moammar Gadhafi , a military captain at the time , deposes King Idris and assumes control of Libya . He remains in power to this day . September 24 | The "  Chicago 8 " trial begins A trial gets under way for eight people -- known as the "  Chicago 8 " -- who were indicted on charges connected with protests at the Democratic National Convention in Chicago . After a long , raucous trial , two were acquitted , and the others were convicted on various charges . Eight police officers were also indicted in connection with the disorder in Chicago .	Man lands on the moon on July 20 with Apollo 11 mission A new Supreme Court justice and withdrawal of troops in Vietnam grab headlines In the world of sports , The Mets , Muhammad Ali and Joe Nameth make news For more , go to In Depth : Summer of 1969
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court will take another look at an 11-year-old boy 's request to have Israel listed as his place of birth on his U.S. passport . The justices announced Monday they would review a federal law giving that special right to those like young Menachem Zivotofsky , who were born in Jerusalem . But that is a disputed region in the eyes of the Obama administration , which said the larger issue should be resolved by bilateral negotiations , not by a 2002 congressional action favoring the family and the more than 50,000 other Americans born in the holy city . Oral arguments by the high court will be held in the fall . At issue is whether the statute interferes with the president 's power to recognize an independent sovereign . The case is a classic fight between congressional and executive authority , with foreign policy the source of the current controversy . U.S. policy does not recognize any country as having sovereignty over Jerusalem . Two years ago , the justices allowed the family 's federal lawsuit to proceed . The city is home to Ari and Naomi Zivotofsky . The couple and their two oldest children were born in the United States , but the family migrated to West Jerusalem more than a dozen years ago , and in 2002 the youngest , Menachem Binyamin , was born . The boy 's mother made the "  Israel " request about two months after his birth , but embassy officials refused . The disputed passport shows his round , innocent face , and "  Jerusalem " is listed as his place of birth . "  We 're very proud of the fact that he was born in Israel and that we live in Israel and it 's the modern state of Israel , " Ari Zivotofsky told CNN in 2012 . "  Religiously and historically , that 's very significant . " Just three weeks before Menachem was born , the U.S. Congress gave American citizens born in Jerusalem the individual discretion to ask that Israel be listed on passports and consular reports , where it says "  Place of Birth . " President George W. Bush signed the bill but issued an executive "  signing statement " indicating he would not comply . It is not the first time Congress and the White House have clashed over the region . The U.S. Embassy remains in Tel Aviv , over U.S. lawmakers ' objections . The government is thinking of the bigger picture . State Department officials would not comment on the record on a pending case , but President Barack Obama has acknowledged the stalled peace process has created divisions in that region and in the United States . The high court case is Zivotofsky v. Kerry , but the key player in this dispute is perhaps the most famous city in the world , and one of the oldest human settlements still in existence : Jerusalem . Its name translates as "  City of Peace " to some , "  Holy Sanctuary " to others . Jerusalem is Israel 's largest city , and the nation calls it its capital , though that is not recognized by the United Nations and most of the world community . Divided into East Jerusalem  populated mostly by Muslims  and West Jerusalem  populated mostly by Jews  , the city spans over 48 square miles  124 square kilometers  , with about 775,000 people . The terms "  East " and "  West " come layered with political , social , religious and geographic questions -- amorphous , often misleading terms , symbolic of the larger struggle for control and recognition of all that this city represents . Some use the terms "  Jewish " or "  Arab " Jerusalem to refer to the sections . The Old City is the heart of the region , a holy symbol to the three major Abrahamic religions : Christianity , Islam and Judaism . That tiny area -- just a third of one square mile -- contains the Temple Mount , Western Wall , Church of the Holy Sepulcher , Dome of the Rock and al-Aqsa Mosque . The case is Zivotofsky v. Kerry  13-628  . In 2011 : High court looks at passports and presidential power Supreme Court says 9-year-old can pursue passport suit	2002 law lets U.S. citizens born in Jerusalem ask that Israel be listed as birthplace on passports The U.S. does n't recognize any country as having sovereignty over Jerusalem At issue is whether the law interferes with presidential power
New Delhi  CNN  -- Police have arrested one man and identified others in the alleged gang rape of a 23-year-old female photographer in the Indian financial hub of Mumbai , police said Friday . The incident is the latest shocking report of sexual assault to make headlines in the South Asian nation . "  We have made one arrest so far , but all the accused have been identified , " according to the city 's police commissioner , Satyapal Singh , who earlier said five men took part . The attack took place Thursday evening in a deserted area of the Shakti Mills district in Mumbai , Singh said . The unidentified female victim and a male colleague were on assignment in the area for a print publication when some of the men approached them and asked whether they had permission to take photographs , Singh said . The attack unfolded from there , he said , without providing a full account of events . The victim is in a stable condition in Jaslok Hospital in Mumbai , hospital authorities said . Singh said police have a "  strong lead " in the case without giving further details . They released sketches of five men they said were suspects in the case . Keeping chivalry alive in India : Men respond to rape crisis The attack has shocked and disappointed many Mumbai residents , who consider their city to be a safer place for women than the capital , New Delhi . According to the National Crime Records Bureau , 221 rape cases were reported in Mumbai in 2012 . But figures provided by the government show that there has been a rape reported to police every day in Mumbai between January and March this year . The average number of reported rapes in a month in 2013 in the city rose dramatically to 30.33 , from 19.25 in 2012 . Delhi Police said the number of reported rapes in the capital had jumped from 179 for the first 3Â 1/2 months of last year to 463 for the same period this year . A rise in the number of rapes reported does not necessarily mean that more are being committed . It may be that recent high-profile cases have encouraged women to come forward with complaints . The gang rape of a 23-year-old woman in a bus in New Delhi in December sparked debate and introspection in India about sexual crimes against women . The victim of the New Delhi attack later died in a Singapore hospital . An outcry quickly grew over her case and expanded to include widespread concerns about women 's safety and inequalities , triggering demonstrations in various cities . In response , the nation 's lawmakers have introduced tougher laws and punishments for sexual crimes and harassment . Despite such action , frequent episodes of sexual violence are reported in India . Across India , 24,923 cases of rape were reported last year , according to the National Crime Records Bureau . Some cases receive heavy coverage in the news media . Earlier this month , police said a 7-year-old girl was raped in a train 's toilet compartment in central India . CNN 's Mallika Kapur in Mumbai contributed to this report .	Police arrest a suspect in the alleged gang rape of a female photographer Police say the photographer was attacked in a deserted area of Mumbai She and a male colleague were approached by a group of men India has seen multiple high-profile sexual violence cases since a New Delhi gang rape
CNN  -- Opponents and supporters of Venezuela 's government staged rival demonstrations Sunday in the streets of the capital to mark the anniversary of a popular revolt that overthrew a dictatorship in the South American country in 1958 . In Caracas , supporters of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez gathered around the presidential palace to listen to him speak on what is known there as "  National Democracy Day . " "  Every day , there will be more democracy in Venezuela -- this democracy that gives more power to the people , " Chavez said , as reported by the state-run AVN news agency . "  Democracy is as necessary to socialism as oxygen is to living things . " The president 's supporters cheered and waved flags and banners . Critics of Chavez 's government met in the eastern part of the capital , the state-run VTV network reported . Many waved white banners . One protester carried a poster that read : "  Enough of the lies . " Marches were also planned in various cities around the world to declare that "  the current Venezuelan regime is a dictatorship both legally and politically , " according to organizer Un Mundo Sin Mordaza . Opponents of Chavez have sharply criticized last month 's decision by Venezuela 's lame-duck National Assembly granting him the power to pass laws by decree for 18 months . Critics say the president sought the power in order to push his agenda through the legislative body after elections in September weakened the ruling party 's hold on power . But Chavez has said he was seeking the powers in order to be able to respond to flooding that left thousands of people homeless . January 23 marks the anniversary of the overthrow of former Venezuelan dictator Gen. Marcos Perez Jimenez .	NEW : President Chavez addresses his supporters outside the presidential palace NEW : His critics stage rival demonstrations , declaring the current government a "  dictatorship " Venezuela celebrates "  National Democracy Day " Sunday
CNN  -- Lance Armstrong 's attorney denied his client was in discussion with the U.S. or world anti-doping agencies following a report by The New York Times that the disgraced cycling icon was contemplating publicly admitting he used illegal performance-enhancing drugs . Attorney Tim Herman in an email to CNN Sports late Friday did not address whether Armstrong told associates -- as reported by the newspaper -- that he was considering the admission as a way to restore his athletic eligibility . Armstrong was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles and banned for life last year after the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency found there was overwhelming evidence that he was directly involved in a sophisticated doping program . Silence falls as Austin awaits Armstrong 's ` last word ' Armstrong has repeatedly and vehemently denied that he used banned performance-enhancing drugs as well as illegal blood transfusions during his cycling career . In the past , Armstrong has argued that he took more than 500 drug tests and never failed . In its 202-page report that detailed Armstrong 's alleged use of performance-enhancing drugs and blood transfusions , the USADA said it had tested Armstrong less than 60 times and the International Cycling Union conducted about 215 tests . The agency did not say that Armstrong ever failed a test , but his former teammates testified as to how they beat tests or avoided the tests altogether . The New York Times , citing unnamed associates and anti-doping officials , said Armstrong has been in discussions with USADA officials and hopes to meet with David Howman chief of the World Anti-Doping Agency . The newspaper said none of the people with knowledge of Armstrong 's situation wanted to be identified because it would jeopardize their access to information on the matter . Under World Anti-Doping Agency rules , an athlete who confesses to using performance-enhancing drugs may be eligible for a reinstatement . Armstrong has been an icon for his cycling feats and celebrity , bringing more status to a sport wildly popular in some nations but lacking big-name recognition , big money and mass appeal in the United States . He fought back from testicular cancer to win the Tour from 1999 to 2005 . He raised millions via his Lance Armstrong Foundation to help cancer victims and survivors , an effort illustrated by trendy yellow "  LiveSTRONG " wristbands that helped bring in the money . The cyclist 's one-time high-profile relationship with singer Sheryl Crow also kept him in the public eye . But Armstrong has long been dogged by doping allegations , with compatriot Floyd Landis -- who was stripped of his 2006 Tour de France title after failing a drug test -- making a series of claims in 2011 . Armstrong sued the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency last year to stop its investigation of him , arguing it did not have the right to prosecute him . But after a federal judge dismissed the case , Armstrong said he would no longer participate in the investigation . In October 2012 , Armstrong was stripped of his titles and banned . Weeks later , he stepped down from the board of his foundation , Livestrong . It is unclear whether Armstrong would face criminal prosecution for perjury should he confess . Armstrong was involved in several cases where he gave sworn testimony that he never used banned drugs . Armstrong and his publicist did not immediately respond to a CNN requests late Friday and early Saturday for comment on The New York Times report . Armstrong 's demise : How he fell from grace	The New York Times report cites unnamed associates and doping officials in its report Cyclist 's lawyer says his client was not in discussion with U.S. or world anti-doping agencies Armstrong was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles and banned for life Cyclist has repeatedly denied using banned performance-enhancing drugs
The brutal mock ISIS recruitment video starts with a simple phrase : Run . Do not walk to ISIS land . Then a body is thrown off a cliff . Later a mosque is blown up , followed by a photo of a body with a severed head . Complete with crucifixions , Muslims being whipped , shot in the head at point-blank range and thrown into ditches , the grisly video is the latest State Department effort to push back against ISIS recruiting efforts by highlighting the group 's barbaric nature . The video , which uses the group 's own propaganda footage posted online , illustrates ISIS actions by advertising so-called "  useful skills " ISIS sympathizers can learn if they join the group : blowing up mosques with Muslims inside , crucifying and executing Muslims and plundering public resources . Entitled "  Welcome to the ` Islamic State ' land , " the video was posted on a dedicated YouTube channel . It was produced by the State Department 's Center for Strategic Counterterrorism Communications , which seeks to combat ISIS extremist narrative on social media . Who is the ISIS ? The campaign is directed at Muslims in the United States believed to be vulnerable to recruitment by extremist groups , amid revelations that more than 100 U.S. citizens have traveled overseas to join the jihadist group . The State Department regards social media as a powerful recruitment tool for terrorist groups and in recent years has launched social media efforts to engage jihadists and their sympathizers online , contesting their claims with the intention of dissuading potential converts to Islamic extremism . Alberto Fernandez , coordinator of the State Department 's Center for Strategic Counterterrorism Communications , which runs the program , has called it "  participating in the marketplace of ideas . " In response to this threat , the U.S. government has been "  messaging " in social media in Arabic , Urdu and Somali for three years , attempting to penetrate the virtual echo chambers of jihadist thought with contrary points of view . Showing off its crimes : How ISIS flaunts its brutality as propaganda Groups like ISIS are posting gruesome video of decapitated heads as trophies of battlefield victories , or images of victims from their own side , captioned with vows to avenge them . Links to grainy phone-camera footage abound , documenting everything from group executions to a video appeal summoning Muslim women to come to Syria to find a husband among the Islamist rebels . The content is disseminated swiftly around the world on the Internet through a diverse network of jihadists and their supporters , journalists , analysts and onlookers . While al Qaeda and its affiliates and sympathizers were once the focus of the U.S. campaigns to counter violent extremism , ISIS has increasingly become a target of U.S. efforts . Key White House adviser : U.S. will fight ISIS with a coalition In addition to YouTube , the center now runs a series of anti-ISIS accounts on Facebook , Twitter and Tumblr as part of a larger social media campaign to counter violent extremism launched late last year called "  Think Again , Turn Away . " "  Our mission is to expose the facts about terrorists and their propaganda . Do n't be misled by those who break up families and destroy their true heritage , " the State Department said on the campaign 's Facebook page . The latest anti-ISIS video ends with a sarcastic enticement to would-be jihadists . "  Travel is inexpensive , because you wo n't need a return ticket ! " Then a body is thrown off a cliff .	Video fights ISIS recruiting efforts by highlighting the group 's barbaric nature "  Welcome to the ` Islamic State ' land " video is posted on a dedicated YouTube channel U.S. has been "  messaging " in social media in Arabic , Urdu and Somali for three years
CNN  -- Former NFL player Aaron Hernandez put guns into a black box after returning home the night his friend Odin Lloyd was killed , according to new documents obtained by CNN . Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder in Lloyd 's death . Another friend , Carlos Ortiz , 27 , told investigators that he observed the former New England Patriots tight end putting firearms into a box in the basement of his North Attleborough , Massachusetts , home , including a small handgun that Hernandez had asked Ortiz to retrieve from the floor of the car they were driving . Ortiz then bought it into Hernandez 's home , according to the document . Ortiz stated that he also had seen Hernandez enter the home and walk into the basement carrying a large handgun earlier in the day . This is consistent with a statement made by a prosecutor in court in late June . "  The defendant goes walking through the house with the gun in his hand . That is captured in the video . ... And they all go down to the basement , " said Bill McCauley , first assistant district attorney for Bristol County , Massachusetts . "  Once in the basement , the surveillance gets shut off . " Authorities have said Hernandez , Ortiz , and Ernest Wallace , 41 , picked Lloyd up from his Boston apartment early on June 17 . Surveillance cameras showed the car at an industrial park near Hernandez 's North Attleborough , Massachusetts , home . The documents also reveal the involvement of Tanya Singleton , 38 , a cousin of Hernandez . After leaving Massachusetts , Wallace dropped Ortiz off at Singleton 's Bristol , Connecticut , residence . Ortiz told authorities that he spoke with Singleton about Lloyd 's killing . Singleton lives near a lake in Bristol where a state police dive team was searching for an item linked to Hernandez 's case . According to the documents , Singleton also allegedly assisted Wallace in fleeing authorities . She has not been arrested or charged . Authorities collected Singleton 's credit cards and cell phone . According to the search warrant , Singleton allegedly purchased a bus ticket for Wallace to travel from Macon , Georgia , to Miami . Authorities arrested Wallace in Miramar , Florida , on June 28 . It is unclear how Wallace traveled from Bristol to Macon . Wallace also regularly used a cell phone paid for by Singleton , according to the documents . CNN left a message for Singleton seeking comment . Authorities have accused Hernandez , 23 , of orchestrating the death of Lloyd , the 27-year-old boyfriend of Hernandez 's fiancÃ © e 's sister . Wallace was charged with accessory after the fact to murder and has pleaded not guilty . Ortiz has pleaded not guilty to a weapons charge . Lloyd 's body was found in an industrial park near Hernandez 's home on June 17 . The police believe Lloyd was shot execution style with a Glock .45 . The weapon has not yet been found . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , George Lerner , Greg Botelho and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Search warrant : Ex-NFL player Aaron Hernandez stored guns in box after friend 's death Another man , Carlos Ortiz , said Hernandez walked through home with firearm , papers say Hernandez is accused of killing Odin Lloyd in June ; he has pleaded not guilty
CNN  -- Call it a self-fulfilling prophecy : An estimated three-fourths of gas stations in the Nashville , Tennessee , area ran dry Friday , victim of an apparent rumor that the city was running out of gas . "  Everybody has just gone nuts , " said Mike Williams , executive director of the Tennessee Petroleum Council . He said he has no idea about the origin of a rumor that there was going to be no gas in Nashville . One reporter called him , saying she had heard that Nashville would be without gas within the hour , he said . Hearing the rumor , drivers rushed to fill their cars and trucks . CNN called 13 Nashville gas stations at random . Only two reported having gas , and one said it was almost out . The stations said they were being told they would not get more until Monday or Tuesday . iReport.com : Nashville residents desperate for fuel Katie Givens Kime , visiting from Atlanta , Georgia , was trying to fill up her tank for the trip home when she ran into trouble -- when she was already low on gas . "  We panicked and looked online , " she said . "  And holy cow , there is no gas in the city . ... It has definitely gripped the city , for sure . " One store clerk told her there was no way she could get gas to go back home , she said . Williams said some drivers were following gas trucks to see where they were headed , and lines at some stations were a mile long . Fuel was continuing to enter the city , however , as pipelines were working and barges were coming in . He likened it to Southerners rushing out to stock up on bread and milk when they hear it might snow . As stations began running low , the situation snowballed , he said . One station reported selling as much gas Friday as it usually does in a weekend , Williams said . The phenomenon seemed to be isolated to the Nashville area , he said . iReport.com : Is there a gas panic in your area ? Givens Kime said she found a station online that still had gas and waited more than an hour to pump it . "  People were freaked out , " she said . A "  renegade bunch " of men helped direct traffic to and from the pumps , even taking drivers ' cash inside for them . She described people filling cans and other containers as well as cars . She said that the station was not engaging in price gouging but that "  emotions were running very high " among drivers . CNN 's Gary Bender contributed to this report .	Nobody knows origin of rumor that Nashville was running out of gas Of 13 Nashville gas stations called at random , only two said they had gas Residents panicked and hit gas stations to fuel up People were filling up containers , cans , with some waiting an hour for gas
Israel launched a series of blistering airstrikes Wednesday on what it says are terrorist targets in Gaza , killing the chief of Hamas ' military wing and at least eight others , Israeli and Palestinian officials said . As the tensions ratcheted up , the U.N. Security Council held an emergency meeting Wednesday evening . Palestinian leaders immediately condemned the attacks as an escalation , with President Mahmoud Abbas calling for an emergency session of the Council of the League of Arab States to discuss what he called Israeli "  aggression , " the Egyptian state news agency MENA reported . Hamas ' military wing warned that Israelis had opened "  the gates of hell on themselves " with the move . A report on the Israel Defense Forces website said Brig. Gen. Yoav Moredechai would not rule out a ground attack . "  Infantry brigades have been shifted in preparation for the operation , " he said , according to the website . Israeli military spokeswoman Lt. Colonel Avital Leibovich said : "  There are some reserve units that are preparing but nothing more than that at this point . " There were at least 70 strikes by warplanes and ships Wednesday , officials from Palestinian militant groups said . As night fell , more airstrikes could be heard , and Hamas security officials said four more attacks hit empty swaths of farmland in Gaza late Wednesday . The IDF said at least 128 rockets had been fired from Gaza since Saturday . Q&A on Israeli-Palestinian conflict Israel 's Iron Dome air defense system intercepted 28 rockets launched at Israel on Wednesday , the IDF said on its Twitter feed , which it was updating almost hourly with new details as well as links to photos . One of the posters on the IDF 's feed was Al-Qassam , the military wing of Hamas , which has the Twitter ID of Alqassam Brigades . It wrote : " @idfspokesperson Our blessed hands will reach your leaders and soldiers wherever they are  You Opened Hell Gates on Yourselves  . " Palestinian medical sources said at least eight people died in the Israeli airstrikes , including two young girls , and 84 others were wounded , 10 in serious condition . However , the health minister in Gaza , Mufid al-Mukhalalati , put the death toll at seven . The dead included Ahmed al-Ja ` abari , the popular and influential head of the Hamas military wing , and his son , the group said on its website . The Israeli operation -- which the military calls "  Operation Pillar of Defense " -- came after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned this week of pending retaliation by Israel for increased rocket attacks from Gaza . "  I would ask you , I 'd ask any person around the planet : What would you do if your population was targeted day after day ? " Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said , later adding that "  you have to see our operation as fundamentally defensive . " Egypt recalled its ambassador to Israel on Wednesday , the Israeli Foreign Ministry said . A senior Israeli official said its ambassador to Egypt returned home , but that move was n't related to the ongoing violence . The official would n't comment on whether Israel had pulled its entire diplomatic staff from Egypt . The United States said Israel has the right to defend itself , according to a statement from the State Department . "  We strongly condemn the barrage of rocket fire from Gaza into southern Israel , and we regret the death and injury of innocent Israeli and Palestinian civilians caused by the ensuing violence , " the statement said . "  There is no justification for the violence that Hamas and other terrorist organizations are employing against the people of Israel . We call on those responsible to stop these cowardly acts immediately . " The White House said in a news release that President Obama spoke with Netanyahu by phone , reiterating the United States support for Israel . Obama also spoke with Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy and the two agreed it was important to help de-escalate the situation quickly , the White House statement said . Read more : Hamas justice system ` reeks of injustice , ' rights group says A spokesman for Hamas , Osama Hamdan , claimed that Hamas has been defending itself from Israeli attacks . "  I think the ones who declared war was Israel , and I think the Palestinians are in the position of defending themselves and nothing more than this , " he said . Hamas will resist as long as the Israeli offensive lasts , Hamdan said . Israeli navy ships could be seen firing into Gaza from the Mediterranean . The navy struck "  terror sites " there , the IDF said via Twitter . The Israeli military said in a statement Wednesday it targeted "  a significant number of long-range rockets sites " to deliver "  a significant blow " to Hamas ' underground rocket-launching capabilities and munitions warehouses . Some of the munitions warehouses were in civilian residential buildings , which showed that Hamas uses a strategy of human shields , Israeli military sources said . "  The aim of targeting these sites is to hamper their rocket-launching weapons build up capabilities , " the IDF statement said , adding that the Gaza strip had become "  a frontal base for Iran firing rockets and carrying out terrorist attacks against Israeli citizens . " Read more : Can rival Palestinian factions reach unity deal ? Angry crowds gathered at the heavily damaged vehicle that contained the bodies of al-Ja ` abari and his bodyguard . Saeb Erakat , the chief Palestinian negotiator , condemned "  in the strongest possible terms " what he called the Israeli assassination of al-Ja ` abari . In an interview with CNN , Erakat labeled the attack the beginning of a "  major , major Israeli escalation , " and he called on the international community to pressure Israel to halt its operation . Al-Mukhalalati , the Gaza health minister , also called on "  the free world to stop this massacre committed by Israel . " Asked about assassinating al-Ja ` abari , Regev said the Hamas military leader headed a "  terror military machine . " "  This is the man with blood on his hands . This man is a known and wanted terrorist , " he said . "  In taking him out , Israel was acting legitimately . " The latest escalation in violence is part of a cycle of attacks between periods of relative stability between Israel and the Palestinians . "  This was both inevitable and predictable , " said Aaron David Miller , a Middle East expert and vice president at the Woodrow Wilson Center . There is no long-term basis for both sides to find a lasting peace , he said . Israel and the Palestinians have "  completely different political and strategic goals , " Miller explained . The focus should be on how to bring security until a basis for long-term stability arises , he added .	President Obama speaks with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu by phone Palestinian groups say there were 70 strikes on Wednesday An Israeli spokesman calls the operation defensive after rocket attacks from Gaza Ahmed al-Ja ` abari , the head of Hamas ' military wing , was killed in the first strike
CNN  -- Never underestimate the power of Oprah or a free meal . Customers were left hungry and unhappy after Oprah Winfrey 's endorsed coupon campaign overwhelmed KFC . That seems to be the lesson KFC is learning after talk-show titan Oprah Winfrey took to the airwaves Tuesday with an offer of a free grilled chicken two-piece meal . Hungry consumers could visit Oprah.com , where for the next 24 hours they were supposed to be able to download a coupon for the meal that included two pieces of the company 's new grilled chicken menu item , two side orders and a biscuit . What ensued was a coupon craze that was for some a headache . Customers flooded KFC restaurants , and many had long lines and even longer wait times . iReport : Watch a video on the frenzy Bloggers took to the Web in waves to report on the frenzy . Customer complaints ranged from the inability to download the coupon because of the site 's high traffic to some restaurants simply not honoring the deal . "  I 'm a big girl , " Shannon Edwards told CNN affiliate WBAL-TV in Baltimore , Maryland , on Thursday after she was turned away from a KFC . "  I like to eat . So I 'm kind of disappointed I have to go to McDonald 's now . " Charlotte Beal , a food and beverage consumer strategist at the consumer insights firm Iconoculture , said it was a perfect storm of the astronomical influence of Winfrey and the recession . "  In this economic environment , anything free you ca n't beat it , and it 's just so enticing , " said Beal , who added that her company has been tracking the increase of coupon usage , especially those available online . "  It 's a well-known fact that Oprah 's been transparent about her own struggles with weight and diet so when she partners with a company that 's trying to offer a healthier product , consumers really listen . " Watch Winfrey discuss the reaction " "  Not only are you attracting the people who are strapped for cash and want a free meal , but you also are enticing the whole Oprah audience that relates to her own struggle of trying to find something healthy to eat , " Beal said . Alan C. Marcus , president and chief executive officer for public relations firm the Marcus Group Inc. , said the situation had all the ingredients of a public relations nightmare . "  If you make a commitment and you do n't produce on that commitment , you lose your credibility and that ripples throughout the company , " Marcus said . "  It hurts your brand , and it hurts your position in the marketplace . " Winfrey is "  a powerhouse " whose fans can not be denied , he said . "  I think they underestimated Oprah , " Marcus said . "  She 's got a lot of influence , and she has earned a following over many years . " In a press release Thursday night , KFC said that after the "  unprecedented and overwhelming response " restaurants would no longer honor the coupon but would provide a rain-check program for customers . "  We would like to apologize to our customers who have been inconvenienced by the overwhelming response to our free Kentucky Grilled Chicken offer , " said Roger Eaton , president of KFC U.S. "  The lines of customers wanting to redeem their coupons have been out the door and around the block , so we 're unable to redeem customer coupons at this time . " Eaton appeared on Winfrey 's show Friday via Skype to sort out what she referred to as the "  chicken caper . " Winfrey acknowledged some of the issues surrounding the campaign , and called the download of 10.5 million coupons and giveaway of $ 42 million worth of free food from KFC "  quite a hookup . " Eaton said 4 million meals had been redeemed by using the coupons , with 6.5 million meals from rainchecks still needing to be distributed . Winfrey said the reaction to the chicken coupon surpassed even her giveaway of cars to audience members a few years ago . "  I was really deeply moved , first of all , by all the people who sent thank you 's for the chicken , " Winfrey said . "  You know , I actually got more thank you 's for the chickens than we did for the cars , which is so amazing . " The coupon craze is not the first time chicken lovers have gotten fried over a good deal . Recently , KFC competitor Popeyes experienced a similar problem when some of its franchises ran out of chicken during a promotional eight-piece deal for $ 4.99 .	Frenzy for new KFC grilled chicken sparked after Oprah Winfrey offer Customers could get coupon for free , four-piece meal Failure to meet demand results in apology from KFC
Ottawa  CNN  Canadian counterterrorism officials arrested and charged a man Monday , accusing him of conspiring with twin brothers in a terror plot . The Royal Canadian Mounted Police announced Monday that it had arrested Suliman Mohamed , 21 , and charged him with participating in the activity of a terrorist group and conspiracy to participate in a terrorist activity . After making the arrest , Canada 's national security team said in a statement that Mohamed 's arrest was directly linked to the arrests of Ashton and Carlos Larmond , two Ottawa brothers accused of conspiring to commit terrorism offenses . The brothers were arrested Friday . The RCMP alleged Mohamed conspired to participate in terrorism with the Larmond brothers . "  These recent arrests underscore the reality that there are individuals in Ontario and in Canada who have become radicalized to a violent ideology , and who are willing to act upon it , " wrote Chief Superintendent Jennifer Strachan , criminal operations officer for the Ontario Division of the RCMP . After an investigation dating back to at least August 2014 , the Larmond brothers , both 24 , were arrested Friday in two different locations . Ashton Larmond was arrested in Ottawa , but his brother Carlos was arrested at Montreal 's Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport , where police said he was intending to travel overseas for terrorist purposes . Carlos Larmond was charged with participation in the activity of a terrorist group and with attempting to leave Canada to participate in terrorist activity abroad , a relatively new Canadian terrorism law . Through their lawyer , the brothers indicated they would be fighting the charges . The RCMP statement did not give details of allegations against the suspects . "  I do n't think we 've been shown anything at this point , " said Richard Addelman , the lawyer representing the Larmonds . It was not clear Monday night if Mohamed had retained an attorney . Canada 's terrorism laws were amended in April 2013 to include an offense for anyone leaving or attempting to leave Canada for the purpose of committing a terrorist act abroad . Very few Canadians have been charged in this way and the outcome of this case will be closely watched by counterterrorism officials . "  It 's going to be a significant case , that 's for sure , " added Addelman . Neighbors in an east Ottawa neighborhood where Mohamed has lived said they did not immediately recognize him but indicated there had been police activity on the street all weekend long . Canada Parliament shooting : How it unfolded	Suliman Mohamed accused of being part of a terror plot in Canada Canada 's national security team said his arrest is directly linked to the arrests of twin brothers last week
London  CNN  -- A storm of outrage provoked by photos of Pippa Middleton showing her in a car with a man wielding what appears to be a gun in France should act as a wake-up call , royal watchers have warned Prince William 's sister-in-law . "  This story is very damaging for her , " veteran London-based public relations expert Max Clifford told CNN . "  There has been nothing but a honeymoon for Pippa since last year 's royal wedding so this is dreadful , " Clifford said . "  It comes particularly at a time when guns in Paris are such a sensitive issue . The reality is she could have been shot by police . " Middleton has been a target for tabloid newspapers and paparazzi since her sister married Prince William last April . Shortly after the wedding , personal pictures of the 28-year-old began to leak out to the press , including a photo showing her in a bikini while on vacation in 2006 with her sister and Prince William . A photo of Middleton sunbathing topless on that trip was also made public . Later , undated photos from a private party showing her dancing in her bra were also leaked . The latest incident happened as paparazzi were taking pictures of Middleton who was being driven to a Paris train station in an Audi convertible . The car 's driver wielded a gun , apparently pointing it in the air and then at a photographer , who was following them and captured the shot , according to The Sun . It is unclear if the gun was real or fake . Lawyers told CNN that Middleton was unlikely to face charges unless it could be proved she encouraged the driver to point the gun on public streets , but the driver could face charges of threatening with a firearm if French authorities wanted to do so . Middleton is the sister of Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , who married Prince William last year . William is second in line to the British throne behind his father , Prince Charles . Buckingham Palace said it would not comment on the photo because Middleton is not a member of the royal family . The photo is causing a stir , after a spate of gun violence in France recently , including a series of attacks last month that killed seven people , including three children . The incident took place while security was heightened ahead of France 's presidential election . "  Pippa must understand she 's in the middle of a media spotlight and she ca n't just turn the attention on and off , " Clifford added . "  I assume she has PR advice but either she 's getting incredibly bad advice or she 's not listening . " The story has been splashed across newspapers around the world , and on Tuesday royal experts warned that Middleton must avoid further incidents for risk of damaging the royal family . "  Pippa is surprised at how high-profile she now is , " one royal newspaper correspondent , who has met Middleton on several occasions , told CNN . "  Part of her enjoys the attention : she 's always mixed with high-society characters and she loves partying but she 's not off the rails by any means . "  This prank in a Paris street will come as a real wake-up call for Pippa , " the correspondent , who declined to be named , told CNN . "  She must now realize that it just takes one person waving a gun around to seriously dent her public image . She 'll be gutted by how badly this has reflected on the royals . " But the correspondent said he believed Paris authorities would have no choice but to investigate the incident , while Middleton would be forced to issue a public apology . The photographer who snapped the shot was "  considering his options " about a formal police complaint , The Sun reported . The Daily Express 's royal correspondent Richard Palmer commented that ever since Middleton became last year 's most celebrated bridesmaid at the wedding of her sister Kate to Prince William , she has been "  riding the crest of a wave of popularity . Some think she has also been riding for a fall . " Palmer said Middleton was popular at high-society events , but she and her friends needed "  to learn how to behave in front of the cameras in return . " The incident "  will have embarrassed her sister Kate , her brother-in-law Prince William , and also the Queen in her Diamond Jubilee year . " "  She needs to explain herself and apologize . "	Storm of outrage over photos of Pippa Middleton in car with man apparently wielding gun Royal watchers say incident should act as a wake-up call to Prince William 's sister-in-law Photo is causing a stir , after a spate of gun violence in France recently Royal experts say Middleton must avoid further incidents for risk of damaging royal family
CNN  -- A fierce storm tore Friday evening through the town of Bel Air in northeast Maryland , damaging buildings , peeling off roofs , flipping a pickup truck , and felling trees and light poles , officials said . At least four people were injured , said Dave Williams , a spokesman for the Harford County Volunteer Fire & EMS Association , in an e-mail to CNN affiliate WMAR . One of the injured was in a car dealership in the Fallston area , which partially collapsed , said Robert Thomas , a public information officer for Harford County . A second structure , a single-family home , was struck by a tree , he said . Two of the injured were taken to hospitals , he said . Central Harford County bore the brunt of it : two buildings -- a mobile office trailer and a one-story auto detailing and repair facility in the Fallston area -- were destroyed ; more than a dozen homes were damaged , he said . Search-and-rescue operations were being conducted Friday night in the affected area , which was concentrated within a mile radius of Fallston , which had lost power , he said . A number of people were freed after becoming trapped , the Baltimore City Fire Department reported on its Twitter page . Bel Air is about 20 miles northeast of downtown Baltimore . Radar detected a funnel cloud in the area at 6:41 p.m. , 11 miles northeast of the town , CNN 's weather department said . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report	NEW : At least a dozen homes are damaged , an official says Buildings collapse , trapping a number of people Radar detected a funnel cloud at 6:41 p.m. 4 people are hurt in the town of Bel Air , Maryland
CNN  -- Recently , an organization called Students for Fair Admissions , Inc. filed a lawsuit against Harvard University , alleging that its admissions practices violate Title VI of the Civil Rights Act for "  intentionally discriminating against applicants on the basis of race " -- specifically , against Asian Americans .  A second , similar lawsuit was filed against the University of North Carolina -- Chapel Hill . The lawsuit alleges that Harvard has , through the use of "  holistic " consideration of applicants , "  systematically " excluded qualified Asian Americans in favor of less qualified black and Latino applicants in an attempt to illegally achieve "  racial balancing . " Here 's the thing . This lawsuit -- and the organization that filed it -- is not the affirmative action crusade it may seem , and I will get to that in a minute . As an Asian American graduate of Harvard , I read this news with dismay , both because I share a lot in common with the plaintiff at the core of the suit -- let 's call her Jane Dou -- and because my personal experience has been so fundamentally different . You see , both she and I are second-generation Asian Americans , the children of immigrants who saw preparing us for higher education as their fundamental responsibility . It 's a common running joke among second-generation Asian Americans that our parents start us on college prep before we begin potty training . The joke did n't seem so funny to me when I was a kid , however . I remember earning minutes of TV by defining vocabulary words correctly -- while I was still in 4th grade . I remember being rewarded for finishing homework early by getting extra "  Mommy Homework , " which always involved problem sets and practice exams from a dog-eared stack of Princeton Review test prep tomes . I did n't remember being dressed in a crimson-colored onesie while still an infant , but my mother showed me the one she 'd bought for me , proudly pulling it from storage on the day I headed out to college . That 's because to my parents , it was n't enough for me to just go to college . There was only one school they saw as a fitting goal , and it was the reason they came to America , my mother said , hoping that one day they would have kids who would grow up to attend it . That was Harvard University , the only school whose brand name shone brightly enough to reach across the waters to Taiwan . Other schools might offer a more dynamic curriculum , better access to senior faculty , a greater amount of financial aid . None of that mattered . To them , it was Hafu Daxue or bust . As it turns out , I did get into Harvard . And two years later , so did my sister . And her part-time undergraduate job at the Harvard admissions office ended up leading us to a few awkward revelations . You see , in the course of her job , she was able to gain access to college admissions files , and could n't resist pulling her own to see what it said . The file told her bluntly that she had been a "  marginal " admit based on her application , but that she was ultimately accepted because she had a brother who was already a student in good standing â $ " that is to say , me . Incensed , she then pulled my file to see whether I had gotten in on my own merits . And what she shared with me was the discovery that I essentially would have been denied admission , based on scores and grades that were somewhat lower than hers , and an all-too-typical extracurricular career  piano , math team , blah blah blah  . What saved my application was the optional interview I 'd done on campus , in which I 'd ended up talking about everything that was n't in my application : My aspirations to be a writer . The horror movie that I 'd scripted and shot in secret at our high school . The subtle differences between anxiety , suspense and fear . The fact that I actually really , really suck at piano . The interviewer made the case that I had intangibles that made me a potential asset to the student body , and pressed for me to be considered seriously , despite my middling distinction . Someone decided to take his advice . I hope they did n't end up regretting it . Now , let 's go back to Jane Dou . She did n't end up at the center of the Harvard suit accidentally . She was discovered through a broad-based campaign conducted by SFFA founder Edward Blum â $ " a frustrated Republican congressional candidate who has chosen to make a career out of waging war on laws and policies that give "  special privileges " to minorities . Dou was someone Blum wanted -- a student willing to serve as a test case in a high-profile attack on affirmative action . It 's important to note that whatever its outcome , the lawsuit wo n't help Dou . It 's almost certain that she 's been accepted by other colleges , and by the time the suit is resolved she will likely have graduated from one of them . What this lawsuit is really is just the latest attempt to derail an apparatus that has given hundreds of thousands of blacks , Hispanics and , yes , Asians a means to climb out of circumstances defined by our society 's historical racism . It is hardly a coincidence that Blum has chosen to use the Asian American community as his tool to do so . There are millions of Asians who , like my parents , see a prestigious-university education as not just a goal for their children but a virtual entitlement , the product of years of aspiration and preparation . But there are millions of other Asian Americans -- a significant majority , in fact , at 69 % -- who support affirmative action as a necessary way for us to achieve a better society , and who recognize that we have benefited and continue to benefit from its fruits , both directly and indirectly . As Loyola University Chicago assistant professor of higher education OiYan Poon puts it , "  The question Asian Americans face now is , ` Do we care about justice or just us ? ' " She adds , "  If we care about justice , we have to see that we 're only being used as cover to dismantle a policy initiative that is about racial equity , which ultimately benefits everyone . " And then there 's the reality that my sister and I experienced personally -- which is that getting into college is about more than just scores . Despite all of my parents ' drills and test prep , I was ultimately accepted into Harvard only due to the very "  holistic " practices that this lawsuit attacks . My sister , meanwhile , was pushed over the line due to her connection to me , a "  secondary legacy " tie that , based on the research of Harvard University researcher Michael Hurwitz , might have conveyed as much as a 19 % boost over other applicants , given her profile . Meanwhile , my kids -- "  primary legacy " candidates -- will have up to a 50 % greater chance of getting in , for no reason other than being born . That 's great for them , should they choose to apply to my alma mater , but it 's a huge obstacle to overcome for those who do n't have that advantage . It amounts to what Richard D. Kahlenberg , a senior fellow at the Century Foundation , calls "  affirmative action for the rich . " And it locks out the vast majority of blacks , Hispanics and immigrants of every race . Is n't that the real outrage ?	A lawsuit was filed against Harvard alleging discrimination against Asian Americans Jeff Yang : This lawsuit is not the affirmative action crusade it may seem His experience in applying to Harvard suggests a "  holistic " approach makes sense Yang : Do n't let this lawsuit derail affirmative action , which has benefited many
CNN  -- High tax is hurting European competitiveness in the energy sector , according to Iberdrola chief executive Ignacio Galan . Galan , boss of Spain 's largest energy company , said European governments are over-taxing the industry because they believe utility businesses are "  too rich . " Galan added the industry : "  Is not as competitive as the American one ... we are paying approximately 50 % taxes when the American system is 10 % . " Spain -- where Iberdrola is headquartered -- is the eurozone 's fourth-largest economy with unemployment at 26.1 % , second only to Greece in the single currency bloc , according to Eurostat data . Iberdrola combats some of that slump , Galan told CNN . the sector employs "  750,000 people directly so we can already help the governments to create wealth and to create jobs . " But in 2012 , the company was hit by a 36 % fall in earnings within Spain , despite investing 20 billion euros -LSB- $ 27 billion -RSB- into the country since 2001 . And Galan stresses that European governments , not just Spain , should consider the impact of taxes on corporate cash flows and reinvestment . "  If they are already taking money in cash flows , in taxes , then this money can not flow into investment . " Based in the Basque city of Bilbao , Iberdrola is also the world 's largest producer of wind energy . Galan told CNN that today , less than 40 % of the Iberdrola 's business is dependent on the eurozone as the company diversifies its risk in other countries including the UK , U.S. , Mexico and Brazil . He added that the taxes imposed by European Union governments are not making reinvestment in Europe an attractive option . "  If we are not generating enough cash flows , then we are not going to invest in those areas , " he said .	Based in Bilbao , Iberdrola is also the world 's largest producer of wind energy Iberdrola reported a 36 % fall in net profits in Spain for 2012 despite heavy investment Spain -- where Iberdrola is headquartered -- is the eurozone 's fourth-largest economy
The University of Arkansas has puts its head football coach , Bobby Petrino , on paid administrative leave after news that the passenger on the motorcycle he crashed this week was a 25-year-old female member of his staff . Petrino , 51 , said Thursday that he had not initially divulged the presence of the passenger , Jessica Dorrell , in an effort to protect his family and avoid "  a previous inappropriate relationship from becoming public , " according to a statement obtained by CNN affiliate KARK . The motorcycle crash took place Sunday , but the involvement of Dorrell -- a former Arkansas women 's volleyball player who was recently named student athlete coordinator for the university 's football team -- came to light after a police report was released . "  In hindsight , I showed a serious mistake in judgment when I chose not to be more specific about those details , " Petrino said Thursday in the statement , as reported by KARK . Vice Chancellor and Director of Athletics Jeff Long said at a news conference Thursday that he had put Petrino on paid administrative leave while the university reviews the full extent of the motorcycle accident and those involved . Petrino apologized to his wife and four children , the university , his colleagues , students and "  the entire state of Arkansas . " He said he hoped to repair relationships with his family and the university and remain head coach of the Razorbacks . Petrino told the police that the sun and wind had caused him to lose control of the motorcycle and crash into a pile of dirt and tree limbs on the side of the road , according to the police report .	The University of Arkansas ' head football coach crashed his motorcycle The passenger on the motorcycle was a 25-year-old female member of his staff The university puts Petrino on paid administrative leave while it investigates Petrino apologizes to his family and says he hopes to keep his job
CNN  -- Peter Jackson , the Oscar-winning writer and director of "  The Lord of the Rings " trilogy , was knighted in his native New Zealand . The knighthood was conferred on Jackson on Wednesday for his services to film at a ceremony at the Premier House in Wellington . New Zealand 's head of state Gov. Gen. Sir Anand Satyanand honored Jackson in place of Queen Elizabeth II . New Zealand 's knights and dames are sanctioned by the queen , the country 's official head of state . "  The Lord Of The Rings " trilogy , which won 17 Academy Awards , including best director , adapted screenplay and best picture for Jackson for the final chapter , "  The Return of the King , " was largely filmed in New Zealand and showcased the country 's natural scenery . The project broke box-office records around the world and prompted a spike in tourism to New Zealand . Jackson grew up in Pukerua Bay on the North Island of the country . Jackson is currently working with Mexican director Guillermo del Toro on "  The Hobbit , " a two-movie prequel to "  The Lord of the Rings . " "  The Hobbit " is based on a book by author J.R.R. Tolkien .	"  Lord of the Rings " writer/director Peter Jackson knighted in New Zealand "  Lord Of The Rings " trilogy was largely filmed in New Zealand Jackson is currently working on "  The Hobbit "
Leicester , England  CNN  Richard III , the King found beneath a car parking lot , has been reburied in a solemn but celebratory service , 530 years after his death in battle . The remains of the medieval monarch were sensationally rediscovered beneath a blanket of tarmac in the center of Leicester in August 2012 . They have been pored over by scientists at the city 's university ever since , but after more than two years of legal wranglings , the bones were finally laid to rest Thursday in a coffin built by Richard III 's distant relative , Michael Ibsen , whose DNA helped prove their identity . It was standing room-only at Leicester Cathedral -- which had been partially rebuilt for the occasion -- as Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby led prayers for the long-dead King , swinging incense and sprinkling holy water over the casket , before scattering it with earth from key locations marking his birth , life and death . Oscar-nominated actor Benedict Cumberbatch , a distant cousin of England 's last Plantagenet King , read a poem dedicated to Richard III , written by Poet Laureate Carol Ann Duffy . "  My bones , scripted in light , upon cold soil , a human braille . My skull , scarred by a crown , emptied of history . Describe my soul as incense , votive , vanishing ; your ownthe same . Grant me the carving of my name . " Queen Elizabeth , represented at the ceremony by the Countess of Wessex , sent a special message to mark the reinterment , which she hailed as "  an event of great national and international significance . " "  Today we recognize a King who lived through turbulent times and whose Christan faith sustained him in life and death , " it read . But though it bore many of the hallmarks of grief -- polished coffin , empty tomb , relatives clad in gloomy , pitch-dark suits -- this was not , the organizers insisted , a sad occasion . "  This is not a funeral at which we mourn , " said Professor Gordon Campbell , of the University of Leicester , welcoming the congregation to the cathedral , just yards from that famous parking lot . Instead , the aim of the service was to offer Richard III a fitting farewell , and a lasting memorial -- neither of which he was granted following his death at Bosworth in 1485 . Back then , his body was slung over a horse and carried back to Leicester -- legend has it that his head struck Bow Bridge on the way -- before being put on display for three days , to prove to friends and foes alike that he really was dead , before being slung into a hastily-dug grave at the Church of the Grey Friars . Now Richard 's bones , accompanied by a specially-crafted rosary , recognizing his Catholic faith , rest in a lead-lined coffin of English oak , his grave marked by a 2.3 ton block of pale Swaledale fossil limestone resting on a plinth of black Kilkenny marble carved with his name , dates , coat of arms , and his symbol : a white boar . Speaking before the commemorations , Philippa Langley , founder of the "  Looking for Richard " project , said she did not expect to feel upset at the reinterment : "  Richard died over 500 years ago , so I do n't think there will be a sense of sadness there at all . I hope there 's perhaps some joy , that something has been done well and right and that we 've made peace with the past . " But Ibsen admitted he found Sunday 's service at which the remains were carried in to the cathedral surprisingly moving : "  there was a slight dampening of the eyeballs , which caught me completely unawares , " he said phlegmatically . "  Leicester born and bred " sisters Susan Foster and Sharon Stirling were among the crowds waiting outside the cathedral to listen in on the service and catch a glimpse of the guests arriving . "  This is history , is n't it , it 's never going to happen again , " said Foster . "  We grew up with all the stories of Richard III . We lived close to Bow Bridge , so we know all the legends about him . " Stirling said she thought the Richard III story would be a big bonus for the city : "  I think it will boost the economy and bring visitors in -- he 's got quite a fan club , after all . " Leicester has always been proud of its links to Richard III ; the city boasts pubs and schools named in his honor , there 's a walking tour and a brand new visitor center built over his original grave . But in recent days , interest has risen to fever pitch : shop windows are full of Richard-themed displays offering everything from wooden toy castles to chain mail jewelery . The florist around the corner from the cathedral is doing a roaring trade in white roses , which people have been leaving at Richard III 's statue , and his face is emblazoned on all manner of souvenirs , from paperweights and pens to mugs and bars of chocolate . There 's even a "  Return of the King " beer -- locally brewed and promising "  a distinctive regal flavor . " Some 35,000 people lined the bunting-and-flag-draped streets of Leicester and its surrounding villages on Sunday to watch as the King 's coffin was carried in a procession out to the scene of his death and back again . Another 20,000 lined up for hours to file past the casket and pay their respects as it lay "  in repose " at the cathedral in the days since , watched over by an honor guard of veterans . Among them was Jane Gregory , who traveled two hours by bus from her home in South Derbyshire twice in a week to be there . "  It was just something I had to see and experience -- it 's part of history , " she told CNN outside the reburial service on Thursday . "  I came on Monday too , to view the coffin -- it was a great experience . I queued for two and a half hours and it was worth every minute . " History enthusiast Paul Eames stood in the drizzle and watched the service on his iPad after missing out on a ticket -- to his wife Karen : "  I applied for tickets for both of us ; I could have cried when I saw the envelope with her name on it . " "  I did n't originally want to go , " Karen admitted , smiling . "  But he told me ` you 'll be part of history , you do n't realize ! ' The service was amazing , really lovely . " Not everyone was there just to celebrate Richard III , though . Leicester student Sherry Xie said she was "  proud " of her university 's role in the discovery of his bones , but she and her classmate Wendy Jiang admitted they 'd come along with an ulterior motive : "  to see Benedict ! " In his sermon , the Bishop of Leicester , Tim Stevens said those who had joined the commemorations "  came  not to judge , condemn or praise , but to stand in silent , humble and reverent attentiveness at the meeting place of time and eternity . " Stevens said the search for Richard III had "  broken open not just a car park , but a nation 's story . " It also provoked bitter quarrels between rival factions over where and how he should be buried , and how much scientific testing he should be subjected to . But Campbell insisted that the service was held in a "  spirit of reconciliation , " a thought echoed by Stevens : "  Whether we bear a white or a red rose , whether for Richard or Henry ... whether for Leicester or York , we recognize at the graveside that all our journeys lead us to this place , where reputation counts for nothing and all human striving turns to dust . " Langley , the driving force behind the search for the King , said Thursday 's service would mark the end of one chapter in the long-running saga ; but she said work to re-examine Richard 's life and legacy would go on . "  It 's the conclusion to his story in that he 's been found ... and we 're laying his physical remains to rest . But in terms of Richard 's story , that is only just beginning . "	Remains of Richard III were sensationally rediscovered 530 years after death Actor Benedict Cumberbatch , a distant cousin of king , reads poem at celebratory service Historian Phillippa Langley said discovery had prompted researchers to rethink the king
