CNN  -- As a musician and social justice activist , online social media has helped Maria Isa sell more CDs and mobilize the growing number of Latinos in her home city of Minneapolis . Isa was n't surprised that a study published this summer said Hispanics are among the most active social media users . "  Social media is about accessibility for me , " Isa said . "  I can send information to my audience with the push of a button on my cell . I 'm able to expand my message of social justice in the Latino community and also my work and the works of others who network with me . " There 's a growing online audience of people of color . Latinos and African Americans are more than twice as likely to use Twitter as white non-Hispanics , according to the Pew Research Center 's Internet and American Life Project . Much of the reason ? Cell phones . Nearly 90 % of English speaking Hispanics use mobile devices . But New York Daily News columnist and author Juan Gonzalez said it 's an extension of Latino culture . "  I think there 's always been a tradition in the Latino culture , a tradition of word spreading news and information , gossip , word of mouth spreading , from family members to friends , neighbors of the same town or whatever , " Gonzalez said . The growing number of Latinos using social media is a reflection of broader demographic change in the United States . The U.S. Census Bureau estimates that America 's young people will become "  minority white " in 2023 , and by 2042 , the same will be true for adults . "  The youth population in America already looks like America will look in a few years . The youth have a stronger identity in their role and purpose , " Gonzalez said . "  They 're already acting out their new role in the country , even before they get to be adults . They 're already creating the new America through their involvement in social media . " Map how the United States is changing Gonzalez , who wrote about the Latino immigrant experience in "  Harvest of Empire : A History of Latinos in America , " said the success Latinas have online reflects their immigrant experiences . "  Generally speaking , Latina women tend to be more into sharing experiences , and good communicators , " Gonzalez said . "  I think this is representative of social media and what it represents . It 's basically a community talking to each other , spreading bits of information here and there . " Isa was born to Puerto Rican parents in Minneapolis . In her home , it was never a matter of if she was going to college , but where she would go . She chose Columbia College in Chicago , where she focused on social justice and groomed the message she wanted to convey as a musician . Eventually , she took her message online , using Twitter to promote her upcoming shows and projects . She noticed more people at her shows , sold more CDs and generated more traffic to her MySpace music page . In 2010 , she was honored by the National Hispana Leadership Institute and a local Univision affiliate . But things really took off when she discovered Latism -- Latinos in Social Media -- a group of like-minded "  gente " online . With Latism , she found a whole new community of people who would n't otherwise notice her work , she said . She was able to educate a larger audience online about what it means to be a Puerto Rican living in the Midwest . The online discussion helped prepare her to better educate her real-life community . Latism was founded in 2009 by Ana Roca-Castro , the chief executive of Premier Social Media . The group started with a simple tweet : "  Where are all my Latinos ? " More than 300 people responded . Now , the organization has grown to more than 140,000 members . "  What happened before , when all these online and social media things started , many people in our community felt like they were sending their thoughts into thin air , " said Elianne Ramos , the head of communications for the Washington-based organization . "  Through Latism , we give people a place to voice their opinions and talk about the issues that matter to them . A lot of the conversations we have online become initiatives . Our mission is civic empowerment and education . " Every two weeks , the organization is part of a group of 150 Hispanic community leaders on a White House conference call that gives guidance on how to handle issues in the Latino community , Ramos said . "  They explain to us what their plan is , with things like the jobs proposal or Hispanic Heritage Month , and then they take suggestions from us , " Ramos said . "  You can really say what you think and they really listen . And we always remember the community and keep the community in mind . " Isa said the high numbers of Latinos participating in social media has shown that the communities ' issues and passions are more diverse than many realize . "  We keep talking about the Latino community not being monolithic , and it 's not , " Isa said . "  What we 're seeing is that Latinos are beginning to embrace every aspect of what being a Latino is . " "  I 'm here to reflect the movement that has raised me and continues to happen now . Social media is the number one thing helping me lead that change . "	Study : Latino and black people more likely to use Twitter than non-Hispanic whites Latism are harnessing the power of the large Latino social networking community Latina rapper and activist : "  I can send information to my audience with the push of a button "
AMSTERDAM , Netherlands  CNN  -- The nationalities of the people killed in the Turkish Airlines plane crash near Amsterdam 's main airport have been identified as five Turks and four U.S. citizens . Masked investigators work at the crash site Thursday . Among the dead were two Boeing employees , among four onboard the flight , their company said late Thursday in a posting on its Web site . A third was hospitalized , and a fourth employee 's fate was not yet known , the company said . None of their identities have been released . Investigators were trying to determine what caused the crash of the aircraft , a model with a good safety record flown by a well-respected airline at one of the world 's most modern airports . The crash split the plane into three parts , as it was arriving at Schiphol from Istanbul , Turkey , around 10:40 a.m.  4:40 a.m. ET  . Flight 1951 went down in a farmer 's field about 500 yards short of the runway in favorable weather conditions . It had 135 people onboard . Among those injured in the crash , 63 remained hospitalized Thursday , six of them in critical condition , said Theo Weterings , the mayor of Haarlemmermeer municipality , where Amsterdam 's Schiphol Airport is located . Another 25 passengers were severely injured , an official said Tuesday . Authorities have confirmed the nationalities of all but 15 of the passengers and crew , Weterings said . Those on board the flight included 53 Dutch , 51 Turkish , seven Americans , three Britons , and one each from Germany , Bulgaria , Finland , and Taiwan . Watch crash survivors return home " "  I want to express my deepest sympathies again to the victims of TK flight 1951 , " Weterings said . One week ago , an employees ' union accused Turkish Airlines of "  inviting disaster " by ignoring aircraft maintenance , it emerged Thursday . The Turkish Civil Aviation Union alleged on its Web site on February 18 that Turkish Airlines "  is ignoring the most basic function of flight safety , which is plane maintenance services . " "  The company administration does not understand the consequences of ripping people from their jobs and inviting a disaster . " The union , which represents 12,000 Turkish Airline employees , is involved in an ugly dispute with the company 's management . Watch how survivors described crash " Turkish Airlines posted a statement on its Web site on Thursday saying it takes safety seriously and that it followed all "  maintenance procedures of the plane manufacturer , national and international authorities directives " for the plane . Two days before the crash , the company statement said , the pilot of the plane reported failure with the "  Master Caution Light " while taxiing . The part was replaced , and "  after this replacement , the plane had eight take-offs and landings and there were no problems , " Turkish Airlines said . In the wake of the disaster , Turkish Airlines executives and officials from Turkey 's Transportation Ministry said the Boeing 737-800 had last been inspected December 22 . See where 737-800 has been involved in previous incidents " "  There was no problem with maintenance in the records of the plane , " Candan Karlicetin , executive board chairman of Turkish Airlines , said in a news conference just hours after the crash . Teams of investigators arrived at the crash site just after daybreak and set up a large white tent . They fanned out over the debris field , where the white fuselage of the Boeing lay in three pieces . A special Turkish Airlines flight landed in Amsterdam Thursday morning from Istanbul , carrying about 70 relatives of those on board the fatal flight . The relatives were accompanied by trauma specialists , the airline said . The flight data and voice recorders were recovered . Turkish officials have also ruled out weather conditions as a possible reason for the crash . Dutch and Turkish authorities say they await the results of an international investigation into the cause . Aviation experts say Turkish Airlines has a relatively good safety record , though in 2003 , more then 70 people were killed when a Turkish Airlines domestic flight crashed in fog near the southeastern city of Diyarbakir . Turkey 's flagship carrier had been expanding its routes and fleet of aircraft in recent years . Hollywood actor Kevin Costner was recently hired to star in an advertising campaign for the company . Costner 's commercials were to be broadcast in 70 countries . An employee in Turkish Airlines ' advertising department said the promotional campaign was suspended in the wake of the fatal plane crash . CNN 's Jim Bittermann in Amsterdam , Netherlands , and Ivan Watson in Istanbul , Turkey , contributed to this report	NEW : Two Boeing employees -- among four on flight -- were killed , company says NEW : Their identities have not been released 63 people remained in the hospital , six in critical condition , mayor says Plane crashed near Amsterdam 's main airport , splitting into three parts
CNN  -- Electrical stimulation from a spinal cord implant , mimicking the signals the brain would normally transmit to move the body , has allowed a paralyzed patient to stand on his own and walk on a treadmill with assistance , researchers said Thursday . At a news conference in New York City , doctors introduced Rob Summers , a 25-year-old , paralyzed spinal cord injury patient from Oregon . He received continual epidermal stimulation to the lower spinal cord , researchers said , enabling the muscle and joint movements that are required to stand and , with assistance , to step . "  This stimulation causes changes in the brain and changes in the spinal cord , " said Dr. V. Reggie Edgerton , a professor in the Departments of Integrative Biology and Physiology and of Neurobiology at the University of California , Los Angeles . "  Now we need to know how this has occurred . " A therapy already in use in a number of U.S. hospitals is known as functional electronic stimulation  FES  , in which stimulants or electrodes are placed on the skin above the muscles to help chronic spinal cord injury patients move their limbs and , in some cases , walk with assistance . In the newly unveiled procedure , however , the electrodes are implanted in the patient 's body . But even beyond that , there are distinct differences in the two procedures , the researchers said . "  In our case it 's a constant signal , " said Dr. Susan Harkema , a professor at the Department of Neurological Surgery at the University of Louisville . "  FES tries to bypass the circuitry by stimulating the muscles externally with electrodes . We allow the spinal cord to control the muscles on its own . " The researchers said in the initial phase of their experiment , Summers was able to reach a standing position , supplying the muscular push himself while his spinal cord was being stimulated electrically . He could stand independently , bearing full weight , for up to four minutes at a time He also began to move his toes , ankles , knees and hips while being stimulated . "  This does not represent a cure for spinal cord injury , " Edgerton said , "  but it 's something to build on . " At today 's press conference , Summers , who became paralyzed in his lower extremities following a hit-and-run accident in July 2006 , talked about his experience . "  I was able to stand independently , the third day we turned it on , " said Summers . "  I was amazed . I use it two hours a day now , and I hope to someday go back to playing baseball . " The project , which is outlined in the latest issue of the medical journal Lancet , was funded by the Christopher and Dana Reeve Foundation , which provides money for research on spinal cord injuries .	Paralyzed patient , 25 , said he is able to stand by himself , walk with assistance Rob Summers received continual epidermal stimulation to the lower spinal cord Researcher : New treatment allows "  the spinal cord to control the muscles on its own " Though not a cure , "  it 's something to build on , " Dr. V. Reggie Edgerton says
CNN  -- A cracked windshield was not part of traveler Jennifer Squires ' flight plan when she boarded a Delta Air Lines flight from Atlanta to Los Angeles on Saturday , May 3 . The Boeing 767-300 aircraft was flying at 38,000 feet when the pilot told passengers over the intercom that they would be making an emergency landing in Albuquerque , wrote Squires , via e-mail . "  I immediately thought someone was ill , " she wrote . "  A few minutes later he  the pilot  told us that because of pressure , the windshield in the cockpit arched , bubbled , and then shattered . " Not the entire windshield , clarified a Federal Aviation Administration spokesman . "  Our initial information was that the outside part of the windshield shattered but the interior part remained intact , " wrote FAA spokesman Lynn Lunsford , via email . "  All windows and windshields are at least double paned , " said Delta spokesman Morgan Durrant said via e-mail . "  This is a rare occurrence but the established procedure is to divert . " Share your travel photos with CNNireport There was no loss of cabin pressure , and the airplane landed in about 15 minutes , Squires said . The aircraft had taken off at 8:58 a.m. Eastern Time and landed in Albuquerque at 9:49 a.m. local time  11 : 49 a.m. Eastern Time  , according to FlightAware.com . "  As I exited the plane , I asked if I could see the damage , " wrote Squires , who took her picture at that time . "  The pilot and co-pilot were in the cockpit , and I thanked them for getting us down safely . " Squires , who shared the story with CNN iReport , credited the crew 's skill and demeanor . "  They were very calm . The whole crew was in fact very professional and quite calm . I really did n't fear for my life , and I do n't think anyone else was overly reactive or worried . " The airline told passengers it was flying another aircraft from Los Angeles and also offered to re-book passengers on other flights to Los Angeles , Squires said . . Cracked windshield causes plane to make emergency landing in Orlando	A Friday flight from Atlanta to Los Angeles diverted to Albuquerque A cracked windshield was to blame for the changed route Passenger Jennifer Squires credited the pilots ' skill and calm demeanor
CNN  -- Early childhood programs for low-income families in six states , forced to close because of the government shutdown , will reopen with the help of $ 10 million in emergency funding from billionaire Houston couple Laura and John Arnold , the National Head Start Association said Tuesday . Some 7,000 children in Alabama , Connecticut , Florida , Georgia , South Carolina and Mississippi were affected by the closures , the organization said . As many as 97,000 children in 41 states and one U.S. territory could be affected if the showdown extends into November , the group added . Shutdown forecast : Week Two , and clouds ahead Head Start serves about 1 million children a year , according to the federal Department of Health and Human Services , which administers the program . "  The Arnolds ' most generous act epitomizes what it means to be an angel investor ; they have selflessly stepped up for Head Start children to ensure their path toward kindergarten readiness is not interrupted by the inability of government to get the nation 's fiscal house in order , " the association 's executive director , Yasmina Vinci , said in a written statement . The Head Start Association said it will repay the Arnolds if the government , after the shutdown , provides funding to keep programs operational for a year . "  The entire Head Start community and the at-risk children we serve are tremendously grateful to the Arnolds for their compassion and generosity , " Vinci said . "  The bottom line , however , is that angel investors like the Arnolds can not possibly offer a sustainable solution to the funding crisis threatening thousands of our poorest children . "  Our elected officials simply must find a fiscal solution that protects , preserves and promotes the promise that quality early learning opportunities like Head Start offer to nearly one million at-risk children each year . " Head Start is a federal program that helps low-income children from birth to age 5 prepare for school . It was founded in 1965 . According to its website , it has since served more than 30 million children and their families in urban and rural areas in all 50 states , the District of Columbia , Puerto Rico and the U.S. territories . When Head Start programs close , many parents must miss work or school to find alternative care for their children , the association said .	The government shutdown forced some Head Start programs to close A couple 's $ 10 million donation will reopen the programs in six states Head Start helps low-income children prepare for school
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Osama bin Laden spent years on the run in Pakistan after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , moving from one safe house to another and fathering four children , at least one of whom was born in a government hospital , his youngest widow has told Pakistani investigators . A deposition taken from the widow , identified by police as Amal Ahmed Abdul Fateh , gives the clearest picture yet of bin Laden 's life while international forces hunted him . "  While we may never be able to corroborate every detail , generally speaking , bin Laden 's wife 's account seems plausible , and it confirms some previously held theories on where the al-Qaeda leader was hiding over the years , " a U.S. official said about the widow 's account . The world 's most wanted man remained free until U.S. Navy SEALs killed him during a raid on his compound in Abbottabad in May 2011 . Fateh and two other widows of bin Laden 's -- identified by U.S. officials as Khairiah Sabar and Siham Sabar -- have been in Pakistani custody since the raid . Pakistani authorities have started legal proceedings against the widows , alleging forgery and illegal entrance into Pakistan . A source familiar with the widows ' case told CNN the three women will be charged Monday with living illegally in Pakistan . If convicted , they could face a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison . The source said the Yemeni government has expressed readiness to let Fateh return home . Saudi Arabia , where the other two women are from , has been more resistant . In the January 19 police report , first published by the Pakistani newspaper Dawn and obtained Friday by CNN , Fateh said she had always wanted to marry a mujahed , or holy warrior . When word of plans for her arranged marriage to bin Laden came in 2000 , she flew to Pakistan , crossed the Afghanistan border at Quetta and went to Kandahar . She said she did not recall exactly when , but she was married before the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York , Washington and Pennsylvania . She lived with bin Laden and his two other wives until the attacks . The family "  scattered " after that , she told police . She said she returned to the southern port city of Karachi with her eldest daughter , Safia , and stayed in a flat for eight or nine months . She said that "  all the things were arranged by some Pakistani family and Saad , " bin Laden 's eldest son . They moved six or seven times in Karachi before she reunited with bin Laden in the border city of Peshawar . They moved to the Swat Valley , living in two houses over an eight - or nine-month period . Next , they shifted to Haripur , also in northern Pakistan . Fateh 's daughter Aasia was born there in 2003 and son Ibrahim the next year . Fateh said she stayed in a hospital on both occasions . They settled in Abbottabad in 2005 and stayed there for six years before bin Laden was killed . Fateh had two more children in Abbottabad -- daughter Zainab was born in 2006 and son Hussain in 2008 . Fateh said two families , whom she called the Ibrahim and Abrar families , stayed with them while they were in Swat , Haripur and Abbottabad , and "  everything was arranged by them . " She said some members of those two families were killed in the raid , as was bin Laden 's 20-year-old son , Khalid . She told police she never applied for a visa during her stay in Pakistan . CNN asked Pakistani officials in Washington , in e-mails and over the phone , whether they had any knowledge of Fateh 's movements and got no response . CNN 's Brian Todd , Peter Bergen and Tim Lister contributed to this report .	Osama bin Laden 's family "  scattered " after the 9/11 attacks , widow tells police The al Qaeda leader lived undetected in Pakistan for many years He was killed last May in a raid Widow says Pakistani families helped arrange her travel and housing
CNN  -- Authorities expect to allow residents to begin re-entering some of their communities in fire-ravaged Bastrop County , Texas , this week as firefighters made some headway against the blaze at 50 % containment . Four subdivisions will be reopened to evacuated residents Monday , with additional openings set for Tuesday and Thursday , according to a press release from the county . Despite the slight gains made by firefighters in Bastrop , however , homes continue to burn in a dry spell unseen since 1895 . At least 1,554 homes have been torched so far in the nearly 180 wildfires that broke out over 170,686 acres last week , according to Victoria Koenig , a spokeswoman for the Texas Forest Service . Six people were unaccounted for Sunday in Bastrop County near Austin where the most damaging blaze was burning . Authorities are asking those who have not registered at evacuation centers to do so , and are also asking friends or family of those unaccounted for to check in if they know their whereabouts . In the wake of the fire , two people were found dead last week during searches of the charred subdivisions , the Texas Forest Service said . One person was identified Saturday as Vickie Keenan , 58 , said Bastrop County Sheriff Terry Pickering . The Bastrop County Complex fire now includes the 719-acre Union Chapel wildfire , but on Saturday morning , all Union Chapel residents were allowed to return to their homes , officials said . The Union Chapel fire was 90 % contained Saturday , officials said . Gina Thurman was among residents allowed to return to their homes last week . Her subdivision was mostly unscathed by the fire , but her home of 10 years as well as her next door neighbor 's house were destroyed . "  I was digging around this morning and I stopped because it was still smoldering , " she said Saturday . "  Basically , there is nothing to salvage , nothing to salvage . " Few recognizable items existed amid the ash and rubble . "  A few of the things I was going through on my list I was like , ` Dang it , you know , I 'm going to miss that one , ' " Thurman said . "  But I have the memory . Close the eyes and you can see it , you know ? " Thurman plans to rebuild , noting "  it 's just property , it can be replaced . " Since January 1 , state and local firefighters and crews from across the country have battled 18,887 wildfires over more than 3.5 million acres in Texas , according to state officials . CNN 's Chris Welch contributed to this report .	Four subdivisions will be reopened Monday in Bastrop County More than 1,500 homes have burned Six people are unaccounted for It is the worst dry spell for the state since 1895
CNN  -- As the battle surrounding Casey Kasem brought his relatives into the courtroom again Friday , the iconic radio host 's health is declining , and his family is preparing to say goodbye . Kasem "  wo n't be with us much longer , " said Danny Deraney , the rep for the "  American Top 40 " host 's daughter , Kerri Kasem . His family is gathering at St. Anthony Hospital in Washington , where the ailing 82-year-old was in critical condition as of Thursday , according to the hospital . His son , Mike Kasem , traveled from Singapore to be with his father , and Kasem 's brother flew in from Detroit . Kasem suffers from Lewy body dementia , which has no cure . Kasem 's children from his first marriage hope the family will look past their dispute during his last moments . They want him to be surrounded by loved ones , including their stepmother and half-sister , Jean and Liberty Kasem . "  If he opens his eyes , I want my dad just once to see everyone standing around him , putting our differences aside and let him know how much he is loved by everyone , including Jean and Liberty , " Kerri Kasem said in a statement . Deraney said the Kitsap County Superior Court recognized a previous California court order that gave Kerri Kasem full health conservatorship over her father . During the hearing Friday , the court also found Casey Kasem 's wife , Jean Kasem , in contempt , but did not penalize her with a fine , Deraney said . He added that Jean Kasem was granted a private family moment for more than two hours with her husband of 34-years . Attorneys for Jean Kasem said the judge 's findings and order will be prepared and circulated for signature next week . Jean Kasem presented her side of the story in a declaration filed at the Kitsap County Superior Court on Wednesday , which was obtained by CNN . It includes documentation that the Kitsap County Sheriff 's Office had no concern for her husband 's well-being in her care , and supporting declarations from the family friends the Kasems were visiting in Washington . The declaration also claims that Kerri Kasem owes $ 1.3 million to Casey and Jean Kasem after accepting various financial gifts from her father since she turned 18 . Jean Kasem further alleges that Kerri Kasem is a Scientologist , citing an unverified celebrity website , and includes an article about the FBI investigating the Church of Scientology for human trafficking . Deraney denies that Kerri Kasem has ever been a Scientologist , adding , "  She loves studying religions . Jean picked out the most controversial one to distract from what 's really going on . " In light of the ongoing family feud , a court order signed by a Kitsap County judge on Thursday dictated that visits to Casey Kasem would be equally shared by both sides of the family , and that during his final hours everyone would be permitted to visit him at the same time . Kasem 's daughter , Julie Kasem , also said she hoped for peace during her father 's final moments . "  My dad taught us that family comes first . We want to honor him and make sure all of his family , including Jean and Liberty , are surrounding him with love at this critical time , " she said in a statement . Casey Kasem alert but in critical condition Casey Kasem hospitalized as feud between wife , daughter continues Washington state judge allows Casey Kasem 's daughter to visit him	The ailing 82-year-old is in critical condition Kasem "  wo n't be with us much longer , " rep says "  My dad taught us that family comes first . We want to honor him , " daughter says
CNN  -- There used to be a bookstore -- I think it was the late Gotham Book Mart on 46th Street -- where you 'd find a yellowing map of Woody Allen 's New York : a listing of the locations the writer and director had made famous in such films as "  Annie Hall , " "  Manhattan " and "  Hannah and Her Sisters . " That was the thing about Woody -- the map did n't have to venture far from the five boroughs .  Or , frankly , from what another Woody -- Guthrie -- called "  the New York island . " Starting sometime in the late '80s , Allen started expanding his geographical footprint considerably . Well , at least to Europe . His new film , "  To Rome With Love , " is set in -- you guessed it -- Rome . It opens in the U.S. on June 22 . It 's already opened in Italy , where it took in $ 3.7 million its opening weekend and was the country 's No. 1 grossing film , beating even the crowd-pleasing "  Battleship . " Allen 's latest follows a sequence of films set in London , Barcelona and Paris . What does Woody see in these cultural capitals ? Take a tour with the bespectacled filmmaker and the fine reference site www.movie-locations.com and find out . The London of "  Match Point "  2005 "  Match Point , " a Hitchcockian crime drama that followed a series of middling comedies  "  Small Time Crooks , " "  The Curse of the Jade Scorpion , " "  Anything Else "  was intended for Allen 's native New York but moved to London for the most practical of reasons : That 's where the financing was . Nevertheless , Allen made the most of the trip , and it shows in the settings . The film , about social-climbing tennis player Chris Wilton  Jonathan Rhys-Meyers  and his fraught affair with American actress Nola Rice  Scarlett Johansson  , makes the city , at times , look as lush as Allen 's Manhattan -- no small trick . Photos : London landmarks Visit : The Tate Modern  Bankside , London SE1  . The famed art museum is housed in an old power station . Among the works on display are Duchamp 's "  Fountain , " Damien Hirst 's "  Pharmacy " and Rothko 's "  Red on Maroon . " It 's where Rhys-Meyers ' and Johansson 's characters meet after the former is married . View : The Gherkin  30 St Mary Axe , London EC3A  . Perhaps the most famous of London 's recent wave of American-style skyscrapers , architect Norman Foster 's tube-like high-rise is the site of Wilton 's post-tennis job . Shop in : Mayfair  London W1  . If you can afford it , Mayfair is London 's luxury shopping and residential district , home to the custom tailors of Savile Row  the street where the Beatles once made their headquarters  , the jewelers of Bond Street and what 's soon to be the former American embassy at Grosvenor Square . At the least , have a drink . That 's what Wilton and Rice do . The Paris of "  Midnight in Paris "  2011 Allen 's whimsical tale of an American writer  Owen Wilson  in the City of Light is his most successful box office hit . It also won Allen his fourth Oscar . In the film , Wilson 's Gil , a troubled screenwriter trying to write a novel , longs for the Paris of the '20s , a period he sees as a golden era . He learns that nostalgia is in the mind of the beholder , but he certainly sees the city at its most dazzling . Photos : City of Light -- and love Visit : Musée Rodin  79 Rue de Varenne , 7ème  . Dedicated to Auguste Rodin , the sculptor of "  The Thinker " and "  The Kiss , " the Musée Rodin features a gorgeous garden behind an 18th-century hotel where Rodin worked the last years of his life . In the movie , Gil bickers with the guide over events in Rodin 's life as the group strolls through the grounds . View : St. Etienne du Mont  Place Sainte-Geneviève , 5ème  . It 's here , near the steps of this 15th-century church , that Gil is strolling when the mysterious car pulls up and takes him back to the 1920s . Also worth a look : the area around Sacre Coeur in Montmartre  18ème  , the highest point in Paris , full of beautiful vistas and steep stairways , where Gil finds himself late in the film . Shop in : Shakespeare and Co.  37 Rue de la Bûcherie , 5ème  . The original Shakespeare and Co. , a bookstore that opened in 1919 , was a regular stop for American and British expatriates . The current shop dates from 1951 and was named after the first bookstore in 1964 . The location on the Left Bank is close by the Petit Pont , which connects the Left Bank with the Île de la Cité , home of Notre Dame . The Barcelona of "  Vicky Cristina Barcelona "  2008 This romantic comedy , which starred Scarlett Johansson and Rebecca Hall as two American students who get mixed up with a Spanish artist  Javier Bardem  and his mentally unbalanced ex-wife  Penelope Cruz  , won a Golden Globe for best musical or comedy film . Cruz won an Oscar for best supporting actress . Visit : Tibidabo Amusement Park  71 Carretera de Vallvidrera al Tibidabo  . The century-old amusement park , located on a mountain overlooking the city , was where Vicky , Cristina and their boyfriends spent an afternoon . Do n't want to go to an amusement park ? There 's always Park Güell , the turn-of-the-century hilltop development created by Antonio Gaudi , or La Sagrada Familia  401 Calle Mallorca  , Gaudi 's amazing church , which has been under construction for more than 100 years . Photos : Soaking up Spain View : Peix d'Or  1 Carrer de la Marina  . Architect Frank Gehry 's giant fish was commissioned for the 1992 Olympics . The Port Olimpic area was built up for the Games and was the site of scenes featuring Vicky and Cristina . Shop in : Las Ramblas . The famed promenade may be less than a mile long , but it 's the place to be for people watching , window shopping and taking in some of Barcelona 's most notable attractions , including the city 's opera house and the Font de Canaletes . Allen 's protagonists certainly took advantage , shooting photographs and making assignations . The Rome of "  To Rome With Love "  2012 OK , so the film is barely out , but based on the trailer and the cast , this looks like one of Allen 's episodic turns -- there 's an older couple  Allen and Judy Davis  , a set of confused young adults  Jesse Eisenberg , Greta Gerwig , Ellen Page  and a couple of Europeans adding color  Roberto Benigni , Penelope Cruz  . The local press has criticized it for presenting a tourist 's view of the city , but moviegoers might not be so put off . Visit : The Trevi Fountain  Piazza de Trevi , near the intersection of Via della Stamperia and Via delle Muratte  . Allen 's characters would be remiss if they did n't drop a coin in the Trevi , the ornate watering hole that was completed in 1762 , though its origins date back to the Roman Empire . The fountain has been featured in "  Roman Holiday " and "  Three Coins in the Fountain , " the latter of which pays tribute to the legend that a person who throws a coin in the fountain is destined to return to Rome . Photos : iReporters in Italy View : Rome was built on seven hills , so there 's plenty of spectacular views . One of the best is from the Cupola of St. Peter 's Basilica in Vatican City . You can take an elevator to the top , but climbing the 320 steps is well worth it .  Be sure to dress properly , though : no shorts or miniskirts .  The Sistine Chapel , where Cruz 's character cracks a lewd joke , is a short walk . Shop in : Piazza Spagna  1 Piazza di Spagna and surrounding area  . Allen may not be a fashion plate , but his upscale characters would certainly want to take advantage of the best Italian clothiers -- and it 's here , at the Spanish Steps , that many of them have their flagship stores . What if Europe is n't in your plans ? Do n't worry . There 's always Manhattan , where the vast majority of Allen 's 40-plus films have been made . And if you want to really get off the map , take a trip to the Republic of San Marcos . Just remember : Change your underwear every half-hour , and please wear it on the outside so authorities can check .	A handful of Woody Allen 's recent films have featured great European cities Allen 's latest , "  To Rome With Love , " opens in the U.S. in June Follow in his characters ' footsteps with these travel ideas
The rates of U.S. children affected by attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder  ADHD  are skyrocketing , according to a recent report , but experts caution that the latest numbers require a bit of decoding . That information shows that 11 % of children aged 4 to 17 were diagnosed with ADHD , a 16 % increase since 2007 , the last time that researchers at Centers for Disease Control  CDC  did a comprehensive survey for the prevalence of the neurobehavior disorder . The rise was especially dramatic among boys , with an estimated 1 in 5 boys in high school diagnosed with ADHD . What 's more , about two-thirds of the children diagnosed were treated with stimulant medications that can improve attention but also come with side effects . Are rates truly climbing at such an alarming rate ? Possibly . But many experts believe that 's unlikely . The data was collected by the CDC and analyzed and reported by the New York Times ; the CDC plans to publish its own report on the data in the coming months . TIME.com : Are ADHD medications being overused ? To start , the information on ADHD rates came from parents reporting on the diagnosis for their children during telephone interviews . Such reports are useful but not as reliable as the verified diagnoses from medical or school records , says Dr. William Barbaresi , director of the developmental medicine center at Boston Children 's Hospital . Second , such records-based data suggests that ADHD rates among children may be somewhere between 7.5 % and 9.5 % , with boys at the higher end of the range , not 11 % . In its previous round of analysis , CDC found that ADHD diagnoses rose by 22 % between 2003 and 2007 , based on the same telephone surveys of 76,000 families in the United States , climbing by an average of 3 % to 6 % each year between 2000 and 2010 . But the latest figures , which included responses collected between 2011 and 2012 , show a far higher prevalence that hints at classrooms full of hyperactive and impulsive kids . "  By definition , ADHD requires that symptoms have to have a significant effect on life , " says Barbaresi . "  To say that a tenth of all children have a biologic condition that affects their life enough to call it a disorder just does not make sense . " TIME.com : Teens taking ADHD drugs to get good grades If that 's the case , then a significant proportion of these children may also be mistreated with medications that they do n't need . "  This report and others raises questions about whether we may not be overdiagnosing ADHD and overusing medications , " says Dr. Thomas Power , director of the center for management of ADHD at Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia . That could have serious implications for children 's long term mental and physical health , since ADHD drugs such as Ritalin and Adderall have been linked to dramatic weight loss and suppressed growth . And some experts have voiced concern that early use of the behavior-modifying drugs could alter the natural arc of children 's social and creative development . TIME.com : New ADHD guidelines include kids as young as 4 The apparent rise in the prevalence of ADHD highlights several shortcomings in the way that not only ADHD , but mental health issues in general , are diagnosed and treated in the United States , says Barbaresi . Most children are labeled with the disorder by their pediatrician or family doctor , who are n't always trained in providing the in-depth evaluation that a reliable diagnosis requires . "  Symptoms are not and should not be sufficient , " says Ruth Hughes , CEO of Children and Adults with Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder  CHADD  . "  The symptoms have to occur every day for a long period of time , and , more importantly , these symptoms have to lead to major disruption or impairment in at least two areas of a person 's life , such as at school or in relationships . " While the American Academy of Pediatrics  AAP  recently provided an updated guideline on the criteria for a proper ADHD diagnosis , including reports not only from parents but from teachers and other daycare personnel about a child 's hyperactive , impulsive and inattentive behavior , not all physicians have the time to carefully collect and vet the input from these sources . TIME.com : Teens ' use of ADHD drugs up sharply In addition , in order to properly identify a child affected by ADHD , Barbaresi , for example , conducts a medical and psychological assessment that takes several hours and requires the child and the parents to complete questionnaires about how the child responds to different situations , which factors seem to trigger hyperactive behavior or inattentiveness , as well as how disruptive these episodes are to the child 's daily activities . Unfortunately , most insurers do not reimburse for such evaluations , and that pushes already busy doctors to take the path of least resistance -- prescribing medications such as Ritalin or Adderall . "  That 's the big elephant in the room -- pediatricians and the family practitioner are being asked to sort out a complex situation in an inadequate amount of time without access to data from psychological assessments they need to make these fine distinctions , " says Barbaresi . "  So it 's a set-up for inappropriate decisions to be made . " And those include not just mis-diagnosis and over-medication of children but mistreatment and even under-diagnosis in some situations . In rural and urban areas , where mental health services are scarcer and more stigmatized , rates of ADHD diagnoses are slightly lower than in affluent areas , and children in these areas are less likely to be treated properly . That could have implications for the long-term health of these children , since studies also show that about 60 % of children with ADHD have a learning disability , and that 60 % will go on to develop another mental illness by age 19 . So a proper diagnosis of ADHD does n't just provide opportunities to treat behavior problems , but potentially mental illnesses as well . That 's why "  it 's clearly inappropriate to do these superficial assessments , " says Barbaresi . TIME.com : Nearly 1 in 4 who seek treatment do n't have ADHD Being too quick to diagnose the disorder also means doctors may be bypassing effective , non-drug treatments that may benefit many children , especially the youngest . The AAP recommends that children younger than 6 start with behavior therapy before beginning medications , but writing a prescription is far easier than monitoring a series of sessions that involve training and a commitment of time and effort from parents and family members . "  The problem we face is that behavioral , psychosocial and non-pharmacologic interventions are not sufficiently available to people , " says Power . "  When I talk to pediatricians and primary care physicians , they tell me they do n't want to be diagnosing ADHD as often as they are , and they do n't want to be using medications as often as they are , but they do n't have many other options available . It 's difficult to get kids into mental health treatments and psychosocial treatments that they believe many of these children and their families need . " These programs are designed to assess what factors trigger and sustain inappropriately impulsive and hyperactive behavior , he says , by involving parents and helping them to modify environmental factors or interactions with their children to modify their behavior . Playing and engaging more directly with children on a regular basis , for example , tends to calm them down , and setting limits and educating children about the consequences of their actions can also help . In groups that Power has conducted with his patients , parents have reported that such behavioral interventions are effective in improving children 's relationships with their parents as well as with their teachers and classmates in school . But these programs do n't work in a vacuum , and ideally , parents , doctors and teachers should coordinate their efforts to ensure that the appropriate behavior is being positively reinforced among children with ADHD . "  The best treatment is a combination of parent training , behavioral intervention , school interventions , and medication where needed , " says Hughes . All too often , current therapies are n't taking advantage of the full power of this recipe . This article was initially published on TIME.com . Understanding the rise in ADHD diagnoses : 11 % of U.S. children are affected	A recent report shows the rate of U.S. children with ADHD is rising Some experts say it raises questions about whether we are overdiagnosing ADHD And some children may be treated with medications they do n't need , experts say Under-diagnosis may also be a problem in some areas
CNN  -- Bayern Munich smashed seven goals past struggling Hannover to re-establish the German giants ' two-point lead in the Bundesliga on Saturday night . In-form Dutch forward Arjen Robben scored a hat-trick while Croatia striker Ivica Olic and young German Thomas Muller both netted twice each to keep Bayern clear of second-placed Schalke , who earlier won 3-1 at home to Borussia Moenchengladbach . Bayern go into Wednesday 's Champions League semifinal first leg against French side Lyon full of confidence , though the match is in doubt due to the volcanic explosion in Iceland which has halted European air travel . Robben scored the goal that put Bayern into the last four of Europe 's premier club competition with an away goals win over Manchester United , and is in hot domestic scoring form after also finding the net in last weekend 's 1-1 draw at Bayer Leverkusen . The recalled Olic opened the floodgates in the 22nd minute from close range after a cross by fullback Diego Contento , and Robben doubled the lead on the half-hour with a superb solo effort . Robben was also involved as Muller made it 3-0 just before halftime , and Olic followed up four minutes after the break when the 20-year-old midfielder 's shot was only parried by goalkeeper Florian Fromlowitz . Robben struck again a minute later , while Olic 's backheel teed up Muller on 62 . Robben , a big hit at Bayern since signing from Real Madrid in August , wrapped up the romp in the final minute as he again tormented the visiting side , who were left second from bottom of the table . Schalke moved onto 61 points with three games to play after a routine win over 12th-placed Borussia Moenchengladbach . Croatian midfielder Ivan Rakitic put the hosts ahead in the eighth minute with the first of his two goals , a fierce effort from just inside the penalty area , but Raul Bobadilla waltzed past goalkeeper Manuel Neuer to level on 16 . Jefferson Farfan gave Schalke the lead again from close range just before halftime after striker Kevin Kuranyi 's header was parried by goalkeeper Logan Bailly . Rakitic made it 3-1 soon after the break with a penalty after Mario Gavranovic was fouled by Dante , while top scorer Kuranyi had an effort ruled out in the 70th minute . Werder Bremen moved up to third place on goal difference with a 4-2 win at Wolfsburg , whose title defense has long been over . Eighth-placed Wolfsburg twice led through strikers Edin Dzeko and Grafite , but Peruvian striker Claudio Pizarro made it 2-2 four minutes after halftime , and midfielder Torsten Frings put Bremen ahead with his second goal on 61 . Portuguese striker Hugo Almeida wrapped it up with 15 minutes to play to end Wolfsburg 's three-match winning run and leave Bremen with just one defeat in 11 outings . Bayer Leverkusen also have 54 points after losing 2-1 at Stuttgart , who climbed to sixth thanks to a double from Cacau . Leverkusen led in the 13th minute when Stefan Reinartz set up striker Stefan Kiessling for his 19th goal this season , but had Tranquillo Barnetta sent off six minutes later for a second booking . Cacau leveled just before half an hour , and the Brazilian striker -- who plans to leave Stuttgart at the end of the season -- pounced to score the winner with just five minutes left from Pavel Pogrebnyak 's deflected pass . Stuttgart moved above Hamburg , who suffered a 1-0 defeat at 10th-placed Mainz following a 20th-minute winner from Aristide Bance . Hamburg have won just once in the last seven Bundesliga matches , and their hopes of European football next season may depend on winning the Europa League -- starting with Thursday 's semifinal first leg at home to English club Fulham . Third-bottom Freiburg boosted their hopes of avoiding relegation with a 2-1 win over fellow strugglers Nuremberg , who also have 28 points along with 15th-placed Bochum . Bochum lost 2-0 at Cologne on Friday night as on-loan Manchester United winger Zoran Tosic scored in each half .	Dutch forward Arjen Robben scores hat-trick in Bayern Munich 's 7-0 win over Hannover Ivica Olic and Thomas Muller also score twice as Bayern stay two points clear at top Schalke had taken league lead with earlier 3-1 victory over Borussia Moenchengladbach Werder Bremen claim third place on goal difference with 4-2 win at champions Wolfsburg
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Nobel peace laureate Desmond Tutu labeled Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe "  Frankenstein " and called for other countries to intervene before the country descended into bloodshed . Desmond Tutu has labelled Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe a "  Frankenstein for his people " International military action against Mugabe 's regime , however , is unlikely , said Australian Foreign Minister Stephen Smith . And Friday 's runoff election in the country will go on "  no matter what , " said the U.S. ambassador in Zimbabwe . Tutu -- speaking from Capetown , South Africa -- told Australian television that Mugabe has disappointed many who held him in high regard for his role in liberating the country from "  the shackles of colonialism . " "  He has , I mean , mutated into something that is quite unbelievable , " Tutu said late Tuesday . "  He has really turned into a kind of Frankenstein for his people . " Mugabe , 84 , has been Zimbabwe 's only leader since it gained independence from Britain in 1980 . Frankenstein is the name of the scientist in a Mary Shelley novel who creates a monster in the likeness of man . Over the years , popular culture has taken to referring to the creature itself as "  Frankenstein . " Tutu , the Anglican Archbishop of Cape Town , urged international intervention to curb the violence and harassment leading up to a runoff vote in Zimbabwe . "  I just hope I mean that we do n't wait until it is too late , " he said . "  You know , Rwanda happened despite all the warnings that the international community was given . They kept holding back and today we are regretting that we did not , in fact , act expeditiously . " An ethnic cleansing campaign in Rwanda in 1994 led to the deaths of more than 800,000 people , according to the United Nations . Zimbabwean opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai has called for armed international peacekeepers to secure a new presidential election in his country . But international military action against Zimbabwe 's regime is unlikely , Australian Foreign Minister Stephen Smith told reporters . He instead urged other southern African nations to put pressure on Mugabe to step down . "  I do n't think that the international community will move in the first instance or quickly or necessarily at all to military intervention in Zimbabwe , " Smith said Tuesday . "  We 've been arguing for some time and we repeat the argument that the primary responsibility here has to fall upon Zimbabwe 's neighbors . " The U.N. Security Council has unanimously condemned the Zimbabwean government for the campaign of violence and intimidation , but stopped short of calling for a postponement of the runoff or for a new election . Mugabe has said Friday 's vote would take place as planned . James McGee , U.S. ambassador to Zimbabwe , said Mugabe 's ZANU-PF party intends to force people to vote even though Mugabe will be the only candidate on the ballot . "  So they 're saying ` We want an election at all costs . We want to validate Mr. Mugabe 's victory here , " McGee said Tuesday . "  There 's really nothing that we can do here in the international community to stop these elections . " Zimbabwean opposition leader , Tsvangirai , won the most votes in the March 29 election but failed to gain a majority . He formally withdrew Tuesday from the runoff , citing violence against party members . Legal experts in Zimbabwe , however , have said he can not legally withdraw from the runoff ; the Electoral Commission is to meet Wednesday to discuss the matter , the state-run newspaper Harare Herald reported . Speaking to CNN on Tuesday from the Dutch Embassy in Harare , where he has been granted refuge since Sunday , he said , "  This is total war and we can not be part of that war . Watch Tutu 's full interview " "  This is not an election , " he said . "  The conditions are just horrendous . " He added , "  I 've been arrested , I 've been brutalized -- this is not exaggeration . This is reality here . " Mugabe 's government has denied responsibility for the violence in Zimbabwe , instead blaming supporters of Tsvangirai 's own Movement for Democratic Change party . "  He 's frightened , frightened of the people , " Mugabe said of Tsvangirai at a rally Tuesday . " ... Seeking refuge ? What for ? "	Nobel peace laureate Desmond Tutu calls Zimbabwe President "  Frankenstein " Warns of dangers of inaction , compares to Rwanda , 1994 , when 800,000-plus died Australia PM urges southern African nations to put pressure Mugabe to step down U.N. Security Council has unanimously condemned the Zimbabwean govt .
CNN  -- With the 10th anniversary of 9/11 just weeks away , the rebuilding of the World Trade Center in New York goes on round the clock -- reshaping the skyline . As one construction crane lifts steel beams atop One World Trade Center -- the skyscraper taking the place of the Twin Towers -- another simultaneously delivers loads of concrete a few floors below . The steel frame can be seen from miles around now rising stoically above lower Manhattan . Hundreds upon hundreds of construction workers below scurry about like little ants . They 're putting the finishing touches on the 9/11 Memorial Plaza , building the new transportation hub and erecting 4 World Trade Center , another impressive office tower at the site . The redevelopment of the site is taking place at a fast pace ; One World Trade Center rises at the rate of one floor per week . It 's expected to be 80 stories tall when people gather on the plaza for the 10th anniversary of the terrorist attacks that destroyed the buildings and took the lives of 2,753 people . "  It is a towering building and it 's a building of towering strength , " said Chris Ward , executive director of the Port Authority of New York & New Jersey , which owns the site and oversees the construction . The new 1 World Trade Center will fill the void in the skyline left behind when the Twin Towers collapsed . "  I think it balances the New York City skyline , " Ward said . "  The glass that it 's sheathed in will be so bright and the mast going to 1,776 feet , I think , will be the point of reference for the entire region for the next hundred years . " Obama , Bush to be at 9/11 anniversary ceremony , N.Y. mayor says While the building is taking the place of the Twin Towers , only time will tell whether it will be a fitting substitute for the monoliths that anchored lower Manhattan for the better part of three decades . Those two buildings were more than just concrete , steel and glass to so many people across the country , and especially to New Yorkers . "  When the Twin Towers were gone I felt disoriented in the city for a long time , " said Brian Rose , an architectural photographer with a degree in Urban Planning . He started taking pictures of the Towers from just about every angle imaginable in the late 1970s . Some of those photographs appear in his self-published book titled WTC . "  I started photographing the Lower East Side and I saw distant views from the Lower East Side where the Twin Towers were there , " said Rose . "  Then , I photographed Lower Manhattan as part of a project . ... The Twin Towers became very present in those pictures . " It was hard not to include the towers . Rose would see them as he drove toward the city on the New Jersey Turnpike . There was the view from Kennedy Airport of the buildings rising above the New York skyline way off in the distance . But he most liked the glimpses that he would catch of the Twin Towers rising between smaller buildings as he looked downtown on many of the city 's streets . "  The buildings were really signposts . If you came out of the subway anywhere in the city and you were a little bit disoriented at first you could always look one way or the other and see the Twin Towers , " Rose said . "  It was almost like a needle of a compass for me . " He called the destruction of towers "  a kind of civic vandalism on an epic scale . " Fire truck lowered into 9/11 Memorial in honor of its lost crew On September 11 , 2001 , Rose found himself in Amsterdam helplessly watching on TV as the Twin Towers came down . "  It was gut-wrenching . I did n't even realize it until then that I had such a personal relationship with these buildings . I realized that I had been photographing them for much of my adult life . " He returned to New York as soon as flights resumed and he quickly made his way to lower Manhattan to see the destruction for himself . He had his camera in hand but he found it difficult to take pictures . The days and weeks that followed were filled with depression , anxiety and many sleepless nights for Rose . What 's your 9/11 story ? Share it with CNN iReport As he spoke in the shadow of 1 World Trade Center , the building grew taller by the minute . "  I 'm not unhappy to see these buildings going up , " said Rose . "  I 'm not sure in the end whether it 's the right thing . I do n't think anybody knows whether re-creating the World Trade Center is what should have happened or not . " At first , he agreed with most people that something needed to go up in the place of the Twin Towers to once again anchor the city . "  I was pretty certain that we needed to do that ; there needed to be a very tall building with a spire downtown . " But Rose 's feelings have evolved over time . "  I think I am in a wait-and-ee attitude right now . I want to see what this building , which is about two-thirds of the way up now , I want to see how it really functions on the skyline . " Spielberg part of ` Rising : Rebuilding Ground Zero ' The destruction of the Twin Towers left behind a tremendous scar in the city 's skyline and in the psyche of New Yorkers . Rose thinks 1 World Trade Center has the potential to heal that scar . "  I hope so . I do n't think it 's a sure thing , " Rose said . "  I do n't think building buildings is ever a sure thing -- how it 's going to work out in a city , especially a complex city like this one . " But he is happy to see something new taking shape in lower Manhattan . Rose said after 9/11 , "  The city moved forward and one way to move forward is to build . That 's what New York has always been about -- not dwelling in the past and moving on . I 'm not sure the rest of the country is ready to move on but I think New York is . " Rose is taking pictures of One Word Trade Center as it rise above Ground Zero . He sees it as a continuation of his work photographing the Twin Towers . But he 's not sure the building can ever be a substitute for what once stood on the site . Atheist group wants to stop World Trade Center cross	Photographer Brian Rose started taking pictures of the Twin Towers in the late 1970s Rose 's photographs appear in his self-published book "  WTC " Rose : "  When the Twin Towers were gone I felt disoriented in the city for a long time "
EW.com  -- Let me put my cards on the table . I was one of those kids who wasted their youth watching "  Creature Double Feature " smackdowns between Godzilla and his arsenal of enemy combatants such as Mothra and Ghidorah . There was something about seeing these behemoths stomp Tokyo to dust that made me absolutely giddy : the primal doomsday terror of a beast created by A-bomb radiation , the model-shop ingenuity , the laughable man-in-a-rubber-suit campiness . It 's been 16 years since Hollywood nearly soured that love affair , thanks to Roland Emmerich 's 1998 atrocity . And I was hopeful that the splashy new 3-D reboot might rekindle the old flame . Unfortunately , Gareth Edwards ' "  Godzilla " feels like two movies Scotch-taped together . In one , Bryan Cranston plays a nuclear engineer with a tragic past who 's racing to expose the truth about a series of seismic anomalies , Aaron Taylor-Johnson is his estranged soldier son , and Ken Watanabe and Sally Hawkins are a pair of exposition-spouting scientists trying to keep straight faces while talking about electromagnetic pulses and mankind 's hubris . In the other , mammoth CG beasts knock the snot out of one another . Only one of these movies is any good . Thankfully , it 's the monster one . Edwards , whose only previous film was 2010 's low-budget "  Monsters , " has been given a quick call-up to the majors with the reported $ 160 million "  Godzilla . " He does n't seem too interested in his actors â $ " they 're more plodding than their reptilian costars and you do n't care about a single one of them â $ " but Edwards does know how to fashion some serious monster mayhem . Taking a cue from "  Jaws , " he wisely delays Godzilla 's appearance , building suspense . In movies like these , it 's all about the slow tease and the big reveal . As an appetizer , though , he gives us a pair of " MUTOs "  massive unidentified terrestrial organisms  â $ " a male and female duo of giant , Giger-esque creatures with sleek pincer jaws that resemble humongous staple removers . The MUTOs , who arrive on the scene after leveling a Japanese nuclear reactor , care about two things : feeding on the radiation that created them and mating with each other in ... San Francisco of all places . Tony Bennett would be proud . When Godzilla first lumbers on screen to hunt the MUTOs and " restore balance , " he feels both nostalgically familiar and excitingly new . As big as a Sheraton and with a shriek that rumbles your insides , he appears beefier and meaner than you remember . But looks can be deceiving . Godzilla is humanity 's only hope for destroying the MUTOs . Or as Watanabe 's Dr. Serizawa says , " Let them fight ! " And fight they do , in an epic clash that turns the Bay Area to rubble . Unlike last year 's disappointing Pacific Rim , Godzilla actually shows us its monsters without a scrim of rain and a cloak of darkness . And the thrill of the film is getting the chance to fetishize their sheer size and physicality as they rip through power lines and demolish buildings with their lashing tails . In its handful of moments like these , "  Godzilla " almost makes you feel like a kid again . Grade : B - See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Writer says "  Godzilla " feels like two movies Scotch-taped together The film stars Bryan Cranston and Aaron Taylor-Johnson The director 's previous film was 2010 's low-budget "  Monsters "
CNN  -- Former "  Manson Family " member Susan Atkins , who stabbed actress Sharon Tate to death more than 40 years ago and now is terminally ill , was denied parole Wednesday , prison officials said . Susan Atkins , shown here after her indictment in the Manson murders , was denied parole again Wednesday . The parole hearing was the 13th for Atkins , 61 , who is battling terminal brain cancer . Held at the Central California Women 's Facility in Chowchilla , California , the hearing stretched to more than six hours . The panel set another hearing for Atkins in three years , said Michele Kane , spokeswoman for the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation . Atkins was 21 when she and other followers of Charles Manson participated in a two-night rampage that left seven people dead and terrorized the city of Los Angeles in August 1969 . She and the others -- Manson , Leslie Van Houten , Patricia Krenwinkel and Charles "  Tex " Watson -- were initially sentenced to death in the slayings of five people , including Tate , and two additional deaths the following night . Their sentences were automatically commuted to life in prison when the Supreme Court struck down the nation 's death penalty laws in 1972 . Watch Atkins , victims ' kin speak " By her own admission , Atkins , known as Sadie Mae Glutz within the Manson family , held Tate down as she pleaded for mercy , and stabbed the actress 16 times . Tate was eight months pregnant . In a 1993 parole board hearing , Atkins said Tate "  asked me to let her baby live . ... I told her I did n't have any mercy on her . " After killing Tate , according to historical accounts of the slayings , Atkins scrawled the word "  pig " in blood on the door of the home Tate shared with her husband , director Roman Polanski . Polanski was not home , but three of Tate 's house guests were also slain by the killers , as was a teenager who was visiting the home 's caretaker in his nearby cottage . In an interview scheduled to air Friday on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " Linda Kasabian , a former Manson follower who was the prosecution 's star witness against Manson and Atkins , recounted the Tate slayings . Watch Kasabian recall killings " "  I started hearing like horrible screaming and I started running toward the house and Sadie came running out and I just looked at her and I said , ` Sadie , please make it stop , ' " Kasabian said . "  And she said , ' I ca n't . It 's too late . ' ... It was unreal . It was so real that it was unreal . " On whether she asked Atkins and the others why they were killing , Kasabian said , "  It was n't that kind of a scenario . All that I said was , ` Sadie , make it stop . ' " For her safety , Kasabian asked to wear a disguise during the interview , which was conducted last month . As of earlier this year , Atkins was paralyzed over 85 percent of her body and could not sit up in bed or be moved into a wheelchair , according to a Web site maintained by her husband and attorney , James Whitehouse . She has been described as a model prisoner who has accepted responsibility for her role in the slayings and now shuns Manson . But Tate 's sister , Debra Tate , told CNN in an e-mail in March that she does not think any Manson family member convicted of murder should ever be set free , saying the slayings were "  so vicious , so inhumane , so depraved , that there is no turning back . " "  The ` Manson Family ' murderers are sociopaths , and from that , they can never be rehabilitated , " Tate said . "  They should all stay right where they are -- in prison -- until they die . There will never be true justice for my sister Sharon and the other victims of the ` Manson Family . ' Keeping the murderers in prison is the least we , as a society who values justice , can do . " In a manuscript posted on her Web site , Atkins wrote that "  this is the past I have to live with , and I have to live with it every day . " "  Unlike the reader , or the people who seem to think Charles Manson was cool , I ca n't think about it for an hour or so and then go on with my life . Just like the families and friends of the victims , this is with me every day . I have to wake up every day with this and , no matter what I do for the rest of my life and no matter how much I give back to the community , I will never be able to replace what my crime took away . And that 's not ` neat , ' and that 's not ` cool . ' " Atkins ' brain cancer was diagnosed in March 2008 , Whitehouse wrote on his Web site . On May 15 , doctors predicted she would live less than six months . But she passed that deadline , he wrote , and celebrated her 21st wedding anniversary on December 7 .	Susan Atkins held Sharon Tate down and stabbed the pregnant actress 16 times Parole hearing was the 13th for Atkins , who is battling terminal brain cancer The panel set another hearing for Atkins in three years
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- An Indian army trooper gunned down two of his colleagues with his service rifle in the frontier Poonch district of Indian-administered Kashmir on Sunday before turning the gun on himself . "  Senior army officers have rushed to the spot to investigate , " an Indian defense spokesman said . "  The army has also ordered a court of inquiry to ascertain the facts , " defense spokesman Col. Manish Mehta told CNN . This is the second fratricidal incident in Indian-administered Kashmir this year . In February , five troopers were shot dead by a colleague before he killed himself . Senior security force officers attribute the problem to stress because of long duty hours . Several remedial measures -- including granting periodic leaves , bringing in counselors and providing recreational facilities -- have been put in place . Kashmir is a mountainous region that has long been the subject of dispute between India and Pakistan . Both sides keep large numbers of troops in the region . Since 1989 , India has also been fighting against a violent separatist movement in the mainly Muslim area it controls , a conflict that has killed tens of thousands of people .	Indian army trooper uses service rifle to kill fellow troopers and himself The incident took place in the Poonch district of Indian-administered Kashmir In a similar incident in February , a trooper shot five colleagues and himself
CISHAN , Taiwan  CNN  -- Taiwan 's leader Ma Ying-jeou said Sunday he accepts responsibility for the government 's slow response after Typhoon Morakot slammed into the island killing at more than 120 people and unleashing floods , mudslides and misery . Mourners kneel and pray to the dead as they face the devastated valley of Shiao Lin . Ma , who has faced heavy criticism from victims of the disaster , ruled out resignation , insisting his government did its best in the face of difficulties , however he pledged an investigation into any irregularities . "  Certainly , I will take full responsibility whatever the blame is because , after all , I am the president of this country , " Ma told CNN , saying heavy rains grounded rescue helicopters in the first few days after the storm hit , delaying relief . "  Once the weather was good -- that is the 14th of August -- we were able to evacuate 2,518 people . It 's a record , " he said . Hundreds of people still await rescue in remote areas of Taiwan , where torrential downpours , dense fog , rugged terrain and raging rivers have hampered relief efforts . Washed-out roads and collapsed bridges have made some rescue operations impossible Touring disaster areas , Ma has been confronted by angry survivors , and even provoked a scuffle when he opened a weekend baseball game as protesters demanded he step down . Ma has offered apologies and promises to do better . "  We will find out not only to correct the mistakes but  also  to punish the people responsible , " he said . Rescue efforts were ongoing Sunday with military helicopters bringing stranded villagers to their waiting relatives . Watch rescue efforts in Taiwan " Others , waiting days in anguish for word on their loved ones , lashed out in anger . "  Local officials do n't care , " one man said . "  There are still people there and they do n't do anything . " On Saturday , weeping relatives of typhoon victims set up shrines near devastated villages to calm the spirits of the dead and honor the belief that their souls will return home after seven days . Watch mourners call home souls of the dead " Morakot hit the island last weekend , dropping 2.6 meters  102 inches  of rain . Before it roared on to mainland China on Sunday , the storm killed at least 123 people in Taiwan . The death toll could climb to more than 300 after more villagers buried by mudslides and floodwaters are found , Taiwan officials have said . Southern and central Taiwan were hardest hit by the storm . Mudslides inundated some places in the south , including the village of Shiao Lin , where 160 homes were lost . Authorities believe hundreds of people could be trapped under five stories of mud in the village . International aid efforts were mobilizing on Sunday , however these were complicated by diplomatic pitfalls in the face of China 's territorial claims over Taiwan , which it considers a renegade province awaiting reunification . The U.S. military has begun a "  modest " humanitarian aid mission to Taiwan with the dispatch of a Marine Corps C-130 cargo plane carrying plastic tarpaulins for shelter , U.S. defense officials said . Also Sunday , the USS Denver was en route to the Taiwanese coast with additional humanitarian aid and water purification capabilities , the officials said . The Navy ship is expected to arrive Monday , but officials could not say when it will launch its heavy-lift helicopters to drop the aid . Sources in Washington have said in providing aid to Taiwan , the United States must be sensitive to its territorial relationship with China . CNN 's John Vause in Cishan , Taiwan ; Pauline Chiou in Shiao Lin , Taiwan ; and Mike Mount in Washington contributed to this report .	Taiwan 's leader says he takes blame for slow typhoon response Ma Ying-jeou has refused to stand down over criticism Typhoon killed 123 people in Taiwan and left many thousands homeless
Cairo  CNN  -- Former President Anwar Sadat 's "  infitah " or open door policy was a megaproject touted as a fix-all to Egypt 's ailing economy . The idea seemed logical on paper -- attracting foreign investment as a means of reaching economic prosperity . In reality , however , the open door policy widened social disparities , yielding a boom in construction , hotel , and tourism industries and concentrating wealth in the hands of a few . By 1977 -- nearly three years after the project had been in effect -- nine out of 10 Egyptians were living in poverty and half of the country 's men did n't have regular jobs . Sadat 's decision to address the situation with a World Bank loan was conditional upon cutting subsidies for basic foodstuffs . The result were the infamous "  bread riots " of 1977 . Nearly 40 years later , a new $ 8.4 billion dollar Suez Canal expansion project stands poised to -- as a World Bank official put it -- "  change the economic landscape of Egypt " by engaging private business and creating at least one million new jobs . The project will likely create wealth -- but will it be shared by all ? Egypt 's recent history with such projects raises doubts . Former President Hosni Mubarak embarked upon several neoliberal projects which were also billed as economic fix-alls that ultimately only benefited a select few . Cairo 2050 in the late 2000s and Toshka in the late 1990s were two massive urban planning projects costing into the billions which did little to address Egypt 's social disparities and eventually failed . Both of these projects hinged upon displacing something around 20 % of the Egyptian population -- many of whom were living in informal urban areas in the Nile Valley -- to satellite towns in the desert . Toskha relied on private sector investments while Cairo 2050 sought to replace Nile valley residents with five star hotels , business parks , wide boulevards , and compounds . Before these two projects was the smaller-scaled Dreamland , a private residence complex 17 km west of Cairo designed for the upper classes seeking an escape from the din of the city . In his piece , Dreamland : The Neoliberalism of Your Desires , Timothy Mitchell uses the example of the project to show the lopsided economic benefits of Mubarak 's projects . Mitchell describes Dreamland as a complex featuring "  luxury fiber-optic-wired villas , shopping malls , theme parks , golf courses , and polo grounds " staffed by employees who did n't earn enough in a month to attend its amusement park . Mitchell also points to nationwide social disparities yielded by Mubarak 's neoliberal project focus , explaining that from 1990 to 1995 , public industrial sector wages dropped eight percent , and that by 1999 soup kitchens had reappeared and school teachers were making less than $ 2 a day . Today Egypt continues to suffer from a wide range of economic and social issues . Many of them , like unemployment , and problems with sewage and running water , are more or less as they were when Sadat came to office in 1970 . Others , such as public education , insufficient electricity , cases of Hepatitis C and poor hospital care have only worsened . Recently , President Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi stated that the world 's poorest education system needed 30,000 new "  quality teachers " -- but added that it was n't possible now as it would cost LE 18 billion  $ 2.5 billion  . But could n't the government tone down its megaprojects and allocate some of its funds to social programs like this one ? A smaller expansion of the Suez Canal and following up on Sisi 's "  expensive " suggestions to reform the education system would reduce illiteracy rates and improve performance in the labor market while also having a positive effect on the general health of the population . It would also strengthen the social contract by showing that the government is taking action that will directly affect the livelihood of more than just a few . If Egypt 's current economic situation was n't an aberration -- if this was the first time the government was faced with laundry list of economic problems -- then the focus on a project like the Suez expansion would be understandable . However , as the lights in Egypt continue to flicker , it seems like the country needs something more than another fix-all megaproject to heal its same economic ails .	Egypt continues to suffer from a wide range of economic and social issues , writes Amr Kotb Former President Hosni Mubarak 's fix-all neoliberal projects benefit a few , he says He asks : Could n't the government allocate funding to social programs ? Kotb : It would show that the government is directly affecting the livelihood of more than a few
Washington  CNN  -- Pain from forced spending cuts is a week away and lawmakers are preparing their aides for the fallout that could hit them like other government workers . "  We 've actually budgeted with a 10 % cut in mind , " Rep. Cheri Bustos , D-Illinois , said last week . Rep. Dennis Ross , R-Florida , reorganized his office in December . "  We had to let people go then because we were anticipating at least a 16 % cut , " he said . Pentagon : Furloughs for civilian workers if forced cuts go into effect But members of Congress , the very people who voted to put the automatic spending cuts in place , wo n't see any change to their annual salary of $ 174,000 . Why ? Because Congress can change its pay only by passing a law to do so . Before Congress left town for a week 's recess , CNN took an informal survey and asked lawmakers whether they were willing to take a pay cut if the so-called sequester was set in motion on March 1 . Most lawmakers in both parties said yes . "  Well , certainly . I mean , we 're all in this together . We 're all suffering together , " said Mark Meadows , R-North Carolina . "  Absolutely . Let 's make sure that we 're doing our part as well , " said Rep. Ben Lujan , D-New Mexico . "  Oh , sure . Yeah , I mean , that 's called leadership , " responded Rep. Steve Southerland , R-Florida . But cutting lawmaker pay is n't so easy . The 27th Amendment prohibits members of Congress from changing their compensation until after the next election . Still , they can get creative by writing checks to charity or the U.S. Treasury . Ironically , some tea party-backed lawmakers who campaigned on slashing federal spending are reluctant to give up their pay . Poll : Deficit is essential issue for Congress to tackle Rep. Billy Long , R-Missouri , was elected in 2010 to cut Washington spending . "  Do you think members of Congress should take a pay cut ? " CNN asked . "  I do n't think so , " he responded . "  I mean , I do n't think we should raise our pay . " But what about the fact that congressional aides may be furloughed ? "  It 's such a miniscule part , " Long said . Former presidential candidate Michele Bachmann answered the question about whether she personally would take a pay cut -- asked several times -- by talking only about her staff . "  We 'd like to keep everybody on the payroll if we can , but they 'll have to work fewer hours . So , we 're looking at reductions in our staff , and that 's what we need to do , " said the Minnesota Republican . CNNMoney : Biggest problems with forced budget cuts Two members of Congress returned part of their office budgets to the Treasury this week . Standing in front of an oversized check for $ 600,000 -- or 20 % of his budget -- Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , said his office treated funds "  like it 's our money , or your money , and we look at every expenditure . " Rand Paul returns more money to Treasury Rep. Mick Mulvaney , R-South Carolina , said he would return $ 160,000 to the federal government , or 12 % of his office budget . One of the biggest opponents of Congress cutting its pay is one of the wealthiest , Nancy Pelosi . The House Democratic leader says she knows other members of Congress are not as financially fortunate . "  Most of my colleagues are the breadwinners in their families , said Pelosi . "  A pay cut , to me , does n't mean as much . " CNNMoney : Federal worker furloughs could start in April	Members of Congress also preparing for potential sharp cuts in federal spending But lawmakers will not see any change to their annual salary of $ 174,000 Some staff let go , office budgets reduced with sequester looming
RollingStone.com  -- Over time , all cartoon characters evolve their look . But for "  The Simpsons , " now entering its 26th season , the difference between how Homer Simpson and family first appeared  and sounded  when they debuted on "  The Tracey Ullman Show " is staggering . Compared to the present-day "  Simpsons " clan , the Ullman Simpsons are crudely drawn , paler , misshapen , and vocally forgettable . As part of "  The Simpsons ' " annual "  Treehouse of Horror " Halloween special this year , today 's Simpsons will meet the Ullman Simpsons ... and then massacre each other . ` Simpsons ' likely killing off Krusty the Clown "  We 've implied that they were murdered and buried under the house , so this is expanding that thought , " producer Al Jean told Entertainment Weekly about the Ullman Simpsons . "  If people want a real Halloween bloodbath , they get it . " The old school Simpsons had made tongue-in-cheek cameos on the show throughout the years , but this is the first time the two versions of the same family will interact at length . ` The Simpsons ' marathon shattered FXX ratings The Halloween episode will also sport the characters ' original voices . According to Jean , the voice actors had to remember how their characters originally sounded during the Ullman years and resurrect that , sometimes in conversation with their present-day counterparts . "  It was really funny to get the interplay -LSB- between the two versions of the Simpsons -RSB- and for the actors to see the voice evolution , " Jean said . "  The great thing is we did n't have to ask â $ " we already had the cast hired for the ` Tracey Ullman ' Simpsons . " The Ullman Simpsons are n't the only unlikely family the Simpsons will meet this season : As previously reported , this season will feature a "  Simpsons " / "  Family Guy " mash-up . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	"  The Simpsons " will meet their "  Tracey Ullman " counterparts The crossover will happen in this year 's "  Treehouse of Horror " episode The episode will also feature the characters ' original voices
CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai said Thursday he welcomed plans by Britain to withdraw almost 4,000 troops from Afghanistan by the end of next year . Afghan security forces are ready to ensure security and protect their country , Karzai said , according to a statement from his office . British Prime Minister David Cameron said Wednesday that UK troop numbers would reduce to about 5,200 by the end of 2013 . UK Defence Secretary Philip Hammond said the accelerated withdrawal was thanks to "  real progress " on the ground in the southern province of Helmand . "  This is a direct result of the success of the Afghan National Security Forces in assuming a lead role in delivering security for the Afghan people , " he said . "  There remain huge challenges ahead for the Afghan people . Our combat mission is drawing to a close , but our commitment to the Afghan people is long term . " Karzai said the UK announcement was "  a timely decision for the security responsibilities to be transferred to Afghan forces . " There will be about 9,000 British military personnel in Afghanistan by the end of this year . Britain 's announcement comes only days after the last French combat units left Afghanistan . About 1,500 French troops will remain in Afghanistan into 2013 to remove equipment and help train Afghan forces . Britain is the second-largest contributor of troops to the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force , with the majority of its personnel operating in Helmand . The United States , whose troops make up the bulk of the force , still has some 68,000 personnel in Afghanistan . Coalition forces are working to get Afghan security forces ready to take charge of security after the NATO mission in Afghanistan concludes at the end of 2014 . Read more : Landmine kills 10 girls collecting firewood	President Hamid Karzai says Afghan forces are ready to protect their country He welcomes a decision by Britain to pull out nearly 4,000 troops next year David Cameron said UK troop numbers would fall to about 5,200 by the end of 2013 U.S. troops make up the bulk of NATO-led forces in Afghanistan
CNN  -- Sens. John McCain and Barack Obama hammered away at each other 's judgment on the economy , domestic policy and foreign affairs as they faced off in their second presidential debate . Obama tried to tie McCain to President Bush 's "  failed " policies , while McCain pushed his image as a "  consistent reformer " at the debate , which took place at Belmont University in Nashville , Tennessee . The debate was set up as a town hall meeting , and the audience was made up of undecided voters . Obama and McCain fielded questions from the crowd , Internet participants and moderator Tom Brokaw of NBC News . The candidates spoke directly to each other at times , but at other times they spoke as if their opponent were not on the same stage , a few feet away . Debate report card In comparison to the first debate , Tuesday 's event -- which came on the heels of several days of increasingly aggressive attacks from both sides -- took on a more contentious tone . On foreign policy , McCain charged that Obama "  does not understand " the country 's national security challenges . McCain said he knows how to handle foreign affairs and questioned Obama 's ability to do so . Analysts weigh in on the debate " "  Sen. Obama was wrong about Iraq and the surge . He was wrong about Russia when they committed aggression against Georgia . And in his short career , he does not understand our national security challenges , " McCain said . "  We do n't have time for on-the-job training , my friends . " McCain said the "  challenge " facing a president considering using military force "  is to know when to go in and when not . " "  My judgment is something that I think I have a record to stand on , " McCain said . Video highlights of key moments " Obama shot back and questioned McCain 's judgment in supporting the invasion of Iraq . "  When Sen. McCain was cheerleading the president to go into Iraq , he suggested it was going to be quick and easy , we 'd be greeted as liberators , " he said . "  That was the wrong judgment , and it 's been costly to us . " The candidates spent about 30 minutes of the debate focusing on foreign affairs . They spoke about the economy for about 45 minutes and spent 15 minutes discussing domestic issues . See scenes from the debate " A national poll of debate watchers suggested that Obama won the presidential debate . Post-debate poll Fifty-four percent of those questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released 30 minutes after the end of the debate said that Obama did the best job , while 30 percent said McCain performed better . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted by telephone with 675 adult Americans who watched the debate . All interviews were taken after the end of the debate . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 4 percentage points . iReport.com : Tell us who you think won round two At the start of the debate , Obama said the country is in the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression . He blamed President Bush and McCain for the crisis , saying they had worked to "  strip away regulation . " Bush : The elephant in the room McCain said the system in Washington "  cries out for bipartisanship " and pushed his record as a reformer . He proposed having the government buy up and renegotiate bad home loans to stabilize the property market . He admitted the plan would be expensive but said it was necessary . Watch McCain talk about his plan for the economy " The Arizona senator also hammered away at his rival 's tax policies , saying that "  nailing down Sen. Obama 's various tax proposals is like nailing Jell-O to the wall . " Watch McCain slam Obama 's tax plan " McCain charged that "  Obama 's secret that you do n't know " is that he would increase taxes on small business revenue , which he said would lead to job cuts . Fact check : Did Obama vote 94 times for higher taxes Obama shot back , saying "  the Straight Talk Express lost a wheel on that one . " "  Let 's be clear about my tax plan and Sen. McCain 's , " he said . "  I want to provide a tax cut for 95 percent of Americans . " Watch Obama talk about his plan for the middle class " The candidates talked about their plans to revamp the health care system . Obama said the country has a "  moral commitment as well as an economic imperative " to address the health care problem . The Illinois senator said health care is a "  crushing burden " for small businesses and is "  breaking family budgets . " Obama said health care was a "  right , " while McCain said it was a "  responsibility . " Watch the candidates debate health care " Obama and McCain both proposed computerizing medical records to reduce costs and limit errors . Obama 's health care plan includes the creation of a national health insurance program for individuals who do not have employer-provided health care and who do not qualify for other existing federal programs . His plan does not mandate individual coverage for all Americans , but requires coverage for all children . McCain opposes federally mandated universal coverage . He believes competition will improve the quality of health insurance . McCain says he would reform the tax code to offer choices beyond employee-based health insurance coverage . McCain argued that Obama 's plan included fines for small businesses that did not insure their employees , while his was based on "  choice " rather than "  mandates . " Immediately after the debate , Obama 's campaign highlighted a moment when McCain sought to criticize Obama for supporting the 2007 Bush-Cheney energy bill : "  It was an energy bill on the floor of the Senate , loaded down with goodies , billions for the oil companies , and it was sponsored by Bush and Cheney , " McCain said . "  You know who voted for it ? You might never know . That one . You know who voted against it ? Me . " Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton immediately e-mailed reporters noting McCain 's seemingly peculiar reference to the Illinois senator . "  Did John McCain just refer to Obama as ` that one ? ' " Burton asked . Obama campaign highlights ` that one ' McCain and Obama will face off for a third and final time next Wednesday at Hofstra University in Hempstead , New York .	Barack Obama , John McCain spend half of debate discussing economy McCain pushes reformer image ; Obama ties McCain to Bush Obama , McCain question each other 's judgment Debate set up like a town hall , with audience of uncommitted voters
CNN  -- Kim Clijsters enjoyed a tennis career that would be the envy of most women on the WTA Tour , but it is not a path she would like for her four-year-old daughter . The Belgian has topped the world rankings , celebrated four grand slam triumphs and earned over $ 24 million in prize money before calling time on her glittering career at this year 's U.S. Open , but she hopes daughter Jada can find a profession away from the court . "  I 'm not the kind of person where I want her to be like me and want her to have a career like me , " the 29-year-old told CNN 's Open Court in her homeland , where she was staging an event to thank her compatriots for their support over the last 15 years . "  She plays a bit , she 's at the club that I own with a friend every Wednesday , she goes there just for the social side of things . There 's so many kids she plays with -- when the tennis is over they go to the playground or the cafeteria . "  It 's just fun to see her have a social life and be among friends while playing sports . Whether it 's swimming , track and field or tennis , I 'll support her whatever she wants to do . "  But I 'm not going to be the mother that 's like , ` We 're going to play tennis , we 're going to practice this and this shot ' -- I 'm not like that at all . " Clijsters ' "  Thank You Games " in Antwerp , an exhibition tournament also featuring fellow former world No. 1s Amelie Mauresmo and Venus Williams , were a way for her to thank the Belgian public for 15 years of goodwill . "  It was a way for me to give back for all the support I got from the people here , " she said . "  The last 15 years I 've had so many letters and presents and people who travel all over the world to watch me play , so I needed to say goodbye to the people here in Belgium . " She chose Williams and Mauresmo because they were two of her best friends on tour . "  Venus , what she 's done for women 's tennis has been incredible . I 've always admired her for who she is as a person , " Clijsters said . "  Amelie as well , besides the fact she was a great player I appreciate the person she was on tour for her whole career -- she stayed normal . There was no difference seeing Amelie the next day if you beat her or lost to her . That 's something I really appreciated . "  She was one of the people I got closer to -- I reached out to her when her dad passed away and she reached out to me when my dad passed away . " The Bilzen native initially retired in 2007 , taking two years out of the sport to have her child before returning in 2009 . She won that year 's U.S. Open as a wildcard , becoming the first mother to clinch a major championship since Australia 's Evonne Goolagong in 1980 . "  I enjoyed spending time with my husband and our daughter on the road , seeing her at my last U.S. Open -- she was in the stands and she watched and she would clap . I would hear her yell and I really enjoyed it , " Clijsters said . That win has become famous for the on-court celebration between mother and daughter , and Clijsters ranks the victory as the most emotional of her career -- coming less than a year after the death of her father . "  One of my biggest highlights is the U.S. Open victory when I came back , " she explained . "  Nine months before my dad passed away and the surprise to have won ... it was like an emotional rollercoaster . " She went to New York this year determined to savor the occasion , playing in the singles , doubles and mixed doubles competitions while also watching as a fan as Andy Roddick ended his career during the grand slam event . "  I felt so excited about it , like a 14-year-old again playing my first tour event and going to Disneyland for the first time , " Clijsters said . "  I was so excited knowing it could be one of my last matches but at the same time I was taking it all in . I told myself leading up to the Open that you 're gon na step back once in a while and look at the situation from another kind of angle . "  Now that I think back , those 15 years have flown by . It 's sad in a way that you do n't think about it when you 're 16 or 17 -- which in a way is normal , but in the last year I was on tour I learned more than in the last 15 in total . " That 2009 triumph was one of three she achieved at Flushing Meadows , while she also won the 2011 Australian Open . Her exploits raised the profile of tennis in Belgium , and her rivalry with Justine Henin was keenly fought , with Clijsters winning 13 of their 25 meetings -- although Henin won all three of their grand slam final matches . Henin retired from the sport in 2011 , also for the second time , and this year announced she is expecting her first child -- due to be born next March . Clijsters said that only since retiring has she been able to see what their achievements meant to Belgian tennis fans . "  Now that I 'm older I 'm able to realize what we did for our country , especially in the last few months since I retired , I 've been in situations where people have come up to me and thanked me , " she said . "  When world leaders and politicians I 've met say what you 've done for Belgium , that 's when it really hits you . " She was also touched that the Belgian media made a special presentation to her after that final match in September -- a second-round defeat to one of the women 's game 's rising stars , British 18-year-old Laura Robson . "  It 's such a small country , we 're very approachable . We do n't have paparazzi , so we 're among the people , " Clijsters said . "  They said I have to come in for another interview and I thought ` Oh no , not another one . ' They were all standing there ... it really got to me . The thought they put into it was very nice . " One lingering regret is that she never reached the final at Wimbledon , losing in the semis in 2006 and the quarters in 2010 . "  The match that hurt me the most was that loss to Vera Zvonareva  in 2010  . At the time it took me a few weeks to get myself together and focus on what was next , " said Clijsters , who bounced back to win the U.S. Open for the third time later that year , beating the Russian in the final . One of Clijsters ' trademarks was her athletic stretches across the court , flexibility which could perhaps be explained by the fact her mother was a gymnast . Clijsters , whose father was a professional footballer , enjoys the attention her quirky trademark brings . "  It does make me laugh , " she said . "  I have people send me pictures of splits they do to show me they can do it , so it is funny . "  I think it started because I practiced on clay all of the time in Belgium and then I just tried it one time on hard court and won the point and slowly started to feel more comfortable with it . Now more players do it , so it 's not only me anymore . " So is there any chance of a third comeback ? Clijsters takes her time , then shakes her head . "  No , I 'm done ! "	Kim Clijsters would prefer her daughter not to play professional tennis The four-time grand slam winner ended her career after this year 's U.S. Open The Belgian reached the top of the world rankings and earned over $ 24 million Clijsters ' mother was a gymnast and her father was a professional footballer
ALPHARETTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Soft music filled the room as waiters served white wine and hors d'oeuvres . Two dozen well-dressed women chatted in small groups . Mary Johnson , 56 , who lost most of her lashes during chemotherapy , was excited to give Latisse a try . But , this was no ordinary cocktail party . The setting was the lobby of the OH2 Medical Spa in Alpharetta , Georgia . The women were on hand to take part in a new beauty treatment hitting the United States : the promise of better looking eyelashes through a prescription drug called Latisse . "  It 's the latest , the greatest , " exclaimed the party hostess , Christine Glavine , wife of Major League Baseball pitcher Tom Glavine . She invited a group of friends to meet with local plastic surgeon Dr. Randy Rudderman to get a dose of the new FDA-approved medication . Glavine did n't have to do much convincing . Tammie Wilson , 43 , of Roswell , Georgia , said she was motivated to try the product because "  I want to be able to look like I have on makeup when I do n't . " Watch more on the marketing of Latisse " "  I have blond hair and blond lashes . I have to put on three coats of mascara , " complained her friend Jennifer Altmeyer , also 43 and from Roswell . Altmeyer , who is hoping to be able to skip mascara altogether , was the first to line up at Rudderman 's exam room . The drug is available only through a doctor ; it is approved to treat hair loss on the lash line . The product maker , Allergan , says Latisse will thicken , darken and lengthen inadequate or skimpy eyelashes in as little as eight weeks . But , here 's the catch : Doctors report it takes up to 16 weeks to see maximum eyelash growth . If you discontinue Latisse , your lashes will go back to their original state in a few months . Visit CNNhealth.com , your connection for better living Oh , and by the way , the drug is n't cheap . It costs about $ 120 for a 30-day supply . Latisse was discovered almost by accident , Rudderman said . The product contains a compound that is also found in medication that decreases eye pressure in glaucoma patients . "  A significant number of those patients started having a side effect of increased growth of eyelashes , " said Rudderman . Women like Altmeyer are clamoring to give Latisse a try . Rudderman 's assistant first removed Altmeyer 's eye makeup and then applied a drop of Latisse to a small applicator . The wand was then swiped across her top lashes . Rudderman advised Altmeyer to apply the drug once a day before she goes to bed and not to apply Latisse to lower lashes because they come in contact with the medicine on the top lashes during blinks . Rudderman said Latisse comes with several warnings : It is approved only for those over 18 and is not recommended for pregnant women , people with pre-existing eye conditions or those with allergies to the ingredients . Rudderman said some of the most common side effects are itchy and red eyes and hyper-pigmentation , or darkening along the eyelash base . Dr. Pradeep Sinha , a plastic surgeon in Atlanta , Georgia , started working with the glaucoma version of the medication two years ago on an off-label -- or trial -- basis , before it was approved specifically for eyelash thickening . While he said his patients were happy with the results , Sinha noted another unpleasant side effect if the user is not careful while wielding the applicator . "  One patient was messy and grew small , fuzzy hair on her eyelid , " Sinha said . He instructed the woman to stop using the product , and the unwanted hair eventually fell out . Some women , like Mary Johnson , a 56-year-old breast cancer survivor , are willing to take their chances . After undergoing chemotherapy last year she lost a lot of eyelashes . "  That was really devastating for me , " she said . She said she could put a wig on her head , but for the rest of her face she had to "  fake it " by drawing in a lash line and eyebrows with cosmetics . Johnson tried some over-the-counter lash products , but she said none of them worked . She was smiling as she received her first dose of Latisse from Rudderman . "  Until you have lost your eyelashes , you do n't really realize how hard it is to put eye makeup on , " she said . "  When you lose your eyelashes you just do n't look the same . "	Newly FDA-approved Latisse promises to thicken , darken and lengthen lashes Latisse contains compound also found in glaucoma medicine Patients using that medicine had increased eyelash growth Drawbacks include dry and red eyes , darkening around lash line and high price
CNN  -- Fidel Castro will continue to have a hand in shaping Cuba 's future , but his brother and successor will remain in firm control of the government , Castro 's daughter said Monday . Alina Fernandez , daughter of Fidel Castro , has long opposed her father 's regime . "  He is still behind the scenes , but Raúl is making the decisions , " Alina Fernandez told CNN . "  No doubt about it . " Fidel Castro 's nearly five decades of rule ended Sunday when Cuba 's National Assembly chose his younger brother to be the Communist nation 's new president . Raúl Castro , 76 , assumed temporary control of Cuba more than a year ago after his brother suffered health problems . The lawmakers ' selection , which had been widely expected , came five days after Fidel Castro , 81 , announced his resignation in a letter published in Cuba 's state-run newspaper , Granma . In his address to the National Assembly , Raúl Castro proposed that "  we consult Fidel " on important decisions , which the 614 members of the legislative body unanimously passed . Watch CNN 's Morgan Neill on what the transfer of power means " Fernandez , who lives in Florida and has long opposed her father 's regime , said her uncle may bring some changes for Cuban business people and foreign relations for the the island . "  I think he will encourage some foreign investment , " Fernandez said . "  Small businesses also will be allowed . He wants more commerce with America , and that is what he will get . " Raúl Castro was leader of the Cuban army for almost 50 years . As Cuba 's acting president , he has kept a low profile . About six months ago , he began what he called a national debate on the problems of the country , acknowledging high unemployment and other economic concerns . However , he has said that only the Communist Party can guarantee continuity . In his address Sunday to the National Assembly , he called the party "  the guarantee of the Cuban nation . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Shasta Darlington contributed to this report .	Raúl Castro will seek more commerce with U.S. , Fidel Castro 's daughter says Fidel Castro still involved in Cuba 's future , his daughter says Younger Castro brother chosen Sunday to be Cuba 's new president
CNN  -- Spread across a 600-kilometer stretch of South Africa 's east coast , the former Zulu Kingdom boasts one of sub-Saharan Africa 's most eclectic blends of wildlife , history and culture . Largely contained today within the province of KwaZulu-Natal , the Kingdom 's historical borders offer the adventure-minded traveler everything from traditional Zulu ceremonies to spectacular safaris , and a remarkably diverse array of scenic beauty . Here is CNN 's guide to exploring this unique region . Durban Most international travelers will find it easiest to start their journey from Durban , the large port city famed for its warm winters , hot summers and golden beaches . From there , take the 30-minute drive from the city center to the Valley of a Thousand Hills -- a Zulu province that takes its name from the myriad of headlands that tumble down the mighty Umgeni River , flowing out to the Indian Ocean . Those with a stomach for heights and a well-toned set of calf muscles should head straight up the 960-meter mountain "  emKhambathini " or "  Place of the Giraffe Acacia Trees " -- named after the umbrella-shaped tree that flourishes throughout the region . "  The views from here embody the spirit of the Zulu Nation " says Ngokozo Mdluli , a local travel guide who specializes in Zulu culture . "  You 'll see old colonial outposts sitting across from traditional tribal settlements , all set against an incredible variety of plant life . " See also : All-American opera singer finds South African soul South Coast Travel next to the South Coast . Situated just south of Durban and extending 150 kilometers from the Umkomaas River to Port Edward , it 's also known as "  Paradise of the Zulu Kingdom . " If you happen to be here between May through to July , there 's no excuse to miss the "  Sardine Run " -- when the biggest shoal on Earth congregates around the South African coastline , prompting an annual feeding frenzy of mammoth proportions . In terms of sheer biomass , researchers estimate the sardine run could rival East Africa 's great wildebeest migration , with dolphins , sharks and diving sea birds arriving in pursuit of billions of silvery pilchards . Tourists can view this aquatic spectacle from either land , sea or air . Those who ca n't get enough sea life will do well to explore the Aliwal Shoal , a world-famous shark-diving spot and , just to its south , the Protea Banks , an underwater museum of shipwrecks and reefs . Zululand Located in the subtropical northern district of KwaZulu-Natal , Zululand -- as its name suggests -- is the beating heart of the Zulu Kingdom . "  We are a very friendly people " says Mdluli , who himself was raised in a traditional Zulu village . "  Do n't be surprised if on your journey you get invited to share some locally brewed beer with the village elders and you can experience them communicating with the ancestors . If you 're lucky you 'll be allowed to watch the traditional dance ceremonies . " Mdluli recommends arriving in September to see the biggest cultural event in the Zulu calendar -- the "  Umhlanga , " or Reed Dance ceremony . Over the course of eight days , tens of thousands of Zulu maidens arrive from their villages bearing a long reed and proceed amidst singing and dancing to the palace of the Zulu King in the royal town of Nongoma . See more : Fusion Journeys If you 've missed the ceremony , you can still catch the four-day monthly Mona cattle and craft show here , where everything from cattle to magnificent examples of beadwork and traditional medicine are bought and sold within meters of each other . Zululand is also home to some of the Kingdom 's most diverse and enchanting forests . Among them , the Dlinza forest is an ornithologist 's goldmine -- teeming with over 600 exotic bird species . The adjacent Ongoye forest boasts an abundance of rare and endemic tree and plant species . Battlefields For almost the entire 19th century , the Zulus , Britons and Boers were engaged in a bloody battle for possession of land and sovereignty across Kwazulu-Natal . Many of the most gruesome encounters were concentrated around an immense battleground that stretches from the Drakensberg Mountains , north to Volksrust and east to Zululand , covering plains of astonishing natural beauty that offer more than just famous battle sites . The rough-hewn elegance of the landscape is dotted with poignant reminders of the region 's violent history . Among them are haunting memorials on the field of Isandlwana , where the Zulu army killed over 1,000 British soldiers , gravestones at Fort Pearson and the towering monument at Spioenkop , one of the most violent battles of the Anglo-Boer War . To uncover this troubled history , visit the site of the Battle of Blood River -- where causalities were so numerous between the warring Zulus and Dutch Vootrekkers that the river allegedly turned red with blood . Today there are two illuminating museums -- the Ncome and Blood River Museum offering different historical interpretations from each of the opposing sides . The Elephant Coast Conclude your journey on the animal frontier that is the Elephant Coast . The area includes Africa 's oldest game reserve , the Hluhluwe-Umfolozi - - one of the few reserves where you can see African elephants , black rhinos , Cape buffalo , lions and leopards  the "  Big Five "  all in one place . Further east , and just below the border with Mozambique , lies the Greater iSimangaliso Wetland Park . In 1999 , the park was given World Heritage status due to its exquisite biodiversity , delicate ecosystems and abundance of natural beauty . Here you 'll encounter some of the world 's highest sand dunes , meticulous coral reefs , turtle-breeding grounds and mangrove swamps -- the perfect place to get lost in as your journey to the edge of the Zulu Kingdom draws to an end .	South Africa 's former Zulu Kingdom offers history , culture , wildlife The South Coast offers divers the chance to interact with spectacular marine life Visitors can take in safaris , Zulu ceremonies and untamed landscapes
CNN  -- A court in southwestern China has given heavy sentences to two ethnic Tibetans convicted of murder for "  inciting " people to set themselves of fire , state media reported Thursday . Self-immolation has become a dramatic and harrowing form of protest in recent years for ethnic Tibetans unhappy with Chinese rule . Opinion : Tibetans reject Chinese rule with one voice Beijing has taken a tough line on the protesters and their associates , accusing the Dalai Lama , the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader , of fomenting unrest inside Chinese borders . The court in Sichuan province on Thursday sentenced Lorang Konchok , a 40-year-old monk , to death with a two-year reprieve and stripped him of his political rights for life , the state-run news agency Xinhua reported . It sentenced his nephew , Lorang Tsering , 31 , to 10 years in prison , stripping him of his political rights for three years , the agency said . The court -- in the prefecture of Aba , a Tibetan autonomous area in Sichuan -- convicted the two men of encouraging eight people to self-immolate , three of whom died as a result , Xinhua reported . How many more Tibetans will sacrifice themselves ? The other five people did n't go through with the act , either because they chose to abandon the plan or because police intervened , the court found , according to Xinhua . Accusations against the Dalai Lama Speaking at a regular news briefing in Beijing , Hong Lei , a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry said Chinese authorities hoped that with the verdict Thursday , "  the international community will be able to clearly see the evil , malicious methods of the Dalai clique in the self-immolations and condemn their crimes . " By December 2012 , 95 Tibetans had set themselves on fire , with 28 self-immolations in November alone when China 's political elite ushered in its next generation of leaders during its Communist Party Congress . At least 81 of the 95 self-immolators died , according to the International Tibet Network , a coalition of some 150 pro-Tibet groups . Independently verifying the reported self-immolations is difficult because of Chinese restrictions on reporting from the restive areas , and the reluctance of local officials to comment on the accounts provided by foreign-based Tibetan advocacy groups . Beijing rejects accusations of oppression , saying that under its rule , living standards have greatly improved for the Tibetan people . It makes centuries-old historical claims on the region . The Dalai Lama , who fled to India in 1959 after a failed uprising , has long denied China 's assertion that he 's seeking Tibetan independence . He says he wants only an autonomy that would offer protection for their traditional Buddhist culture .	The court says the two Tibetans encouraged others to self-immolate It sentences one of them to death , with a two-year reprieve China says the verdict shows the Dalai Lama 's role in the Tibetan unrest The Dalai Lama has long denied assertions he 's seeking Tibetan independence
CNN  -- Teenager Patrick Cantlay has brushed aside talk about turning professional after becoming the first amateur golfer to card 60 on the PGA Tour . The 19-year-old claimed the halfway lead at the Travelers Championship with his 10-under-par effort , which put him one shot clear of fellow American Johnson Wagner in Cromwell , Connecticut in the race for the $ 1.08 million first prize . Freshman Cantlay , who was the best-placed amateur at this month 's U.S. Open as he tied for 21st , said he wanted to complete his degree at the University of California in Los Angeles before deciding whether to join the paid ranks . "  I 'm not thinking about it right now . I 'm going to try and take care of business this week and then see what 's going on , " the player from Long Beach , California told the PGA Tour website . Cantlay took advantage of soft greens at TPC River Highlands to beat the course record by one shot , having earlier completed a first-round 67 . He is seeking to become the first amateur to win a PGA Tour event since Phil Mickelson in 1991 . If successful , he will then have two months to decide whether to accept a tour place and a two-year exemption from qualifying . Cantlay , who turned 19 in March , would also be the youngest player to win on the circuit since 1900 -- shaving seven months off the effort of Johnny McDermott at the 1911 U.S. Open . "  I tried to have no expectations , just so I did n't limit myself , " he said after becoming just the 24th player to score 60 in PGA Tour history . He shares a coach with veteran Paul Goydos , who is one of just five players to card 59 on the American tour . "  I feel bad for the kids in college , " Goydos , who missed the cut after a second-round 68 left him tied for 110th , told the PGA website . "  He said he 's going to stay four years ? In four years I 'll be 51 . That sounds like a good deal for me . I think he should get his graduate degree . " Cantlay had set a clubhouse lead of four shots when he finished his second round on Friday , but that was trimmed to one when Wagner completed a 63 on Saturday . Fellow American Shane Bertsch matched that score to be on 10-under 130 , three shots off the lead , along with Nick Watney  65  . Meanwhile , English golfer Mark Foster took a two-shot lead into the final round of the European Tour 's BMW Open in Germany . The 35-year-old , ranked 267th in the world , carded a six-under 66 in his third round on Saturday to be on 14-over 202 ahead of Sunday 's finale in Munich . Seeking his first title in eight years , Foster will be chased by a group of five players on 204 including joint halfway leader George Coetzee of South Africa , who bogeyed his last hole for a 70 . Spain 's Sergio Garcia was also in that group after a nine-birdie 64 , along with compatriot Pablo Larrazabal  69  , England 's Robert Coles  65  and South Africa 's two-time major winner Retief Goosen  67  . Italian teenager Matteo Manassero , the youngest player to win a European Tour event , was four shots off the pace in ninth place after a 66 .	Patrick Cantlay leads Travelers Championship after breaking course record The 19-year-old becomes first amateur golfer to card 60 on the PGA Tour He is seeking to become the youngest winner on the tour since 1900 Phil Mickelson was the last amateur player to win a PGA Tour title in 1991
Mashable  -- Sir Howard Stringer , CEO of Sony , accidentally told everyone in the world that his company will be supplying image sensors for Apple 's iPhone 5 . In an interview late Friday with the Wall Street Journal 's Walt Mossberg , the Sony chief was talking about earthquake damage to 15 of the Sony 's factories in Japan , and inadvertently mentioned that a camera sensor made in one of those plants is on its way to Apple , and that sensor would be delayed because of the quake and tsunami . Stringer did n't specifically say that Sony is building an 8-megapixel image sensor that will go into the iPhone 5 , but since Sony is currently not manufacturing any image sensors for Apple , this confirmed that Sony plans to supply components of the iPhone 5 . This points to the distinct possibility that in the iPhone 5 , Apple will no longer be using those OmniVision 5-megapixel image sensors currently inside the iPhone 4 . This is supported by an analyst 's report from February of this year saying that OmniVision might lose out on supplying cameras for the iPhone 5 because OmniVision 's 8-megapixel sensor wo n't be ready for the iPhone 5 's rumored mid-summer launch . Because Stringer was talking about the irony of supplying the company 's best camera to Apple , we can only surmise that he was talking about an 8-megapixel sensor . Here 's what The Wall Street Journal wrote about Stringer 's quote when reporting on its own event this morning : Early on , he raised the irony of Sony supplying camera components for Apple devices . It "  always puzzles me , " he said . "  Why would I make Apple the best camera ? " It is unclear what devices he was talking about as Sony is n't known to supply key camera components , known as image sensors , to Apple ; A Sony spokeswoman declined to comment and an Apple spokesperson could n't be reached for comment . Stringer 's inadvertent slip also lends credence to the rumors of a delayed release of the iPhone 5 . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Sony will be supplying image sensors for Apple 's iPhone 5 A camera sensor will be delayed because of the quake and tsunami in Japan Apple will no longer be using OmniVision 5-megapixel image sensors
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The substance that spurred an evacuation at a California airport Tuesday was simply honey , the Kern County Sheriff 's Department said . The security scare happened after Transportation Security Administration agents found what they believed to be a potentially hazardous substance inside a passenger 's luggage . "  None of the items inside the bag contained explosive or hazardous material , and the liquid inside the five bottles was identified as honey , " the sheriff 's department said in a statement . The Meadows Field Airport had been evacuated and shut down for several hours Tuesday morning after authorities found what they called a hazardous substance . The man whose bag was flagged , told authorities that he had honey packaged in five bottles , Deputy Michael Whorf , spokesman for the Kern County Sheriff 's Department told CNN . The 31-year-old man cooperated with authorities and was released with no charges against him , Whorf said . The trouble started when two TSA agents were doing a routine swab of the man 's bag , which tested positive for a hazardous substance , Whorf said . The agents who discovered the substance opened the bag and both became nauseated , Whorf said . They were transported to the hospital and later released . The preliminary tests using the swabs indicated the presence of the explosives TNT and triacetone triperoxide , known as TATP , Whorf said . The man told authorities that he was on a flight from Bakersfield , California , where he had visited relatives , back to his home in Milwaukee , and was carrying the bottles of honey back with him . Flights in and out of Meadow Fields resumed Tuesday afternoon . CNN 's Sara Pratley contributed to this report .	NEW : Normal operations resume at Meadows Field Airport in Bakersfield , California Official says substance that triggered incident is honey Two TSA agents became nauseated after finding the substance The agents were taken to a hospital ; owner of the bag is cooperating with authorities
CNN  -- Tropical Storm Cristobal formed early Sunday in the Caribbean , having strengthened from a tropical depression , the National Hurricane Center said . It has maximum sustained winds of 45 mph . The hurricane center issued tropical storm warnings on Sunday for the southeastern and central Bahamas as well as for the Turks and Caicos Islands . Cristobal is moving to the northwest but is expected to turn to the northeast in the coming days and miss the U.S. coastline .	It has maximum sustained winds of 45 mph Tropical storm warnings have been issued in parts of the Bahamas NWS forecast puts the storm east of the United States early next week
CNN  -- Ivory Coast coach Sven-Goran Eriksson is set to play his injured captain Didier Drogba from the start of their crucial World Cup Group G clash against Brazil on Sunday . Drogba fractured his arm during a pre-World Cup warm-up match against Japan but still managed 25 minutes during Ivory Coast 's 0-0 draw against Portugal in their opener on Tuesday . The Chelsea star wore a cast to protect his injury and came close to making the breakthrough after coming off the bench . Former England boss Eriksson was clearly satisfied with what he saw and his performances in training . "  It would n't be surprising if Drogba plays from the start against Brazil . He came on for 25 minutes against Portugal and it went well , " Eriksson told AFP . Brazil opened their campaign with a 2-1 win over North Korea but face stiffer tests against the Ivorians and Portugal in the so-called "  Group of Death . " Drogba 's goals powered Chelsea to the English league and FA Cup double and is clearly vital to the Ivory Coast cause despite still recovering from the surgery to his arm on June 5 . Portugal coach Carlos Queiroz was unhappy that Drogba had been allowed to play , suggesting he was receiving special treatment for world governing body FIFA . Meanwhile , Fabio Capello , coach of Eriksson 's former charges , said he would not change his policy of not revealing his team to his squad until two hours before kick off . "  Always  on  the day of the game , not the day before , " he replied to reporters who wanted to know if he was standing by goalkeeper Robert Green , whose astonishing blunder gifted the USA their equaliser in their Group C opener . Capello would also not be drawn on rumors that striker Emile Heskey would be replaced for Friday 's crucial game against Algeria in Cape Town .	Sven-Goran Eriksson says he could start with Didier Drogba against Brazil Ivory Coast captain Drogba fractured his arm in a pre-World Cup friendly Drogba played 25 minutes of his side 's 0-0 opening draw against Portugal Fabio Capello will not say if he is to play goalkeeper Robert Green against Algeria
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Hundreds of energy workers across the UK have taken strike action Friday in protest over the use of foreign workers on a multimillion-dollar oil refinery project on the northeast coast of England . Protesters gather outside the Total Lindsey oil refinery in north-east England on January 30 . The dispute surrounds the decision by oil giant Total to award Italian company IREM a contract to build a new hydro desulphurization facility at its Lindsey Oil Refinery in North Lincolnshire . The British Press Association reported that several hundred demonstrators had gathered for a third day outside the plant , following a walk-out by contractors on Wednesday , but the unofficial action has now spread to other parts of the UK , including Scotland and Wales . In Scotland , hundreds of workers at the giant Grangemouth oil refinery walked out following an early morning meeting Friday . According to PA , the mechanical contractors , who work for BP and INEOS , said they were supporting their colleagues in Lincolnshire . Elsewhere , PA reported that police were called to the Aberthaw power station near Barry in South Wales after workers staged a protest , while around 400 workers staged a demonstration at the Wilton oil refinery in Teesside , north-east England . In a statement released Friday , Total said : "  We recognize the concerns of contractors but we want to stress that there will be no direct redundancies as a result of this contract being awarded to IREM and that all IREM staff will be paid the same as the existing contractors working on the project . "  It is important to note that we have been a major local employer for 40 years with 550 permanent staff employed at the refinery . There are also between 200 and 1000 contractors working at the refinery , the vast majority of which work for UK companies employing local people . "  On this one specific occasion , IREM was selected , through a fair and competitive tender process , as the most appropriate company to complete this work . We will continue to put contracts out to tender in the future and we are confident we will award further contracts to UK companies . " But Bernard McAuley , a representative of Britain 's Unite union , was quoted by the BBC telling demonstrators in Lincolnshire that there was "  sufficient unemployed skilled labor wanting the right to work on that site and they are demanding the right to work on that site . " Five British companies and two European contractors bid for the work before it was awarded to the Italian firm on the basis that it was supplying its own permanent workforce , PA said . The news agency added that 100 Italian and Portuguese workers are currently on site , with a further 300 expected to arrive next month . The workers are being accommodated in large , gray housing barges moored at nearby Grimsby . Meanwhile , The Guardian newspaper reported Friday that British Prime Minister Gordon Brown was quizzed about the strikes during a news conference at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland . He said : "  I understand people 's worries about their jobs . I understand people 's anxieties about employment across the country . But we are doing everything we can both to get economic growth moving in our country and to help people who are unemployed , to help them into new jobs . "	Dispute over Total 's decision to award oil refinery contract to Italian company IREM will supply their own permanent workers from Italy and Portugal Striking workers at Lincolnshire site joined by energy workers across UK Total : There will be no direct redundancies as a result of this contract
Hong Kong  CNN  It was the most-watched TV show in the world -- and it was a sexist mess . That 's what Chinese activists are saying in a petition issued this week that calls for the cancellation of China 's annual Lunar New Year Gala , a state TV extravaganza viewed last Wednesday by 690 million people -- but filled with grating skits mocking women and other minority groups . One sketch depicted an overweight woman in her late-20s complaining about being unmarried . The punchline ? Her brothers bring out a tall , slim female "  goddess " to help their less attractive sister understand why she 's still single . "  I 've got big eyes , small mouth , a high nose , long legs ... I 'm pretty and a bunch of guys are chasing me that give me ` face ' , " chants the taller woman . "  I do n't have breasts and a bunch of guys are chasing me to do arm wrestling , " replies the shorter one . Then , in unison , the duo cheerfully exclaim their respective identities : "  Female goddess and manly woman ! " In another act , a father jokes about selling his daughter for 30 yuan  $ 4.80  . Another skit mocks a "  female cadre , " implying that she 's used sexual favors to advance her career . Other parts of the show rag on southern Chinese people as well as dwarfs . In a society where women still face significant challenges -- from discrimination against girls to extreme pressure on women to marry early -- many watchers found the performance nauseating . A widely-circulated petition called the show "  poisonous " and demanded it to be taken off air . "  In the name of ` harmony ' it erases the rights of people to live differently . It complacently slanders not just women ... but all people , as long as you are eager to think critically and make decisions out of your free will , " it said . The petition racked up thousands of signatures , many of them by self-described feminists , before it was removed from the Internet .  CNN was able to access a cached version . But some posts by feminists remained uncensored on Weibo , China 's public social media platform . "  Comparing ` manly women ' and ` goddesses , ' unmarried and unemployed women ... what qualifications do you have to discuss these topics ? " one highly-rated comment fumed at the show 's producers . "  Why do n't you discuss male losers ? The fact that these skits were shown on the Gala is truly a national humiliation . " The same writer added : "  We 're not proposing that women rule over everything . We just want awareness of how women are discriminated against everywhere , and we want change . " CNN 's Serena Dong contributed reporting .	Comedy skit in China 's Lunar New Year Gala TV show mocked overweight , unmarried women Feminists called for show 's cancellation in online petition , which was later removed from the Internet China 's Lunar New Year Gala was watched by 690 million people this year
CNN  -- For the past decade , Microsoft researcher Gordon Bell has been moving the data from his brain onto computers -- where he knows it will be safe . Gordon Bell wearing a SenseCam , which automatically records photos throughout the day . Sure , you could say all of us do this to some extent . We save digital pictures from family events and keep tons of e-mail . But Bell , who is 75 years old , takes the idea of digital memory to a sci-fi-esque extreme . He carries around video equipment , cameras and audio recorders to capture his conversations , commutes , trips and experiences . Microsoft is working on a SenseCam that would hang around a person 's neck and automatically capture every detail of life in photo form . Bell has given that a whirl . He also saves everything -- from restaurant receipts  he takes pictures of them  to correspondence , bills and medical records . He makes PDF files out of every Web page he views . In sum , this mountain of data -- more than 350 gigabytes worth , not including the streaming audio and video -- is a replica of Bell 's biological memory . It 's actually better , he says , because , if you back up your data in enough places , this digitized "  e-memory " never forgets . It 's like having a multimedia transcript of your life . By about 2020 , he says , our entire life histories will be online and searchable . Location-aware smartphones and inexpensive digital memory storage in the "  cloud " of the Internet make the transition possible and inevitable . No one will have to fret about storing the details of their lives in their heads anymore . We 'll have computers for that . And this revolution will "  change what it means to be human , " he writes . Bell , who , along with fellow researcher Jim Gemmell , is the author of a new book called "  Total Recall , " talked with CNN about the advantages and drawbacks of recording one 's life in painstaking digital detail . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : What have you learned about yourself through this process ? That 's been a really hard question to answer . ... The main driver of the recall turns out to be a -LSB- computer -RSB- screensaver or something where I go looking for -LSB- a digital memory -RSB- and I find something else . I guess it 's the rich set of connections and people that I 've been involved with . CNN : What do you use to record your memories ? In a way , most of what happens during the day is sort of routine -- what you 've done before . So I carry the SenseCam only when I think there 's an episode or a sequence or a certain set of events that I want to capture and have automatically photographed . But I tend to always carry a camera with me . I live next to a fire station and I 've got lots of photos of the hook and ladder coming out of the house . And I like food so I tend to photograph wonderfully presented food all the time . To me those are very pleasant memories . CNN : If we rely on computers instead of our brains , will humans become mentally sluggish ? That 's certainly one of the concerns . I tend to counter that theory . To me , I feel a lot freer . In a way I feel like I still remember all that stuff , but I generally remember that -LSB- the computer is -RSB- remembering something for me so I can find it . People have no memory of phone numbers now because of the cell phone -- their address book is in a cell phone . So I do n't think they 're getting any worse or any less facile about that . What an e-memory does , to me , is gives me a really wonderful free feeling . CNN : If we all record audio of our lives , do you think conversations will become stilted and fake ? I think there will be a lot of court cases and lawyering around all of that . I 'm personally less hung up about that . Certainly , people my age and Baby Boomers are . But the current X-Generation , -LSB- they think -RSB- this is pretty natural . CNN : Are you on Facebook and Twitter ? Yeah , I 'm on Facebook and Twitter and occasionally I will tweet something . Somehow my problem is that I do n't think I have anything interesting to tweet about . CNN : Should all of our memories and observations be public ? Absolutely not . Our own memories are our own private thing , and how much you choose to have on Facebook or blogs , that 's your thing . CNN : What does your family think about your effort to record everything ? Gradually , everybody is getting this idea . ... Think of it : You are a librarian for your life . Somebody has to be the family librarian . CNN : Are you worried about losing your memory ? ... Forgetting is not a feature , it 's a flaw . I do n't think forgetting is an important feature of human memory . I think it 's important to be able to remember things accurately . CNN : Are there any memories you deleted ? No . When we were scanning stuff I had written a memo about a company , an unpleasant company -- probably the only company I was ever ashamed to be a part of . ... I put a note on that file that said , "  Do n't ever scan or copy this ! " My assistant who was doing the scanning ran across this and said , "  What do you want me to do with this ? " And I said , "  Well , gee . This is my life . " I said , "  It 's OK , just go ahead . " So it 's all there . CNN : Do you think it 's possible for people to turn away from new technologies ? Or are advances like "  Total Recall " inevitable ? I think it 's inevitable because so much content is being created . Virtually everything is coming in digitally -- everything from your photos to your videos to your music . ... I will love that day when the world is just bits . It 's the ultimate in green , by the way .	Microsoft researcher Gordon Bell argues we will soon have searchable memories Bell details his ideas in a new co-authored book called "  Total Recall " Bell has been recording almost every detail of his life digitally for a decade
CNN  -- Las Vegas police said photos they released of a "  person of interest " sought in connection with a triple homicide show the wrong person . The photographs that police originally said depicted Tineesha Lashun Howard are instead of Tasha Malek , an account executive at a medical company who lives in Florida and appeared in the television series "  Bad Girls Club , " the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department said . Malek 's attorney , Michael Grieco , told CNN that it took the police half an hour to realize that she was not the "  person of interest " they were seeking once he told them that she was in Miami and sent them identifying information . According to Grieco , his client met the suspect in the killings two years ago when he lived in Miami and the two became friends , but they had not maintained contact . He said Malek does not know Howard . Ammar Harris , 26 , is being sought in connection with Thursday 's pre-dawn fatal shooting of Kenneth Cherry , an aspiring rapper known as Kenny Clutch . Clutch was driving his Maserati on Las Vegas Boulevard when he was struck by gunfire from a black Range Rover . The Maserati then collided with a taxi , which caught fire , killing the driver and a passenger . Police said the pictures of Malek were found in Harris ' possession and that "  it appears Harris had obtained and downloaded images of this celebrity because of the identical resemblance to the person of interest and his known associate . " Howard , aka Yenesis Alfonso , is not a suspect in the shooting and accident , said Laura Meltzer , a Las Vegas police spokeswoman . "  She 's somebody detectives would like to speak to in connection with this event . " Police say Howard has been identified as being inside the Range Rover at the time shots were fired from it ; she is listed as missing and possibly endangered . Police have identified Harris as a suspect . He is at large ; a black Range Rover police say he was driving early Thursday has been impounded . A woman who identified herself as Howard 's mother told CNN that her daughter and Harris have been girlfriend and boyfriend for about a year . Miladys Garcia said she recognized Harris from an image that police issued but knew him by a different name . Garcia said she has n't been in contact with her daughter since the shooting . She gave CNN with a phone number for Howard . A call to the number went to voice mail , and the mailbox was full . CNN 's Cristy Lenz contributed to this report .	A woman sought in connection with a triple homicide was not the woman pictured Instead , the pictures show a reality TV participant who lives in Florida Her lawyer says she used to know the suspect in the Las Vegas shootings
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli security forces said Thursday they have broken up a wide-ranging terror plot , which would have included attacks on a football stadium , abductions and car bombings . Authorities arrested at least 30 members of Palestinian militant group Hamas and seized rifles , ammunition and explosives , said the Shin Bet , the country 's security agency . The terror cells were getting orders from Hamas leaders in Turkey , while the operatives got their training outside Israel and were then smuggled back in to carry out the attacks , the Shin Bet said . The arrests were made in September after explosive devices were detonated on August 31 in the West Bank , leading to a full investigation . Among the targets selected were the Teddy football stadium and a light rail station in Jerusalem , the Shin Bet said . There were also plans to carry out attacks and abductions in Jewish settlements in the West Bank , it said . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu praised the Shin Bet and Israel Defense Forces "  for foiling very dangerous terrorist actions that could have claimed many victims in our country . " While this operation has been made public , many other counter-terror actions against Hamas remain secret , he said , while visiting the Sde Boker kibbutz in southern Israel . "  We are operating day and night in order to maintain the security of Israel 's citizens ; the people who do this are deserving of all praise and support , " he said . Israel demolishes home as killers ' families pay price for terror attacks	NEW : Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu praises work of security services , military Israeli security forces say they have broken up a network planning terror attacks At least 30 Hamas members have been arrested , Israel 's security agency says Intended targets include a football stadium and a light rail station , it says
CNN  -- For most couples , a few differences -- whether philosophical , religious , or simply about whose turn it is to do the dishes -- are hardly newsworthy . But for vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan and his wife Janna , political dissimilarities were enough to land them an article in The New York Times . This may not seem like a big deal to the couple themselves -- she 's a "  practical conservative " from a prominent Democrat family and he 's , well , a staunch Republican . Yet such seemingly major differences can be mind-boggling to many people , particularly in the heat of election season . Of course , the Ryans are n't the first couple to agree to disagree politically in the name of love . Political strategists James Carville and Mary Matalin famously butted heads on the campaign trail , then stunned America when they fell in love , got married and raised a family . And there have always been rumors that some first ladies have n't agreed with their presidential spouses on every issue ; Laura Bush is one example . It may surprise those of us who are in agreement with our partners -- or who ca n't imagine dating a Republican or Democrat -- but political differences can actually be a benefit to some relationships . "  If a couple who does n't share political views has a healthy relationship , then that speaks to other strengths , " says psychotherapist Jonathan Alpert , author of "  Be Fearless : Change Your Life in 28 Days . " "  For example , they may have good communication and conflict resolution skills , a healthy sex life , shared goals , and similar interests -- all of which are possible even if their politics differ . " But how does that conflict play out in the bedroom ? Democrats and Republicans may be able to agree to disagree , but their differences appear to continue between the sheets . According to a recent survey by Binghamton University and dating website Match.com of more than 5,000 single American men and women , politically liberal respondents were more likely to have sex more often , but conservative respondents reported having "  better " sex . Specifically , 53 % of those who described themselves as conservative Republicans said that they reached orgasm every time they had sex , compared with 40 % of liberal Democrats . "  Orgasm , particularly among women , takes practice and knowing one 's body , " suggests Justin Garcia , a postdoctoral fellow at The Kinsey Institute for Research in Sex , Gender , and Reproduction and a co-researcher on the study . "  Conservatives tend to be more traditional and rigid . So , it reasons that this might also manifest in the bedroom -- once they 've found something that works , they stick to it ! " That 's just a guess , of course . But the survey also uncovered some other interesting sexual-political tidbits . For example , the liberal Democrats surveyed placed more importance on sense of humor , independence and equality in a partner , while conservative Republicans were more likely to seek out someone of the same background and political party and were more apt to want to get married . Overall , such fun facts make for excellent cocktail party fodder , but they may not have much of an impact on real relationships . In fact , the survey found that just 17 % of men and 20 % of women said they must be with someone who 's in their political party . "  The interesting message from this survey is that , regardless of political affiliation , almost everyone in America recognizes the importance of love and sex , either in their lives or the world around them , " Garcia says . "  This is an important message during an election year -- human sexuality should not be a politically divisive issue , since it truly concerns us all . " If you do find yourself in a relationship with someone of the opposite political party , take heart -- and follow Alpert 's advice . "  Do n't define yourself by your political affiliation . You 're a husband , a wife , a brother , a sister , a daughter , a son , " he says . "  Use the different opinions to learn something new . With every political view is a possible discussion where you can learn about your partner . Set ground rules about when to argue -- and know when to walk away . " So this election season , look past the parties and cast your vote for a happy , healthy relationship . The opinions expressed are solely those of Ian Kerner .	Political differences may be a boost to some relationships A recent survey shows sexual differences between Republicans and Democrats "  Human sexuality should not be a politically divisive issue , " a researcher says
CNN  -- Calling attention to a logjam of stalled diplomatic nominations in the Senate , Secretary of State John Kerry said the delay is harming U.S. national security . In direct public commentary on an issue crossing politics and diplomacy , Kerry called for swift approval of the nominees , many of whom are career diplomats . Some were selected for difficult jobs in global hotspots . "  Make no mistake : Vacancies in so many world capitals send a dangerous message to allies and adversaries alike about America 's engagement , " Kerry said in an opinion piece for Politico on Tuesday . "  This perception makes it much more difficult to do the nonpartisan work at the heart of U.S. foreign policy â $ " defending the security of our nation , promoting our values and helping our businesses compete to create American jobs back home , " he added . Fifty-three State Department nominees await confirmation . Nearly two thirds are uncontroversial career diplomats who are caught up in a partisan standoff that has nothing to do with them or the jobs they 've been tapped to undertake . Democrats lead the chamber and accuse Republicans of delaying confirmation votes as payback for new rules aimed at making it easier to break Republican filibusters on nominations . Republicans require separate votes for each nominee , rather than the customary practice of allowing votes on multiple names at once . White House spokesman Josh Earnest urged Senate Republicans to , "  stop playing political games and let these individuals get to work on behalf of the American people . " But Republicans blame the other side . In an interview with CNN 's Jake Tapper , Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio said the GOP has no choice but to take the slow approach . "  The leaderships on the Democratic side of the aisle has chosen , for the first time ever , at least in modern history , to say , ` You know , Republicans are not going to have a voice in these nominees , ' " Portman said of the rules change . Now , Kerry is urging members of both parties to cooperate and act swiftly . Some 40 countries are awaiting permanent ambassadors , including Qatar and Kuwait , Gulf allies whose cooperation is critical to the fight against extremists in Iraq . Embassies in Honduras and Guatemala are also waiting for new ambassadors at a time when unaccompanied minors from Central America are surging across the southern border , creating what the White House calls a humanitarian crisis . And in Africa , nearly a quarter of U.S. missions are awaiting permanent ambassadors . Those include Cameroon and Niger , where the State Department insists the lack of American leadership has hampered efforts to recover hundreds of schoolgirls abducted by the Boko Haram extremist group in neighboring Nigeria this year . "  Ambassadors are there for a reason , " Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Linda Thomas-Greenfield told CNN . "  They speak for the President . They speak for the administration . Not having those voices on the ground has made a difference in our ability to convey the messages we need to convey to these governments . " Obama to nominate first U.S. ambassador to Somalia in more than two decades	Dozens of nominees held up by partisan politics in the Senate Many are career diplomats , not political patrons who often get ambassador jobs Kerry says some are destined for hotspots where U.S. leadership is needed
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Police on the picturesque island of Jersey in the English Channel detained a 68-year-old man Tuesday as part of their investigation into alleged abuses at a long-closed government-run children 's home . A woman walks past the Haut de la Garenne children 's home . Spokeswoman Louise Nibbs said the man was helping authorities with their inquiries into "  a number of historic rapes and indecent assaults . " But , Nibbs added , the man 's detention was not "  directly related " to the Haut de la Garenne children 's home . Rather , he is part of a wider inquiry into abuses that authorities are investigating , she said . "  We can now also confirm that the alleged offenses in question took place in the 1960s and 1970s , " she said . "  We are not able to say at this time where the offenses took place . " Nibbs did not release the man 's name or disclose any other details . The man has not been charged with a crime , Nibbs said . Jersey is a British crown dependency , located 14 miles off the coast of Normandy near France . In January , police arrested another man -- a former warden who was charged with three counts of indecent assault on underage girls in the late 60s and early 70s . The man , 76-year-old Gordon Wateridge , has not entered a plea yet , Nibbs said . The announcement in January that fragments of a child 's skull had been discovered under a stairwell in the building has sparked more than 160 allegations of child abuse there dating back to the 1960s , authorities say . The building opened in 1867 and housed up to 60 children at any one time . It underwent several renovations and closed in 1986 only to reopen as a youth hostel in 2004 . Possible clues to the abuse alleged to have occurred inside include writing found on a wall that "  refers to somebody being bad , " Jersey Deputy Police Chief Lenny Harper said in February . "  We have no idea at the moment who put it there or , indeed , how long it 's been there . " Police said much of what they found , including shackles , matches accounts given by witnesses . Several former residents allege they suffered physical and sexual abuse in a storeroom . Police suspect there could be four bricked-up chambers underground . Several alleged victims have talked about abuse occurring in a large concrete trough in the basement , which was originally the first floor of the building . In February , authorities said they had compiled "  well over 40 " suspects who are alive , and a number of others who are dead . The investigation has taken officials to Australia , Thailand , Germany and the British mainland . Some of those who have reported abuse have taken their complaints to the news media . "  There was one occasion , in the sick bay , where I was made to fondle another boy -- if you did n't , you were threatened you would n't come out alive , " said Carl Denning , who said he was taken to the home at the age of 5 and said one of his friends committed suicide after being raped there . "  You 'd go to bed at night , sleeping , and all of a sudden your arms would be held down and the next thing you know you 're getting raped , " recalled Peter Hannaford , who spent the first 12 years of his life there . "  You were subject to constant abuse . ... It was every night , and you were scared to go to bed . " Stuart Syvret , a local politician , told CNN the building had long been known "  as a place where young boys were punished severely , where they suffered . " He alleged a "  long-established culture of covering up alleged abuses " -- a claim the local government denies . The investigation began in 2006 , when police were alerted to the possibility that pedophiles had worked at the institution . That led to the discovery of the skull fragment . The institution housed wards of the state -- primarily neglected and abandoned children . A remand wing housed children who had been convicted of crimes . The allegations mar the carefully cultivated image the island 's elite have tried to project . Jersey 's beaches have made it a big tourist destination , and its offshore banks have made it a tax haven and a playground for the rich . Eleven miles long and 9 miles wide , the island is populated by about 80,000 mostly white , affluent residents . Heavily influenced by the French , the largely autonomous island has its own legal system and its own currency . London manages only its defense and foreign policy matters . E-mail to a friend	Jersey police say 68-year-old man arrested in children 's home abuse probe Man being questioned about a number of alleged rapes More than a 100 people claim they were abused at Haut de la Garenne home
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Supporters of an accused assassin of a Pakistani politician brought him Valentine 's flowers and cards Monday , the same day a judge charged him with murder and terrorism acts , his lawyer said . Pakistani police have said Mumtaz Hussain Qadri confessed to gunning down Salman Taseer , the governor of Punjab Province , outside an outdoor market in Islamabad last month . The suspect was serving as Taseer 's security guard at the time of the shooting . Police said Qadri shot Taseer because of the liberal politician 's campaign to amend Pakistan 's controversial blasphemy laws . The charges of murder and committing an act of terrorism each carry the possible death penalty in Pakistan . When the judge asked Qadri to enter a plea , he denied committing a crime , said Raja Shuja Ur Rehman , his lawyer . "  I acted against a blasphemer per the guidelines of the Quran and the teachings of the prophet Muhammad , " Qadri told the judge , according to his lawyer . "  I did n't kill an innocent person . " Pakistani authorities held Monday 's hearing inside the jail where Qadri is being kept for security reasons . Around 50 people stood outside the jail bearing flowers and Valentine 's wishes for the accused assassin , his lawyer said . It was n't clear whether jail officials delivered the flowers to Qadri . Since the shooting , Pakistan 's hard-line religious groups have congratulated Qadri and held demonstrations calling him a hero , while condemning anyone who tries to change Pakistan 's blasphemy laws . The next court date for Qadri is scheduled for February 26th when the prosecution is scheduled to present its evidence .	The suspect was serving as the politician 's security guard Pakistani police : The suspect has confessed to the killing Suspect says he acted "  against a blasphemer " per Quran guidelines , according to his lawyer
CNN Student News  -- September 12 , 2013 On Thursday 's edition of CNN Student News , we recap President Obama 's speech regarding Syria , and we share one U.S. senator 's response . We also report on violence in Libya , and we show how Americans remembered the victims of the 9/11 terrorist attacks . And in an industry focused on looks , one model hopes to make a difference by standing out . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : To what extent do the media -- television , movies and magazines -- help define the public 's notion of beauty ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . diplomatic proposal 2 . Benghazi , Libya 3 . "  breaking the mold " Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . In which country are the U.S. secretary of state and the Russian foreign minister meeting to discuss Syria ? 2 . What is the name of the building being constructed on the New York site of the 9/11 terrorist attack ? 3 . What occupation do Joan Smalls , Gisele BÃ 1/4 ndchen and Coco Rocha have in common ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Did hearing parts of the president 's speech and a congressman 's response influence how you view the subject of Syria ? Why or why not ? 2 . How might public ceremonies honoring the victims of a terrorist attack help their families and the other people who attend ? 3 . In what ways do you think that Shaun Ross , the model featured in the report , "  breaks the mold " in the fashion industry ? What was your reaction to his story ? What do you think has most influenced Americans ' perceptions of beauty ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Europe Geneva , Switzerland Africa Benghazi , Libya North America New York City ; Washington , D.C. ; Shanksville , Pennsylvania FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- A member of the Shiite militia Hezbollah , who escaped from an Egyptian prison during the recent unrest there , made a surprise appearance Wednesday at a Hezbollah rally in Beirut . The Hezbollah television network al Manar showed Sami Shehab being greeted by rapturous applause as he took the stage at the rally in a southern suburb of Beirut to mark the group 's martyrs ' day . Shehab , also known as Mohammed Yusuf Mansour , was accused by Egyptian authorities of leading a Hezbollah cell in Egypt and planning attacks in Egypt . He had been in prison for nearly two years before escaping on February 3 along with several members of the Palestinian Islamic group Hamas , Hezbollah officials said . He was described as a "  brother in our struggle " as he joined a group of Hezbollah officials on stage .	Hezbollah member escaped from Egyptian prison He makes surprise appearance in Beirut
CNN  -- Rand Paul arrives in South Carolina on Friday for a handful of fundraisers and closed-door meetings with local Republicans , the latest in a series of expeditions to key primary states as he mulls a presidential bid in 2016 . In New Hampshire , early signs of the 2016 presidential race If the Kentucky senator decides to embark on a White House run , a likely prospect according to those around him , his South Carolina foray crystallizes what could be a central challenge as a Republican candidate : assuaging skeptical donors in the party 's establishment without rankling the grass-roots activists who helped lift him to national prominence . 2016 Watch : Rand Paul 's travel plans very telling How well he straddles those two worlds could very well determine if the diminutive ophthalmologist can re-shape the party in his own image . "  It 's going to be a hard line to walk , " said Robert Cahaly , a South Carolina Republican consultant . "  But he is bridging some gaps that we have n't seen before from another Republican . " As Paul 's advisers began sorting out his political travels earlier this spring , they worked hand-in-hand with the South Carolina Republican Party to set up two very different kinds of fundraisers designed to appeal to two different wings of the party . Paul 's first order of business Friday is a $ 1,500-a-plate luncheon in Greenville , a run-of-the-mill "  high dollar " event that raises money for the South Carolina GOP and offers a handful of wealthy Republican donors a chance to get close to the potential presidential candidate and chat candidly behind closed doors . Friday 's trip is Paul 's political debut in the early primary state , and the session with donors is just introductory . Compared to the kind of money thrown around in the heat of a presidential election , the ticket price also happens to be quite modest . But these white tablecloth sessions with old-line donors are sure to become increasingly important to Paul if he wants to prove his viability to Republican Brahmins . With individual contributions capped at $ 2,600 under federal election law , Paul will need more than just online fundraising and a series of "  money bombs , " small donor activity that helped his father raise competitive sums during his insurgent campaigns , to compete on a national level for the long haul . "  You ca n't raise enough libertarian Ron Paul money and hope to win , " said Trey Grayson , the former Kentucky Secretary of State who lost to Paul in his 2010 Senate primary . "  At $ 2,600 increments , you have to break into establishment money to win the nomination , even if the field is fractured , because it will eventually consolidate . " Later Friday , Paul heads to the state capital of Columbia for a casual "  low-dollar " fundraiser with a menu of barbecue and sweet tea at the state farmer 's market , a chance to mingle with grass-roots activists who purchased tickets for $ 40 a pop . Paul 's political team also arranged a pair of intimate , off-the-record meetings with activists from the South Carolina "  liberty movement " who were intensely loyal to his father , former Texas Rep. Ron Paul , during his two underdog presidential bids in 2008 and 2012 . It 's a small but vocal grass-roots constituency that remains deeply resentful of the very party establishment that Paul will be courting , and raising money for , earlier in the day . Since his unexpected rise to the Senate in 2010 , the younger Paul has been viewed with suspicion in certain corners of the libertarian movement , in part because he has taken some more hawkish foreign policy stands than his father , such as supporting sanctions on Iran . He also has revealed a pragmatic streak as his stature , and ambitions , have grown . Paul has cozied up to Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , a beacon of the Republican establishment who backed Grayson in that 2010 primary , and he endorsed Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney last summer when Ron Paul was still , technically , a candidate for the nomination , irking many of his libertarian devotees . Paul 's advisers are up-front about the differences between the senator and his father . "  There are some people from the more libertarian side who do n't see Rand as libertarian enough , even though he has a more libertarian voting record than any senator in my lifetime , " said Doug Stafford , one of Paul 's political aides . "  He is not a libertarian , he is a libertarian-leaning Republican . " Paul faces blowback after new drone comments In South Carolina , at least , libertarian activists seem willing to let Paul rub elbows with the establishment if it helps him push the party in their ideological direction . "  Rand has moved the playing field right down to the goal line , " said Chris Lawton , a self-described "  liberty activist " from Taylors who backed Ron Paul in the past two cycles . "  He is politically more deft than Ron . He realizes that he has a game to play . He is aligning himself with mainstream , but 95 % of his political beliefs are similar to Ron 's . " Lawton , though , said he is skipping Paul 's tour through South Carolina because his events are raising money for the state Republican Party , an institution that Lawton and other libertarians in the state loudly resent . Much of the anxiety surrounding Paul in South Carolina is coming not from his activist base but from the traditional donor class -- even some with long ties to former South Carolina Sen. Jim DeMint , who supported Paul in 2010 and welcomed him into the Senate 's "  Tea Party Caucus " after his victory . "  Rand Paul is probably a little too out there , maybe , for me , " said Barry Wynn , a longtime financial backer of DeMint 's who said , for now , that he 's more intrigued by Floridians Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush in 2016 . "  I do n't have anything against him . He is just a little more outside of the tradition of the people I would tend to gravitate towards . " Republican donor Peter Brown , a Columbia signage manufacturer who tried , unsuccessfully , to lure DeMint into the 2012 presidential race , was more blunt . "  The biggest thing that will hurt  Paul  with people like me is he 's got to distance himself from his dad , " Brown said . "  I live in the real world , and the real world says you ca n't ignore certain things , you ca n't ignore the other countries in the world , and the government is here , and it has a purpose . We got what we got , and we have to make the best of it . " That concern -- that Paul is a pie-in-the-sky ideologue who ca n't be bothered by the grim realities of governing -- emerged as a common theme in conversations with members of the South Carolina business community . "  Being a slight libertarian myself , I agree with a lot of his issues , " said Leighton Lord , a well-connected Columbia attorney . "  But I am also a practical business guy . You ca n't maintain those hard-line libertarian views and be a chief executive . My gut is that Rand Paul is not one of those gets-things-done guys . " Stafford , the Paul adviser , said he 's heard similar worries from potential supporters before , going back to the 2010 campaign in Kentucky when Paul would meet with Chamber of Commerce-types in Louisville and Lexington . In later fundraising swings around the country , in tony locales like Silicon Valley and Manhattan , Stafford said Paul has used a personal touch to soothe fretful donors who just do n't think he can win . "  The best part about Rand is you put him in the room with them and they become way less skeptical , " he said . "  He is a smart , reasonable person and I do n't know that they are expecting the person that they meet . They will walk out , almost to a man , less skeptical . That 's why we go to these things . That 's why we do GOP events and not just activist events . " In a state with eight military installations , Paul has the added burden of convincing the South Carolina establishment that he wo n't push American foreign policy in an isolationist direction that could affect the livelihoods of thousands of veterans and military families . Paul : Helping Syrian rebels a dangerous risk Paul 's national security views are leavened by his fidelity to protecting personal liberties . He fiercely opposes drone strikes and military intervention overseas , and he has condemned the recently revealed NSA surveillance program -- positions that put him at odds with South Carolina 's hawkish Sen. Lindsey Graham , a reservist in the state 's Air National Guard . "  There are some mainstream Republicans who are concerned that people who come from Paul 's side of the party do not stand for strong national defense , " said Cahaly , the Republican consultant . "  He needs to make clear , especially in South Carolina , which is full of vets and people who support the military , that he is not a threat to them . " Lee Bright , a state senator who endorsed the elder Paul in 2012 , argued that Rand Paul 's views are "  obviously more mainstream " than his father 's . But even if Paul ca n't persuade GOP elders to back him in a presidential campaign , he predicted , they might be able to persuade themselves . "  Keep in mind that the establishment always seems to gravitate toward a winner , " Bright said . "  If he is a front-runner , the establishment will find a way to support him . "	Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , is considering a 2016 White House bid Challenge for Paul could be winning GOP establishment while keeping libertarian grass-roots "  It 's going to be a hard line to walk , " a South Carolina GOP consultant says Paul is the son of former Rep. Ron Paul , R-Texas , a well-known libertarian
Canberra , Australia  CNN  -- President Barack Obama declared Thursday that the United States will take an expanded role in shaping the Asian Pacific region , with an increased military presence one step of that policy . "  Our enduring interests in the region demand our enduring presence in this region , " Obama said in a speech to the Australian Parliament . "  The United States is a Pacific power , and we are here to stay . " On Wednesday , his government announced an agreement with Australia that will expand military cooperation between the longtime allies and boost America 's presence in the region . In Thursday 's speech , Obama made clear that the military expansion is a top priority in the wake of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars , even as the United States faces the need to reduce mounting federal deficits and debt . "  As we end today 's wars , I have directed my national security team to make our presence and missions in the Asia Pacific a top priority , " Obama said . "  As a result , reductions in U.S. defense spending will not -- I repeat , will not -- come at the expense of the Asia Pacific . " The speech on the second day of his two-day trip to Australia , Obama 's first as president , signaled a policy objective to compete head-on with China for influence in the region while also providing security assurances for allies . Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes told reporters that the policy comes in part from nations of the region seeking increased U.S. presence . "  The ability of the United States to help respond to contingencies is something that has been welcomed in recent years , whether , again , it was work that we 're doing in the Philippines to counter violent extremism , work that we 're doing to counter piracy in the region , the response to the tsunami in Indonesia , " Rhodes said . "  So in other words , there 's a demand signal from the nations of the region , and this is something that we 're doing in concert with one of our closest allies . So we believe it 's not just entirely appropriate , but an important step to dealing with the challenges of the future of the Asia Pacific region . " Under the military agreement announced Wednesday , up to 250 U.S. Marines will be sent to Darwin and the northern region of Australia for military exercises and training . Over the next several years their numbers are expected to climb to 2,500 -- a full Marine ground task force . In addition , Air Force Maj. Gen. Michael Keltz , director of strategic planning and policy for the U.S. Pacific Command , told journalists in a telephone call Wednesday from Hawaii that the United States has based some of its most sophisticated weapons in the Pacific , including squadrons of F-22 fighters and C-17 transport planes . The F-22s provide leading-edge technology for potential air-to-air combat as well as cyber - and electronic warfare , " Keltz said . They replaced older F-15s , he added . Keltz details U.S. military power in Pacific While U.S. officials cited the need to respond to regional natural disasters as a reason for the agreement , concern over China 's military expansion is widely acknowledged as a driving factor . "  What we look at is how does our general force posture allow us to protect U.S. interests , protect our allies , and ... secure the region broadly , " Rhodes said . "  China is obviously a piece of the Asia Pacific region , an emerging power . " Rhodes later added that the deal is "  part of the U.S. sending a signal that we 're going to be present , that we 're going to continue to play the role of underpinning security in this part of the region . Part of that context is a rising China . " In China , a foreign ministry spokesman questioned the appropriateness of an increased U.S. military presence in Australia . Analysts note that the deal sends a message to China in a less confrontational way than building up bases closer to Chinese shores . "  The Chinese can squawk about it , " said Patrick Cronin , senior director of the Asia-Pacific Security Program at the Center for a New American Security . "  But it 's not like having an aircraft carrier in the Yellow Sea . " Obama himself , however , insisted during a Wednesday news conference that "  the notion that we fear China is mistaken . " The president 's Australian visit -- postponed twice in 2009 and 2010 due to the massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and other domestic political considerations -- highlights a changing balance of power in the Pacific as China expands its military reach and the United States works to reduce its military footprint in Japan . Obama 's Australian visit comes on the heels of last weekend 's 19-nation Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit , which highlighted the need for new measures supporting job growth . During the Hawaiian summit , Obama stressed the importance of the Pacific to global economic security , and he pushed China to do more to help strengthen the world economy . After wrapping up his visit to Australia , Obama will conclude his Pacific trip with a stop in Indonesia -- a country he spent several years living in during his childhood . CNN 's Charley Keyes , Tom Cohen and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	NEW : "  The United States is a Pacific power , " Obama says in Australia Up to 2,500 U.S. Marines will be deployed near Darwin Deal with Australia sends a message in light of China 's growing military power The president will wrap up his Pacific trip with a stop in Indonesia
CNN  -- Strange things seem to happen when Grant Wilson enters a room . Grant Wilson , left , and partner Jason Hawes were driven by personal experiences to track ghosts . Human forms materialize in darkened hallways . The dead whisper greetings from beyond the grave . Unseen entities attack and hurl terrified people to the ground . Every day is Halloween for Wilson , co-star of the Sci Fi Channel 's hit show , "  Ghost Hunters . " Close encounters of the paranormal kind would drive most people to look for another hobby , but Wilson says he ai n't afraid of no ghosts . "  That 's part of the job , " says Wilson , who investigates suspected hauntings with his co-host , Jason Hawes . . "  We tell everyone that we train that you 'll be punched , slapped and grabbed . Be prepared for it . " Anyone who has watched their 401  k  account evaporate during the recent stock market dive knows something about horror . But Wilson is part of a growing community that prefers getting their chills the old-fashioned way . They are ghost hunters , or , as they prefer to be called , paranormal investigators . "  Ghost-Hunters , " which airs a special live show at 7 p.m. Halloween night , is helping lift the stigma once attached to paranormal investigators . The show has become so popular that the group featured in each episode -- The Atlantic Paranormal Society - has spawned imitators across the United States and affiliates in 12 countries . TAPS , as the "  Ghost Hunters " group is informally known , even has its own "  Beyond Reality Radio " show , magazine , lecture tours , T-shirts -- and groupies . "  Ghost Hunters " has made creepy cool , says David Schrader , a paranormal investigator and co-host of "  Darkness Radio , " a radio show that investigates paranormal activity . "  Five or six years ago , you 'd be embarrassed to sit around the water cooler talking about ghosts , but now everybody talks about it -- it 's gone mainstream , " Schrader says . It 's also gone Hollywood . Paranormal shows like "  Paranormal State " on A&E Television ; "  Haunting Evidence " on truTV  which , like CNN.com , is owned by Time Warner  ; "  Dead Famous " on the Biography Channel ; and "  A Haunting " on the Discovery Channel are trying to mimic the success of "  Ghost Hunters . " Paranormal investigators are n't just chasing ghosts anymore ; they 're chasing television gigs , Schrader says . "  Everybody I know has a pilot in development -- including me , " Schrader says . "  They throw it around like Frisbees . It 's become a joke . " The paranormal shows have also created a paranormal circuit . Families and friends attend ghost-hunting conventions , retreats  one was dubbed "  GhoStock , "  swap tips on ghost-hunting gear and make pilgrimages to famous haunted places like The Stanley Hotel in Colorado , the setting for the Stephen King movie , "  The Shining . " I hear dead people . " Why they chase ghosts Many of these amateur paranormal investigators are inspired -- and freaked out - by what they see on "  Ghost Hunters . " Some of the incidents recorded by "  Ghost Hunters " are mystifying : Ghostly forms appear on camera , chairs lurch across rooms by themselves and voices of people long dead are played back to their wide-eyed relatives . In one of the most famous "  Ghost Hunters " episodes , a cameraman is grabbed and hurled to the ground -- though no one appears to touch him . The cameraman is so shaken that he sobs and quits the show . Wilson says people who think they have a ghost at home should not try a do-it-yourself home ghost repair . A person who uses Ouija boards or anything else to contact ghosts can unleash malevolent spirits . "  You might not be ready for what happens , " Wilson says . Watch Grant 's encounter with a ghost " Some ghost-hunters say they entered the field because , like Wilson , they had personal experiences with the supernatural . Others want to know if there is something beyond death . Others like Marley Gibson , an author and paranormal investigator says they 're more scared by current events . "  We 're living in a world where we 're fighting two wars , we 've got poverty , homelessness , people not having health care and a job -- people want escapism , " says Gibson , author of "  Ghost Huntress : The Awakening " a forthcoming book that follows the exploits of a 16-year-old girl who forms a paranormal research team . Ask ghost hunters if they get scared and many give the same reply -- I do n't do scared , just startled . Gibson says many ghost-hunters go into investigations armed with strong spiritual beliefs . "  I 've never met such spiritually-grounded , religious , God-fearing people as I have in the paranormal community , " she says . ' I felt a ... very large finger or a paw poke me in the back ' Sometimes paranormal investigators , though , admit they experience what Schrader , the Darkness Radio co-host calls , "  Oh -LSB- bleep -RSB- ' moments . " Schrader had one last December , when he apparently took his job home with him one evening . He visited his ex-wife and children after coming back from a ghost-hunting retreat and decided to spend the night in the basement . Around three in the morning , he says , he heard his then one-year-old daughter screaming . He ran upstairs to hear her say that a shadow was watching her in her room . He comforted his daughter and returned to sleep downstairs . His wife then called him an hour later on his cell phone from her bedroom and whispered : "  Get up in my room . There 's something here and I can see it . " Nothing was there but Schrader says some spirits had apparently thought it was OK to pay a visit to his family . He says people who are open to the existence of ghosts sometimes become "  beacons " that attract spirits . Schrader decided to solve the problem by calling for a supernatural version of pest-control . He blessed the house with holy water and called in two "  demonologist " to cleanse the house . No more ghosts . Patrick Burns , a paranormal investigator and co-host of "  Haunting Evidence , " had one of his teeth-chattering moments when there was no one around to call . He says he was working on a documentary on ghosts from his home computer one night when he felt something touch him . "  I felt a very pronounced poke with a very large finger , or possibly a paw , just above my beltline on the back , " he says . Now the average person might have taken that as a cue to run from the room . But Burns is a professional , and besides , he has his own paranormal television show . He shrugged and kept working . Then , he says , he felt the room temperature drop . Cold spots are often associated with hauntings , but Burns kept working because , as he said later : "  No way is my house is haunted . " Finally , he heard a thud that sounded like a body slammed against the wall . The impact is so hard that it shook the house , he says . "  I throw off my headphones and say , ` Okay you have my attention now , ' "  Burns says . "  After that , nothing else happened . It just wanted me to acknowledge that it was there . " Sometimes encounters with the living can be just as strange as their encounters with the paranormal , ghost hunters say . Wilson , the "  Ghost Hunters " co-host , says he 's more leery of people than ghosts . Paranormal investigators like him and Burns are now so famous that they have adoring fans . Wilson is a Roto-Rooter plumber by day , but he had to stop answering residential calls because too many people were breaking their toilets just to meet him Hawes , his ghost hunting/plumbing partner . Though Wilson says he 's never been scared by a ghost , he still sounds shaken by one encounter . He says he once met an entity that displayed a personal interest in him . She appeared in front of him , displayed a tattoo of his face stenciled on her leg , and asked him what he thought . The "  entity " was a fan Wilson met during a public appearance . "  That , " Wilson admits , "  was a little scary . "	Sci Fi Channel ghost hunter says ghosts can get pushy "  Ghost Hunters " inspires others to delve into the paranormal Work follows them to their homes , ghost hunters say Ghost hunter : "  I felt a very large finger or paw poke me "
CNN  -- To contemplate Michael Jordan turning 50 on Sunday is to witness one 's youth floating out with the tide , the water as merciless in its mission as Jordan was in his prime . He is in the sweet spot of the old "  Saturday Night Live " sketch featuring Mike Myers , "  Middle Aged Man , " about a guy who was older and wiser , and who obsessed about people looking at his gut . Jordan has been laid low these days because the team he owns , the Charlotte Bobcats , are one of the NBA 's worst , and because he has been terrible at building a franchise . There is no doubt some schadenfreude at work here , with those who could n't defeat Jordan as rival players or executives , or those who covered the league and watched the deferential treatment Jordan and the Bulls received . They now delight in burying him . What a bunch of morons . The end game : How sports stars battle through retirement We all led comfortable lives because of Jordan : Me , all the sycophantic TV guys and writers in Chicago , everyone who worked at NBC in the '90s , everyone who played against him and who wrote about him . That does n't mean you canonize the guy ; it means you acknowledge that his excellence contributed directly to your well being , like the NASCAR driver who thanks the guys who designed the car . The NBA in the time of Jordan was at its zenith as a cultural force and a ratings behemoth , capable of drawing in what television people call "  casual viewers , " who did n't know a pick and roll from a pimento roll , but who nonetheless turned on Jordan and the Chicago Bulls when they were winning championships . Athletes tend to get watered down with time , their rough edges rubbed out by biographers and historians who often fail to apply the rigorous discipline of their craft to sports , so much do they want to remain fans . Mickey Mantle 's alcoholism was never front and center until it had almost killed him . God , I hope that never happens with Jordan . There are those who were appalled by his Hall of Fame speech , in which he sneered at those who had ever doubted him . I thought it was great . He finally showed everyone who he really was . There has been far too much hagiography written about Jordan , both in the past and now , far too much hero worship for a man who was , at his core , not an especially empathic person . That is not written pejoratively , for almost all the great athletes in any sport were singularly driven individuals who did n't play well with others . Do you hear stories of Tiger Woods yukking it up in clubhouses with his opponents ? Bleacher Report : Jordan 's unofficial guide to NBA success Magic Johnson and Larry Bird and Isiah Thomas were each reviled by at least a few teammates for their brutal verbal takedowns of lesser players -- and almost everyone in their respective locker rooms were lesser players . Jordan was merely the ultimate example of that ruthlessness , that desire to win that mutated into obsession . He finally won a title when he was surrounded by teammates who endured as much as they enjoyed , who could take his relentless prodding and testing and fight back , either verbally or on the court . Make no mistake -- many of them made millions of dollars and became Hall of Fame credible playing next to him . Jordan 's Bulls came to town , won the game , took over the fans , took your pride , took your girl , took everything that was n't nailed down . But it came with a price . But I liked that about Jordan . He was the best player I ever saw , the most determined , the toughest mentally , the most confident , the least insecure . His will was second to none . He took everyone on , and ultimately beat them . That is the Jordan that is worth remembering , no matter what he winds up doing in Charlotte : Young and handsome and dynamic and so willing to cut out your heart and show it to you . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Aldridge .	Basketball great Michael Jordan turns 50 on Sunday David Aldridge : Jordan was epitome of "  that desire to win that mutated into obsession " Jordan was the best player , most determined and toughest mentally , Aldridge says Aldridge : "  His will was second to none . He took everyone on , and ultimately beat them "
CNN  -- Jenson Button has emerged a surprise contender to join Lewis Hamilton at McLaren in what would be an exciting partnership for the 2010 season . Jenson Button could join Lewis Hamilton at McLaren in an exciting partnership for the 2010 season . Button has not yet agreed a new contract with Brawn and McLaren are interested having struggled to land first choice Kimi Raikkonen . McLaren team principal , Martin Whitmarsh refused to rule out a move for Button and create and all-British pairing at the manufacturer . Asked by British newspaper Daily Mail whether there had been talks between McLaren and Button 's representatives Whitmarsh said : "  We 've talked to a number of drivers . It would n't be appropriate to say more than that . "  We 'll hire the two best drivers available to us as we always have . " The world champion 's manager Richard Goddard also refused to comment on whether he had held talks with McLaren to increase speculation . Button , meanwhile , made a return to Brawn UK headquarters in Brackley and paid tribute to the staff behind his title-winning success . "  I 'm really here to say a massive well done and thank you to everyone at the team . We 've worked so hard for these achievements for so many years , " Button told the Formula One official Web site . "  Some of us were here from the beginning back in 1998 and I arrived halfway through our journey in 2003 but everyone has put so much work in . "  I know that there have been a lot of very difficult times and over the winter there were times when we did n't think that we would be here at all . "  It 's very sad that not everyone can be here who worked on this fantastic car . But the team had to become smaller to continue and together we produced a car that has been exceptional this season . "  To be able to achieve the constructors ' and the drivers ' championships in our first year , especially after such a difficult winter , is an amazing achievement . It 's been a roller coaster of emotions . "  The first few races were magnificent . It looked like it was a walk in the park but it really was n't . Then we had some difficult races , especially myself but also as a team where we struggled . But we fought back hard and when we needed to improve the car , you guys did it . "	Jenson Button has emerged as a contender to join Lewis Hamilton at McLaren Button is out of contract with Brawn at has yet to sign a new deal with them Team principal Martin Whitmarsh refused to rule out a move for Button Button paid tribute to Brawn 's staff at their headquarters in the United Kingdom
New York  CNN  -- Given the pedigree of 740 Park Avenue 's past and present residents -- John D. Rockefeller Jr. , philanthropist Irene Guggenheim , designer Vera Wang and businessman David Koch , to name a few -- it 's no surprise the jewelry taken in several thefts since May is primo stuff : -- His and hers Patek Philippe watches , a Rolex watch and diamond earrings and a diamond necklace  more than $ 100,000 total -- Diamond bracelet and rhinestone pin  $ 82,400 -- Two diamond earrings and other jewelry  $ 53,000 -- A $ 7,500 wrist watch New York City Police are investigating grand larceny robberies at the most exclusive of Manhattan addresses . There were no signs of forced entry , according to Sgt. Carlos Nieves . The building 's real estate firm , Brown Harris Stevens , also is investigating , said Amy Gotzler , senior vice president of communications . New York tower is burglar 's gold mine Police are focusing on four robberies that occurred while residents were on vacation , between May 30 and July 30 . Completed in 1930 , 740 Park Avenue also was home to the parents of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis . Current residents include business magnate Steve Schwarzman . Some of its 31 units have sold for as much as $ 29.9 million , according to Michael Gross , author of "  740 Park , " billed as the inside story of New York 's richest , most prestigious cooperative apartment building . "  In the last 30 years , it has developed a reputation as one of the strictest , hardest to get into , most exclusive , " Gross told CNN on Thursday . "  740 Park means that you 're there . You 're it . " Retired jewel thief Walter Shaw , author of "  A License to Steal , " said he believes the thefts are an inside job . "  Because if they go back to the surveillance tapes and cameras , they 're gon na see that they do n't recognize anybody that does n't belong there , " said Shaw . Shaw was in the business for 30 years and is said to have netted $ 70 million in goods with his crew , dubbed the "  Dinner Set Crew " because it robbed folks while they ate in a different part of the house . He served nearly 12 years and was released in 1986 and later produced movies . According to Shaw , he and his team never did "  high-rise " jobs because there was only one way in -- and one way out . "  I would think it 's somebody that knows the building pretty well and knows the shift changes and knows the comings and goings of the maid service or construction being done , and they blended in , " said Shaw . Gross speculates that whoever robbed the apartments did so by locating each individual apartment 's key box . "  Now you 've got four unrelated families all during summer vacation -- when no one 's around --  and  someone managed to get in with no signs of break-in . Hello ? That means keys . Where are the keys ? They 're in the key box . " Related : Insurer Lloyd 's offers million-dollar reward for clues in Cannes jewel theft CNN 's Vivienne Foley contributed to this report .	Someone has been stealing jewelery at a swank Manhattan address Police say there were no signs of forced entry at 740 Park Avenue Residents of 31-unit building include Vera Wang , David Koch
CNN  -- Longtime NFL wide receiver Chad Johnson has been released by the Miami Dolphins after his arrest over the weekend . Johnson is accused of head-butting his newlywed wife , authorities said . The Dolphins announced Sunday on their website that they had terminated the contract of Johnson , who played a preseason game on Friday but had not participated in a regular season game with the team . No reason was given for his release . Johnson and Evelyn Lozada , a cast member on the VH1 reality TV show "  Basketball Wives , " married on July 4 and their time together is set to be subject of an upcoming show on the same network . According to the arrest report from the Davie Police Department released Sunday , the football player 's wife returned to the couple 's home in that southern Florida city from grocery shopping shortly after 7 p.m. Saturday and noticed a receipt with a charge for a box of condoms . The couple then began talking about the sales receipt and their marriage , according to the arrest report . "  As they were talking , Johnson became upset and without  his wife 's  permission , grabbed her and butted her on the forehead , causing a laceration , " the police report said , giving the alleged victim 's account . After trying to calm down a screaming Johnson , his wife said she ran "  to a neighbor 's house to get away from " him . A Davie police officer soon responded to the area and found Johnson 's wife with an approximately 3-inch cut on the center of her forehead . Officer Christopher Epps then went to the couple 's home , where he found the football player , the arrest report said . Johnson confirmed there had been an argument over the sales receipt , saying his wife had been yelling and that "  she then head butted Johnson " to cause the cut to her forehead . Johnson did not have "  visible marks or bruises , " the arrest report said . His wife indicated she wanted to press charges , signing an affidavit of complaint indicating as much , according to police . She was transported to Westside Regional Medical Center in Plantation , Florida , to be treated for her injuries . Johnson appeared Sunday before a county judge on a domestic violence charge and his bond was set at $ 2,500 , the Davie Police Department said in a press release . He posted bond and was released from the Broward County Jail later in the day , his lawyer Adam Swickle said . The football player was known as Chad Ochocinco -- a Spanish take on his jersey number , 85 -- before his marriage last month . Ochocinco becomes Johnson again The prolific tweeter , with four posts on Saturday alone though none about the incident , is known as much for his vibrant personality as his play on the field . He starred in VH1 's "  The Ultimate Catch , " a 2010 reality dating show in which he considered potential female mates in a tournament-style format . A new reality show about his and Lozada 's courtship and marriage , "  Ev and Ocho , " is set to premiere September 3 on the same network , according to its official website . Johnson spent his first 10 seasons with the Cincinnati Bengals , earning six Pro Bowl selections . The southern Florida native spent last season with the New England Patriots , then signed in the off-season with the Dolphins . Before the team announced Johnson 's release , Miami head coach Joe Philbin said in a Sunday press conference that he planned to "  speak with Chad directly " about the situation . "  I have not spoken with Chad Johnson yet , however , I do plan to meet with him in the relatively near future , " said Philbin , who also joined the Dolphins in the off-season , according to video posted on the team 's website . "  Today , I 've been focused on the football team , the 89 other players that are here today . " CNN 's Douglas Hyde and Maria P. White contributed to this report .	NEW : The Dolphins say they 've terminated the contract of Chad Johnson Johnson 's wife says he head-butted her , causing a 3-inch cut to her forehead The football player said his wife head-butted him , an arrest report says Johnson and his wife , reality TV star Evelyn Lozada , argued after she found a receipt for condoms
CNN  When photographer Fabio Bucciarelli first visited South Sudan , he found a nation filled with hope . He found citizens worn out by decades of war -- but looking forward to an independent , peaceful future . That was two years ago , after the world 's youngest country split from its northern nemesis , Sudan . "  I remember the look on people 's faces , " Bucciarelli said . "  Tired but happy , hopeful for a better future after a past full of pain and war . " His return in February was anything but . This time , Bucciarelli found a nation on the brink of an abyss . Instead of jubilant faces of hope , he saw defeated faces haunted by a return of ghosts of past wars . Months of ethnic violence had left thousands dead , 1.5 million people displaced and a looming famine , according to the United Nations . Bucciarelli found despair cramped in tent camps , growing sexual violence and the recruitment of child soldiers . He described the violence in South Sudan as an "  invisible " conflict . "  It represents one of the longest and most forgotten African wars , " he said . "  Its apparent stillness leads to hear about it less and less . Given the tragic consequences and repercussions on the population , I find it essential to bring it to light . " His goal , he said , is to tell the stories of people rendered powerless by wars , provide objective images and shed light on human rights issues . "  It 's hard to find front-line war photography of the kind we 've seen in Libya or Syria , " Bucciarelli said . "  The images in South Sudan are different . They describe visually the effect of the impending war , lending you a view of the civilian and military populations and providing a glimpse of life inside a murky , not clearly defined conflict . " The latest conflict erupted in December last year , when President Salva Kiir accused his fired deputy , Riek Machar , of an attempted coup . Since then , militia loyal to both have battled each other and targeted civilians from rival tribes . The conflict has wiped out entire neighborhoods and transformed into a full-blown war between two large tribes , the Nuer and the Dinka . Machar belongs to the Nuer community , while the President is a Dinka . Bucciarelli 's pictures provide a rare window into a civilian population under siege . "  South Sudan 's war represents one of the longest and most forgotten African conflicts , " he said . "  Its tragic consequences are quietly fading away from the headlines , making these pictures even more crucial . " Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . South Sudan split from Sudan in 2011 as part of a peace deal that ended decades of war in Africa 's largest nation . That war left 2 million people dead and ended with the peace agreement that included an independence referendum for the south . The recent clashes have been a major setback for a country so desperate for a new start . Instead of relishing its independence , residents of areas such as Bentiu , Bor , Nyang and Mingkaman are struggling to survive as communities turn against one another . Concerned neighboring nations have stepped in and urged warring parties to sign ceasefire deals , but the weapons have not gone quiet . Frantic international pleas for peace have gone unheeded . Fabio Bucciarelli is an Italian photographer whose work focuses on conflict and war . You can follow him on Twitter .	Two years ago , the world 's youngest country split from its northern nemesis , Sudan But during a recent visit , photographer Fabio Bucciarelli found ethnic violence raging
CNN  -- Today is the 90th birthday of former President Jimmy Carter . Born on October 1 , 1924 , the Georgian has lived a political life that is filled with controversy and turmoil . Many Americans consider his presidency to be a complete failure . It was four years during which a stagnant economy got worse and foreign policy spiraled out of control with the Iran hostage crisis . Since leaving Washington , Carter has remained a polarizing figure . His positions on international issues such as the conflicts in the Middle East have often caused his detractors to say that he favors one side over the other . Nine things abo	October 1 is the 90th birthday of former President Jimmy Carter Julian Zelizer : Carter 's campaign emphasized he would restore trust in the government He says while many Americans consider his presidency a failure , there are lessons Zelizer : Carter was right to press public officials to do more to reform our political system
CNN  -- Wildfires are fast-moving targets , so one of the most important weapons firefighting teams can have is timely , precise information about where the fire is , where it 's likely to spread and what 's in its path . In the past couple of years , firefighters have gained a significant advantage : aircraft equipped with heat-detecting infrared sensors and special communication equipment now can relay to firefighting teams on the ground , in minutes , a fire 's precise location , as well as where new "  hotspots " are cropping up , even before they burst into visible flame . "  When I was an incident commander , I would have killed for this kind of data , " said Russ Johnson , the director of public safety and homeland/national security for Esri , one of the world 's leading geographic information companies . In past decades he commanded operations to fight major wildfires , including the massive Yellowstone wildfires of 1988 which scorched about 1.2 million acres . Monitoring wildfires with infrared sensors from aircraft is n't new , but the level of detail and speed with which this data gets transmitted to firefighting teams has been revolutionized . "  Those aircraft used to have to fly at night , because you could n't gather good thermal data during daylight hours , " Johnson said . "  Then you 'd have to wait for the plane to land , and then for the thermal imagery to be processed . If we were lucky , we 'd get that information on printed maps by 4 or 5 in the morning -- just maybe in time to brief firefighters before they went out on the line . "  Today those flights can happen in daylight with vastly improved accuracy , and incident commanders get that data electronically in two minutes on a computer-based map . We now have accurate , almost real-time situational awareness on the spot . That makes all the difference . " Wildfires generally have a perimeter marked by an advancing line of flame . But burning debris gets sucked up into the column of hot air over the fire and deposited ahead of the fire line , often causing new spot fires where they land , up to half a mile away . These hotspots also can be caused by burning debris rolling downhill on a steep slope . Left unchecked , new hotspots can smolder invisibly for hours or days . "  Incident commanders and emergency responders who are managing fires need to make decisions on where to focus air drops of fire retardants and other resources , " Johnson said . "  With this new hotspot information , all of a sudden I know : down there in that canyon , not visible yet , there 's a hotspot . So let 's divert some air assets to hold it while it 's still small and later deploy firefighters there . That 's so much better than discovering the hotspot only when it busts out of a canyon , when it 's strong and harder and more dangerous to fight . " How does this data get to firefighting operations so fast ? Generally it 's transmitted over the Internet  via broadband or wireless carrier networks  on a secure website , which decision-makers and emergency responders can access via computers or smartphones . But where a direct connection to these conventional networks is n't available , that data can travel the "  last mile " by packet radio , a technology long used by amateur radio operators . Meanwhile , brand new technology is also having an impact on fighting wildfires . Unmanned aircraft -- sometimes called "  drones " -- also are starting to play a bigger role in fighting wildfires . According to Aero-News Network , as of June the Federal Aviation Administration had authorized nearly 60 private and government entities to operate unmanned aircraft systems in domestic airspace for many purposes , including fighting wildfires . In the latest issue of Earth Imaging Journal , Thomas Zajkowski , a remote sensing specialist with the U.S. Forest Service Remote Sensing Applications Center , explained that in addition to carrying sensors , drones also can help form a data transmission network to quickly transmit thermal imagery and other information to firefighting operations . But so far , firefighting reconnaissance drones are n't commonplace . Johnson said they 've been used mainly "  when fires get politically visible . Once a fire becomes catastrophic , they turn the drones loose to collect information and data . " That 's because it 's complicated to work drones into firefighting procedures , especially for managing aircraft and air space over fire areas . Johnson explained , "  When there 's a wildfire , emergency airspace gets declared . This restricts all aircraft near the incident . Procedures for managing drones along with air tankers and other aircraft would have to be built into that protocol . I think in the future , if drones can be cost-effectively and safely applied , they 'll become very common and useful in fighting wildfires . But that 's a few years down the road . " Satellites and even the International Space Station also help fight wildfires . In particular , satellites operated by NASA and the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration can supply current data on wind direction and speed , as well as the dryness of surrounding areas . This can help predict where , and how fast , a fire will spread . An agreement signed in June will allow NASA and the U.S. Forest Service to collaborate on raising wildfire awareness . This partnership will highlight connections between wildfires , forest and plant growth research , and materials science . Zajkowski noted in Earth Imaging Journal : "  This joint effort is enhanced by the personal interest of astronaut Joe Acaba , a flight engineer aboard the International Space Station . Acaba is an avid outdoorsman who has focused much of his career on the environment . He selected Smokey Bear , the forest service 's mascot , as the zero-gravity indicator and talisman for his Soyuz flight to the orbiting laboratory in May . "  Acaba and his crewmates recorded high-resolution video and photographs of recent wildfires in Colorado and Utah . " The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Firefighters have new technology to put out flames before they spread Tech like infrared sensors is n't new , but greatly improved by the Internet Planes allow for remote monitoring of wildfire situations , drones used in catastrophes Organizations like NASA and NOAA are collaborating to monitor nature from space
Washington  CNN  -- Another brick is falling from the Bush administration 's highly touted "  virtual wall " that was intended to keep illegal immigrants from entering the United States . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said Tuesday she will take $ 50 million in federal stimulus money away from the Secure Border Initiative , also known as SBInet , and spend it on proven , off-the-shelf technology to protect U.S. borders . As originally envisioned , SBInet was to give the United States control of its borders through a system of movable surveillance towers , high-tech sensors , radars , cameras and communication relays that would give Customs and Border Protection agents the ability to see and respond to intruders . But the system , which is being developed by Boeing , has come under withering criticism from the Government Accountability Office and others who say that it has been riddled with problems . Napolitano said the SBInet has been "  plagued with cost overruns and missed deadlines . " She said she is freezing all other SBInet funding beyond money being spent on a 53-mile stretch of border in Arizona until a re-assessment of the project she ordered in January is completed . "  Not only do we have an obligation to secure our borders , we have a responsibility to do so in the most cost effective way possible , " Napolitano said in a statement . Last year , Napolitano announced that $ 50 million in stimulus funding would be spent to accelerate deployment of SBInet 's surveillance technology and associated command and control technologies . But a homeland security official said DHS is opting to reallocate the money to something the department believes will be more effective at providing border security . Napolitano said Tuesday the money will be spent on commercially available technology , including mobile surveillance , thermal imaging devices , ultra-light detection , backscatter  full body image  units , mobile radios , cameras and laptops for pursuit vehicles and remote video surveillance system enhancements . Rep. Bennie G. Thompson , D-Mississippi , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , said SBInet has been a "  grave and expensive disappointment . " "  Today 's announcement is recognition that this troubled program needs better management and stronger oversight , " he said Tuesday .	Secure Border Initiative funds will be diverted to proven technology SBInet was intended to help Customs and Border Protection agents respond to intruders Napolitano says SBInet has been "  plagued with cost overruns and missed deadlines "
Washington  CNN  -- The stakes of the stalemate are high -- and climbing . The partial government shutdown will enter its 14th day Monday , just three days before the U.S. government bumps up against its projected borrowing limit . Talks both on ending the shutdown and on avoiding the debt ceiling have shifted to the Senate , as Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , along with other top senators , began discussions this weekend . The Senate reconvened Sunday afternoon , with Reid saying he would do "  everything I can throughout the day " to reach some sort of bargain with the chamber 's Republican minority . But a source familiar with the ongoing Senate discussions expressed doubt that any significant progress would be made Sunday evening . And the Senate adjourned shortly before 5 p.m. ET , showing no signs of such progress . Still , Reid struck a positive note as he spoke on the Senate floor . "  I 've had a productive conversation with the Republican leader this afternoon . Our discussions were substantive and we 'll continue those discussions . I 'm optimistic about the prospects for a positive conclusion , " he said . The Senate will meet again Monday at 2 p.m. ET . Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , said earlier that a bipartisan group of senators was still trying to hash out a plan acceptable to both sides . "  We had 12 people meet yesterday , but just last night I had two more Democrats and a Republican contact me to offer suggestions and say they want to be part of our group , " she said on CNN 's State of the Union . "  It 's taken far too long . We never should be in this situation , " she added . "  But I do believe there 's going to be a resolution this week . " Likewise , Sen. Dick Durbin , the Democratic whip , said he thinks that Congress will ultimately get the job done . "  I 'm a hopeful person . I believe we can do it . I hope sensible people prevail , because at this point , it 's not just a shutdown and all of the damage it 's caused , but if we default on our debt , it will have a dramatic impact on the savings account , on the retirement account of average Americans , " Durbin , of Illinois , said on NBC 's "  Meet The Press . " On the other side of the aisle , Sen. Rob Portman , R-Ohio , said he too thinks Congress will find a way out of the crisis before Thursday , when the United States hits the debt ceiling . "  We will have decided as a Congress that we need to avoid going over the debt limit , and we 'll figure it out . And it will probably be a relatively short-term solution , " Portman said . A weekend of rejections Computer failure temporarily halts some food stamp payments But while senators ' comments and reports of talks were positive , the only actions over the weekend involved one "  no " after another . -- Reid said Saturday that the plan Collins was assembling is no longer on the table , because it treated reopening the government as a "  concession . " Reid continues to demand that any plan include a "  clean " bill , one that raises the debt limit and reopens the government with no strings attached . -- Republicans blocked a measure to extend the debt limit with no strings attached , refusing to support a procedural vote that would have brought it to the Senate floor . -- House Republican leaders said President Barack Obama rejected their proposal for a six-week extension of the federal debt ceiling . -- Meanwhile , Republicans objected to the prospect being floated over the weekend that the forced spending cuts known as sequestration , which have cut deeply into federal operations since March , might be rolled back under any eventual deal . Reid said that proposal "  is not anything that came from us . " The Treasury Department says it will be unable to pay the government 's bills unless the debt limit is increased by Thursday . The partial shutdown of government services has been in effect since October 1 . And Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tennessee , told "  Fox News Sunday " that the momentum that seemed to be building last week toward a resolution has stalled . "  I do think we will see our way through this , but the last 24 hours have not been good , " he said . Christine Lagarde , head of the International Monetary Fund , said Saturday the consequences of a failure to raise the debt limit would be dire for economies around the world . She spoke to CNN 's Richard Quest at an Institute of International Finance conference in Washington . "  You know , I 've just spent the last two days with representatives of about 188 countries around the world . I would n't say they are confident . I would say they are concerned , and they are very anxious to see this crisis resolved , because they know it 's going to impact on their economy , " Lagarde said . Supporters stand by representatives and government shutdown 7 crazy side effects from the shutdown Obama spoke by phone with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi on Sunday to discuss the ongoing battle over the shutdown , the White House said . The two agreed on the need for a "  clean debt limit increase " and a "  clean continuing resolution to open up the government and end the shutdown . " Mindful that October 17 is just days away , House Republican leaders are considering all of their options even as Republican and Democratic Senate leaders try to craft a deal on the debt ceiling , a GOP leadership aide , speaking on the condition of anonymity , told CNN . One option Republican leaders are considering is sending back a measure to the Senate that would increase the debt limit ; exactly what it would contain is unknown at this time . But the aide noted that the House is able to move quicker than the Senate , and this idea could come into play . If a decision were made to pursue this idea , then it would require Democratic support to pass in the House . Senate Democrats meet with president Senate Democrats met with Obama for 75 minutes Saturday afternoon , and a Senate Democratic leadership aide said the party is unified . "  Democrats are willing to negotiate on anything Republicans want to discuss as soon as we reopen the government and pay our bills , " said the aide . Another Democratic source said party leaders regard Republicans as lacking a coherent position . They hope McConnell can "  cut through the clutter , " the source told CNN 's Dana Bash . The sources , who are familiar with the talks , spoke on the condition of anonymity so they could speak candidly . Despite the lack of agreement , Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , said progress was being made . "  I think our Republican colleagues are moving in our direction with the fact that Obamacare is not a major part of the discussion anymore among most all Senate and many House Republicans , " he said . Will 2014 election solve anything ? Even as he demanded a "  clean " bill , Reid said he and McConnell are involved in "  cordial " and "  preliminary " discussions . "  I hope that our talking is some solace to the American people and the world , " Reid said . He said McConnell had approached him . "  This has n't happened until now , " Reid said . Paul Ryan steps into budget fight Conservatives defiant in the face of GOP troubles CNN 's Dana Ford , Greg Clary , Deirdre Walsh , Dana Bash , Mark Preston , Chelsea J. Carter , Dan Merica , Brianna Keilar and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : The partial government shutdown is set to enter its 14th day Monday NEW : Reid says on the Senate floor he feels "  optimistic " about prospects for a resolution NEW : The Senate adjourns , showing no signs of significant progress The Treasury says the United States bumps up against its borrowing limit Thursday
CNN  -- Wondering how to get the most of your smartphone camera ? Is there more to mobile photography than filters to make your pictures look better than they really are ? Multimedia journalist and iPhone street photographer Richard Koci Hernandez recently joined the CNN iReport community on Facebook for a chat about how to become a better smartphone photographer . "  People do not understand the unbelievable opportunity that mobile photography is giving photographers , " Hernandez said . "  It 's a golden age . " Hernandez offered these tips : 1 . It 's all about the light . "  Photographing in the right light -- early morning or late evening -- has the potential to make the most ` boring ' situation into a spectacular one ! " 2 . Never use the mobile zoom . "  It 's terrible and the first step to an unsuccessful image . If you want to get close , zoom with your feet ! Get close and your images improve , " he said . 3 . Lock your exposure and focus . Your photos will improve 100 % , Hernandez said . "  With the default camera app , you can tap and hold on the screen to set where you want your exposure and focus . Once the box "  blinks , " it 's locked . You can also use other apps like ProCamera to separately set and lock the exposure and focus . 4 . Silence your inner critic . "  See if you can go one day of shooting every time your inner voice says , ` I 'd like to take a picture . ' " 5 . Edit , edit edit . Restrain yourself from sharing everything . Post only the best , and your audience will grow . "  We do n't need to see all 10,000 of your ugly children , " he said . "  I try and pick my least ugly . it 's hard to choose and very personal . " 6 . Technical proficiency is overrated . "  Exercise your power of observation . Learn to look and see deeply . " 7 . Filters do n't replace a good eye . "  You still need the basics . Look for the moment and light and subject . If you choose to add a sepia , black and white or other nostalgic or creative filter later -LSB- with an app such as Instagram or Hipstamatic -RSB- , that 's OK , but remember lipstick on a pig , it 's still a pig . " And if it 's for journalism , he added , "  then it needs to be unfiltered . " 8 . Shoot from the hip for better candids . "  Hold the phone about waist-level and tap away . Your friends and family will not know what you 're doing . Be sneaky about it . The moment they know you 're shooting , the images become less candid . You 'll get a lot more bad shots , but when you get a good one , you 'll want to hang it on the wall ! " 9 . Give yourself assignments and deadlines . Take 20 images of one thing from different angles . You 'll begin to see the world differently , even if it 's just walking around the bowl of fruit on your kitchen table and observing how the light falls on it from different angles . 10 . You have to know what you want to see before you can see it . "  Make a list of things you want to photograph today and find them ! If you know my work , then you know the No. 1 thing on my list are men in fedoras ! Or any hat for that matter ! " 11 . Study other photographers . "  I spend an unhealthy amount of time looking at images . It 's the only way to get better , in my humble opinion . My favorites are Roy Decarava , so happy we discovered Viviam Maier , and on Instagram , a dude named Daniel Arnold out of New York is just killing it ! " 12 . Always be ready . "  You want to make sure that when your mind and heart says ` shoot , ' you have no excuses , like , Oh , my camera was in my purse , pocket , or , gasp , your camera was n't around . It 's one of the main reasons I love mobile photography -- my camera is always with me . "	iPhone photographer Richard Koci Hernandez shares 12 tips Filters do n't substitute for good photography , he says Shoot from the hip to get better candids Give yourself assignments and deadlines
CNN  -- A confluence of a hankering for fried chicken and hard times in the smuggling business means buckets of KFC are showing up on tables in Gaza . The idea to get the American fast-food staple into the hands of hungry Gazans came from al-Yamama , a food delivery service that opened in the Palestinian territory a few years ago , according to The Christian Science Monitor . When employees last month had a taste for some finger-lickin ' good stuff , they called a friend just over the Gaza border in al-Arish , Egypt , and asked him to order some up . He did so and sent it to Gaza through one of the hundreds of tunnels under the Gaza-Egypt border used to get goods into Gaza prohibited by Israeli restrictions , things such as weapons and cars . The transfer of fried chicken from Egypt to Gaza took three hours , not exactly fast food , but good enough for a territory where there are no Western fast-food franchises , according to the Monitor report . Their appetites sated , "  We asked ourselves , ` Why do n't we provide this service for Gazans ? ' " Mohammed al-Madani , the financial manager of al-Yamama , told the Monitor . Besides satisfying the cravings for chicken , the underground not-so-fast food service proves a point , Khalil Efrangi , an entrepreneur who started al-Yamama , told The New York Times . "  I accepted this challenge to prove that Gazans can be resilient despite the restrictions , " the Times quoted him as saying . For the tunnel operators , fast food may help out with hard economic times . Israel has relaxed its embargo on Gaza , so more goods are getting through legitimately . And Egypt cracked down on the tunnels after 16 of its soldiers were killed in a raid on them last year , the Monitor reported . So lower demand means lower prices . "  Bringing some meals like these would cost $ 200 or more three years ago , but now they do n't even cost $ 20 , " tunnel operator Abu Iyad told the Monitor . A bucket of chicken goes for about $ 30 in Gaza , about three times the price in Egypt , according to the media reports . Besides the chicken , fries , coleslaw and apple pie are available , according to the Times . Al-Yamama promotes the service on its Facebook page and usually makes the runs under the border when it can get 30 or so orders to make things worthwhile , the Times reported . And even if the chicken 's a bit cold and the fries somewhat soggy , customers apparently are n't complaining . Eating KFC "  has been a dream , " Rafat Shororo told the Monitor . "  And this company has made my dream come true . " Gazan runners barred from Bethlehem marathon	Imports to Gaza under Israeli restrictions There reportedly are no Western fast-food franchises in Gaza Chicken smuggling helps tunnel operator through hard times , report says Smuggling costs triple price of chicken , according to report
CNN  -- A bug in Apple 's mobile operating system allows hackers to take control of iPhone and iPad apps , using them to steal people 's photos , contacts and even send text messages without the device 's user knowing about it , according to a notable computer security researcher . Charlie Miller , a researcher at Accuvant and one of the world 's best-known Apple hackers , said Tuesday that the bug proves the Apple App Store is n't as safe as advertised . "  Until now , you could just blindly trust and download as many apps as you wanted and not worry about it , " Miller said in an interview with CNN . "  But until they fix this , you really should think twice about any apps you 're downloading , because they could be malicious . " Miller said he alerted Apple to the bug three weeks ago and the company told him a fix was in the works . Apple did not respond to CNN 's request for comment on the apparent security flaw , which Miller explains in detail on YouTube . He plans to show people how the bug works at an upcoming computer security conference in Taiwan , called SyScan . To date , he has not released details that would allow hackers to take advantage of the apparent security flaw , and he said he has no evidence that hackers have used the hole to manipulate iPhones and iPads . Miller says he has exposed the bug to prevent a hacker with bad intentions from taking advantage of iPhone and iPad owners . As thanks for that work , he said , Apple banned him from the iOS developer program for a year . "  I think it 's pretty rude , " he said . "  If you think about what I 'm doing -- I 'm pointing out a flaw that would affect everybody and that the bad guys could use to install malware  malicious software  . And they 're not paying me , I 'm just doing it to be nice . " He did upload an app , called Instastock , which was armed with this capability , he said . That app only was capable of hurting his own devices , he said , and was uploaded to the App Store to test the bug . "  It 's not evil or bad or anything , " he said . "  It never even downloads code and runs it unless I run it . " It since has been removed from the App Store . If hackers found the security flaw , he said , any iOS app could be compromised in a way that malicious code could be installed through the app and onto the device . "  It could grab your address book and ship it off to the bad guy , " he said . "  It could grab all your photos and ship them off to a bad guy . " That 's a big deal for Apple 's App Store , he said , since until now , that online marketplace for iPhone and iPad programs had been free of malicious software . Apple checks each app before it 's approved for sale at the App Store , which allows the company to keep bugs out . This hack could take advantage of a flaw in that checking system to compromise any app , Miller said . He said that essentially reduces the App Store 's security to that of the Google Android Market , since Google does n't screen apps in the way Apple does . But overall , the App Store is still safer than the Android Market , Miller said . "  It 's totally just a blip , " he said of the security hole . "  I 'm very happy with the way  Apple has  designed the system to prevent malware . It 's really the ideal situation . " He added : "  It 's a very safe environment except for this . It just shows that you 've never completely safe . "	Researcher : iOS flaw raises questions about App Store 's security The security hole could let hackers steal photos , contacts and send texts , he says Charlie Miller , the researcher , is one of the most prominent Apple hackers Miller says he alerted Apple to the bug three weeks ago
Bishkek , Kyrgyzstan  CNN  -- The chief of staff of the interim Kyrgyz government , which took over after President Kurmanbek Bakiev fled the capital , accused the president Friday of stealing the country 's money when he left . "  The state coffers are almost empty , " Edil Baisalov told CNN . "  Some funds have been transferred somewhere , which is why we 've frozen the banking system , because we are anxious that the banks controlled by the former President Bakiev might take the funds out of the country . " Baisalov said all that 's left in the country 's bank accounts is the equivalent of 16 million euros  $ 21.5 million  . Government officials in Kyrgyzstan had earlier declared Friday and Saturday days of mourning as relatives began burying victims of anti-government riots that killed 76 and forced the president to flee the capital . At the same time , criminal charges were brought against Bakiev 's two sons , as well as his brother , who used to be the chief of security , acting Prosecutor-General Baytemir Ibrayev said . It is believed the president 's brother gave orders to open fire on the demonstrators , he said . Criminal charges also have been brought against the mayor of Bishkek , Ibrayev said . More details about the charges were n't immediately clear . Overnight , hundreds of men joined vigilante groups to help fight looters in Bishkek , the Kyrgyz capital . At least 60 people were injured in the clashes overnight Thursday , none of them seriously , the Health Ministry said . Another 520 people have been hospitalized since the protests started Tuesday , officials said . Sporadic bursts of machine-gun fire and police sirens rang out through the night Thursday . It was not immediately clear where the shooting was , but police said looting remained a challenge . Local health authorities reported Friday that the death toll from the riots had increased by one , to 76 , because a person in critical condition died . Bakiev , who fled to his stronghold in the south of the country , said he was not giving up power despite claims by a former foreign minister that she was in charge . "  Realizing my responsibilities as president of the Kyrgyz republic , I am confident the country where the government comes to power through blood can lose its statehood , " Bakiev said in a statement posted on 24 . kg , a well known Kyrgyz Web site . "  I am urging the instigators of the riots to think again . I am stating that , as president , I did not abandon my duties , and I am not abandoning my duties . Irresponsible actions of the opposition could only cause more escalation of tensions . " Former Foreign Minister Roza Otunbayeva declared herself the country 's interim leader Thursday and said the opposition had taken over the reins of government and driven Bakiev from office . Otunbayeva said at a news conference that the former president was in the south of the country with his entourage . Opposition leaders had accused Bakiev of consolidating power by keeping key economic and security posts in the hands of relatives or close associates . The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe sent a special envoy to Kyrgyzstan , who met Friday with interim Deputy Foreign Minister Nurlan Aytmurzaev to talk about ways to restore stability , the OSCE said . The envoy , Zhanybek Karibzhanov , said he was discussing "  the situation on the ground , how public safety , stability and respect for citizens ' rights can be urgently restored and ensured , and how we in the OSCE can contribute to the process . " The OSCE and United Nations have expressed concern about the situation in Kyrgyzstan , a Central Asian country on China 's far western border . The protests began Tuesday in the northern city of Talas . They were sparked by increases in electricity and fuel rates , which had gone up at the first of the year as Bakiev 's government sold public utilities to companies controlled by his friends . Demonstrations spread to the capital Wednesday after the government arrested opposition leaders in Talas . Kyrgyzstan , a former Soviet republic , houses the Manas Transit Center that forms an important link in the supply line for United States and NATO forces in nearby Afghanistan . The new government denied reports that it was planning to shut down the air base , but said it intends to review the issue . In Washington , a senior Pentagon official told CNN that the turmoil had interrupted flights into and out of that facility . Normal flight operations resumed Friday afternoon , but by the evening , military passenger transport flights were temporarily diverted , said Maj. John Redfield , a spokesman for U.S. Central Command . He did n't say when the flights would resume . "  Decisions on conducting other , non-passenger-related flight operations from the base will be made on a case-by-case basis , " he said . Some U.S. Embassy personnel and their families were temporarily relocated to Manas , the U.S. Department of State announced Friday . The department advised U.S. citizens in the country to avoid large gatherings and stay indoors . Those who can not find safe shelter should contact the embassy , the department said . The United States has closed its embassy in Bishkek , a senior State Department official said Thursday . "  We have concerns about the situation on the ground , " U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Thursday . Crowley said the United States is not taking sides . "  Our interest here is with the people of Kyrgyzstan and a peaceful resolution of the situation , " Crowley said . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Chief of staff of interim government accuses president of raiding state coffers Death toll from riots rises to 76 ; president 's brother , 2 sons , Bishkek mayor charged Government declares Friday , Saturday days of mourning as vigilante groups form At least 60 people injured in clashes Thursday night , Health Ministry says
The undersea mapping of the main search area for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has found small parts of the ocean floor that are harder than the surrounding rock , but the objects detected are unlikely to be man-made , Australian authorities said Friday . Ships have been surveying tens of thousands of square kilometers of the bottom of the southern Indian Ocean as search officials prepare for the next phase of the hunt for the passenger jet , which disappeared nearly six months ago with 239 people on board . The mapping is necessary because the area of ocean , far off the Western Australian coast , is so remote that its depth and seafloor terrain were largely unknown before the search for the plane drew attention to it . The maps will help the search crews as they deploy underwater vehicles and scanning devices to look for wreckage from Flight 370 . The search efforts in the 60,000-square-kilometer priority zone are expected to begin this month and last up to a year . Australian geoscientists have been analyzing the data gathered during the mapping survey , in part to gauge the hardness of the ocean floor -- whether it 's hard rock , soft rock or silt . "  We have detected a number of areas where there are small areas that are relatively harder than the surrounding rock . There 's multiple detections of this sort , " said Martin Dolan , chief commissioner of the Australian Transport Safety Bureau , which is overseeing the underwater search . "  It 's unlikely to be a man-made object , much more likely to be a geological formation , " Dolan told CNN . "  Nevertheless , we will feed all this information into our overall planning of our search of the priority areas for the location of MH370 . " Dolan first referred to the hard areas of the ocean floor in comments reported by The Times of London . The areas are inside the priority search zone , he told CNN , but he was n't able to say how big they were . Adjustments to search area Dolan also said Friday that search officials are likely to make adjustments to the main search zone once their team of international experts has finished refining its analysis of satellite data related to the missing plane . "  We may end up with some areas that extend beyond the priority orange zone , " he said , referring to the area where officials have said MH370 is most likely to have gone down . Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said last week that areas in the southern part of the search zone may be of particular interest . The revised analysis is based on an improved understanding of how a ground station in Australia was handling the satellite signal 's frequency , Dolan said Friday . "  We remain fully committed to finding the missing aircraft , and although it 's taken us a long time to get there , we 're at a point where we 've completed almost all the planning work and can move to the operation phase of the underwater search , " he said . The search is scheduled to start late this month , and all the assets involved will be operational in early October . Flight 370 dropped off radar on March 8 , en route from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , to Beijing . No debris of the Boeing 777 has been found , and officials do n't know why it flew off course . After it lost radar contact , the plane continued to communicate periodically with a satellite system , providing experts with data they say shows it flew south into the Indian Ocean .	Mapping of the search zone has detected particularly hard areas of seafloor But these areas are "  unlikely " to be man-made objects , a senior Australian official says They are "  much more likely to be a geological formation , " he says Officials probably will make adjustments to the priority search area
Four years ago it was Shakira telling the world to "  Waka Waka " ahead of South Africa 2010 . Now , with Brazil 2014 just months away , FIFA has announced U.S. artist Pitbull will team up with Jennifer Lopez for "  We Are One  Ola Ola  , " the official song of this year 's World Cup . The duo will team up with Brazilian star Claudia Leitte to perform at the tournament 's opening ceremony ahead of the host 's first match with Croatia on Sao Paulo June 12 . "  I am very happy and thrilled to represent my country at the FIFA World Cup alongside these two amazing artists who I admire and respect , " Leitte said in a statement . "  I love sharing my culture and country to people through music . The FIFA World Cup is one of the biggest events on the planet , and I look forward to dancing samba with Pitbull and Jennifer Lopez in Brazil -- we are one ! " American artist Pit Bull , who has previously worked with the likes of Christina Aguilera and Enrique Iglesias , spoke of his joy at being involved in the project . "  I 'm honored to join Jennifer Lopez and Claudia Leitte at the FIFA World Cup to bring the world together , " said Pitbull . "  I truly believe that this great game and the power of music will help unify us , because we are best when we are one . " The World Cup song has been a tradition since the 1966 World Cup in England , when a song dedicated to tournament mascot , a lion named "  World Cup Willie " , was released .	Pitbull to team up with Jennifer Lopez and Claudia Leitte for official World Cup song The single is called "  We are One  Ola Ola  and was written by the U.S. rapper Shakira 's "  Waka Waka " was the song for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa
CNN  Beyonce had quite the play-date set for her daughter Blue Ivy -- a baby tiger , during their trip to Thailand . The Carter-Knowles clan 's glamorous visit to Thailand during the holidays is well documented on Beyonce 's Instagram page , but it 's a fan photo of the family posing with a baby tiger that 's not sitting well with an animal rights organization and critics . The photo shows Beyonce petting the baby tiger while it 's being bottle fed at the Phuket FantaSea theme park , with hubby Jay Z and Blue Ivy looking on . "  Tourists like Beyoncé are often unaware of the cruelty tigers suffer for these tourist attractions , " said World Animal Protection in a statement , "  The tigers used for these photos are often forcibly removed from their mothers to be fed artificially by tourists . They are also crammed into tiny cages or chained to the floor for long periods . " Beyonce and Jay Z are n't the first to be blasted for posing with a tiger . A recent New York State bill bans people from posing for photos while hugging , patting or touching tigers . The bill was introduced after men posing with wild cats became a trend on dating apps like Tinder and OKCupid , which even produced a Tumblr that collected photos of men posing with Tigers . Beyonce 's elephant ride during the trip also came under criticism , with the organization One Green Planet reminding the singer of the "  incredible amount of suffering involved in Thai elephant tourism . " The PETA Foundation would like to see all tourists avoid visiting parks where animals are held in captivity . "  We 're sure that the Carters , like many unsuspecting tourists , would be horrified to learn that baby elephants and tigers propped up for photo ops are typically torn away from their mothers , violently beaten by trainers , and deprived of everything natural and important to them , " PETA Foundation deputy general counsel Delcianna Winders said in a statement to CNN . "  And the issues facing exotic animals do n't stop in Thailand , of course . Roadside zoos and captive-wildlife breeders in the U.S. subject animals to the same abuses . PETA encourages all caring people to enjoy nature with their families in ways that leave captive animals out of the picture . " CNN reached out to Beyonce for a statement .	Beyonce pet a tiger in Thailand while her daughter and husband looked on Animal rights groups are saying those animals are sometimes mistreated The singer also was taken to task for riding an elephant during the trip
Coalinga , California  CNN  -- A California state panel on Wednesday denied parole for Sirhan B. Sirhan , saying the convicted assassin of Robert F. Kennedy has n't demonstrated an understanding of the "  magnitude " of his crimes . Commissioner Mike Prizmich of the California Board of Parole Hearings told Sirhan that he failed to meet the state 's criteria for suitability for parole and added that he failed to seek self-help program and his behavoir was immature . In response , Sirhan sought to interrupt Prizmich , who admonished the inmate . Prizmich , however , said Sirhan would be eligible for parole again in five years . "  At this hearing , you 're interrupting me time and time again , demonstrating a lack of control and impulsitivity , " Prizmich told Sirhan . Sirhan made his first appearance before a California parole board since 2000 , supported by two psychologists ' reports saying he no longer poses a threat to society , his attorney said . "  While Sirhan Sirhan 's statements at his parole hearing will likely be the source of continuing public interest due to the infamous nature of the crime , there is little he can say that is likely to sway the parole board and convince them that he deserves to be released from prison , " said Robert Mintz , a former federal prosecutor . Weisel , who shared with CNN his prepared statement to the parole board , said he was hit by a stray bullet in the abdomen "  on that terrible evening " a quarter past midnight on June 5 , 1968 , after Kennedy had just won the California primary in his bid for the Democratic presidential nomination . Now 73 , Weisel , of Healdsburg , California , was an ABC News associate director at the time of the shooting . "  I 'm advised that two reputable psychologists , one representing the state of California and the other from Harvard University , have concluded , after examining him -- Sirhan Sirhan -- that if he is granted parole , he would not be a threat to himself and others , and the community at large . If this is a fact and the board is inclined to grant him parole after him being in prison for nearly 43 years , I would not be opposed to the decision , " Weisel said in a telephone interview with CNN . Dahle declined to comment on Weisel 's statement or on the psychologists ' reports to the parole board , but he said Weisel 's scheduled appearance would mark the first time during Sirhan 's imprisonment that a surviving witness voiced no objection to his possible parole -- at least since 1970 . Prior to 1970 , "  there 's no record of the proceedings and I do n't know if anyone showed up , " Dahle said . "  It 's fairly unusual . It 's not common , " Dahle added with respect to victims attending a parole hearing and not objecting to the prisoner being released . "  We do n't get many , at least in cases in Los Angeles County -- where we get victims or victims ' next of kin coming to cases . It 's an expensive proposition . " Wednesday will mark Sirhan 's 14th parole hearing . It 's scheduled to be held in the Pleasant Valley State Prison in Coalinga , California , which is 200 miles northwest of downtown Los Angeles . Members of the Kennedy family and their representatives did n't return messages or e-mails seeking a comment . Sirhan 's attorney , William Pepper , an international human rights attorney and a barrister with offices in New York and London , said he and Sirhan were "  very grateful " for Weisel 's statement . Sirhan was convicted of killing Kennedy and wounding five other people in the shooting in the kitchen pantry of the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles . The hotel was later razed and a public school now occupies the site . He was convicted of first-degree murder and five counts of assault with attempt to commit murder . Four of those five surviving victims are alive , including Weisel . The others are Paul Schrade , a Kennedy family friend and former UAW Union regional leader ; Ira Goldstein , a former radio journalist ; and Elizabeth Y. Evans , a friend of the late Pierre Salinger . A Palestinian Christian who was born in Jerusalem and whose parents brought him and his siblings to America in the 1950s , Sirhan killed Kennedy because of statements the New York senator made about the United States sending fighter jets to aid Israel , prosecutors argued during Sirhan 's 1969 trial . In 1968 , Senator Kennedy , who was a younger brother of assassinated President John F. Kennedy , is whose administration he also served as attorney general , was a leading contender for the Democratic presidential nomination against Vice President Hubert Humphrey and Sen. Eugene McCarthy . Kennedy was shot only minutes after a hotel ballroom speech televised live to American household , in which he claimed victory over McCarthy in the California primary . The shooting , in the hotel 's kitchen pantry , was not captured by any cameras . Sirhan was the only person arrested in the shooting . Sirhan has Jordanian citizenship but never became a U.S. citizen , so if the parole board were to release him , he would be deemed an illegal immigrant and deported to Jordan , where he has extended family , his attorney said . Sirhan 's younger brother , Munir , 63 , continues to live in the southern California community where the Sirhan family siblings were raised , Munir Sirhan said . Sirhan Sirhan "  has maintained a good relationship with his brother and he would love to live with this brother in Pasadena , but that 's very unlikely because of his immigration status , " Pepper said . Daniel Brown , an associate clinical professor in psychology at Harvard Medical School , has submitted a statement to the parole board after interviewing Sirhan for 60 hours over a three-year period , Pepper said . "  The report is part of a sealed file , but I can say that Sirhan does not have any violent tendency that should be regarded as a threat to the community , " Pepper said . Brown 's report "  confirms Sirhan 's legitimacy of the loss of his memory , " including in the pantry during the shooting and in moments of his life in the year prior to the Kennedy slaying , Pepper said . "  Sirhan has at various times taken responsibility  for the Robert Kennedy assassination  , but the actual fact is that he does n't remember what happened in the pantry at all . But because everyone around there told him he did it and he had a pistol and he did fire that pistol , he came to believe that he was actually guilty , " Pepper said . Sirhan shows no sign of mental illness and has demonstrated remorse for the shootings , Pepper said . Sirhan has been "  free of any disciplinary rulings against him " in prison , Pepper said . "  He 's said no day of his life goes by where he does n't have remorse and deep regret that this took place and the role he played in this thing , " Pepper said . "  He 's not schizophrenic or psychotic , and he has not shown any history of violence during incarceration . " Pepper said he became Sirhan 's pro bono attorney in the fall of 2007 after he learned of the results of an audio analysis conducted on a sound track of the Kennedy shooting . The audio recording , made 40 feet away from the crime scene by free-lance newspaper reporter Stanislaw Pruszynski , is the only known recording of the gunshots in that June 1968 assassination . Pepper said he believes the Pruszynski recording is evidence showing that there was a second gun firing in addition to Sirhan 's Iver-Johnson handgun . The tape was uncovered in 2004 by CNN 's Brad Johnson , who had the recording independently examined by two audio analysts , Spence Whitehead in Atlanta , Georgia , and Philip Van Praag in Tucson , Arizona . Johnson reported on their separate findings for CNN 's Backstory in June 2009 . But the parole board wo n't hear arguments on the second-gun evidence , Pepper said . Rather , the parole panel will focus on Sirhan 's suitability for parole , he said . The Pruszynski recording "  clearly showed that 13 shots were fired in the pantry , and Sirhan 's gun had only eight shots , so it definitely means there was a second shooter , " Pepper said . But Weisel , joined by authorities who have dismissed the second-gun assertion , said he was convinced that Sirhan was a lone gunman . "  I 've seen so many theories after 43 years . Please -- I think you can have a conspiracy in a dictatorship and some countries , but I do n't think so in a democracy or our country where there is freedom of speech , " Weisel said . However , another shooting victim sees it differently than Weisel : Schrade . He is a Kennedy friend who was shot in the forehead while standing immediately behind Robert Kennedy in the pantry . In 2008 , Schrade , now 86 , told CNN that he believes evidence clearly shows Sirhan was not the only person who fired shots in that assassination . "  We have proof that the second shooter was behind us and off to our right . Sirhan was off to the left and in front of us , " Schrade told CNN anchor Adrian Finighan . Schrade declined to comment to CNN this week about Wednesday 's scheduled parole hearing for Sirhan . In a 2006 interview on CNN 's Larry King Live , Weisel recounted how Kennedy and he were shot . "  Well , I was right behind Bobby . We were following him to go downstairs and speak to another group of people . And I was going with our cameraman down to show him where to plug in . And so we followed Bobby , and the shooting started , " Weisel said . He said after Kennedy was struck three times , he was shot once in the stomach . Dahle , the deputy district attorney , said Sirhan was n't present at his last two parole hearings , in 2003 and 2006 , which Dahle attended . Pepper said he was chairman of Kennedy 's citizens campaign in Westchester County , New York , during his successful 1964 bid for the U.S. Senate , and Pepper 's duties included taking Kennedy 's sisters and mother to political events . He said he was also a volunteer in the successful 1960 presidential campaign of Kennedy 's brother , John Kennedy . In 1999 , Pepper represented the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King 's family in a wrongful death lawsuit concerning King 's April 4 , 1968 , murder and successfully persuaded a Memphis , Tennessee , jury to find Lloyd Jowers responsible as an accomplice in the King assassination . If Sirhan is denied parole , Pepper said he would consider appealing the matter to the courts . Sirhan was initially sentenced to death , but three years later that sentence was commuted by California courts to life imprisonment plus six months to 14 years in prison , to run concurrently .	Sirhan Sirhan will not be eligible for parole again for five years Two psychologists ' reports say Sirhan poses no threat to society , his attorney says Sirhan , 66 , is serving a life sentence for the 1968 slaying of Robert Kennedy
London  CNN  -- Police in northern England were called to investigate this week after children who were out trick-or-treating for Halloween were given small snap-top bags of what turned out to be cocaine . The bags , containing white powder , were given to police after they were handed to the children Wednesday evening in the small town of Royton , Greater Manchester Police said in a statement . Testing confirmed that they contained cocaine , and a man was arrested . Donald Junior Green , 23 , has been charged with drug possession and is due before a magistrates ' court in Oldham , near Manchester , on Friday . A 21-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of drug possession and was later released without charge , police said . Police Superintendent Catherine Hankinson said : "  The parents and police acted quickly when this report was made , in the interests of public safety . "  We understand this to be an isolated incident . "	Police were alerted after children were given small bags of white powder They were out trick-or-treating in the town of Royton , near Manchester A 23-year-old man is due in court Friday charged with drug offenses "  We understand this to be an isolated incident , " police superintendent says
Kayla Michelle Finley may be wishing that services such as Netflix and Amazon Prime had been around a little earlier . The South Carolina woman spent a night in jail last week for failing to return a video she rented -- in 2005 . It was a VHS tape . Of a Jennifer Lopez movie . Finley , 27 , was arrested Thursday in Pickens County , South Carolina , on a misdemeanor charge of failure to return the video , according to CNN affiliate WYFF-TV . The movie , "  Monster-In-Law , " starring Lopez and Jane Fonda as a feuding potential daughter - and mother-in-law , was rented from a video store , Dalton Videos , that is now out of business . The WYFF report says Finley was at the county sheriff 's office on another matter when an active warrant for her arrest was discovered . Chief Deputy Creed Hashe told the station that the store 's owner had asked a Pickens County judge for the warrant years ago when Finley did n't return her video . Hashe said Finley had been sent several certified letters asking her to turn herself in . Finley spent the night in jail because her bond hearing could n't be held until Friday morning . A judge released her on $ 2,000 bond . Efforts to reach out to Finley via social media were unsuccessful early Monday . But a woman identifying herself as Finley , and whose profile picture appeared similar to Finley 's mug shot , took to Fox Carolina News Facebook page on Saturday to defend herself . She said that after renting the movie she had to move out of state because of her husband 's job and that she simply forgot about it . "  I 'm no criminal , but Pickens County Sheriff 's office sure made me feel like I was , " she wrote . She said she never received any letters from the sheriff 's office , while striking back at people who had made negative comments on the Fox post . "  If I had , it would have been taken care of immediately , " she wrote . "  Some of you need to quit  judging  like you are . This is a bogus charge and everyone knows it . " For Finley , it 's no laughing matter . But that did n't stop folks online from commenting on the ridiculousness of it all . "  Oh god , I 'm so embarrassed , " wrote Twitter user Alec MacKinnon . "  Now everyone is going to know I rented ` Monster In Law . ' " "  They should sentence her to time already served , " wrote one CNN commenter . "  She 'll never get the 2 hours she spent watching that movie back . " Others were taking shots at what they felt was an overreaction by law enforcement . "  Wait till they find out that she forgot to REWIND the tape !!! " annother commenter wrote . The Pickens County Sheriff 's Office did not immediately return a call seeking comment .	A South Carolina woman was jailed overnight last week for not returning a 2005 video rental The video , "  Monster-In-Law , " was from a store that 's now out of business Woman on Facebook says she moved out of state after rental and forgot about it
CNN  -- At this point in my life , at the wizened age of 69 , I 've managed to run 123 marathons -- and I 'm happy to say I 'm still going strong . But things could have turned out differently for me . In fact , my first marathon was almost my last . It was 1981 . I was a pretty strong runner but had never really attempted that kind of distance before . A friend of mine challenged me to give the Detroit Marathon a try . I was young , cocky and pretty stupid . I trained only sporadically , went out way too fast at the start of the race and spent the last 10 miles feeling like I was going to die . By the time I finished , I had vowed never to run another marathon again -- and promptly ran my second one the following year , because I could n't resist the challenge of overcoming my mistakes and my conviction that I could do better . But I was lucky . Aside from being frustrated and overwhelmed , I easily could 've injured myself , which would have put an end to my running completely . Of course , my problems all started with not training properly , and if you 're serious about running , your first marathon training is key . But there are a million good training schedules out there , and at this point you 've probably seen most of them . What I 'd like to talk about is what you can do during the race to ensure your success -- not just so that you finish , but that you feel reasonably good doing it . Good enough that you 'll be back for more . Here are five things I 've learned since that first miserable experience : 1 . Pacing As I learned that first day , pacing is critical . Start slower than you think you need to go -- that initial adrenaline rush will make you want to go out at a sprint , but that will only drain you for the rest of the race . Bonus : A good way to figure out a healthy pace for your first marathon is to run a 10K at least a month in advance . Take your 10K time and multiply it by five . That should give you a pretty accurate predictor for your marathon time . So if you run a 55-minute 10K , shoot for a 4:35 marathon  275 minutes  . 2 . Walking Mixing walking with running is a great way to get through a marathon and still feel strong doing it . At each water station , try walking for 30 to 60 seconds . There usually is a water station at each mile . You 'll conserve your energy , and your finish time will actually improve . 3 . Talking I know this sounds crazy , but talking to other runners during a race can be really helpful . Keeping your mind off the pain is important , and engaging in conversation is a great way to do that . If you 're too out of breath to talk , you 're running too fast . Listening to music is another good way to stay focused , but in my experience is far less interesting . 4 . Stretching Stretching and warming up before a race is really important for preventing injury . There are many good stretching guides available on the Internet . I also highly recommend yoga . Of course , you ca n't do yoga during a race , but try to fit in one to two hours a week during training . Positions like Warrior pose or down dog increase strength and flexibility in your entire core , and running a marathon is n't just about your legs -- it 's about your whole body . 5 . Experimenting Do n't do it ! This sounds like common sense , but you do n't know how many runners I 've talked to who get a brilliant idea to try something completely different on the day of a marathon -- be it new shoes , socks , drinks or energy gels . For the big race , stick with the rituals and gear you know and trust . Save the new stuff for something easy , like a 5K . Happy running ! Stick with it , and I 'll see you in Boston .	Training is key when preparing for your first marathon , runner says Mixing walking and running is a good way to stay strong to the end John Farah recommends multiplying your 10K pace by 5 to get your goal time
CNN  -- It turned out to be a duel between the young , reigning world champion and a motorcycling racing legend . The former won . Marc Marquez held off Valentino Rossi to claim the opening MotoGP race of the season in Qatar on Sunday , picking up where he left off last year . That despite breaking his leg last month while dirt biking . Marquez took control in his Repsol Honda with nine of the 22 laps remaining but nine-time world champion Rossi caught him with two laps to go in his Yamaha . The lead changed hands a few times until Marquez led entering the final lap -- and Rossi could n't get close enough to pass him again . Repsol Honda 's Dani Pedrosa finished a distant third . "  I enjoyed a lot that race , especially after the injury , " Marquez told BT Sport . "  I did n't expect that race , honestly . But yesterday I had a good feeling and today the last lap with Valentino , I did n't think about the leg and the injury . "  The last lap I pushed my 100 % but not before we overtook each other two or three times . It was so nice , no ? " The 21-year-old , who lost his pole advantage seconds after the start , saved his fastest lap time for the end . But Rossi was n't too disappointed , especially since he began well behind on the grid . "  I was a little bit not precise in my mind because I said , ` What do I do ? Do I attack ? ' " Rossi told BT Sport . "  But starting from 10th , second is a great result . "  Marc was strong . I tried , tried and tried but at the end I was unfortunately a little bit too far  away  . "  I enjoyed the race very much . " Rossi 's teammate , Jorge Lorenzo , did n't . The two-time MotoGP world champion -- and last year 's winner in Qatar -- crashed in the first lap after a blistering start that saw him move to the front . He was unhurt . "  Luckily I feel good , " he told BT Sport . "  I lost the front . I made a junior mistake . " The second race of the season takes place April 13 in Austin .	Reigning world champion Marc Marquez wins the opening MotoGP race of season Marquez holds off nine-time world champion Valentino Rossi under the lights in Qatar Former world champion Jorge Lorenzo took the lead in the first lap before crashing Marquez 's teammate Dani Pedrosa moves up to take third place
London  CNN  -- Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , the son of Libya 's deposed leader Moammar Gadhafi , could go on trial "  within weeks or months , " the country 's interior minister said Sunday . The investigations into the death of Moammar Gadhafi after his capture last year could also be completed soon , Fawzy Abdilal said . Saif al-Islam 's case will be handed to the courts as soon as the prosecutor general completes his investigations , Abdilal told CNN in an exclusive interview . Separately , military trials of those who "  committed criminal acts under the Gadhafi regime " began Sunday in the city of Benghazi , National Transitional Council member Mohammed El Sayah said . He did not name those who were being tried , but said "  even civilians who had guns and fought under the Gadhafi regime " would be tried before military courts . Trials elsewhere in the country will start later , he said . Benghazi was the center of resistance to the Gadhafi regime last year . Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , once his father 's heir apparent , was captured in November and has been held in the Libyan city of Zintan since then . Human Rights Watch said after visiting Saif al-Islam in custody last year that he should have a lawyer , but Abdilal implied he had not asked for one . "  He may have a lawyer if he asks for a lawyer , " the interior minister said . "  Should Saif demand a lawyer , then a lawyer would be provided . " He also brushed aside accusations that authorities are torturing detainees under the new government . There are "  not systematic violations as there were under the Gadhafi regime , " he said , even as he conceded that "  there may be cases of individuals who take the law into their own hands . " "  There is no comparison whatsoever between the situation prevailing under Moammar Gadhafi and the situation now , " he said . Moammar Gadhafi was killed in October , two months after he was deposed by rebel fighters . Abdilal said the circumstances of his death were complicated . "  It was a battlefield , he was carrying weapons , there were fighters around , no one was controlling those fighters , " Abdilal said . And , he said , "  Many people claim that they are the ones who killed Gadhafi , and that is complicating matters . " Abdilal acknowledged that the interim government had not yet succeeded in integrating militias from different cities into a national security force , saying his visit to Britain was partly to seek help with that task . Fighters from Zintan still control the international airport , he said , adding that he expected them to hand control over to the Ministry of the Interior "  within two weeks . " CNN 's Raja Razek contributed to this report .	NEW : Military trials of Gadhafi supporters begin in Benghazi , an NTC member says Interior Minister Fawzy Abdilal says there is no systematic torture in Libya Saif al-Islam Gadhafi could have a lawyer if he asks for one , the minister says Probes into the death of Moammar Gadhafi could also be completed soon , he says
New York  CNN  -- A federal judge sentenced Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani to life without parole on Tuesday for his role in the 1998 bombings of two U.S. embassies in East Africa , which left 224 people dead and thousands wounded . He is the first Guantanamo detainee tried in U.S. civilian court , having been convicted by a federal jury in November on a single conspiracy charge to destroy buildings and property at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . "  Finally , 12 1/2 years after those devastating and despicable attacks , Ahmed Ghailani will pay for his crimes , " U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara told reporters . Ghailani was acquitted of the remaining 284 counts of conspiracy and terrorism-related charges , including conspiring to kill Americans and use weapons of mass destruction . He had faced a minimum of 20 years in prison , but instead received a life sentence . Ghailani , a 36-year-old Tanzanian , never took the stand . "  Today 's sentencing of Ahmed Ghailani shows yet again the strength of the American justice system in holding terrorists accountable for their actions , " U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said in a written statement . The trial , considered a test for the Obama administration , which had maintained that it could try some terrorism suspects in civilian courts , coincides with both the president 's State of the Union address and reports of a possible increase in the use of military commissions . On the eve of the trial , U.S. District Judge Lewis A. Kaplan excluded testimony from a witness that prosecutors said could provide evidence of Ghailani 's involvement in the bomb plot , after learning of the witness ' coerced interrogation at a CIA-run detention facility abroad . The move raised questions over future convictions in the war against al Qaeda , widening the debate over the use of civilian courts for Guantanamo detainees , including alleged September 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed . Ghailani was captured in Pakistan in 2004 after training with al-Qaeda leaders in the region , where the government says he became a bodyguard and cook for Osama bin Laden . For two years he was interrogated under the supervision of the Central Intelligence Agency , raising questions of torture that defense attorneys later used as grounds to petition for leniency . Ghailani was then moved to the U.S. naval base in Cuba where he spent the next three years before being transferred into federal custody in New York , according to court documents . Throughout the trial , the defense portrayed Ghailani as a man with local knowledge of Tanzania who was exploited by al Qaeda , arguing that his cumulative detention at secret facilities abroad and at Guantanamo deprived him of a speedy trial . The government rejected the claim that he was duped into participating in planning the attack , pointing to evidence that Ghailani obtained gas tanks in Tanzania and noting his presence in Mombasa , Kenya , with members of the bomb plot . But during court proceedings , jury members showed signs of division . Kaplan rejected a defense plea for a mistrial after a juror claimed to be chastised for disagreeing with fellow jurors , heightening prosecutor fears that Ghailani could elude conviction . The case also came against the background of Ghailani 's detention as an "  unlawful enemy combatant , " a murky classification surrounding the legality of holding terrorism suspects that the Obama administration has tried to distance itself from . But in the weeks after his November conviction , lawmakers passed legislation meant to prevent Pentagon funding from being used to transfer Guantanamo detainees to U.S. soil , stifling an administration pledge to allow more detainees to be tried in civilian courts . CNN 's Brian Vitagliano and Adam Reiss contributed to this report	NEW : Attorney General Eric Holder said the sentencing shows "  strength of the American justice system " Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani is the first Guantanamo detainee tried in U.S. civilian court He was convicted in connection with the 1998 U.S. embassy bombings that killed 224 people Case considered a test for trying terrorism suspects in civilian court
CNN  -- Newspaper publishers no doubt long for the days of black-and-white packages on most doorsteps and corporate earnings "  in the black , " as they say . On Monday , Amazon.com -- a new king of black and white with its market-leading Kindle e-reader -- presented them with a chance to earn more profits in the digital world . Starting December 1 , Amazon will give newspapers a 70 percent cut of revenue from digital versions of their editions sold in the site 's Kindle Store . That 's in line with what Apple and Google give developers selling apps in their digital markets . Amazon announced the changes to reporters Monday . Amazon was previously giving newspaper and magazine companies about 30 percent , according to a New York Times report last year . The online retail giant also is providing publishers with a new tool called Kindle Publishing for Periodicals . The program is designed to speed up the process of producing a version of the newspaper for the many platforms where Kindle software can be downloaded . "  A publisher would just need to send one feed , and Amazon customizes the experience for reading across different apps , " Amazon spokeswoman Sarah Gelman said . If this program is successful , Amazon could become the leading newsstand of the digital world . And if news organizations bite , it could cause a shift in their digital strategies . Tapping the growing mobile audience has obvious appeal for traditional publishers . For example , Apple has sold more than 125 million gadgets -- iPhones , iPods and the iPad -- that run its mobile operating system . But finding developers capable of coding software for the system can be difficult and expensive . Amazon wo n't disclose how many Kindles it has sold , saying only "  millions . "  Amazon Chief Jeff Bezos says hiding that number gives the company a strategic advantage on competitors . Sure , the Kindle e-reader still lacks a color display , but its software is available for an array of full-color devices , including the iPhone , iPad and those that run on Android systems . The idea is you 'd have access to your newspaper subscription on every Kindle-enabled device you own . It 's certainly been popular among bookworms , but that feature is not yet a reality with newspapers and magazines . This same ubiquity strategy has helped Zinio , a mobile reading application , dominate the digital magazine market , said Jeanniey Mullen , the company 's chief marketing officer . That 10-year-old business has relationships with 3,000 magazine publishers -- some of which Amazon is no doubt eyeing for its renewed push into periodicals .	Amazon will give newspapers a 70 percent cut of digital sales for its Kindle e-reader If new strategy is successful , Amazon could become the primary newsstand online The company also is providing publishers with a tool to import pages to other platforms easily
CNN  -- Movie director John Landis is suing Michael Jackson , accusing the reclusive entertainer of fraud in his handling of profits from the iconic "  Thriller " video the two made together more than 25 years ago . "  King of Pop " Michael Jackson , seen in 2005 , made the "  Thriller " video with John Landis more than 25 years ago . Landis claimed his 1983 contract with Jackson gave him 50 percent of net profits from the 14-minute video and the documentary about the making of it , both works that he directed and co-wrote with Jackson , court documents say . Jackson "  wrongfully refused to pay or account for such profits , " the suit , filed against the singer and Optimum Productions , says . The suit characterizes Optimum as "  a defunct corporation " Jackson has used as an alter ego . The suit accuses Jackson of "  concealing the extent of net profits " by not giving an annual accounting for at least the past four years , and maintains that Jackson is "  guilty of fraudulent , malicious and oppressive conduct . " Jackson 's lawyers have not responded to the suit , which was filed on January 21 . The video was based on Jackson 's 1982 album by the same name , one of the top-selling of all time . Landis , best known as director of "  Animal House " and "  An American Werewolf in London , " made the song into a short horror movie , complete with Vincent Price adding narration . Word of the suit comes just after an announcement that Jackson has signed a deal to take the dancing zombie story to the Broadway stage . The Nederlander Organization , a Broadway production company , announced Tuesday that it had signed a contract with Jackson to produce "  Thriller " on stage . The show , which Jackson is to be involved with , also is to include music from other Jackson albums , the company said . The court has set May 11 as the date for lawyers to hold a conference with a judge concerning the lawsuit .	Director John Landis , Michael Jackson made "  Thriller " video 25 years ago Landis claims 1983 contract gives him 50 percent of net profits from video Jackson "  wrongfully refused to pay or account for such profits , " suit says Jackson 's lawyers have not responded
Washington  CNN  -- As thousands of American service members prepare to depart Iraq as part of an agreement to leave by the end of this year , the U.S. State Department has issued a $ 10 million bounty for a man there it recently designated an international terrorist leader . Ibrahim "  Awwad Ibrahim " Ali al-Badri , also known by the alias "  Abu Du'a , " was put on the agency 's global terrorist list earlier this week and is the senior leader of al Qaeda in Iraq , the State Department said . According to a State Department bulletin , Abu Du'a is in charge of overseeing all AQI operations , such as the August attack on Baghdad 's Umm al-Qura mosque , and is based in Iraq . He has also threatened "  violent retaliation " for the death of Osama bin Laden , who was killed in May after a decade-long manhunt ended with a U.S. raid on the former al Qaeda leader 's compound in Pakistan . Three days after bin Laden 's death , Abu Du'a claimed responsibility for an attack that killed 24 policemen and wounded 72 others , according to the bulletin . His group has also claimed responsibility for series of August attacks that began in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul and left more than 70 people dead . The terrorist designation is part of a U.S. effort to restrict resources available to Abu Du'a , while also freezing his assets in the United States , the State Department said . The United States designated al Qaeda in Iraq as a Foreign Terrorist Organization in 2004 .	"  Abu Du'a " was put on a global terrorist list earlier this week He is known as the senior leader of al Qaeda in Iraq , State Department says Abu Du'a has threatened "  violent retaliation " for the death of Osama bin Laden , U.S. says
CNN  -- Oklahomans have a special relationship with the sky . We know how to look up . On the prairies of western Oklahoma , the skies are so big , and so full , it is easy to feel you may begin to fall upward , or even fly . To live underneath this unbroken expanse of heaven can be at once inspiring and terrifying . Every Okie has seen those skies turn scary , and every Okie accepts that atmospheric instability is a part of our legacy . In school and from our trusted local meteorologists , we learn from an early age what to look for in a sky , in a radar map and in a safe place . Green-tinted clouds are never a good sign ; a hook echo on a radar -- the telltale swirl at the edge of a storm pattern indicating strong rotation -- means take cover . Underground is best , in a basement or storm shelter . But a small , ground-floor room with no exterior walls will do if the tornado is n't too strong . Cover up with a mattress or thick blanket to avoid debris ; do n't open all the windows in the house , contrary to now discredited advice ; do n't hide under an overpass . Opinion : How can we be sage from tornadoes ? If this liturgy of weather preparedness is part of the Oklahoma psyche , so , unfortunately , is devastation . Fourteen years ago this month , one of the worst tornadoes in history roared through Moore , Oklahoma , taking dozens of lives and hundreds of homes . Long after the initial cleanup was completed , the disaster was everywhere apparent . The branches of trees were gnarled by the winds into unreal shapes , their leaves growing close to the bark as if for protection . Neighborhoods that once were thick with homes seemed almost to revert to the fields from which they 'd sprung . For those who lost homes , it took months , sometimes years , to become whole . For those who lost loved ones , that never happened . That is why for the people of Moore , what happened on May 20 feels impossible . It is impossible that this happened here again . It is impossible to reduce the suffering to a number : lives lost , homes destroyed , damage expressed in dollars . For many , it must feel impossible to know where to begin to carry on . Inside a tornado-ravaged school How does a community make sense of destruction on the level carried out by Monday 's storm ? In Moore , it began almost as soon as the tornado touched down . Teachers at Plaza Towers and Briarwood elementary schools threw their bodies over their students to protect them from debris . Survivors flooded the streets helping to dig their neighbors out from under collapsed homes . Trucks filled with supplies raced to the scene . We help . That is how we begin . It 's what we know how to do . Word just came from Red Cross Oklahoma that Oklahoma City Thunder star forward Kevin Durant has donated $ 1 million to disaster relief efforts ; Devon Energy , headquartered in Oklahoma City , donated $ 2.5 million . Thousands more from all over the country have donated what they can . For Okies , this is what home is about . Opinion : The making of a nightmare tornado The "  Oklahoma Standard , " exhibited to the world after the 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in downtown Oklahoma City , after the May 3 , 1999 , tornado , and today , is who we are . What is on display before the world 's eyes is not only a community 's response to a disaster but an exhibition of something essential to the Oklahoma character . We make sense of disaster by showing up and doing what we can . We find meaning in a bottle of water , a rescued pet , a family reunited , an act of selflessness . These things -- and not disasters -- are what define home for us . Home , to borrow a phrase from the Bible , is where we live and move and have our being . It is not only where but who we are . Moore in bull 's - eye twice , now we may know why Our identity is in softly rolling prairies giving way to forested hills , in long stretches of horizon that make you feel like you could see almost to eternity , and in big skies stretched tight above it all . We have learned to watch those skies -- for blessings , for rain , for sunshine , for wind and for signs of danger . And we have learned to help . It 's in our bones , like red dirt and big skies . It 's what we will do now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nathan Gunter .	Nathan Gunter : Okies love the big , full skies , but watch them closely for signs of trouble Gunter : Green clouds are bad ; swirl at edge of a storm pattern means take cover We 've had our share of disaster , he says : Murrah bombing , previous tornadoes Gunter : We make sense of it by helping out , finding meaning in acts of selflessness
Americans love beef ; we eat nearly 63 pounds per person each year . Although that 's a lot , the amount is down from our 1976 high of 89 pounds . When buying beef , we tend to stick to what we know , which may be why almost 60 percent of our beef dollars go for ground beef . Even as an experienced chef , I often brought home familiar cuts . But researching my book , "  Field Guide to Meat , " led me to expand my repertoire to tasty , if less familiar , cuts like hanger steak and tri-tip . Soon you can do the same , knowing which cuts to choose for maximum flavor and nutrition . A 3 1/2 - ounce serving provides 27g to 30g of protein and is an excellent source of iron , zinc , and phosphorus . Beef Background Humans began domesticating cattle , Bos taurus , about 8,500 years ago . Columbus first brought cattle to the New World , and by 1690 , descendants of Columbus ' cattle ranging in Mexico were driven north and became known as Texas Longhorns . Others arrived later with the colonists . America 's top five cattle breeds are Angus from Scotland , Hereford from England , Limousin from France , Simmenthal from Switzerland , and Charolais from France . More than 90 percent of the beef we buy originates in America , while most of the rest is Canadian bred . The beef we eat comes mostly from 18 - to 24-month-old steers , averaging about 1,000 pounds , and yielding about 450 pounds of meat . Each is divided for wholesale into eight primals  major portions  : the chuck  shoulder and upper ribs  , the rib , the loin , the sirloin  hip  , the round  upper leg  , the brisket  breast  , the plate  belly  , and the small flank . Organs like liver and kidneys are called variety meats . When evaluating your choices at the grocery store , here are a few key terms and facts to know : • Grain-finished : Nearly 75 percent of U.S. beef comes from cattle fattened on grain  usually corn  for three to six months in feedlots . Since corn is not a natural part of a cow 's diet , cattle fed on it may experience stress and other ailments , so they are routinely treated with antibiotics . They also receive growth hormones to increase their size  and value , as beef is sold by weight  . Until recently , inexpensive corn has helped keep down the price of beef . • Grass-finished : Grass - or pasture-finished beef comes from cattle that forage on grasses and legumes . Their meat is lower in saturated fat , cholesterol , and calories than grain-finished .  Because it is quite lean , cook rare to medium-rare for juiciness .  Grass-fed beef has a distinct flavor , often described as bold , complex , and gamy . Many people believe that grass-fed cattle are a more sustainable choice . However , raising grass-fed cattle is time-consuming and requires large open spaces , variables that raise its price . Most is imported from Canada , followed by Australia , New Zealand , Argentina , and Brazil . • Aging : Dry-aging is the traditional process preferred by many steak lovers . The concentrated , intense flavor of dry-aged beef develops as it hangs in special temperature - and humidity-controlled rooms from 10 days to six weeks . The longer the aging , the better the flavor and tenderness , but also the more the shrinkage as water evaporates and a dark crust develops , which must be cut away . About 90 percent of American beef is sold as large vacuum-packed cuts . During the average seven-day period the beef spends "  in the bag , " it ages in a process called "  wet-aging . " • Processing and packaging : Until the 1960s butcher shops bought beef as half - or quarter-carcasses . Packers then began selling vacuum-packed beef , the same large cuts sold at warehouse club stores . Retailers refrigerated the boxes until needed , then opened the package and cut the meat into portions for sale . Next came case-ready meat , which precluded the need for skilled butchers on-site in markets . Leak-proof and easily stackable , case-ready packages are produced in USDA-inspected plants and have a longer shelf life . Packages covered with a sealed layer of clear plastic are modified-atmosphere packages , which have a gas-filled space inside to help preserve freshness and color . Nutrition • Fat content : The USDA defines "  lean beef " as having less than 10 grams  g  of total fat , 4.5 g or less of saturated fat , and less than 95 milligrams of cholesterol per 3 1/2 - ounce serving  100g  of cooked beef . Half of the fat is saturated and half is heart-healthy monounsaturated . There are 29 naturally lean cuts of beef , including many familiar to Cooking Light readers , such as tenderloin , flank steak , and sirloin , as well as five lesser-known cuts . Others , such as ribeye or chuck roast , naturally contain more fat , although it is similarly divided between saturated and monounsaturated . Because lean beef contains less fat , it 's best cooked to medium-rare  145 °F  or medium  160 °F  to optimize tenderness . If using fattier cuts , slice away the outer rim of fat and cut or pull out any pockets of fat before cooking . For larger cuts , allow the fat to baste the meat while cooking , then trim away before eating , or skim it from the surface of braised dishes or stews . • Other nutrients : A 3 1/2 - ounce serving provides 27g to 30g of protein -- more than half of the 50g recommended daily in a 2,000-calorie-per-day diet . All beef is an excellent source of iron , zinc , and phosphorus . In general , the redder the meat , the more iron it contains  beef liver has the most  . Beef also contains thiamin , riboflavin , and niacin and is a rich source of B12 , found naturally only in animal foods . CookingLight.com : Fat and Ground Beef At the Market • Inspection and grading : USDA inspectors examine all live animals and beef shipped out of state , which encompasses most of today 's supermarket beef . Grading is voluntary and done by the same inspectors . The more marbling -- the small white flecks of fat within the muscles -- the higher the grade . Three grades of beef are sold to consumers . Only three percent is highly marbled Prime , sought after by top steak houses and butcher shops . About 57 percent is moderately marbled Choice , the most common supermarket grade . The remaining 40 percent is lean Select . • Private labels : Supermarket chains and large food distributors also have developed private brands with their own specifications . The first such program began in 1978 with Certified Angus Beef , which must come from Angus cattle . Niman Ranch Natural Beef and Certified Hereford Beef are two others . • Natural and Organic : Beef labeled "  natural " must not contain any artificial ingredients and can not be more than minimally processed , such as ground beef . "  Organic " beef must come from cattle raised and certified according to the USDA 's National Organic Program . Organic cattle must be fed 100-percent organically and without antibiotics or hormones . Both natural and organic beef can be either grass - or grain-finished . Ways to Save • Buy lean cuts . Often , leaner cuts are cheaper than fatty ones . And when the fat cooks away , lean cuts provide more meat for your dollar . • Buy in bulk . Large or family-sized packages cost less per pound than smaller packages . Divide into portions , and freeze the surplus . • Be your own butcher . Beef that has been presliced into steaks or made into patties costs more than less processed meat . Buy bigger cuts , and do some of the preparation work yourself . CookingLight.com : Beef on a Budget • But do n't go overboard . Advice to buy a side or quarter of beef may seem sensible , but you 'll likely have more meat than you can store . Such a purchase may yield what one buyer describes as "  cheap steak and expensive hamburger . " For more tips on making healthy taste great , try Cooking Light - CLICK HERE Copyright 2009 Cooking Light magazine . All rights reserved .	Humans began domesticating cattle , Bos taurus , about 8,500 years ago Americans today consume nearly 63 pounds of beef per person each year Most of us tend to stick with beef cuts we know
Lists can be tricky . To kick off our coverage of young adult literature in October , we asked members of the CNN.com newsroom to share books that changed our lives . It was n't the ultimate list for everyone -- we left the definition of "  life-changing " up to individuals , and yes , Judy Blume came up more than once . But we also asked readers to share their top picks in the comments . Again , we left "  life-changing " open to interpretation . We loved the responses and reasons for your choices , from Mark Twain 's "  Tom Sawyer " to John Green 's "  The Fault in Our Stars . So , we complied them and created another list -- the books you read as young people that changed YOUR lives . Click through the gallery to see what readers came up with , and tell us about books you read as a child that influenced you .	CNN commenters shared their favorite books from childhood Help us keep growing the list by sharing your picks in the comments Follow CNN Living on Facebook and Twitter
LA PAZ , Bolivia  CNN  -- Bolivian officials have declared a health emergency after three deaths attributed to dengue hemorrhagic fever , the often-lethal form of a mosquito-borne disease that more than 1,000 Bolivians are thought to have contracted since November . Brazilian soldiers pour insecticide to fight dengue fever in 2008 . Bolivia also is battling the mosquito-borne disease . At least 12 unconfirmed instances of dengue hemorrhagic fever have been reported in the first 17 days of 2009 , the official ABI news agency said . About 250 cases of dengue fever , the milder , nonlethal form of the disease , have been confirmed in the past two weeks , said Health Minister Ramiro Tapia in the Los Tiempos de Cochabamba newspaper . Authorities said they have committed more than 20,000 military personnel and 2.5 tons of insecticide to combat the disease . A preteen boy died last week at Children 's Hospital of La Paz , a few days after arriving with internal bleeding , hospital director Christian Fuentes told La Razon newspaper in La Paz , the nation 's capital . "  By that time , there was nothing we could do . He had multiple internal hemorrhages , " Fuentes said . A 17-year-old boy and a 30-year-old woman also died last week , the ABI news agency said , citing the national director of epidemiology , Juan Carlos Arraya . Cases of dengue fever usually spike from November through January , which is Bolivia 's hot and rainy season . Alberto Nogales , the country 's vice minister of health , said the fight against mosquitoes will last until April . Dengue occurs in tropical and subtropical parts of the world , transmitted by the bite of a mosquito infected with one of four dengue viruses , the World Health Organization says . Symptoms , which appear three to 14 days after the bite , can include mild to high fever , severe headache , pain behind the eyes , muscle and joint pain and a rash , the WHO says . Dengue hemorrhagic fever is a potentially fatal complication that affects mainly children , the WHO says . Symptoms include fever , abdominal pain , vomiting and bleeding . The disease can not be transmitted directly from one person to another . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates there are up to 100 million cases worldwide each year . "  It actually is quite common , " Dr. Ali Khan of the CDC told CNN last year . "  And unfortunately , over the last 30 years or so we 've seen an increase in the number of countries infected with dengue fever . " Khan attributes the increase in part to population growth . Mosquitoes that carry dengue typically breed in areas near humans . "  This is a disease that occurs where there 's lots of population , " he said . The WHO says mosquitoes carrying dengue viruses breed in exposed water , including places as shallow as jars , discarded bottles and plant saucers . Last year , 55,000 people in southeastern Brazil contracted the disease . The outbreak was confirmed as causing the deaths of at least 67 people -- almost half of them children under 13 -- and another 58 deaths were under investigation last summer , the Rio de Janeiro state 's ministry of health reported at the time . Final statistics on the outbreak were not immediately available .	At least 12 unconfirmed instances of dengue hemorrhagic fever reported in Bolivia Bolivia fights disease with 20,000-plus in military , 2.5 tons of insecticide Cases of dengue fever usually spike in Bolivia 's hot and rainy season At least 55,000 contracted disease last year in Brazil
CNET  -- Just because the Internet has broken down geographic barriers , do n't assume that Google does n't care about geography . With Google 's new Latitude software , cell phone users can share their locations with others . The company plans to launch software called Latitude on Wednesday that lets mobile phone users share their location with close contacts . Google hopes it will help people find each other while out and about and to keep track of loved ones . "  What Google Latitude does is allow you to share that location with friends and family members , and likewise be able to see friends and family members ' locations , " said Steve Lee , product manager for Google Latitude . For example , a girlfriend could use it to see if her boyfriend has arrived at a restaurant and , if not , how far away he is . To protect privacy , Google specifically requires people to sign up for the service . People can share their precise location , the city they 're in , or nothing at all . "  What we found in testing is that the most common scenario is a symmetrical arrangement , where both people are sharing with each other , " Lee said . The software spotlights Google 's fixation with mapping and location technology . Location is an important part of navigating the real world , and Google clearly sees its geographic services as a way to establish a more personal connection with customers who today use Google chiefly for the virtual realm of the Internet . And of course money is involved , too : Google hopes its mapping technology will lead to location-based advertising revenue . Google 's power is firmly lodged in search and search advertising , but the company is trying to expand to broader online services , too . That includes online documents and various aspects of social networking , which are much more personal services and ones that put Google into more direct competition with rivals such as Microsoft , Facebook , and Yahoo . Like using Google profiles to contact information with select contacts , using Google Latitude tells Google who 's who in your social graph . How it works Latitude is part of Google Maps for Mobile , the company 's mapping software for mobile phones , but also can be used through a gadget loaded onto its iGoogle customized home page . It 'll work in 27 countries at launch , Google said . Initially , it will work on most color-screen BlackBerry phones , most phones with Windows Mobile 5.0 or later , and most Symbian-based devices such as Nokia smartphones . An update to the Google Android operating system now being distributed to the T-Mobile G1 phone also enables it , and iPhone and iPod Touch users will get the option "  very soon , " Lee said . Latitude uses Google 's technology to judge a user 's location not just by GPS satellite , but also by proximity to mobile phone towers and wireless networks . That 's a much more automated approach than the manual "  check-in " process used by Dodgeball , a service that Google decided in January to shut down . Other competitors exist , though . BrightKite and Loopt offer mechanisms for people to find each other by mobile phone , for example . Then there 's MobiFriends , Tripit , and Dopplr . And Google 's clearest competitor , Yahoo , offers some competition with Fire Eagle . That service does n't provide location information , but it does provide a mechanism to centralize people 's geographic privacy choices , in effect taking care of some of the social graph management when it comes to location information . To use the service , you need a Google account to record who has permission to see your location . For choosing who gets to see your location , you can use contacts stored with Gmail or Picasa , Google said . The white lie With the service , you can hide from specific people or disappear altogether . And you can manually set a specific location if , for example , your phone ca n't show it with sufficient precision or if you wish to tell someone a white lie about whether you really are n't going to go to the candy store . Google envisions two broad classes of people with whom you might want to share location information . First is a small , close-knit circle of friends and family with whom you 're willing to share your exact spot . Second is a larger group with whom you 're happy to share city-level detail , convenient for finding out when somebody 's in town but not much more . When somebody is close , the software lets you contact the person various ways -- by calling or sending an e-mail or text message , for example . It also lets you hide from that specific person . Privacy is of course a significant concern when it comes to sharing this sort of information . If you want to use Latitude , you must specifically enable the service . Meeting your pals at a bar is an obvious example of the software 's possibilities , but there are softer cases I see as useful , too . Lee pointed to a case where a friend 's girlfriend , though far away in Seattle , will "  virtually place herself next to him . " That sounds a little sappy for my tastes , but I can still relate . My wife is on the other side of the country right now , and it would be heart-warming to see just where . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Google Latitude There are a lot of occasions where technology is better for maintaining relationships than it is for establishing them , and this looks like one to me . © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	New Google software , Latitude , lets cell phone users share their location with others Google hopes it will help people find each other and keep track of loved ones To protect privacy , Google specifically requires people to sign up for the service People can share their precise location , the city they 're in , or nothing at all
Oak Creek , Wisconsin  CNN  -- Soldier . Singer . Skinhead . Investigators spent Monday trying to figure out what led 40-year-old Wade Michael Page from repairing missiles for the Army to a Sikh temple in suburban Milwaukee , where he was killed by police at the end of a Sunday morning rampage . The shaven-headed Page , whose tattoos included the Celtic cross adopted by white supremacist groups , had been the front man for a white-power rock band called "  End Apathy " for several years . Two former neighbors identified him from photos on the band 's MySpace page . His path appears to have taken him from Colorado to Milwaukee , where he enlisted in the Army in 1992 ; back to Colorado ; to North Carolina , where he started the band ; and then back to the Milwaukee area , where he had been "  a short time " before the shootings , Oak Creek Police Chief John Edwards told reporters Monday . The Army trained Page first as a mechanic for the Hawk anti-aircraft missile system , then as a psychological warfare specialist . He rose to the rank of sergeant before losing a stripe due to "  patterns of misconduct , " according to a Pentagon official who spoke on condition of anonymity . In October 1998 , he received a general discharge under honorable conditions , the official said . Community attempts to cope after Wisconsin shooting deaths Christopher Robillard of Oregon , who described Page as "  my closest friend " in the service more than a decade ago , said Page was pushed out of the military for showing up to formation drunk . He described Page as "  a very kind , very smart individual -- loved his friends . One of those guys with a soft spot . " But even then , Page "  was involved with white supremacy , " Robillard said . "  He would talk about the racial holy war , like he wanted it to come , " Robillard said . "  But to me , he did n't seem like the type of person to go out and hurt people . " Later Monday , Robillard told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " that Page likely sought attention to his beliefs "  because he was always the loner type of person . Even in a group of people , he would be off alone . " Teresa Carlson , the special agent in charge of the FBI 's Milwaukee office , said investigators have been told Page may have been involved with the white supremacist movement , but that had n't been confirmed . No motive for Sunday 's attack had been established , but the FBI was investigating whether the killings at the Sikh temple were an act of domestic terrorism , she said . Page moved back to Denver after his discharge , where he had a tough time in civilian life "  and was basically living on the street , " Robillard said . It was during that period that Page joined a "  racist band " and started to get his body inked , his Army buddy told CNN . Remembering the victims "  I asked him why he was aligning himself with this stuff , " Robillard said . "  He really did n't answer . He would duck it . " Page had a girlfriend who left him for another member of the band , which then kicked him out , Robillard said . The last time they saw each other -- more than 10 years ago -- Robillard said Page was on a motorcycle trip across the country . It was a trip Page recounted in 2010 , in an online interview about his band End Apathy . He founded it in in the small town of Nashville in eastern North Carolina , where he ended up after bouncing around the country from California to West Virginia . "  I am originally from Colorado and had always been independent , but back in 2000 I set out to get involved and wanted to basically start over , " he said . The band put out at least two recordings through a label that promoted them on the neo-Nazi website Stormfront . In a 2010 interview posted online , Page said his lyrics "  vary from sociological issues , religion , and how the value of human life has been degraded by being submissive to tyranny and hypocrisy that we are subjugated to . " End Apathy played gigs in North Carolina and in the Midwest , he said . While Page shared the stage with many similar bands , he was n't a movement leader and does n't appear to have been involved in any criminal acts , said Mark Potok , who tracks hate groups for the Southern Poverty Law Center in Alabama . White supremacist groups still strong Nevertheless , Potok called Page "  a neo-Nazi skinhead in the very thick of the white supremacist movement . " In a statement posted on its website Monday , the band 's imprint , Label 56 , said it had removed "  all images and products related to End Apathy . " "  We have worked hard over the years to promote a positive image and have posted many articles encouraging people to take a positive path in life , to abstain from drugs , alcohol , and just general behavior that can affect ones life negatively , " the company said . "  We do not wish to profit from this tragedy financially or with publicity , " it added . "  In closing , please do not take what Wade did as honorable or respectable and please do not think we are all like that . " It was n't clear Monday what brought Page back to Wisconsin , where he lived first with a girlfriend , then on his own . David Brown , a former neighbor in a South Milwaukee apartment building , said Page would frequently lift weights and occasionally leave home with a guitar . But every time he tried to talk to his neighbor , Brown said , he would just grunt and walk on by . Who are Sikhs and what do they believe ? And a former landlord , Kurt Weins , told CNN that Page worked nights at a welding supply business and had recently broken up with a girlfriend when he signed his lease . "  He was quiet . I saw no violence in him , " said Weins , who has been questioned by federal agents since Sunday 's killings . "  The feds asked me how he paid , whether he had weapons . I had no idea he had weapons , " he said . Robillard said he knows Page 's name will now be inextricably linked with hate and bloodshed , "  but that 's not how I remember him . " "  It 's the racial holy war talk I always took as something he would vent about , and not act on it , " he said . "  I never pictured him as someone who would do anything . I thought maybe he was just saying it for attention . " Share your thoughts and remembrances for the victims on CNN iReport . CNN 's Ted Rowlands , Drew Griffin , Nick Valencia , Mike Mount and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	Wisconsin killing suspect fronted a white-supremacist rock band Page talked about a race war while in the Army , former comrade says He drifted from Colorado to both coasts after discharge , settling in North Carolina He moved to the Milwaukee area in recent months , former neighbors and landlord say
Brussels , Belgium  CNN  -- NATO members agreed Thursday to take over enforcement of the no-fly zone over Libya , but stopped short of interpreting that mandate as a license to attack government troops who may be threatening unarmed civilians . "  What we have decided today is that NATO will enforce the no-fly zone , " NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer from the organization 's headquarters in Brussels . Under Thursday 's agreement , NATO forces will be able to close air space to all flights except for humanitarian ones and will be able to use force in self-defense . NATO also has sent a directive to its military chain of command asking for a plan on how to execute an expanded role for enforcement of U.N. Resolution 1973 , according to NATO sources . Under what some officials were calling "  no-fly plus , " NATO would be given more robust rules of engagement to ensure that civilians are protected , the sources said . And , in an effort to ease concerns from Turkey -- the organization 's sole Muslim country -- coalition forces would be allowed to withdraw from certain missions , such as those involving attacking Libyan soldiers , the sources said . As for the prospect of a more robust mandate , one that the U.S.-led coalition has followed so far , "  That decision has not been made yet , " Rasmussen said . He added that NATO will have outside help in whatever mission it opts to pursue . "  It 's of utmost importance to stress that this is not primarily a NATO operation , " he said . "  It is a broad international effort in which we will include partners from the region that have pledged to contribute to this protection of civilians in Libya . " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who will travel to London to attend an international meeting on Libya on Tuesday , gave an upbeat assessment of what the coalition has accomplished in five days . "  We have made significant progress , " she told reporters . "  A massacre in Benghazi was prevented . Gadhafi 's air force and air defenses have been rendered largely ineffective , and the coalition is in control of the skies above Libya . " She welcomed the fact that the coalition includes aircraft and pilots from Qatar and Thursday 's announcement by the United Arab Emirates that it , too , would send planes to protect Libya 's civilians . "  In the days ahead , as NATO assumes command-and-control responsibilities , the welfare of those civilians will be of paramount concern , " she said . "  This operation has already saved many lives , but the danger is far from over . " Rasmussen said the issue did not represent a split in NATO over the mission . However , he also acknowledged that , if unaltered , the agreement would mean the overall mission would have two parts , with NATO enforcing the no-fly zone and the U.S.-led coalition handling a naval blockade and airstrikes . Thursday 's deal was reached after a conference call among Clinton and her counterparts from Britain , France and Turkey , according to diplomatic officials who spoke on condition of not being identified by name . So far , U.S. forces have shouldered the bulk of the mission , according to figures provided by the Pentagon . Of the 175 Tomahawk missiles fired , 168 were from the United States and seven from Great Britain , the only two countries to possess them , while U.S. planes have flown almost two-thirds of the sorties and U.S. ships comprise more than two-thirds of the total involved . The flurry of diplomatic activity came as the battle for control of Libya was continuing to unfold . After a fifth consecutive night of pounding by coalition jets , Libyans gathered at a seaside cemetery in Tripoli on Thursday for the funerals of 33 people Gadhafi 's government said were victims of an airstrike . State television said the dead were victims of the "  crusader colonial aggression . " Earlier , a Libyan government official said coalition planes struck the suburb of Tajura and state TV showed images of fires , smoldering vehicles and the charred bodies of the dead . At the cemetery , anger trumped grief and Gadhafi 's message was loud and clear : innocent people were wrongly killed and the Libyan people will fight back . CNN could not independently verify the circumstances of the deaths or who the victims were . In Tripoli , CNN reporters go on government-organized tours in an effort to do their own reporting ; Libyan authorities forbid independent movement by international journalists in Tripoli . The reports of civilian deaths were given little credence by coalition forces , which launched airstrikes Thursday near Tripoli , Misrata and Ajdabiya in Libya . "  The only civilian casualties we know are for certain are the ones that the Libyan government itself has caused , " U.S. Navy Vice Adm. Bill Gortney said . At the United Nations , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said he has seen no signs of a cease-fire by Libyan government authorities , as called for by U.N. Resolution 1973 , which was hurriedly passed last Thursday as Libyan forces were closing in on the rebel stronghold of Benghazi . Ban told council members , "  to the contrary , fierce battles continue in and around the cities of " Ajdabiya , Misrata and Zinan . He added that his envoy told Libyan authorities that if the government did not comply with the cease-fire resolution , "  the Security Council was prepared to take additional measures . " Ban said he had sent his envoy to an African Union meeting to be held Friday in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , at which representatives of the Gadhafi government and the opposition were expected to attend . "  Their aim : to reach a cease-fire and political solution . " But there was no sign that any such solution was near . The battle for Misrata , Libya 's third-largest city , has been ongoing for more than a week . British Foreign Secretary William Hague said Thursday that many residents remain trapped in their homes without electricity and communications and with a dwindling supply of food and water . In the east , Gadhafi 's tanks were shelling Ajdabiya , where fighting had occurred the day before . Loyalist forces still controlled the northern and western gates to the city . "  This underlines the appalling danger its inhabitants would be in without coalition action , as do continued threats by Gadhafi forces to ` massacre ' residents in areas under bombardment , " Hague said . The coalition has established a no-fly zone that spans from east to west along Libya 's coast . French jets fired air-to-ground missiles on a Libyan combat aircraft Thursday that was in violation of the no-fly mandate , destroying it , the French Defense Ministry said . The plane was struck as it was landing in a Misrata airfield . The civil war was sparked in February by protests demanding an end to Gadhafi 's nearly 42-year rule . The Libyan strongman responded with force against civilians , prompting the international community to take action beginning last weekend . Though the rebels ' position may have improved since then , a U.S. official said Gadhafi 's forces still have the upper hand . They remain capable of carrying out attacks on the opposition , are relatively well-organized and continue to fight effectively , the official said . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Arwa Damon , Elise Labott , Paula Newton and Jim Bittermann contributed to this report .	All 28 NATO allies authorized a plan that includes civilian protection Transition to be complete by Sunday night , sources say Questions on rules of engagement remain to be worked out
Hong Kong  CNN  -- This just in : Male Beliebers Exist . I know this thanks to a monitor installed in the newsroom that flashes the very latest trending topics on Twitter . What 's trending , as I write this sentence ? A few hashtag games like " #OverusedWords , " a tribute to former teen queen Hilary Duff , "  Hilary is our Cinderella , " and "  Male Beliebers Exist , " a reference to obsessive fans of Justin Bieber . On my desk I have a multitude of networked devices -- PC , iPhone , BlackBerry , iPad . No surprise there . The Internet dominates our workspace . But it literally owns our life space as well . Americans -- and that includes me -- spend at least eight hours a day staring at a screen . And more than one-third of smartphone users get online before they get out of bed . We all know by now that the Internet is not just a means of communication . It 's a parallel ecosystem , our digital state of nature . But how much of our Internet-based time is wasted time ? And how much is absolutely integral to our daily lives ? Read more posts from Kristie Lu Stout DARPA may not have intended the Internet to be used this way , but I regularly find myself online to settle nagging pop culture questions . When was The Smiths ' first concert appearance ? Who wrote "  Before Sunrise ? " Did Gilda Radner ever guest star in "  The Muppet Show ? " A swift surf of IMDB.com or Wikipedia and * score * -- I have the answer . But then I end up wandering through various hyperlinks and suddenly it 's 3:30 am and I 'm watching back-to-back episodes of the Muppets in bed . I often wonder what blogger Paul Miller would do . As he 's on a year-long Internet fast , Miller would have to go to a local library and microfiche his way to pop culture know-how . Pulling the plug on the Internet During his self-imposed Internet exile , Miller can not browse the Web -- not even over someone 's shoulder . He can not access NetFlix or other forms of streaming media . Nor can he pay bills online or send a text message . One month into his fast , I asked him why he decided to give up the Net for an entire year . "  I just wanted some time to myself and do some personal study , " he said . "  I know I am most productive when I do n't have the Internet on . I disconnect , I unplug at a coffee shop with no Wi-Fi to get something done . So why not spend a year getting stuff done ? " He describes his first day off the Net as calm and Zen-like : "  For me , it 's such a relief . No one can get hold of me . No one can infringe on my time -- text message me , email me or pull me out of my head space . " But perhaps the greatest takeaway from talking to Miller and reading his regular updates , is knowing that the first generation to come of age on the Internet is becoming the first generation to realize that the Internet ai n't all that . "  Maybe a generation before me or my parents see the Internet as this perfect modern convenience of getting things done . But I know a lot of people my age just live on the Internet , and it fills all their free time , " he added . "  The big thing I 'm trying to do is reclaim my free time . Right now , I 'm bored a lot . I 'm a little lonely too . But I 'm learning to fill that in with things that are not like browsing Reddit or hanging on the Internet . " The Internet has become our hedge against solitude . I admit , I have been guilty of glancing at my smartphone to scroll down a social media feed and thus feel immediately plugged in . But over the years -- and especially since I 've become a parent -- I 've learned to wean myself away from an always online life to spend more face time with family , friends and real world things like parks , picnics and play dates . And yet the Internet is just so seductive . Some crave the sweet lightness of an Instagram sunset . Many are addicted to social media 's short-term rewards like scoring a re-tweet . And yes , a few of us enjoy an occasional hit of downward comparison by laughing at the mishaps of others on FAIL blog . But in addition to the fluff and frivolity , our lives require meaning and significance . Thankfully , that does happen -- and often -- on the Internet . Collective action online has launched groundbreaking new projects , saved women from human trafficking and sparked a revolution . The faces of Egypt 's ` Revolution 2.0 ' But as much as we want to give our modern lives weight , it ca n't be just that . We desire the sweet frivolities of the Internet as well . And like real world junk food , a spoonful of click-through sugar can be good for the soul every now and then . This just in : CNN anchor looks at FAIL blog . Occasionally . Only on Fridays .	Kristie Lu Stout : The Internet dominates our workspace and owns our life space as well Many Americans spend at least eight hours a day staring at a computer or smartphone screen Blogger Paul Miller decided on year-long self-imposed Internet ban to reclaim his life "  I know I am most productive when I do n't have the Internet on . I disconnect , " he says
A third video emerged Wednesday of MIT economist Jonathan Gruber , one of the architects of the Affordable Care Act , or Obamacare , insulting voters and suggesting their ignorance was exploited by those pushing passage of the health care law . Neither the White House nor Gruber would comment . In this one , Gruber was discussing how then-Sen . John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , pushed forward a way to add a tax on expensive health insurance plans , or "  Cadillac Plans , " that would purportedly tax the insurance companies though Gruber suggests everyone knew the companies would just pass on the additional cost to customers . "  It 's a very clever , you know , basic exploitation of the lack of economic understanding of the American voter , " Gruber said at the Honors Colloquium 2012 at the University of Rhode Island . The moment is at about 29:25 in this video . The video was first reported by The Daily Caller . Over the weekend , media first became aware of a video of Gruber making a similar remark -- that the unintelligent voters were hoodwinked by those pushing passage of Obamacare , which was in his view for the good . That video , from the University of Pennsylvania in 2013  which you can see here  featured Gruber saying , "  If you had a law which said healthy people are going to pay in -- if you made it explicit that healthy people pay in and sick people get money , it would not have passed , OK ? Just like how people -- transparent -- lack of transparency is a huge advantage . And basically , you know , call it the stupidity of the American voter or whatever . But basically that was really , really critical to getting the thing to pass . " Gruber said he wished "  we could make it all transparent . But I 'd rather have this law than not . " Asked for reaction to the video , Senator-elect Thom Tillis , R-NC , told The Lead that it sounded like Gruber was arguing that "  the ends justify the means ... That is exactly what the American people are tired of . They want transparency . They want to be treated with respect . We did a lot of very difficult bills since I 've been speaker of the house  of the North Carolina legislature  . Some of them were controversial on both sides of the ideological spectrum . But we took the time to explain it to people and not do this sort of bob and weave . " On Tuesday , Gruber went on MSNBC to offer a mea culpa . "  I was speaking off the cuff and I spoke inappropriately , and I regret making those comments , " he said . But then more videos emerged . Last night , Megyn Kelley on Fox News showed another excerpt of a Gruber lecture , this from Washington University at St. Louis in 2013 , where he said "  they proposed it and that passed , because the American people are too stupid to understand the difference . " The videos were documented over the course of the last year by Rich Weinstein , an investment adviser who became interested in the origins of the law after the price of insurance for his family doubled . Weinstein tells CNN he has many more videos in his collection .	Economist Jonathan Gruber is considered one of the architects of the Affordable Care Act A series of videos of Gruber show him suggesting voters were fooled into backing the law Gruber said Tuesday on MSNBC that he regretted his previous comments
CNN Student News  -- June 4 , 2009 Quick Guide Tiananmen Square - Look back at events that led to powerful protests in China 20 years ago . Security Crackdown - See China 's reaction to media coverage of a significant anniversary . No More Yard Work ? - Check out a new technology that makes lawn care much less manual . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi , I 'm Carl Azuz and this is CNN Student News ! Anyone looking to make money this summer by cutting lawns might have some metallic competition . The explanation on that is coming right up . First Up : Mideast Trip AZUZ : But first , we are reporting on President Obama on his trip to the Middle East . He is in Egypt , and early today , he was scheduled to make a major address at a university in the capital city of Cairo . His main focus was the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , a source of tension in the region and around the world . We 'll have more coverage of the president 's speech in tomorrow 's show . As we 've reported , the goal of this trip is to reset relations between the U.S. and the Muslim world . Yesterday , we looked at a poll about how Americans view Muslim countries . In a recent survey , 14 percent of people in those nations , those Muslim countries , have a favorable view of the U.S. , while a vast majority , 78 percent , have an unfavorable opinion . Before he arrived in Egypt , Obama began his Middle East trip with a stop in Saudi Arabia . He spoke about the importance of visiting the country . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : I thought it was very important to come to the place where Islam began and to seek his majesty 's counsel and to discuss with him many of the issues that we confront here in the Middle East . Word to the Wise GEORGE RAMSAY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : A Word to the Wise ... dissident  noun  someone who disagrees with something , such as an opinion or belief source : www.dictionary.com Tiananmen Square AZUZ : Today marks the 20th anniversary of China 's violent response to a group of dissidents protesting in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square . The demonstrators , many of whom were college students , were speaking out against political policies in the communist nation . Their protests drew the attention of the world . Kristie Lu Stout looks back at the events that led up to the historic moment . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP KRISTIE LU STOUT , CNN ANCHOR , HONG KONG : In the spring of 1989 , the elements for a perfect storm were coming together in Beijing . By the late '80s , a new mood was being felt in the socialist world . Old ways were being challenged . In China too , students and intellectuals were finding new voices , openly discussing taboo topics like democracy and freedom . Even within the communist party there were those who saw reform as the only way forward . And then on April 15th , a momentous death . Hu Yaobang , once the head of the Chinese communist party , had spent the last two years of his life in obscurity . He had fallen foul of hardliners for his reformist views . What followed was a staggering outpouring of grief and anger . Thousands of students flocked into Tiananmen Square . While efforts were made to keep students out , they repeatedly broke through police lines . And amazingly , in a country with no free press and tight controls on foreign media , the world watched these events unfold . By coincidence , the world 's media happened to be in Beijing for a historic summit between China and the Soviet Union . From expressions of grief , the students moved to demands , including a new appraisal of Hu Yaobang , a free press and the right to protest . And it was infectious . Workers , civil servants and others all joined the crowds in Tiananmen . Similar demonstrations broke out in cities throughout China . Domestic media began reporting on the events with unprecedented independence . Upping the ante , the students declared a hunger strike . In meetings with government officials , their demands grew more strident . But after weeks of soft persuasion by moderate officials , the party elders had had enough . The reformist General-Secretary Zhao Ziyang made an emotional last public appearance . In a surprise visit to the square , he told students , "  We have failed you . " And yes , that 's Wen Jiaobao , China 's current prime minister , standing right next to him . That night Zhao was removed from office , and Prime Minister Li Peng declared martial law . "  The Goddess of Democracy " is soon unveiled and becomes a rallying point for the hundreds of thousands now gathered there . The occupation continued until the night of June 3 . Tanks rumbled through the streets of Beijing . And in the early hours of June 4th , 1989 , the People 's Liberation opened fire . The Chinese Red Cross initially reported 2,600 people died over the two days , but later retracted that figure . The official figure stands at 241 dead and 7,000 wounded . Perhaps the most enduring image of Tiananmen is what happened on June the 5th . This lone protester stood defiantly in front of a line of tanks . The world watched and held its breath , until onlookers dragged him away . The "  tank man " captivated the world and , to this day , his identity remains a mystery . Kristie Lu Stout , CNN , Hong Kong . END VIDEO CLIP Security Crackdown AZUZ : A powerful image . The Tiananmen Square demonstration , and especially the image of that single protester and the tanks , became famous . But China often tries to downplay the event . This week , one official referred to it as simply "  a political incident that took place in the late 1980s . " And as John Vause shows us , the government does n't seem too keen on coverage of the anniversary . Watch this . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP JOHN VAUSE , CNN CORRESPONDENT , BEIJING : These plainclothes officials are using these umbrellas here to block our view whenever we try and do any videotaping anywhere near the square . They 're also carrying these walkie talkies , right there . That gentleman has a walkie talkie . So does this other gentleman here . Authorities are also rounding up dissidents . Many , they say , according to some reports , in fact , have been sent out out of town . Others have been detained . University students , too , have also been warned to watch what they say , and there is also heavy security around many of the schools and some of the bigger campuses in Beijing . And right now , as you can see , these officials continually blocking our view to try and stop us from filing any kind of report from Tiananmen Square . END VIDEO CLIP Shoutout RAMSAY : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Templeton 's social science classes at Concord High School in Concord , Michigan . Which of these is NOT a type of grass ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Bermuda , B  Centipede , C  Millipede or D  Blue ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Bermuda , blue and centipede , sure ; but there 's no such thing as millipede grass . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! No More Yard Work ? AZUZ : No matter what kind of grass you 've got this time of year , it all needs cutting . It 's not a fun chore , as many of you know , and some folks might even hire you to take care of it for them . But if you 're looking for an automated option , and you have just a few thousand bucks to spare , a new mini-mower may be right up your alley . Sean Callebs explains the unique yard service . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP SEAN CALLEBS , CNN CORRESPONDENT , NEW ORLEANS : This summer , the Lynch family wants to spend more time playing and less time working . MITZI LYNCH , HOMEOWNER : It 's actually nice to not having to be outside for hours doing yard work for hours on a Saturday afternoon CALLEBS : They 're hoping this little robot can help . LYNCH : My son decided to call it "  mowie . " CALLEBS : Its real name is "  automower , " a battery-operated and self-charging device that could give your lawn that freshly mowed look and you 'll never even break a sweat . So , how does it work ? Simply program the times you want it to start and stop , then a wire installed around your yard lets automower know where to cut and guides it back home when it needs recharging . GENT SIMMONS , PRODUCT MANAGER , HUSQVARNA : It can operate day , night , rain , wind , does n't matter . Automower is designed to be out there whenever you need it out there , regardless of the weather conditions . CALLEBS : And this gadget is just as "  green " as the grass it clips . The automower does n't use gas or oil and gives off zero emissions . Plus ... SIMMONS : You do n't have to have chemicals or fertilizers to put down . The grass decomposing actually acts as a natural fertilizer . I think you are going to see more traditional mowers that will have alternative fuels , more traditional mowers that will have battery technology . This is the way that the industry is trending . CALLEBS : Sean Callebs , CNN . END VIDEO CLIP Stay in touch this summer AZUZ : After tomorrow , our show is taking a two-month break . But we 're not going away completely over the summer ! At CNNStudentNews.com , we 'll be posting new blogs and putting new stories in the Spotlight section . Plus , we 'll be updating the official CNN Student News Facebook page . Plenty of ways for you to spend your summer with CNN Student News ! Before We Go AZUZ : And finally , it is normal to see animals hanging out in trees . Not quite as normal when it 's a bear . And even less normal when that tree is in the middle of a neighborhood ! But that is what happened in Wisconsin this week . The bear found himself a nice perch and just kind of hung around for a while . No wild ending here . Eventually , it just came down on its own . Which experts say is the right way to handle this situation . Goodbye AZUZ : So remember , the next time you see a bear in a tree , just leaf him alone . Yeah , I know it . That was just horrible . But there 's just one more show to go this school year , so we hope you 'll bear with us . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Look back at events that led to powerful protests in China 20 years ago See China 's reaction to media coverage of a significant anniversary Check out a new technology that makes lawn care much less manual
CNN  -- Android smartphones can do a lot , but unless you 're already an Android power user or enjoy configuring a sophisticated device , getting set up on your first Android phone is probably a bit of an ordeal . Speaking from experience , it 's definitely not as simple or straightforward as getting started with your first iPhone . Sprint aims to ease the setup process with Sprint ID , a service launched this month for the carrier 's new mid-range Android phones . In a nutshell , Sprint is providing preconfigured packages of apps , wallpaper , icons , ringtones and premium content  through partnerships with major media brands  . Sprint ID packs are free to download and install , but users are charged for premium content and features delivered through those packs . Users can customize their own phones further , and you can load up to to five Sprint ID packs on a device . This may sound limiting to experienced smartphone users , but it 's probably a good enough starting point for most beginning Android users , especially if you just got your first-ever phone that goes beyond what a basic feature phone or messaging phone can do . As a Sprint news release notes : "  According to the Pew Research Center , more than one third of US adults own smartphones , but three out of four of those owners do n't use many of the smartphone 's features . It 's not because they do n't want apps that are cool or make their lives easier ; it 's because finding the right content is simply too confusing , time consuming or even intimidating . " Phonescoop is reporting that Sprint is also rolling out the Sprint ID service for higher-end Android devices -- specifically the Samsung Epic 4G and the forthcoming Samsung Galaxy tablet . It probably would have to come up with far more sophisticated packages to make this service compelling to users of those devices . We 'll see what emerges on this front . The Sprint ID concept is intriguing . Basically , it 's selling "  skins " for Android devices . In this case , the purpose is to ease the less-experienced user 's setup process and overall experience . But skins for Android devices can serve many purposes for all kinds of users . And the more the device can do , the greater the opportunities for creating compelling skins that integrate a wide range of content and functions . Sprint views Sprint ID not just as a service for the packs it decides to offer , but a platform through which others can create and offer their own custom Android skins . These could be sold or given away either to the general public or a select group of users , such as fans of a particular band or team , or employees of a large company . The October 12 episode of "  The Cell Phone Junkie Unlocked " podcast included an interview at CTIA with a Sprint representative who explained that the Sprint ID platform basically allows developers to create custom collections of applications , widgets and other tools to serve specific user groups . For instance , many large companies already provide smartphones for their employees . The IT or telecom department of a large company like FedEx or Merrill Lynch might use Sprint ID to deploy an Android skin for its employees that would include access to in-house proprietary tools or information . Employees could activate the job-related skin during the workday , then switch to a personal skin  or no skin  when off-duty . This week 's Sprint Developer Conference included several sessions that focus on Sprint ID , so expect to see the list of available public and proprietary Sprint ID packs expanding significantly in coming months . Sprint has n't yet specified how it will choose those it will allow to create Sprint ID packs . I doubt this carrier 's platform would be wide open to any developer for any purpose , like the Android App Market . Also , Sprint ID packs are , of course , available only to Sprint customers , but Android devices are now available on every carrier . Maybe alternative Android skin platforms might arise , and they might be open , rather than tied to specific wireless carriers . Android Central speculated that this strategy may "  spell doom " for phone manufacturers ' custom Android user interfaces like HTC Sense or Samsung Touchwiz . What if you could get an Android skin for the city where you live , or for particular news venues , or organizations that you support ? Why not an Android skin for Denver residents , or Texas Republicans , or stock traders , or people who track bills in Congress , or the BBC , or the Natural Resources Defense Council , or Presbyterians ? Right now , there are smartphone apps to serve these communities -- but apps are n't everything . A custom skin could allow you to integrate mobile web bookmarks , widgets , messaging services , ticker-style updates and more in one experience that you could turn on and off at will on your phone . It 'll be interesting to see how this concept develops and spreads .	Sprint aims to ease the setup process with Sprint ID Sprint providing preconfigured packages of apps , wallpaper , icons , ringtones , etc. . Packs are free to download and install , but users are charged for premium content
CNN  -- French actress Julie Gayet , the woman at the center of an alleged love affair with French President Francois Hollande , has received a best supporting actress nomination from the French Academy of Cinema Arts and Techniques , the academy said Friday . Gayet 's private life has been the subject of global headlines since the French magazine Closer said this month she had been having an affair with Hollande for two years . Gayet was nominated by the academy for her performance in "  Quai d'Orsay " , a movie about the behind-the-scene intrigues at the French Foreign Ministry . The annual Cesar Award Ceremony , France 's equivalent to the Oscars , will take place on February 28 in Paris . The President , who has not confirmed or denied the claims about the alleged affair , announced Saturday that his relationship with partner and first lady Valerie Trierweiler was over . Trierweiler sent a goodbye message Saturday via Twitter to the staff at the presidential palace .	French actress Julie Gayet receives a best supporting actress nomination She is at the center of an alleged love affair with President Francois Hollande Her private life has been in global headlines
CNN  -- Security forces have begun removing tanks from the volatile Syrian city of Hama , a sign that the tensions there could be easing . Ammar Qurabi , chairman of the National Organization for Human Rights in Syria and Omar Habbal , a prominent opposition activist in Hama told CNN that tanks just inside the city are withdrawing . Hama has been wracked with violence and a general strike this week after a series of peaceful demonstrations , including a huge anti-government demonstration on Friday . President Bashar al-Assad fired the Hama provincial governor on Saturday and security forces moved to the outskirts of the city . A fierce crackdown ensued in the area , with activists and Human Rights Watch reporting many arrests and deaths . Qurabi said 34 people were killed Tuesday and Wednesday alone . He and Habbal said the general strike called by activists several days ago continues with businesses , schools , and offices across the city closed . Residents have created security barriers to protect themselves . "  The city streets are deserted and it is difficult to move thorough the city because of the checkpoints set up on every corner by residents , " Habbal said . Syria has denied that a military campaign was under way against Hama , even as human rights groups reported deaths , arrests and clashes on the outskirts of the city . "  The Syrian army did not enter and will not enter Hama , " a Syrian government official told CNN Wednesday . "  The army is present at the city 's entrances to facilitate the entry of government employees who live in the Hama countryside and work in government offices in the city ; some people in Hama prevented them from entering the city by cutting off roads . " It is unclear whether Hama residents will turn out for nationwide demonstrations on Friday after Muslim prayers . The theme of the protests is "  no dialogue , " a reference to the government-sponsored dialogue with the opposition members this weekend . Demonstrators are calling for all opposition leaders to boycott the initiative . Activists have said that , since mid-March , violence has been started by security personnel who have used brute force to break up peaceful demonstrations , but the Syrian regime has blamed "  armed groups " for the bloodshed . The city is a sensitive spot for Syrian authorities . In 1982 , it was the scene of a brutal military crackdown targeting Sunni Muslims by the Alawite-dominated government of Hafez al-Assad , President Bashar al-Assad 's late father . Many thousands were killed , with Human Rights Watch putting the toll at 10,000 .	Tanks said to be pulling back from Hama City has been wracked with violence and a general strike Syria has denied that a military campaign was under way against Hama
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. military 's Missile Defense Agency will practice protecting the United States from a simulated Iranian missile attack next month in an exercise using the agency 's newest missile-killing technology , Pentagon officials said Friday . Previous tests have been focused on a missile trajectory that mimics an attack from North Korea , but the January test will have a trajectory and distance resembling an intercontinental ballistic missile launch from Iran . At the same time , the agency will be testing its new "  Capability-2 " technology , with upgraded software and sensors loaded inside an interceptor missile that will be fired at the fake Iranian missile . The Capability-2 technology is designed to eventually replace the existing hardware the United States has in its two missile defense bases in California and Alaska , according to Rick Lehner , a spokesman for the Missile Defense Agency . While intelligence assessments of that country 's capabilities now suggest an Iranian ICBM threat is as far away as 2020 , this test was planned more than three years ago , when the threat seemed much closer , Lehner said . In the January test , the fake ICBM is slated to originate from the Missile Defense Agency 's launch facility in the Marshall Islands in the South Pacific while the interceptor missile will be launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California , according to Lehner . Missile defense tests have been likened to hitting a bullet with a bullet . This test will be even more difficult : It will be like hitting a bullet head-on with another bullet , because any launch from Iran would have a trajectory that would require a U.S. interceptor missile hitting the target directly , Lehner said . The missiles will be flying at speeds of between 17,000 and 18,000 miles per hour , according to Lehner , about 3,000 mph faster than tests involving mock North Korean missiles . The speed will reduce the strike window , meaning the interceptor , also known as the "  kill vehicle , " will have to work even faster at identifying and striking the target missile . The United States has only two missile defense bases , one at Vandenberg , with three missiles , and the other at Fort Greely , Alaska , with 20 interceptor missiles at the ready . Lehner said that if Iran were to launch an ICBM attack against the United States , the most likely defense option would be firing a missile from Alaska , because of the shorter distance around the globe . The United States was prepared to put a third missile defense site in eastern Europe , but the Obama administration scrapped that option because of the reduced ICBM threat from Iran . In its place , the administration said it will move ships with the capability of shooting down short - and medium-range missile from Iran which , they say , pose a greater threat to Iran 's neighbors and U.S. bases in the Middle East .	Previous tests have been focused on a trajectory that mimics a North Korean attack This test is made more difficult by the different trajectory of the incoming missile In the January test , fake ICBM will be launched from the Marshall Islands Interceptor missile will be launched from California , agency spokesman says
CNN  -- Bolivian police have seized a massive stash of cocaine diluted inside hundreds of wine bottles , state media reported Thursday . Authorities believe the $ 2 million worth of diluted and solid cocaine is tied to a drug trafficking organization that made shipments to Italy , the state-run ABI news agency said . Police said they arrested a Brazilian suspect in a raid in a residential neighborhood in the city of Santa Cruz . The man tried to kill himself with a pocket knife when authorities cornered him , according to ABI . "  They were diluting it and putting it in bottles that they were going to put wine labels on , " Marco Centellas , head of Bolivia 's special forces to combat drug trafficking , told the state news agency .	Police believe the cocaine is tied to an organization that shipped drugs to Italy Some of the cocaine was hidden inside wine bottles Authorities say the stash was worth about $ 2 million A suspect allegedly tried to kill himself with a pocket knife
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra dissolved the nation 's parliament Monday and called for new elections . But the move did little to appease anti-government protesters who remained on the streets by the thousands . Between 100,000 and 150,000 demonstrators rallied in Bangkok , with protest leaders saying their goal Monday is to storm Shinawatra 's office , known as Government House . The country will hold new elections by February 2 , but embattled Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra may not be her party 's choice to run , a government spokesman told CNN on Monday . "  I do n't know whether the Pheu Thai Party will still vote  for  her to run again or not , " said spokesman Teerat Ratanasevi , referring to the ruling party . Yingluck 's move Monday comes a day after Thailand 's main opposition party , Democrat Party , said its roughly 150 members would resign en masse from parliament because they could no longer work with the government . "  I do n't want our country and the Thai people to suffer from more losses , " Yingluck said in a televised address . But opposition party leader Abhisit Vejjajiva said the massive protests leave the government little choice . "  I think the best way for the Prime Minister to show responsibility is by returning power to the people , " he told CNN . Still , dissolving parliament and calling elections appear unlikely to placate protest leader Suthep Thaugsuban , a former deputy prime minister for the Democrat Party . He has called for power to be transferred to an unelected "  people 's council . " Q&A : What 's behind the protests in Thailand ? Thaksin 's influence During the weeks of demonstrations , protesters have occupied various government offices . The rallies have been mostly peaceful , but clashes between protesters and government supporters on November 30 left five people dead . Protesters and police , who had confronted each other with tear gas and rocks in parts of Bangkok last week , agreed to a truce Tuesday in a show of respect for Thailand 's revered king , who celebrated his 86th birthday Thursday . Protest leaders have said they want to rid Thailand of the influence of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , the older brother of Yingluck . That 's an ambitious goal in a country where parties affiliated with Thaksin , who built his political success on populist policies that appealed to Thailand 's rural heartland , have won every election since 2001 . Thaksin was ousted in a military coup in 2006 and has spent most of the time since then in exile overseas . If he returns , he risks a two-year prison sentence on a corruption conviction , which he says was politically motivated . The current protests in Bangkok were prompted by a botched attempt by Yingluck 's government to pass an amnesty bill that would have opened the door for her brother 's return . That move added fuel for critics who accuse Yingluck of being nothing more than Thaksin 's puppet , an allegation she has repeatedly denied . Revered king asks for unity in birthday speech	NEW : Elections to be held by February 2 , spokesman says NEW : He also says it 's not certain Yingluck 's party will vote for her to run Between 100,000 and 150,000 demonstrators rallied in Bangkok Protesters were headed toward the PM 's office
New York  CNN  -- Days after a monster blizzard blanketed much of the northeastern U.S. , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said he will investigate whether sanitation workers intentionally delayed cleanup efforts over frustrations regarding citywide budget cuts . "  It would be an outrage if it took place , " Bloomberg said Thursday , stressing that his administration 's primary focus is clearing streets in the city 's outer boroughs . Some neighborhoods remained snowbound for days after the storm . Rumors swirled across New York on Thursday that sanitation officers ordered rank-and-file workers to slow down cleanup efforts in retaliation for the city 's belt-tightening measures . City councilman Dan Halloran said three sanitation workers and two Department of Transportation supervisors came to his office saying their supervisors ordered the slowdown , telling workers "  The mayor will see how much he needs us " and that "  there will be plenty of overtime . " Bloomberg said that budget cuts had not yet taken effect , but defended them , saying "  the state is facing a budget deficit that 's going to filter down to us . " The slow cleanup effort hampered morning commuters , delayed first responders and even prevented aircraft service personnel from reaching airports where 29 international flights were stuck on the tarmac for more than three hours , officials said . By Thursday , snow plows had reached nearly every street in the city , Bloomberg said . The head of New York 's sanitation workers ' union , Harry Nespoli , said he was not aware of any slowdown and doubts there was a protest by workers . Nespoli said "  it was one of the biggest blizzards I 've ever seen , " with wind conditions that severely reduced drivers ' visibility and hampered cleanup efforts . He had earlier blamed harsh winds and budget cuts as reasons for the slow response . "  We were 400 people short , " said Nespoli , president of the Uniformed Sanitationmen 's Association . "  There are certain services that should not be affected . The people pay taxes for it . " New York 's Sanitation Officers Association on Thursday posted comments denying allegations of a slowdown . "  When look around your neighborhood and wonder what the heck happened with the City 's snow fighting ability you do n't have to look any further than City Hall , " the website said . Sanitation Commissioner John Doherty also said he had not seen evidence of a worker protest . "  But we have to look into that , " he said . Outgoing New York Gov. David Paterson has also weighed in , saying it would be a "  very , very serious breach " if the accusations are accurate . Paterson called for an investigation Thursday .	NEW : Sanitation Officers Association denies allegations of a worker slowdown New York Gov. David Paterson calls for an investigation Sanitation workers union leader says he is unaware of any slowdown "  It would be an outrage if it took place , " Mayor Michael Bloomberg says
CNN  -- Somalia may need to triple its peacekeeping troops to 20,000 in the coming months to combat a surging threat by militants , a U.N. official said . "  The threat level in Mogadishu and in southern-central Somalia has actually increased , " Augustine Mahiga told the U.N. Security Council on Thursday . Mahiga said he is concerned about the security in the country and its impact in the region . "  A scaled up assistance from the international community is needed to make a difference , " said Mahiga , the special envoy to Somalia . The additional troops , he said , will help fight Islamist rebels who have been battling peacekeeping troops and government forces . The African Union Mission in Somalia has been helping government forces fight al Shabab rebels in the country . African Union peacekeepers are mostly from Uganda and Burundi . The troop currently has about 6,000 troops -- 2,000 short of its authorized limit , Mahiga said . The envoy said plans are under way to submit a request for more troops in Somalia to the United Nations Security Council . Al Shabab has claimed responsibility for July suicide attacks in Uganda that left more than 70 people dead . The United States considers the group , which is al Qaeda 's proxy in the country , a terrorist organization . Al-Shabaab is waging a war against Somalia 's government in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law , or sharia . Somalia has not had a stable government since 1991 , and fighting between the rebels and government troops has escalated the humanitarian crisis in the famine-ravaged country .	The threat level is going up , a U.N. envoy says Additional troops will help combat a rising threat by Islamist rebels
CNN  -- Soaring temperatures and strong winds have combined to create a "  catastrophic " fire threat across the southeast Australian state of New South Wales . Residents have been warned to remain vigilant as temperatures rise towards a predicted high of 43 degrees  109 degrees Fahrenheit  in the state capital of Sydney . In some areas of the state , winds of more than 70 kilometers an hour  43 mph  were threatening to fan the flames of fires already burning . However , a change in wind direction had caused temperatures in certain parts of the state to fall , offering some relief . A "  catastrophic " fire risk has been declared in four areas of NSW , although the risk across 90 % of the state is "  severe " or above . A "  catastrophic " warning carries the risk of significant loss of life and the destruction of many homes , according to the NSW Rural Fire Service  NSW RFS  . "  I can not say it more plainly : the risk is real and potentially deadly . People need to act now , " the service 's Commissioner Shane Fitzsimmons said . The "  catastrophic " fire threat had led many to fear a repeat of "  Black Saturday " in 2009 , when soaring temperatures and high winds fanned the flames of a series of bushfires across the state of Victoria , leaving 173 people dead and 500 injured , and destroying thousands of homes . On Tuesday afternoon , the Australian government announced that the state fire service would be granted access to Defence Force bases , fuel and personnel as part of the federal government disaster response plan . Earlier , Prime Minister Julia Gillard warned it was "  dangerous " day and urged people to "  stay focused . " "  The word catastrophic is being used for good reason , " Gillard told CNN affiliate the Seven Network . "  It is very important that people keep themselves safe , that they listen to local authorities and local warnings . " Total fire bans were place in the states of NSW , Victoria and across the whole of Tasmania , the southern island state ravaged by fire in recent days . On Tuesday afternoon , more than 130 fires were burning throughout NSW , with over 40 of those yet to be controlled , according to NSW RFS . There were no reports of any homes having being destroyed but authorities warned that the dry , hot conditions were expected to stretch into the night . "  It 's a long way ahead -- we 've got a lot of daylight left and a lot of nighttime left under these conditions , " Fitzsimmons said . Thousands of firefighters were battling blazes on the ground , and more than 40 aircraft and 250 fire trucks had been deployed , a fire service spokeswoman said . Thousands more firefighters were on standby in high risk areas , including 21 "  strike teams , " each consisting of five tankers to assist local brigades . The fire service said it was relying on people to report fires in their areas , but that surveillance flights were also monitoring the landscape for smoke and flames . Authorities said residents and tourists had responded well to early warnings to abandon properties under threat . "  If you are in a bushfire risk area -- if you are an at risk location , leaving early is the safest option , " Fitzsimmons said . Record high temperatures and the delayed state of the Australian monsoon season have created a tinderbox out of large swathes of bush and scrub land across the state . The last four months of 2012 were "  abnormally hot " across Australia , according to the Australian Bureau of Meterology . Average maximum temperatures were the highest since records began in 1910 . In the first days of the new year , extreme heat contributed to the spread of fires across Tasmania . Firefighters are still on alert , tackling a number of blazes , as residents who were in the path of the earlier fires returned to the charred rubble of their homes . More than 100 properties were destroyed or damaged , though authorities warn more may be at risk . Rescue workers are continuing to search for human remains as around 100 people have still not contacted friends or family , according to Tasmania police . "  It 's vitally important that all people who were in the area at the time , and are OK , self-register their details with the National Registration and Inquiry Service operated by the Red Cross , " said Acting Deputy Commissioner Donna Adams . Meanwhile , police have charged a 31-year-old man for allegedly causing one of the worst of the fires by leaving a campfire unattended that was not completely extinguished .	NEW : Federal government steps in with fuel , personnel to help NSW fire effort More than 130 fires are burning across NSW during one of the hottest days on record 90 % of the Australian state is under "  severe " or higher fire warnings High temperatures and dry conditions have combined to create "  dangerous day "
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama will sign into law Wednesday the Wall Street reform bill -- the most-sweeping set of changes to America 's financial regulatory system since the 1930s . The legislation will vastly reform the way big financial firms do business . This is "  reform that will prevent the kind of shadowy deals that led to this crisis , reform that would never again put taxpayers on the hook for Wall Street 's mistakes , " the president said last week . The bill aims to strengthen consumer protection , rein in complex financial products and head off more bank bailouts . The Senate approved the reforms Thursday on a 60 to 39 vote , ending more than a year-long effort to pass legislation in response to the 2008 financial crisis . To secure enough votes , Senate Democrats made lots of deals , which watered down the bill . For example , Wall Street banks will get wiggle room to make limited risky bets , which is tougher than the current law , but weaker than earlier drafts . The legislation would establish a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau inside the Federal Reserve that could write new rules to protect consumers from unfair or abusive practices in mortgages and credit cards . The bill creates a new council of regulators , lead by the Treasury Department , that would set new standards for how much cash banks must keep on hand to prevent them from triggering a financial crisis . It would also establish new procedures for shutting down giant financial firms that are collapsing . The measure would put new limits on Wall Street banks ' speculative bets for their own accounts and their ability to own hedge funds , while leaving the door open for some investment activities . The bill aims to shine a brighter light on some complex financial products , called derivatives , that are blamed for exacerbating the collapse of financial companies such as American International Group and Lehman Brothers . It would force most derivatives onto clearinghouses and exchanges , to better pinpoint the value of the trades . And it would insert a middleman between trades , so that financial firms are less interconnected , to prevent the domino effect of financial firm failures in 2008 . "  We made a promise in the fall of '08 that we 'd do everything in our power to see to it we 'd never again put the American public in the position we were in September and early October 2008 , " Sen. Christopher Dodd , D-Conn. , said after the Senate vote . "  And we have fulfilled that promise with this legislation . " Republicans objected to some of the bill 's major provisions , particularly parts that establish the consumer agency and create new rules for the derivatives . While they generally favored more consumer protection and more regulation of derivatives , they argued that the legislation is too heavy-handed in these areas . They also object to the fact that the bill virtually ignores the increasingly insolvent government-owned mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , beyond studying their problems . " -LSB- This bill -RSB- is widely expected to stifle growth and kill jobs , " said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Ky . In fact , House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , called for the repeal of the reform bill hours before the Senate even passed it . Yet Republican Maine Sens. Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins , as well as Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown voted for the bill , joining 57 Democrats to limit debate and move forward . One Democrat , Sen. Russ Feingold of Wisconsin opposes the bill , saying it is n't aggressive enough against Wall Street .	The legislation changes the way Wall Street does business The Wall Street reform bill passed last week on a 60 to 39 vote The bill aims to strengthen consumer protection
New York  CNN  -- Two American flags that were taken from the Brooklyn Bridge are now in the United States and are expected to be returned to the New York Police Department Friday , a law enforcement official tells CNN . The NYPD said they believe a pair of German artists took the flags and replaced them with two white flags late on July 21 , the official added . The white banners were spotted early in the morning on July 22 by construction workers . At the time of the stunt , many New Yorkers wondered whether it represented an act of terrorism or an anti-American statement . But the artists , Matthias Wermke and Mischa Leinkauf , said the replacement of the American flags with two massive white flags last month was nothing more than an "  art project " by the two performance artists meant to deal with "  questions of historical legacy and art in the public sphere . " The investigation into the incident is ongoing , and it 's still unclear what , if any , charges the artists will face , according to the official . The artists dubbed the project "  White American Flags , " saying that "  like an empty canvas , White American Flags invites many readings , multiple interpretations and projections . " Wermke and Leinkauf also stressed they "  were careful to treat the bridge and the flags with respect and followed the U.S. Flag Code . " "  White American Flags " was meant in part as a tribute to the German-born American architect of the Brooklyn Bridge , John August Roebling , who left Germany in 1831 "  in search of a better future in the land of freedom and opportunity , " the artists ' statement said . As part of the investigation after the switch , intelligence analysts looked into any possible significance of the day that was chosen to see whether that would yield clues . The date turned out to be the 145th anniversary of Roebling 's death . The Brooklyn Bridge opened in 1883 and at that time was the longest suspension bridge , according to the New York City Department of Transportation .	Two U.S. flags taken from Brooklyn Bridge expected to be returned to the NYPD Friday The NYPD believes a pair of German artists replaced the flags with two white flags Two white flags were spotted by construction workers the morning of July 22 The investigation is ongoing and it 's unclear what charges , if any , the artists will face
President Barack Obama offered a bullish assessment of his war on Islamic terrorists in Syria and Iraq on Monday , even as he acknowledged small gains by ISIS would mean the U.S. engagement there will be prolonged . Speaking inside a New Jersey airplane hangar with a massive Navy C-130 as his backdrop , Obama said the U.S. was "  hammering these terrorists " by taking out supply chains and disrupting the network 's command structure . "  We have blunted their momentum and put them on the defensive , " Obama said . "  They may think that they can chalk up some quick victories , but our reach is long , " he said . "  We do not give up . You threaten America , you will have no safe haven . We will find you , and like petty tyrants and terrorists before you , the world is going to leave you behind and keep moving on without you , because we will get you . " Obama flew to Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst , near Trenton , to offer his thanks to U.S. military personnel , many of whom have served in combat zones . He said the 3,000 troops who filled the hangar they were like "  Santa in fatigues " for the work they had carried out on behalf of the United States . During his remarks he noted his efforts to wind down the war in Afghanistan , where the U.S. combat mission will conclude at year 's end . The Obama administration initially said 9,800 troops would remain in Afghanistan next year , but earlier this month , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said the number would include up to 1,000 additional troops . Hagel said the increased force would help provide "  flexibility " as the U.S. works to maintain security in the country , which has been beset by a resurgence in Taliban attacks . "  This month , America 's war in Afghanistan will come to a responsible end , " Obama said . "  That does n't mean that everything 's great in Afghanistan . Afghanistan is still a very dangerous place . " In New Jersey Obama was greeted by Republican Gov. Chris Christie , a vocal critic of Obama who has still maintained a amiable relationship with the President . The pair shook hands and spoke for more than a minute on the military tarmac where Air Force One landed on Monday afternoon , before proceeding together to the airplane hanger where Obama delivered his address . Christie , who is considering a run for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination , drew fire from fellow Republicans when he hugged Obama during a tour of Hurricane Sandy aftermath in 2012 . That outing featured a football throwing contest on the Asbury Park boardwalk ; Obama said Monday he wanted a "  rematch " with the governor .	President Barack Obama traveled to Fort Dix , New Jersey , on Monday to visit troops Obama said the U.S. is "  hammering " ISIS GOP Gov. Chris Christie met the Obama on the tarmac
Al Qaeda 's affiliate in Yemen -- al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -- strongly rebuked ISIS in a video released Friday , declaring ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi 's declaration of an Islamic caliphate to be illegitimate . The statement , delivered by one of AQAP 's top clerics -- Harith bin Ghazi al-Nadhari -- is a significant setback to ISIS efforts to assume leadership of the global jihadist movement a week after groups in Egypt and Libya joined the ISIS fold . ISIS and al Qaeda 's top leadership in Pakistan had a bitter falling out earlier this year , and al Qaeda and ISIS fighters have been fighting each other in Syria , but AQAP had until now stayed above the fray , calling for both sides to reconcile and pool resources to strike the United States . But when al-Baghdadi declared in an audiotape released last week his Islamic State had expanded to Yemen , as well as other Middle Eastern countries , it was too much for the AQAP leadership to stomach . By claiming Yemen for his caliphate , al-Baghdadi had called into question the very right of AQAP to exist as a separate and autonomous jihadi group , leaving its leadership no choice but to push back . "  We did not want to talk about the current dispute and the sedition in Syria ... however , our brothers in the Islamic State ... surprised us with several steps , including their announcement of the caliphate -LSB- and -RSB- they announced the expansion of the caliphate in a number of countries which they have have no governance , and considered them to be provinces that belonged to them , " al-Nadhari stated , according to a translation by the SITE intelligence group . "  The announcement of the caliphate for all Muslims by our brothers in the Islamic State did not meet the required conditions , " al-Nashari argued , because other jihadi groups were not consulted . The cleric also criticized ISIS for "  going too far in interpretations in terms of spilling inviolable blood under the excuse of expanding and spreading the power of the Islamic State . " And in a repudiation of al-Baghdadi 's claim to supremacy among jihadis , he reaffirmed the group 's pledge of allegiance to al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri and Taliban leader Mullah Omar . In forcing AQAP to publicly choose sides , al-Baghdadi appears to have badly miscalculated . AQAP leader Nasir al Wuhayshi , despite being named the number two of al Qaeda globally by al-Zawahiri last year , had been careful not to weigh in publicly on the dispute between al Qaeda and ISIS , restricting himself only to a poem he released in July praising his Egyptian boss . In February , the general command of al Qaeda declared it had severed ties with ISIS because of its insubordination and its brutal tactics against fellow Muslims . By then , Jabhat al Nusra , al Qaeda 's affiliate in Syria , and ISIS were already fighting each other in parts of northern Syria . Although U.S airstrikes against both groups in recent weeks have led to ceasefires and some cooperation at the local level against moderate rebel groups , relations have remained tense . AQAP divisions over ISIS The AQAP leadership 's rebuke of ISIS is not likely to go down well with all its members . Wuhayshi had avoided previously criticizing al-Baghdadi because he feared it might exacerbate divisions inside his own group . ISIS 's rapid territorial expansion in Iraq and Syria electrified many jihadis in Yemen , and led to disagreements within the group . "  We have discussed that which resulted from the dispute and the infighting in Sham  Syria  with debate and argument ... however , we pardoned those who raised such issues , " al-Nadhari acknowledged in the video released Friday . Everything to know about the rise of ISIS In January , one mid-level AQAP figure -- Mamoun Hatem -- tweeted his support for ISIS as its feud with al Qaeda heated up , prompting speculation of discord within its ranks . This past summer , Abdul Majid al Raymi , a leading Yemeni Salafi-jihadi preacher long admired by AQAP , also came out in support for ISIS , asking his large number of followers in Yemen to do the same . The U.S. air campaign against ISIS further boosted the popularity of ISIS in Yemeni jihadi circles , prompting AQAP to release a message of solidarity . "  Their blood is our blood , and their wounds are in our hearts , and supporting them is a duty upon us . Once we find a way to afflict America , we will follow it , Allah permitting , " the group stated in a statement posted on Twitter on August 14 , and translated by SITE . Even in disagreement , respect All this has made AQAP leaders tread carefully . Even in rebuking ISIS , AQAP 's al-Nadhari was careful to refer to al-Baghdadi respectfully as "  sheikh . " The cleric expressed hope that divisions between ISIS and Nusra could be healed and left the door open for fences to be mended between AQAP and ISIS if al-Baghdadi withdrew his fatwa claiming Yemen for his caliphate . "  We express our utmost joy to having received good news about what we heard of signs of stopping the infighting among the mujahideen in the Sham front -LSB- Syria -RSB- , " al-Nadhari stated . Despite the possibility of growing discord within AQAP , there are no signs of any immediate threat to Wuhayshi 's leadership . To date , no senior leader within AQAP has broken ranks and come out in favor of ISIS . Wuhayshi , by all accounts , remains exceptionally popular with the group 's rank-and file-fighters , who have been energized by a call to arms to fight Shia Houthi fighters who recently took control of Sana'a . But AQAP 's rebuke of ISIS increases the chances of a splinter group emerging . Last week , a group calling itself Mujahideen in Yemen recorded a tape pledging loyalty to Baghdadi . Egyptian terror group pledges alliance to ISIS For ISIS , the rebuke by AQAP is a significant setback after recent wins elsewhere in the region in its jockeying with al Qaeda for pre-eminence in the global jihadi movement . Last week , Ansar Beit al Maqdis , an increasingly powerful Egyptian group based in the Sinai , declared allegiance to al-Baghdadi , as did veteran Libyan ISIS fighters who have taken control of Derna , a major town in eastern Libya . Small splinter factions of the Pakistani Taliban and al Qaeda in North Africa , as well as a group of fighters in Saudi Arabia , also declared their support . The AQAP move may see the Yemeni group step up cooperation with Jabhat al Nusra in Syria . U.S. officials believe AQAP has shared sophisticated bomb-making technology with the Khorasan Group , a Nusra-linked outfit of veteran al Qaeda operatives plotting terrorist attacks against Western aviation . The prospects of ISIS also receiving such bomb-making know-how from the Yemeni group appear to have dimmed . Why ISIS is spreading across Muslim world	Al Qaeda group in Yemen rebukes ISIS Leaders unhappy with al-Baghdadi caliphate plans AQAP reaffirms allegiance to head of al Qaeda
CNN  -- Robbie Tolan sits in a Houston , Texas , hospital bed with a bullet from a police officer 's gun lodged in his liver . The son of a famed baseball player was shot in his own driveway . Robbie Tolan was shot December 31 by a police officer in his driveway . He was unarmed . But how this unarmed 23-year-old and his cousin ended up in the cross-hairs of an officer 's gun , suspected of stealing a car , is a question sparking allegations of racial profiling . "  There 's no doubt in my mind that if these had been white kids this does not happen , " said David Berg , Tolan 's attorney . It was 2 a.m. on December 31 when Tolan and his cousin , Anthony Cooper , were confronted in the driveway of their home by Bellaire , Texas , police officers . Police officials say the officers suspected the two young men were driving a stolen car . Bellaire is a prominent , mostly white suburb in southwest Houston . . Watch outrage over shooting of an unarmed man " Robbie Tolan is the son of a once-prominent professional baseball player . His father , Bobby Tolan , had a 15-year career for the St. Louis Cardinals and Cincinnati Reds , spanning 1965 to 1979 . He played on one of the most-heralded Cardinal teams ever : the 1967 World Series champs . The younger Tolan is just starting to develop his own baseball career . He 's played in the Washington Nationals minor league system and spent part of last season playing for the Bay Area Toros of the Continental Baseball League . Tolan 's relatives say the two young men had just arrived from a late-night run to a Jack-in-the-Box fast food restaurant . As they walked up the driveway to their home , Anthony Cooper said an unidentified man emerged from the darkness with a flashlight and a gun pointed at them . "  We did not know it was a police officer , " said Cooper . "  He said , ` Stop . Stop . ' And we were like , ` Why ? Who are you ? ' " The officers ordered both men to lie down on the ground . Tolan 's parents heard the commotion and came outside . Police will only say an "  altercation " took place . Tolan 's family say it involved his mother . "  The cop pushed her against the wall , " said Tolan 's uncle , Mike Morris . Relatives say Tolan started to lean up from the ground to ask the officer what he was doing to his mother . That 's when the family says Tolan was shot in the chest , the bullet piercing his lung and then lodging in his liver . But Tolan 's SUV was n't stolen . Both men were unarmed and relatives say they were hardly a threat to the police officer . Anger over the shooting has been building over the last week . "  He was the victim of the worst case and worst kind of racial profiling , " said community activist Quannel X . The Bellaire Police Department has called the shooting "  tragic " and put the officer involved in the incident on administrative leave . "  Anytime someone is injured we take it very seriously , " said Byron Holloway , Assistant Chief of the Bellaire Police Department . "  But any allegation of racial profiling , I do n't think that 's going to float . " The police department is investigating and the district attorney 's office in Houston is also looking into whether charges will be filed against the police officer . The policeman is a white , 10-year veteran of the force whom police say has an excellent record . Bellaire Police officials are no longer talking publicly about the case . The department 's assistant chief says they 're investigating how the officers on the scene mistakenly determined that the SUV Tolan and his cousin were driving had been stolen . Robbie Tolan remains in a Houston hospital . Relatives say he is in severe pain but is expected to recover . But his attorney says that Tolan 's baseball career might be over . Tolan 's father is n't worried about that . "  I 'm not concerned about his career as a baseball player . I 'm concerned about his health , " said Bobby Tolan .	23-year-old son of former baseball star shot in his driveway by police officer Robbie Tolan , a minor league baseballer , remains hospitalized with bullet in liver Family alleges racial profiling : "  If these had been white kids , this does not happen " Tolan 's father , Bobby , had a 15-year career in the majors
San Francisco  CNN  -- Joining "  likes " on Facebook , the social network has added dozens of new types of posts , including "  bought , " "  read " and "  want . " Sixty applications that let users publish information automatically to Facebook launched at a news conference held at a trendy nightclub here on Wednesday . Many of these are new versions of existing online services or mobile apps . Apps for foodies , like Foodspotting and Foodily , can publish to a user 's Facebook profile when she updates her digital diary of meals . Ticketmaster can publish to Facebook when customers buy concert tickets . Like with Facebook Music , the social network may create monthly personalized reports that are posted to a person 's profile showing how the app was used at any given time . For example , someone could see the places a friend traveled to last summer , thanks to TripAdvisor . Since the launch of Facebook Music in September , participants such as MOG and Spotify have reported large increases in membership . Some 400,000 people coming from Facebook have signed up for MOG accounts since September , and each day , Facebook sends an average of 4,000 people who have never visited MOG before , David Hyman , the music company 's CEO , said in a phone interview . "  The platform itself is the biggest traffic generator we 've ever had , " Hyman said . "  It is very significant . " Facebook programmers have created a mathematical algorithm that will examine the types of posts a person has chosen to give prominent placement to on his or her profile , Facebook CTO Bret Taylor said in an interview . Whether food , movies or exercises logged into Facebook , the site will try to predict what you 're most passionate about based on past choices , similar to how the system determines its news feed based partly on the people you contact most often , Taylor said . Each user will be able to manually override these profile placements , he said . "  People care a lot about the way their profile looks , " Taylor said . These features are only available to those who have enabled the Facebook Timeline , which opened to everyone about a month ago . Eventually , every user will be required to use that version of the site profile . Taylor described the new app features as part of a maturation of Facebook , which goes beyond the initial perspective of its co-founder , Mark Zuckerberg , who coded the website in his sophomore year at Harvard University . Zuckerberg , who is now Facebook 's CEO , did not attend the event Wednesday . "  Previously , the profile was all the things Mark Zuckerberg was interested in in college , " Taylor said . "  You know , movies , music and books . " Zuckerberg , 27 , only lists one book on his Facebook profile : Ender 's Game , which came out the year after he was born . Facebook will review each new action , as it 's called , that 's proposed by developers in order to screen for profanity or other unwanted words , Mike Vernal , the company 's platform engineering director , said in an interview . Software developers will be able to create an unlimited number of these actions , he said . That would be useful for something like iTunes , which allows users to "  listen , " "  watch " and "  buy " things , although Apple is not participating in the program . A spokesman did n't respond to a request for comment . Despite some early opposition , Facebook wants to encourage all developers to adopt the new tools . "  We 've got a whole new set , a whole new class , of applications that we think we 're enabling with this platform , " Carl Sjogreen , a Facebook product director , said onstage during the announcement . "  When we say anything , we really mean anything . " In characteristic Facebook ambition , Sjogreen added , "  We 're even more excited about the thousands of apps to come . "	Facebook is now letting all developers make apps that can automatically publish to profiles The system will try to guess the importance of an app based on past activity Facebook Music was a precursor to these new features
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The pilot who landed a crippled US Airways jetliner on the Hudson River thought there would have been "  catastrophic consequences " if he tried to make it to a nearby airport , a National Transportation Safety Board official said Saturday night . US Airways Flight 1549 remained in the icy Hudson River on Saturday . Instead , pilot Pilot C.B. "  Sully " Sullenberger decided to ditch the plane in the Hudson River close to vessels moving about the water "  to improve chances of recovery , " NTSB board member Kitty Higgins said . It was the first time the public heard comments from Sullenberger and first officer Jeffrey B. Skiles describing Thursday 's emergency landing . Skiles was flying US Airways Flight 1549 , bound for Charlotte , North Carolina , when he noticed a flock of birds less than 90 seconds after the plane had taken off from New York 's LaGuardia International Airport , Higgins said . In an instant , the plane was rocked by loud thuds and both engines went out , Higgins said . Watch the plane hit the water " "  He commented on the formation , and he said the next thing he knew , the windscreen was filled with birds . There was no time to take evasive action , " Higgins said . Sullenberger took control of the aircraft while Skiles began complicated procedures to try to restart the engines , Higgins said . Sullenberger thought the plane was moving "  too low , too slow " to risk returning to LaGuardia through the maze of buildings . Nor did Sullenberger think the powerless aircraft could make it over the densely populated New Jersey area to Teterboro , Higgins said . "  There could be catastrophic consequences if we did n't make it , " she quoted Sullenberger as saying . Watch CNN 's Lisa Sylvester report on the pilots " City officials , passengers and aviation experts have lauded Sullenberger and the flight crew for their handling of the landing and also praised first responders who acted quickly to minimize passengers ' injuries in below-freezing temperatures . All 155 people on board the plane survived . "  These are both very experienced pilots . They knew what they had to do , " Higgins said . Neither Sullenberger nor Skiles attended the news conference . Earlier in the day , the NTSB revealed the content of communications between the cockpit and controllers at LaGuardia in the brief period during which the incident unfolded . "  This is cactus 1549 , hit birds , we lost thrust in both engines , " Sullenberger told controllers at approximately 3:27 p.m. Thursday . "  We 're turning back towards LaGuardia . " Controllers immediately began preparations to clear a runway for an emergency landing , but less than a minute later , Sullenberger reported that the aircraft would n't make it , Higgins said . The last communication from the plane to controllers , Higgins said , was the pilot saying , "  We 're gon na be in the Hudson . " Watch a former pilot tell how to water-land a plane " Higgins also quoted two of the flight 's attendants , who were in jump seats at the front of the aircraft when they heard a loud thud shortly after takeoff . "  It was a sound that neither one of them had ever heard before , " Higgins said . "  They said all the engine noise ceased . They described it as complete silence , like a library . " Efforts to raise the jetliner from the river proved successful late Saturday , as cranes lifted it clear of the water about 11:30 p.m. ET following several hours of work by crews in frigid conditions . Video from the scene showed the right side of the aircraft with the engine intact but its covering mangled . It was not clear visually whether the damage was from an in-flight incident or from the landing impact . Investigators planned to tow the plane on a barge to an undisclosed location for their examination . Watch water wash over the plane " Searchers using sonar think they have found the left engine on the river bottom . Divers will try to confirm the finding , Higgins said . Watch workers begin the retrieval process " The flight data and cockpit voice recorders -- both crucial to determining exactly what happened Thursday -- remained on the aircraft , which was still largely submerged in the Hudson River but was secured to moorings . Strong currents and cold water thwarted divers ' efforts to retrieve the recorders from the tail section of the jetliner , Higgins said . Also Saturday , authorities released audio and transcripts of two 911 calls from people who said they saw that the plane was in trouble . Listen to callers report plane in the river " One caller said he saw the plane descend and reported hearing a loud noise shortly after the aircraft took off . "  Oh , my God ! It was a big plane , I heard a big boom just now . We looked up , and the plane came straight over us , and it was turning . Oh , my God ! " a man calling from the Bronx told a 911 operator at 3:29 p.m. , three minutes after the plane left LaGuardia . Minutes later , at 3:33 p.m. , a woman called 911 and reported seeing the plane in the water . "  A plane has just crashed into the Hudson River , " she told an operator . "  A US Air big DC-9 or -10 has crashed into the Hudson River . ... Oh , my gosh ! " CNN 's Mike Brooks , Jeanne Meserve , Richard Davis and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : Crews hoist US Airways Flight 1549 from icy Hudson River Pilot said aircraft was flying "  too low , too slow " to risk returning to airport Plane in air less than 90 seconds when collision occurred One engine in river , one still attached , investigators say
Mashable  -- As the mainstream tablet war rages , a similar device battle is heating up in the restaurant industry . Tablets that take orders , entertain guests and accept check payments are coming to a table near you . One company that is selling those tablets , E la Carte , announced on Tuesday that it has raised more than $ 1 million in funding from prominent investors like Y Combinator , Dave McClure and SV Angel . The company will soon be launching tablets in 20 restaurants on the West coast . It also has a partnership with a large restaurant chain in the pipeline that has n't been announced yet -- but the fact that Applebee 's executives participated in the funding round might provide a hint . Why the interest in providing every table with their own touch-screen tablet ? For starters , people buy more food when they can do so instantly , without waiting for service . In the six restaurants that ran a pilot scheme , according to CEO Rajat Suri , customers at E la Carte tables spent 10 % to 12 % more than those at other tables . E la Carte tablets allow customers to browse a full menu and communicate their orders directly to the kitchen . They come loaded with social games and a calculator for check splits and tips . They also allow customers to email themselves a receipt or instantly sign up for a loyalty club . In high-end restaurants , the tablet can suggest an appropriate wine pairing for a meal . Eventually , E la Carte might offer restaurants the option to compile data about their customers ' preferences as they use the device . Some restaurants have attempted similar functionality by loading their menus onto iPads or asking customers to download an app onto their own devices . The iPad 's problem in this situation : its minimum $ 499 price tag . Restaurants that can afford menus that expensive are n't casual restaurants , like Applebee 's , where a digital ordering system seems more appropriate . Asking users to download an app like Storific poses the problem that not everybody carries a smartphone . Even those who do might not want to pause and download an app as they sit down to lunch . A dedicated device , which E la Carte plans to install for a price that is "  significantly lower " than the iPad , seems to be a more promising way for the tech world to break into the $ 6 billion U.S. restaurant industry . Other companies are already in this game . Tabletop Media makes a similar tabletop product that it began to deploy in 2008 . The company has established customers with chains like Chili 's Uno 's Chicago Grill , and California Pizza Kitchen and will be in 250 stores by the end of the summer . Both E la Carte and Tabletop Media charge the restaurants a monthly fee to use a network of devices . "  It 's propelling the restaurant industry into the Internet age , " Suri says . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	E la Carte tablets allow customers to browse a full menu and talk with the kitchen The company will soon be launching tablets in 20 restaurants on the West coast They come loaded with social games and a calculator for check splits and tips
CNN  -- Faisal Shahzad had two faces , investigators and people who knew him say . He was a suburban father in Connecticut , married to an American citizen educated in Colorado . Wife Huma Mian , pretty and smiling in a Facebook picture , wore a traditional Muslim head scarf and posted on her page that she loved to shop . Shahzad , a Pakistani who became a naturalized U.S. citizen in April 2009 , worked as a financial analyst in Connecticut before leaving that job last June . His neighbors describe him as quiet and nice , but a little odd -- a man who liked to jog at night wearing all black and who once remarked that he did n't like the sunlight . Shahzad is suspected of trying to blow up a Nissan Pathfinder in Times Square on Saturday . He was arrested Monday night at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York as his flight to Dubai was about to take off , law enforcement officials said . Shahzad , 30 , has been charged with five counts in connection with the case , according to documents filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court in New York . The documents say he admitted to law enforcement officials that he attempted to detonate the bomb and that he recently received bomb-making training in the Waziristan region of Pakistan . Shahzad returned to the United States via a one-way ticket from Pakistan on February 3 , according to a criminal complaint . He told immigration officials upon his return that he had been visiting his parents in Pakistan for the previous five months , the complaint said . Shahzad has a Karachi identification card , a sign of Pakistani residency , and his family is from northwestern Pakistan , according to Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik . His father is a retired senior officer in the Pakistani Air Force , Shahzad 's cousin , Kafayat Ali , said on Tuesday . The father , Bahar Ul Haq , a former air vice marshal , lives in the Peshawar suburb of Hayatabad in Pakistan . Pakistani authorities in Karachi picked up for questioning Iftikhar Mian , the father-in-law of suspect Faisal Shahzad , and Tauseef Ahmed , Shahzad 's friend , on Tuesday , two intelligence officials said . An intelligence source said Wednesday that a different associate of Shahzad also was detained on Tuesday . That associate allegedly was instrumental in making possible a meeting between Shahzad and at least one senior Taliban official in Pakistan last July , a senior Pakistani official said Wednesday . It 's unclear where Faisal Shahzad 's wife , Mian , is now , although he told immigration officials in February that she was in Pakistan . Shahzad came to the United States and attended college , earning a bachelor 's degree in computer applications and information systems from Connecticut 's University of Bridgeport in 2000 . He earned an MBA at the school in 2005 . He started working as a junior financial analyst for Affinion Media Group in Norwalk , Connecticut , in 2006 , leaving voluntarily in June 2009 , according to Affinion spokesman Michael Bush . In October 2008 , Shahzad reported getting married to Mian , who graduated from the University of Colorado-Boulder with a degree in degree in business with emphasis in accounting , university spokesman Bronson Hilliard said . A student from 2000 to 2004 , Mian lived in a dorm the first few years , and then in family housing with her sisters her last two years at the school . Mian 's Facebook page , which has apparently been disabled , had a picture with her smiling and wearing a hot pink head scarf . Shahzad , Mian and two children and Mian 's two sisters lived in Shelton , Connecticut , for about three years , moving out in July 2009 , according to neighbor Brenda Thurman . Mian spoke English , but was apparently so insecure about her language ability that she told people she did not , Thurman said . "  I never knew she spoke English until it was time for her to move , " Thurman said . Thurman saw him in his yard with his children , a boy and a girl , and the family usually wore traditional Muslim attire , Thurman told WTNH-TV . Thurman said her daughter often played with Shahzad 's daughter , but she herself did n't have much contact with the family . "  He also came out and played with them on occasion . He really loved his kids , " Thurman told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Tuesday . She said Shahzad gave her daughter an old computer of his . Investigators were in the process of confiscating the computer on Tuesday , she said . Shahzad 's wife told Thurman in July 2009 that the family was moving to Missouri . A few weeks after they left their home , the lender foreclosed on the property and changed the locks , Thurman said . At the Bridgeport , Connecticut , residence where authorities say he lived most recently , agents with the FBI and local police , including members of a bomb squad , conducted a search , and investigators removed filled plastic bags . CNN 's Deborah Feyerick , Jim Spellman , Drew Griffin , Joneil Adriano , Samson Desta , Reza Sayah , Jim Kavanagh and the CNN Wire Staff contributed to this report .	Faisal Shahzad lived in suburban Connecticut , wife posted on Facebook Documents : Shahzad admitted he got bomb-making training in Pakistan Neighbors say Shahzad was pleasant but odd , once remarking he did n't like sunlight
