Washington  CNN  -- Tea Party euphoria confronted reality Sunday , with Delaware Senate primary winner Christine O'Donnell backing out of scheduled talk show appearances amid talk of possible civil war among Republicans over the conservative movement . Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski accused the Tea Party Express of infusing money and lies into her Republican primary to swing it against her . Now waging a write-in campaign to retain her seat , against the wishes of mainstream Republicans , Murkowski told CNN that fellow party members were inciting inner-GOP conflict . "  What happened in my particular race , you had the Tea Party Express , this California-based group , come in at the last minute in a campaign , run a mudslinging , smear -- just a terrible , terrible campaign , with lies and fabrications and mischaracterization , " Murkowski said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " program . "  They came in , they dumped $ 600,000 into a small market here in Alaska , and they absolutely clearly influenced the outcome of that election . " Murkowski accused conservative GOP Sen. Jim DeMint of South Carolina , who backed her victorious opponent in the primary , of undermining fellow Republicans . "  I do n't think that it 's particularly helpful to undercut fellow Republicans , but as I say , it 's his prerogative , " Murkowski said of DeMint , later adding : "  I think that he has made people uncomfortable . I think that he has kind of rattled the cages . Whether it advances to a full-on civil war , I do n't know . " On the same program , DeMint said in a pre-recorded interview that his efforts have helped Republican chances of regaining control of the Senate in November 's mid-term elections . "  The only reason we have a chance at a majority now is in large part for the candidates I 've been supporting , " DeMint said . DeMint 's support for Joe Miller over Murkowski and for O'Donnell in Delaware , who defeated veteran Republican Rep. Mike Castle in Tuesday 's Delaware primary for Vice President Joe Biden 's former Senate seat , caused consternation in GOP party circles . Some fear such extreme conservative candidates ca n't win statewide races and are unprepared for the scrutiny of such a campaign . O'Donnell added to such concerns by canceling previously agreed-to interviews on "  FOX News Sunday " and the CBS program "  Face the Nation , " deciding instead to make appearances in Delaware . Bob Schieffer , the host of the CBS program , said on air that O'Donnell 's representatives denied she withdrew because of videotape released over the weekend showing her talking about dabbling in witchcraft . Whatever the reason , O'Donnell continued to serve as a lightning rod for analysis of the influence of the Tea Party movement . She was given little chance of defeating Castle , but received late support from former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin as well as Tea Party money , and pulled off the upset . Now the 11-year-old "  witchcraft " video and others becoming public are reinforcing the image preferred by Democrats of O'Donnell as an unknown , untested and risky candidate . Republican strategist Ed Rollins acknowledged the problem on the CBS program , saying O'Donnell was off to a rocky beginning . "  Right now this campaign 's about her , " said Rollins , who is a CNN senior political analyst . "  Unless she gets her ship righted ... this is not a good start . " Another top GOP strategist , former Bush White House aide Karl Rove , softened his earlier criticism of O'Donnell , whom he described as unelectable last Tuesday . Appearing on the FOX program , Rove joined other mainstream Republicans in supporting the O'Donnell campaign but called Murkowski 's write-in campaign selfish and ultimately unsuccessful . "  She 's going to lose , " Rove said . "  Who would 've thought that one of the most conservative states in the country ran the risk of having two liberal Democrats who follow the Obama line representing in the United States Senate ? And that 's what she could do as a spoilsport . " He added : "  This is sad and sorry . " At the same time , Rove denied there was "  civil war " between the Tea Party movement and Republicans . Democrats conceded that the Tea Party movement reflects real anger and frustration with continuing high unemployment and the growing federal deficit . However , Democratic National Committee Chairman Tim Kaine , the former Virginia governor , told CNN that voters now have clear choices for the November elections with the primary season completed . "  I think the Republicans are moving way to the right of the American electorate , " Kaine said of the Tea Party movement 's influence . CNN 's Alexander Mooney and Mariano Castillo contributed to this story .	Murkowski says conservative colleague undermines fellow Republicans Rove says Murkowski ca n't win write-in vote O'Donnell backs out of talk show appearances DNC chairman says Republicans moving too far right for electorate
CNN  -- Tennis hero , inspiring role model for African Americans , social activist and high-profile campaigner for the HIV and AIDS communities , Arthur Ashe died in 1993 , but it is a measure of his influence that 20 years on his legacy burns as brightly as ever . The main stadium court at Flushing Meadows , where the U.S. Open is staged , is named in his honor , a striking statue of Ashe adorns the grounds , while the Arthur Ashe Kids ' Day is a glittering annual bash that kick starts the fortnight for the final grand slam of the season . Michelle Obama was the guest of honor this year . His widow Jeanne Moutoussamy Ashe has made it her life 's work to ensure her late husband 's memory is preserved for generations and the presidential endorsement is the icing on the cake . "  It makes me very proud that Arthur has his name raised up for kids who did n't have a clue who he is , " she told CNN 's Open Court program . "  It was such a great honor . I 'm born and raised on the south side of Chicago , as is Mrs Obama , so to be sitting here next to her with her daughters was just great fun . "  And that she 's so supportive of the Arthur Ashe Learning Center and so supportive of Arthur 's legacy . "  I do n't think we could have asked for a better situation that day , it was just wonderful . " Moutoussamy Ashe was sharing her experiences with former American Davis Cup star James Blake , who has recently retired from the ATP Tour . Blake told her that Ashe has been his idol and inspiration growing up . "  Being an African American playing tennis , his impact on me was great and I wanted to follow in his footsteps , being someone that went to college and was educated and had such a great influence on the world , " he said . The impact that Blake talks about went far beyond the narrow confines of professional sport . Ashe once famously said "  I do n't want to be remembered for my tennis accomplishments " and Moutoussamy Ashe has done her level best to promote his wish . "  The game of tennis really just gave him a platform to speak about the issues that he cared so much about , " she said . "  I think he was a role model for a whole lot of kids which is why his legacy is so important to promote today . "  We do n't want a whole generation of kids today and generations to come to not know that he was more than a tennis player . " Born in 1943 , Ashe was brought up in the segregated South in Richmond , Virginia and first tested his tennis skills on a blacks only playground in the city . He developed his talent in high school and earned a tennis scholarship to the University of California , Los Angeles  UCLA  in 1963 , that year becoming the first African American to represent the United States in the Davis Cup . A member of the Reserve Officers Training Corp  ROTC  , Ashe was eventually required to do military service and spent three years in the United States Military Academy at West Point , rising to the rank of second lieutenant . Ashe was still a serving officer when he won his first grand slam title at the 1968 U.S. Open , the first of the Open Era when professionals were also allowed to compete . "  He was n't just the first African American male to win the U.S. Open but he actually was the first American period to win the U.S. Open because the U.S. Open did n't begin until 1968 , " Moutoussamy Ashe emphasizes . Ashe was discharged from the Army in 1969 and after winning his second grand slam crown at the 1970 Australian Open turned professional . A prominent supporter of the American civil rights movement , Ashe 's political principles were tested when he was denied a visa by the apartheid government of South Africa to compete in their national open later that year . Ashe campaigned for South Africa to be excluded from the International Tennis Federation but although his demands were not met , he was eventually allowed a visa to compete in the 1973 South African Open , the first black male to do so . Ashe continued to speak out against the apartheid regime and after Nelson Mandela was released having served 27 years in prison , the tennis star returned to South Africa in 1991 as a member of a 31-strong delegation to observe the profound political changes in the country . He met Mandela several times and modestly observed : "  Compared to Mandela 's sacrifice , my own life has been one almost of self-indulgence . When I think of him , my own political efforts seem puny . " But others would disagree . Andrew Young , the former United States Ambassador to the United Nations , once famously said of Ashe : "  He took the burden of race and wore it as a cloak of dignity . " Young , a pastor turned leading politician , presided over Ashe 's wedding to Jeanne in 1977 after they had met at a charity event just six months previously where Moutoussamy Ashe was attending as a working photographer . Ashe was by then a three-time grand slam singles champion having shocked top seed Jimmy Connors in a epic 1975 Wimbledon final , but it was to prove his last as injury and eventual illness took their toll . The world was shocked in 1979 when the super-fit Ashe suffered a heart attack and underwent a bypass operation . He was set to return to the tennis tour when further complications arose and he was forced to announce his retirement , doing it in typically fastidious fashion . "  He had about 30 letters that he had written individually to people , contracts that he had , promises and commitments he had to people , he just wrote them personally and said ` I 'm retiring and I want you to be the first to know , ' " recalled Moutoussamy Ashe . In retirement , he took over as captain of the United States Davis Cup team , but in 1983 he had to undergo a second round of heart surgery in New York . It was during his operation that Ashe is believed to have contracted the HIV virus from infected blood transfusions . He learned of the diagnosis in 1988 after another health scare , but for the sake of their adopted two-year old daughter Camera , Ashe and his wife kept the illness private . Only in 1992 was he forced to go public and true to his ideals began campaigning to debunk myths about AIDS and the way it is contracted . He founded the Arthur Ashe Foundation for the Defeat of Aids to build on the work of an institute he had set up to promote public health . Ashe completed his memoir Days of Grace , finished shortly before his death on February 6 , 1993 from AIDS-related pneumonia . For Blake the book was an inspiration . "  As soon as I read Days of Grace it has always been my answer to what 's your favorite book of all time , " he told Moutoussamy Ashe . Young officiated at Ashe 's funeral in Richmond , which was attended by thousands of mourners . He was buried alongside his mother , Mattie , who died in 1950 when he was just six years of age . Later in the year that he died , Ashe was posthumously awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Bill Clinton . It was the first of a string of high profile honors in recognition of a truly remarkable man , but for his widow , who has carried his torch now for so many years , it is his impact on communities and the younger generation which is so important . "  I think if Arthur were here today , he would promote tennis on a grass roots level , drawing that metaphor that tennis not just a sport but more importantly a profession that might be able to get you a college scholarship to get you through school , " she said . Others like Blake and Mal Washington followed in Ashe 's footsteps on the male side of the men 's game , but Moutoussamy Ashe is equally delighted by the impact the Williams ' sisters have had on African American sport . "  Venus and Serena , I 'm so proud of what they are both doing . Venus has her challenges yet she 's moving her life forward and still stays very involved in the game of tennis whenever she can . "  Serena has been I think on top form , not just in tennis but as a person during this particular U.S. Open , " she added , reflecting on the World No. 1 's 17th grand slam crown . Moutoussamy Ashe is hoping the Arthur Ashe Learning Center , which contains a wealth of her own photographs and memorabilia collected over his life , can find a permanent home . "  It 's really important that not just today 's generation but generations to come understand him as more than just an athlete , as more than just a patient , as more than just a student and a coach . "  That they 'll understand the importance of being a well-rounded human being , that you might not be a great champion but if you 're a well-rounded human being then you can do just about anything to succeed in life . " Ashe himself is the perfect example of that , battling his modest background and an undercurrent of prejudice to achieve the highest honor that can be bestowed on an individual in the United States . "  Racism is not an excuse to not do the best you can , " Ashe said and he stands eloquent testimony to the truth of his words .	Arthur Ashe won three grand slam titles First African American to achieve feat of winning a slam Died aged 49 in 1993 of AIDS related illness from an infected blood transfusion Stadium court at Flushing Meadows named in his honor
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Military commanders along the turbulent Thai-Cambodian border agreed to a cease-fire on Thursday , a Thai military source told CNN . A border dispute that turned violent over the last week remains volatile , and the hiatus was forged at the unit commander level but not the higher levels of the militaries . The source , who asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak , said if the peace persists , higher-ranking people may meet on Friday . They would be Thailand 's 2nd Region commander , Lt. Gen Tawatchai Samutsakorn , and Lt. Gen. Chea Mon , Cambodia 's 5th Army Region commander . Cambodia 's government spokesman could not be reached for comment . Indonesia has offered to provide observers in the border area and help both sides resolve the crisis diplomatically . Thailand 's Foreign Minister Kasit Piromya met with Indonesian Foreign Minister Marty Natalegawa in Jakarta . Indonesia currently holds the chair of the the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  . Natalegawa also said Thailand welcomes the deployment of an Indonesian observer team to the disputed area . This idea was first agreed upon , in an emergency meeting of ASEAN 's Foreign Ministers in February , also in Jakarta . The observers have not been deployed , after Thailand later stated their presence was not needed . "  I just want to reassure that Thailand will work very earnestly and in a very serious manner with Indonesia in the role of Indonesia as a great facilitator , " said Piromya . However , he maintained Thailand 's position was on the defensive in recently renewed clashes with Cambodia . "  I just want to use this opportunity to once again reaffirm that the military action by the Thai side was only on the defensive side . We have not made any aggression . It was only  an  appropriate response to the conflict that was started by the Cambodian side , " he said . Natalegawa said he and Piromya were able to discuss terms of reference for the Indonesian observer team . "  I think it 's quite fair to say that we have made a very good progress , and I could say that we are truly in the brink of confirming the agreement by all sides . Based on my conversation just now , I shall be circulating to both Thailand and Cambodia what I hope to be the final version of the Term of Reference for its immediate early adoption by the parties concerned . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is urging both nations to pursue "  an effective and verifiable cease-fire . " Clashes between the two started Friday as they accused each other of trying to seize ancient temples . Thailand calls the temples Ta Kwai and Ta Muen , while Cambodia calls them Ta Krabey and Ta Moan . Much of the border between the two countries remains in dispute . Both sides claim the disputed temples are in their country . Fighting flared up in February along another disputed border area between the two nations , prompting the U.N. Security Council to issue a statement calling on both sides to implement a cease-fire . Those clashes stemmed from a longstanding conflict related to the 11th-century Preah Vihear temple . Both Cambodia and Thailand lay claim to the temple , which sits atop a cliff on Cambodian soil but has its most accessible entrance on the Thai side .	Unit level commanders worked out the hiatus Indonesia has offered to help resolve the crisis Ancient temples are at the core of the dispute
CNN  -- Sri Lanka 's cricket team returned home to Colombo early Wednesday , as police in Pakistan searched for at least 12 gunmen believed responsible for the attack that left seven people dead . Sri Lankan player Thilan Samaraweera is taken aboard an ambulance Wednesday in Colombo . Police in Lahore on Wednesday confirmed six police officers and a driver of a van carrying umpires were killed after earlier reports had put the death toll at eight . Six team members were wounded by glass and shrapnel , and two -- Tharanga Paranavitana and Thilan Samaraweera -- were shot in the chest and leg , respectively . Both men were being treated in Colombo and in stable condition , officials said . "  We are very lucky that no one -LSB- sustained -RSB- any serious injuries and everyone is in good shape , " one player told reporters upon arriving in the capital . "  There are a few more guys who need more time to recover . And we can hopefully put this behind us and move forward . " The attack happened Tuesday at about 9 a.m.  11 p.m. ET Monday  , as the visiting Sri Lankan team 's bus approached Lahore 's Gaddafi Stadium for a match against Pakistan . See a map of where the attack took place " The brazen daylight attack sent shock waves across the cricket-crazy region and raised fears about the future of world cricket matches in Pakistan , which has been reeling from a string of terrorist attacks . iReport : Send us your videos , photos "  The events can only be described as shocking , and we send our sympathy to the relatives of those who lost their lives , " International Cricket Council President David Morgan said at a news conference in London Tuesday . "  On many occasions we 've been told that cricketers would never be targeted in Pakistan . And this morning 's events have proved that to be quite incorrect . " Watch ICC 's reaction to the attack " ICC Chief Executive Haroon Lorgat said none of the teams had been threatened before Tuesday 's attack , which happened about 150 meters from the stadium in Lahore . Investigators can not yet say who was responsible for the ambush . Watch footage of the gunmen staging their attack " Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari praised Pakistani police , saying the officers "  rose to the occasion and laid down their lives to protect our Sri Lankan guests . " He also telephoned Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa to express his condemnation and regrets , and to emphasize his determination to investigate . Watch Sri Lankan 's foreign minister condemnation of the attack " Teams have long stayed away from Pakistan , concerned about the security situation in a country that is battling an escalating pro-Taliban insurgency . But Sri Lanka -- a country enduring its own civil war with separatist rebels -- agreed in December to visit for a series of matches , after the Indian cricket team called off its tour following the deadly terror attacks in Mumbai in November . Indian authorities blamed those attacks on Pakistan-based militants . The Pakistan Cricket Board had said it was set to lose more than $ 16 million as a result of India 's cancellation , but the Sri Lanka visit was to help it recoup most of the costs , officials said . The Sri Lankan offer to tour was a reciprocal gesture . Pakistan was one of two countries that agreed to tour Sri Lanka during the 1996 World Cup tournament , while other countries refused to travel there because of security concerns . With this attack , fans now worry that Pakistan wo n't be able to co-host the 2011 Cricket World Cup with India , Bangladesh and Sri Lanka . Morgan said the ICC 's board will be meeting in April to consider whether the Cup will include stops in Pakistan . "  The board will have to think very carefully about the extent to which Pakistan will be used for that event , " Morgan said . "  It 's a very important event , but the safety and security of players , officials and supporters is very important and the board will be taking that into account . " Read profiles of the wounded players " "  This has really damaged Pakistan , " former Pakistani cricket player Zahir Abbas told Geo-TV . "  Already some teams did n't want to come to Pakistan . Now who will come after this incident ? " John Stern , the editor of cricket magazine Wisden , said it was "  not possible " to imagine international cricket taking place in Pakistan in the near future . He described the situation for the sport in the country as "  desperate . " Watch how attack strikes at legitimacy of Pakistani government " He said one possibility for the Pakistani team is to play its matches in the United Kingdom , which has a large Pakistani community .	NEW : Players Tharanga Paranavitana , Thilan Samaraweera in stable condition Both were shot in the chest and leg , respectively Six other team members were wounded by broken glass and shrapnel Police confirm six officers and a driver of a van carrying umpires were killed
CNN  -- The Drug Enforcement Administration is investigating the company that owned the plane that crashed this week , killing music star Jenni Rivera and six others , the agency said Friday . Court records that surfaced after Sunday 's fatal crash revealed that the aviation company , Starwood Management , had two planes authorities seized this year . The company remains under investigation , DEA spokeswoman Lisa Webb Johnson said . Read more : Jenni Rivera 's remains returned to family The planes in question were seized in February in Arizona and in September in Texas . The DEA declined to give further details , citing the ongoing investigation . Some indications of why the planes were seized became known through court records . Read more : Jenni Rivera 's plane plunged from 28,000 feet , Mexican official says Insurance firms QBE and Commerce & Industry Insurance Co. filed suits this year seeking to rescind contracts with Starwood Management , alleging falsehoods . The lawsuits against Starwood focus on the man who signed the insurance paperwork on its behalf , Ed Nunez . Nunez is also known as Christian Esquino , the insurance companies allege , a businessman with a criminal record that includes falsifying airplane records . The DEA confirmed Friday the link between Starwood and Esquino . In another court action , Starwood distances itself from Esquino and denies he is the owner . Starwood had one plane , a Hawker 700 , confiscated by U.S. marshals acting on behalf of the DEA in September once it landed in McAllen , Texas , after arriving from Mexico , according to one of the insurance company lawsuits . Read more : Rivera crash puts spotlight on charter jet safety In February , marshals seized a Starwood Gulfstream G-1159A in Tucson , Arizona , that lawsuit said . Starwood or its representatives have not responded to repeated requests for comments about the plane that crashed with Rivera or the DEA investigations . Rivera was a Mexican-American star with a rising cross-border appeal . She sang traditional Mexican ballads and was nominated for a Latin Grammy Award in 2002 in the category of best banda album . Born in Long Beach , California , to Mexican immigrant parents , Rivera , 43 , released her debut album in 1999 . In October , People en Espanol named Rivera to its list of the 25 most powerful women . The singer was also known for her tumultuous personal life . She was a single mom at age 15 , was married three times and the mother of five , her website said . Rivera 's "  I Love Jenni " reality show began airing on Telemundo 's mun2 network last year .	The company that owns the plane that crashed , killing Jenni Rivera , faces DEA probe Authorities confiscated two of firm 's planes this year , court records show DEA spokeswoman confirms the investigation is ongoing
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Four New Orleans police officers accused of killing two men after Hurricane Katrina are scheduled to appear in federal courtrooms Friday . The officers are charged with multiple counts of conspiracy , weapons and civil rights violations in connection with the well-publicized 2005 shootings in the infamous Danziger Bridge incident . The hearings Friday will determine whether the officers will be held in jail until the trial , according to court documents . Three of the officers -- Kenneth Bowen , Robert Gisevius and Anthony Villavaso -- are scheduled to have their morning hearings in a federal court in New Orleans . The fourth officer , Robert Faulcon , is scheduled to have his afternoon hearing in a Houston , Texas , courtroom . The shootings occurred at the bridge on September 4 , 2005 , six days after Katrina slammed into the Gulf Coast . An indictment alleges that two separate shootings at the bridge resulted in the deaths of a teenager and a 40-year-old disabled man . The indictment contends the four officers opened fire , killing 19-year-old James Brissette . Minutes later , Faulcon allegedly shot and killed 40-year-old Ronald Madison . The indictment also says police supervisors Arthur Kaufman and Gerard Dugue helped the other officers to obstruct justice during the subsequent investigations . An earlier investigation launched by the local district attorney resulted in charges but no convictions . Federal prosecutors then moved in and launched a new investigation . The officers could face the death penalty if convicted , but prosecutors have said in the past that they have not decided whether to seek the death penalty .	The four officers face charges in post-Katrina shootings The Friday hearings will determine whether they will remain in jail until trial The shootings occurred on Danziger Bridge in 2005
CNN  -- One year after the Syrian conflict began , the numbers are staggering : more than 8,000 killed , tens of thousands detained , and dozens of towns decimated , according to the United Nations . But beyond the statistics , the people of Syria find their tragic struggle often reduced to 45-second fragments on YouTube or static-filled Skype phone calls . The reason ? The government 's tight constraints on media access . Of the few journalists brave enough to defy the Syrian government 's restrictions , at least five paid the ultimate price , including veteran war correspondent Marie Colvin and award-wining photographer Remi Ochlik . One year on , Syria still boiling The constant danger means the media have been left to rely on official government accounts , as well as a network of opposition activists scattered across Syria and a passionate expatriate community . The opposition details what 's happening on the ground through amateur videos , messages describing the latest carnage and eyewitness accounts offered over the phone or Internet . Yet while news organizations go to great lengths to verify such amateur reporting , it is no substitute for independent eyes and ears on the ground . In other conflicts , a handful of media personnel might capture the full-scale horror of violence . A reporter and perhaps his crew may record the moment -- for instance , a young man being shot and killed -- and then edit their content and wrap it into a television piece for air or for a newspaper or magazine story . Journalists missing in Syria But when it comes to Syria , it seems everyone in the country is on the front lines , witnesses to tragedies large and small . On our Twitter accounts , on our Facebook pages , and in our e-mail inboxes , we are confronted regularly by depictions of mutilated corpses , wailing mothers and the pain of a people under siege by their own government . How will it end ? The result is jarring : a world forced to watch as Syrian security forces appear to continually broaden their wrath , with international initiative after initiative faltering in their efforts to resolve the crisis . The uprising began in March 2011 , when at least 15 children from the southern province of Daraa were reportedly tortured at the hands of state security . Their crime was defacing a school 's walls with anti-regime graffiti , at a time soon after the longtime leaders of Tunisia and Egypt had fallen under the weight of popular revolutions . Many of the young boys and girls came home traumatized , their nails pulled out by Syrian security forces . One video showed a young boy in a red-striped shirt , his face bruised and full of fear . He introduced the world to a regime with seemingly no limits on what they would do , as well as defiant citizens who were willing to confront it . Perhaps no video captured the plight of Daraa 's children more than a 2-minute , 22-second clip showing the mutilated corpse of 13-year old Hamza al-Khateeb . After being detained for just a few days by authorities , Al-Khateeb 's body was bloated almost beyond recognition . For activists , YouTube a key weapon More horror stories came out as the months passed by : soccer stadiums packed with detainees in Banyas , hundreds killed in the military assault of Hama during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan , thousands fleeing shelling in the border of town of Jisr al-Shughur in hopes of reaching refugee camps in Turkey . With each incident , videos came showing nameless victims pleading , crying or falling silent . President Bashar al-Assad 's regime , in statements and through official media , has routinely insisted that "  armed terrorist groups " are to blame for the bloodshed . Its forces , they say , are trying to guarantee security even as they act to defend themselves . Leaked e-mails remove al-Assad 's veil Yet the opposition and a growing number of international governments and institutions , including the United Nations , say the government is the aggressor . More recently , and more regularly , they report that security forces have moved from targeting individuals to waging indiscriminate and widespread military assaults on opposition areas . Amidst this broader crackdown , the people of Baba Amr -- a neighborhood in the embattled city of Homs -- made history . They became the first citizens believed to have broadcast their own destruction , live via social media . As Syrian troops pummeled the 5-square-mile area , a small group of activists pointed a live stream camera over their rooftops . Yet many of those activist journalists , among others , have gone silent . For example , amateur photographers Basil Al Sayed and his cousin Rami Al Sayed once had relayed a steady stream of reports before they suddenly stopped . The reason why became evident when YouTube videos showed their bullet-ridden bodies . Many Syrian opposition members , however , said it 's not death they fear most . "  Those who are dead are in the mercy of God now . But it is those who are alive , who still suffer , that we are worried about , " an activist told me as he described the death in detention of his friend Ghiyath Mattar , a peace activist who 'd attended demonstrations with a rose in one hand and a Syrian flag in the other . So far , after taking steps like bolstering sanctions and withdrawing ambassadors , other nations have n't managed to end the suffering . Yet Syrians continue to point their camera phones at tanks every day in hopes of getting outsiders ' attention , asking , "  How many more people have to die before someone helps us ? " Early on , a common rallying cry was , "  People demand the fall of the regime . " Today , as the blood continues to flow , that has been replaced on many Syrian streets with the more ominous chant , "  Death and not humiliation . "	Syria 's government blames "  armed terrorist groups " for ongoing violence But Syrian opposition , and other nations , say the regime is the aggressor Activists use videos and interviews to describe what 's happening in Syria Few journalists have gotten inside the country , and some have died
CNN  -- The recent focus may have been on his new relationship with world champion skier Lindsey Vonn but Thursday saw the start of Tiger Woods ' quest to reclaim golf 's world No. 1 ranking . The 14-time major champion , who revealed he and Vonn released pictures of themselves through social media to thwart photographers he referred to as the "  stakerazzi " , showed all his battling qualities on day one of the Arnold Palmer Invitational . Woods carded an opening round of three-under-par at the Bay Hill course in Florida , to sit in the chasing pack behind leader Justin Rose , who shot 65 to finish on seven-under . The Englishman fired six birdies and an eagle in his round and though Woods ' performance was more solid than spectacular he scrambled well to remain within striking distance . Rose 's nearest challenger was American John Huh , who sits on five-under while compatriot John Rollins and Canada 's Brad Fritsch are a shot further back . "  I certainly did n't play my best , but I got around and made a few good saves out there , " 37-year-old Woods told the PGA Tour 's official website . "  I got a lot out of this round , and I threw away a few shots as well . "  I did n't drive it well , did n't hit my irons well and did n't control my distances or trajectory well . " Starting his round on the ninth , Woods recorded back-to-back bogeys before making crucial par saves at the first and second . "  Those were key because I had just thrown away a couple of shots I gained on 16 , " Woods said . "  It 's just making a key save , a key putt here and there and keeping the round going . " Prior to his opening round Woods spoke publicly for the first time about his romance with Vonn , which the couple confirmed on Monday with statements and photos posted on social networking site Facebook . At a press conference on Wednesday he said they had released news of their relationship to limit paparazzi intrusion . "  It 's very simple , we 're very happy where we are at but also we wanted to limit the stalkerazzi and all those sleazy websites out there following us , " he told reporters . "  I 've had situations where it 's been very dangerous for my kids , the extent that they 'll go to . We basically devalued the first photos . "  Unfortunately that 's just the way it is in our society right now and we felt it was the best thing to do and we 're very happy about it . " Rose 's fine round was largely due to his putting prowess . He needed just 25 and converted all 17 chances from 15-feet or under . "  That 's been the error of my game since June last year , " Rose said . "  Today was probably the first real hot day I 've had with the blade in a long , long time . " "  We all know it 's about consistency and that 's what I 'm still working toward . It 's just fun to know that I obviously can do it , and I take a lot of confidence from that . "	Tiger Woods shoots three-under round in solid start to Arnold Palmer Invitational Woods can reclaim world No. 1 ranking from Rory McIlroy with victory in Bay Hill England 's Justin Rose out in front after shooting a seven-under round of 65
CNN  Four cases of measles have been linked to a restaurant at the MGM Grand Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas , the Southern Nevada Health District reported Friday . A patron and two staff members of Emeril 's New Orleans Fish House probably contracted measles from a contagious staff member , the health agency said Friday in a press release , bringing to nine the total number of people diagnosed with measles this year in Clark County , Nevada . An infant too young to have received the immunization may have transmitted measles to the initial Emeril 's staff member , the health district said . One-hundred fifty-four cases of measles were discovered in the United States from January 1 to February 20 , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on its website . The CDC said 118 cases were part of an ongoing , multistate outbreak linked to DisneyLand in California . A record number of U.S. measles cases -- 644 cases from 27 states -- were reported in 2014 . That 's the greatest number since measles elimination was documented in the United States in 2000 . The Southern Nevada Health District said no measles cases had been reported in its district since 2011 . Measles is a highly communicable respiratory disease caused by a virus and spread through the air , according to the CDC . Measles starts with a fever , runny nose , cough , red eyes and sore throat , the CDC said . Emeril 's put out a press release Friday , saying , "  One of our team members was potentially contagious while working shifts beginning at 4 p.m. on Wednesday , February 18 , Thursday , February 19 , Friday , February 20 , and Saturday , February 21 . The affected employee has not been on site since then . ... In addition to the ongoing education of our staff , we are engaging in a cooperative effort with the health district to provide immunizations to all of our employees who believe they might be at risk . " People who dined at the restaurant on those days , as well as people who dined after 4 p.m. on February 4-7 , should review their immunization status and contact their doctors if they are not fully immunized or have n't already had measles , the health district said . The health district said a person with one of the newly identified cases visited two other Las Vegas businesses , a Walgreens and a Chili 's Grill & Bar , on February 22 . BART , the transit system in the San Francisco area , on Wednesday said some riders may have been exposed last week after a San Mateo County resident with measles commuted . BART said the risk of "  contracting measles via BART is negligible . " CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	In Clark County , Nevada , 4 of 9 measles cases linked to Emeril 's New Orleans Fish House CDC : 154 measles cases discovered in United States from January 1 to February 20
CNN  -- When it comes to golf 's sentimental favorites , Thomas Bjorn would have to be near the top of the list . The Dane famously blew a late lead at the British Open in 2003 and Ben Curtis took advantage to claim his lone major . It was n't a collapse to match that of Jean Van de Velde in 1999 -- the Frenchman crumbled on the final hole and eventually lost in a playoff -- but the Claret Jug was in sight for Bjorn since he led by two shots with three holes to play . Bjorn 's double-bogey five on the 16th at Royal St. George 's in Sandwich , England effectively ended his hopes of capturing a maiden major and allowed the little known Curtis to triumph . Bjorn finished tied for second . He will get another opportunity to win the British Open and his first major after being given an exemption Monday for this year 's tournament at Muirfield in Scotland that begins next week . Bjorn was one of five European Tour players to earn the exemption based on their Race to Dubai ranking . Since 2003 Bjorn has only finished in the top 40 at the British Open once , in 2011 . He was fourth when the Open was once again held at Royal St. George 's . And his only top-20 finish in any other major in the last 10 years came at the 2005 PGA Championship when he tied for second . But in his last five European Tour events , Bjorn registered three top-five finishes and sits 13th in the Race to Dubai . Among the other four European Tour players to be granted exemptions was South Africa 's Richard Sterne , who finished second at the French Open after struggling on the back nine Sunday . Five spots went to PGA Tour counterparts based on their FedExCup ranking , with Billy Horschel highest in the standings at No. 5 . Horschel tied for fourth at last month 's U.S. Open and won the Zurich Open in New Orleans in April . Sweden 's Jonas Blixt , meanwhile , led a list of eight players who earned their entry through the world rankings . Blixt won Sunday 's rain affected Greenbrier Classic in West Virginia to see his ranking rise from 103rd to 51st .	Thomas Bjorn was one of five European Tour players to earn an exemption into the Open Bjorn held a late lead at the 2003 tournament in England before faltering at the 16th hole Jonas Blixt , who won the Greenbrier Classic , earned his spot through the world rankings
Pedro Hernandez , a former Manhattan stock clerk who once lived in the same neighborhood as Etan Patz , was arrested Thursday in connection with his death , more than three decades after the 6-year-old went missing . A then-19-year-old Hernandez allegedly lured Patz to a store with the promise of a soda , choked him in the basement and then disposed of the body using a plastic bag , placing it in the trash about a block and a half away , Police Commissioner Ray Kelly told reporters . "  Detectives believe in the credibility of the statement , " Kelly said , referring to the man 's earlier confession . Authorities were alerted to the suspect by a tip . Hernandez , who had been working in construction until an injury sidelined him , is expected to be charged with second-degree murder , Kelly said . The suspect is expected to make an initial appearance in court Friday , with the district attorney 's office formally filing paperwork . He has no prior criminal record and is the father of a teenage girl , Kelly said . Etan 's disappearance exactly 33 years ago on Friday helped spawn a national movement to raise awareness of missing children , which involved a then-novel approach of splashing an image of the child 's face across thousands of milk cartons . According to police , in the years following Etan 's disappearance , Hernandez told a family member and others that he had "  done a bad thing " and killed a child in New York . He voluntarily left New Jersey on Wednesday night with detectives to travel to Manhattan and the building , currently an optical business . Kelly described the suspect as remorseful . "  The detectives thought it was a feeling of relief on his part . " He told reporters that other employees of the store were interviewed after Etan disappeared , but not Hernandez . "  I ca n't tell you why , " said Kelly , indicating the case apparently was a crime of opportunity . The commissioner said it is unlikely police will find Etan 's remains . In her book detailing the investigation , author Lisa Cohen describes the plan Etan had the day he went missing . Just prior to his disappearance , according to the book , Patz told his parents that he planned to stop at a store to buy a soda with a dollar that he 'd earned by helping a neighborhood carpenter . The carpenter , Othniel Miller , 75 , had met Etan the day before and was recently the focus of media attention when investigators announced they were again questioning him . "  Mr. Miller is relieved by these developments , as he was not involved in any way with Etan Patz 's disappearance , " said Miller 's attorney Michael C. Farkas . "  At the same time , Mr. Miller is very pleased that those responsible for this heinous crime may be brought to justice , and the Patz family may finally have the closure they deserve . " But a separate law enforcement source said Thursday that Hernandez 's claims were being treated with "  a healthy dose of skepticism . " Investigators have not uncovered any forensic evidence linking Hernandez to the case , Kelly added . Hernandez 's name "  came up more than once while interviewing others recently , " said a law enforcement source , who added that authorities had been familiar with him years ago . Renewed attention over the Patz case sprung up last month when investigators scoured Miller 's SoHo basement , where Etan had been seen a day before he went missing . But their search produced no apparent clues . The tipster contacted authorities months ago after news coverage of their renewed search . That contact , at least in part , prompted investigators to question Hernandez . A spokeswoman for the Manhattan district attorney 's office , which reopened the case in 2010 , declined to comment on the recent development . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg added that there 's "  still a lot more investigating to do . " "  To his credit , District Attorney Cy Vance reopened  the investigation  in hopes not only of bringing justice , but also offering some closure to Etan 's parents , " the mayor told reporters Thursday . "  And as a father , I just can not imagine what they 've gone through . " Etan went missing on May 25 , 1979 , a block from his home in the Manhattan neighborhood of SoHo . It was the first time that he had walked to his school bus stop by himself . His mother , Julie , learned after her son failed to return home that he had n't been in classes that day . After calling the school and Etan 's friends , she then called police . The boy was officially declared dead in 2001 as part of a lawsuit filed by his family against a drifter , Jose Antonio Ramos , a convicted child molester acquainted with Etan 's babysitter . A judge found Ramos responsible for the boy 's death and ordered him to pay the family $ 2 million -- money the Patz family has never received . Though Ramos was considered a key focus of the investigation for years , he has never been charged in the case . He is serving a 20-year prison sentence in Pennsylvania for molesting another boy and is set to be released this year . A source has previously said investigators wanted to expand the pool of possible suspects beyond Ramos . Parents Stan and Julie Patz still live in their SoHo home and have not commented on the new developments . Police said Thursday that Stan Patz was a little surprised and overwhelmed by Thursday 's developments . Cohen , author of "  After Etan : The Missing Child Case That Held America Captive , " told CNN earlier that "  the family 's been living through this for 33 years . They 've had many moments like this . They 've learned how to deal with it . " Thursday evening , Cohen told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Night " she had not heard of Hernandez before the arrest . The Patz family , she said , wo n't be making any quick judgments on this case . Just weeks after Etan disappeared , an attacker abducted the first of more than 20 children to be kidnapped and killed in Atlanta . A suspect in that case was arrested two years later . In 1984 , Congress passed the Missing Children 's Assistance Act , which led to the creation of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children . President Ronald Reagan named May 25 , the day Etan went missing , as National Missing Children 's Day .	Author of book on investigation had never heard of suspect Investigators have not uncovered forensic evidence linking Hernandez to the case , Kelly says "  Detectives believe in the credibility of the statement , " Police Commissioner Kelly says Hernandez is expected to be charged with second degree murder , police say
CNN  -- To celebrate International Women 's Day on March 8 , CNN asked you how we can come together to build a more equal world for all . From women looking to boost female entrepreneurship to fathers seeking equal rights and fair access to education for their daughters , we heard from men and women based all over the world sharing images of their hopes for a better future for women . To continue the conversation , CNN will also be hosting a TweetChat with Anne-Marie Slaughter , President of the New America Foundation , Noble Peace prize Laureate Tawakkol Karman and Laura Bates , Founder of The Everyday Sexism Project on Friday 7 March at 5pm ET/10pm GMT . Though much progress has been made on the path to gender equality , more can still be done . So now , we 're asking you : "  What kind of world do YOU want to build ? " Tell us what you are doing and join the conversation by using #CNNwomen .	For International Women 's Day , CNN asked you to finish the sentence : "  Build a world where ... " Much progress has been made on the path to gender equality , but what more can be done ? CNN iReporters from all over shared their hopes for a better world for women Join our TweetChat on Friday March 7 at 5pm ET/10pm GMT
CNN  -- It 's weird out there and getting weirder : A California court just ruled that screwing around with your phone 's map app while driving ought to be as illegal as texting or using the device without a handsfree solution . I 'll get back to that in a moment , but let 's talk briefly about the stuff we do while driving . Some years ago I bought my first car-based GPS , an entry-level Garmin you clipped into one of these windshield holders that attach by plastic cup and a lever you clamp down to really crank the suction . For years , both here in the U.S. and another two living in the U.K. , I used the thing to go everywhere . And , I suspect like most people , I 'd often fiddle with it while driving , whether adding new routes or destinations , checking sub-screens for additional info , or just tapping to mute it altogether . There 's no question that 's a distraction , you know , if we define that word as something "  that prevents someone from giving full attention to something else "  thanks New Oxford American Dictionary  . Then again , by that definition , eating in the car counts as a distraction . So does fiddling with the climate control or audio systems , changing CDs , glancing at a piece of paper with a handwritten address or scanning printed route directions . You can make the argument that even stuff along the road , say splashy billboards with clever  or not-so-clever  advertising and political rhetoric are distracting  rubberneck much ?  . Really , most things we do in life count as distractions . Sitting here typing this , the music that 's playing in the background is a distraction  listening to Hiromi 's new album , Move , keeps drawing my attention away from writing  . The rain splashing the window on what 's turning out to be a pretty gloomy Monday is a distraction . The cup of coffee I keep reaching for  and having to refill  is definitely a distraction .  Thus , my excuse for taking too long to type this up : music , rain and coffee . No , I 'm not hurtling down the road in a 2-ton metal hulk on a highway where I 'm separated from equally speedy oncoming vehicles by just a few feet . Then again , I often listen to music , most surely have to deal with rain and drink plenty of coffee , all while managing to obey the rules of the road -- and , I 'd argue anyway , drive defensively . The only serious accident I 've had in my life did n't involve a distraction at all , but a patch of unexpected black ice and a sudden crosswind that sent me fishtailing at 70 m.p.h. off the interstate into an Iowa ditch filled , thankfully , with two feet of snow . So I 'm a little concerned to see  via Techdirt  that a California judge just ruled using a mobile phone to fiddle with a mapping/GPS program qualifies as distracted driving  thus rendering it illegal per state law  . The case involved a driver who 'd been cited for "  driving a motor vehicle while using a wireless telephone . " The driver claimed to be using the phone for mapping purposes and argued that the state 's distracted driving laws should n't have applied  he says he was looking at a map on the phone while holding it in his hand  . The court , while admitting the state 's underlying distracted driving strictures themselves might be too broad , ultimately disagreed with the driver , finding that the law clearly forbids using a wireless phone while driving "  unless the device is being used in a hands-free manner . " So much for maps , apps -- you name it . Simply holding the phone in your hands , for all intents and purposes , is pretty much a California no-no . That Garmin I mentioned above ? Long gone . I yanked it shortly after picking up my first iPhone in early 2011 . Most trips , where I know what I 'm doing beforehand , I 'll set it up before I pull out of my garage . But occasionally I 'll reprogram it on the go , when I need to add a destination or change some detail . And yet Michigan 's own distracted driving laws stipulate the following : "  Reading , typing , or sending text message on wireless 2-way communication device prohibited ; use of hand-held mobile telephone prohibited ; applicability of subsections  1  and  2  ; exceptions ; violation as civil infraction ; fine ; local ordinances superseded . " I 'm pretty sure typing an address into my phone 's navigation app while driving counts as "  texting . " Should it ? I suppose it probably should . What 's the difference between typing an address into a GPS/mapping app and typing/reading SMS messages , really ? The latter activity might continue longer if you 're engaged in a conversation , but they 're both the same from a motor-skills standpoint , are n't they ? What about holding the phone in one hand just to look at your smartphone 's map  say you lack a phone-mounting apparatus  as this person claimed to be doing ? Should just looking at your phone while driving be illegal ? Should cars come with smartphone-mounting kits ? Where ought they be installed ? Above the dash only ? And -- here 's where it gets really quirky -- what 's the difference , really , between glancing down at a phone you 're holding in one hand , and glancing down at one of these GPS/mapping LCD screens that come built-into so many vehicle dashboards these days ? Could some of these issues be remedied through better driver training ? Do we need OS-level standards in our mobile computing devices that help govern how we use them in moving vehicles  specifically while driving  ? I 'm not sure what the answer ought to be , but state legislatures need to tread very carefully and , to the extent this stuff does warrant legislation , propose laws rooted firmly in the actual research , not some legislator 's unstudied opinions  like this amendment recently introduced by West Virginia to ban a product that 's not even available yet  . & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	A California judge ruled it 's illegal to use apps like Google Maps while driving Writer : How are map apps different than many other distractions ? Driver had argued maps do n't count under texting-while-driving laws Legislatures will have to consider the details when making laws
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- An evacuation order was lifted Wednesday morning for more than 500 California homes on hillsides vulnerable to mudslides , authorities said . With the sun shining over much of Los Angeles , officials told people who live in the foothill areas of La Crescenta , La Canada Flintridge and Acton that they could return to their homes at 8 a.m. PT  11 a.m. ET  . Officials ordered a mandatory evacuation for those residents Tuesday morning as a precaution when heavy rains were predicted . The dangerous mudslides did not develop , but this area was especially hit hard after a downpour Saturday unleashed a river of mud that damaged dozens of homes . Several of the homes were declared uninhabitable . A massive wildfire in the Angeles National Forest last summer burned hillsides where these homes are located .	NEW : People in 500 homes in Los Angeles foothill areas can return Mandatory evacuation issued as a precaution when heavy rains were predicted Mudslides have damaged dozens of Southern California houses
CNN  -- At least 11 "  al Qaeda terrorists " were killed by security forces in Yemen on Friday , two Yemeni Defense Ministry officials told CNN . The officials said the action occurred in Abyan and Shabwa provinces . Also Friday , three militants and four Yemeni security troops were killed in a gunfight in the country 's capital , Sanaa , two Yemeni Interior Ministry officials said . Information about what group the militants belonged to was n't immediately available . This comes nearly three weeks after Yemen 's government launched a military offensive against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . An al Qaeda explosives expert from the Russian republic of Dagestan , Tamoor al-Daghestani , was among those who were killed by security forces in the province of Shabwa , a military source said , according to the ministry 's official newspaper , 26 September Net . Yemen 's crackdown killed more than 60 suspected al Qaeda militants in the country from April 19 to April 21 , Yemeni officials have said . Twelve more were killed on May 1 , according to a high-level Yemeni government official . Operations last month included attacks by Yemeni commandos and suspected U.S. drone strikes , according to a Yemeni official .	Fighting in Abyan and Shabwa provinces comes amid crackdown on al Qaeda Explosives expert from Russia was among those killed , Yemeni government newspaper reports Three militants , four Yemeni security troops die in a gunfight in Sanaa , Yemeni officials say
CNN  -- The head of the General Services Administration resigned Monday after a scathing report that called government spending on a training seminar in Las Vegas "  excessive , wasteful , and in some cases impermissible . " The White House put out a statement that President Barack Obama was "  outraged " when he found out about the spending . GSA Administrator Martha Johnson admitted in a letter of resignation that her agency had made a "  significant misstep " and that "  taxpayer dollars were squandered . " A GSA Inspector General 's report on the 2010 GSA "  Western Regions " training conference in Las Vegas shows the government spent more than $ 822,000 for the 300 attendees , including $ 75,000 on team building exercises , $ 6,000 on commemorative coins and $ 6,000 on canteens , keychains and T-shirts . President Obama was informed about the report last week before his South Korean trip and administration officials said he acted quickly . " -LSB- H -RSB- e was outraged by the excessive spending , questionable dealings with contractors , and disregard for taxpayer dollars , " White House Chief of Staff Jack Lew said in a statement Monday . Lew said the president called for all those responsible "  to be held fully accountable given that these actions were irresponsible and entirely inconsistent with the expectations that he has set as president . " An administration official told CNN the president respects Johnson 's decision  to resign  , and believes as stewards of taxpayer dollars , these episodes are not acceptable . The Inspector General 's findings show the 2010 training conference was held at the lavish M Resort Spa and Casino outside of Las Vegas . The report shows that GSA employees "  scouted " the location several times before the conference and that travel for conference planning totaled more than $ 100,000 , with catering costs of more than $ 30,000 . Add to that costs for the actual conference of more than $ 686,000 and the total comes to $ 822,751 . In her letter of resignation , Johnson said that when she was made aware of the allegations of excessive and questionable spending for the conference she launched internal reviews , took "  personnel disciplinary action " and instituted "  tough new controls to ensure this incident is not repeated . " That was not enough , she said , adding she is resigning to allow the GSA to "  move forward at this time with a fresh leadership team . " Senate Homeland and Governmental Affairs Committee Chairman Joe Lieberman leveled bruising criticism . "  This was a stupid and infuriating waste of taxpayer dollars . The people responsible for it should be held accountable , " Lieberman said in a statement . Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , similarly slammed the spending . "  I appreciate the work of GSA Inspector General Brad Miller in investigating this matter . I expect that the committee will have additional questions for him and GSA about this wasteful spending , " he said in a statement . Johnson came into her position amid controversy . Her appointment as head of the GSA was held up for 10 months through an arcane Senate procedure known as the "  hold , " in which one senator can delay a nomination without reason . When Johnson was finally confirmed by the Senate in 2010 , the White House touted it as an example of why Americans are so frustrated with Washington .	NEW : Rep. Darrell Issa slams the spending GSA Administrator Martha Johnson says "  taxpayer dollars were squandered " Las Vegas training conference for 300 attendees cost $ 822,000 , report says GSA employees spent more than $ 100,000 to scout location , report says
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- Royal Dutch Shell said Tuesday that it may not be able to meet its oil supply obligations in Nigeria after an attack on its major pipeline . Heavily armed Nigerian rebels pose a constant threat to oil pipelines in the country . The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta  MEND  , a rebel group , said "  detonation engineers backed by heavily armed fighters " sabotaged two of Shell 's pipelines early Monday . After a helicopter flyover of the area , Shell confirmed that parts of its large Nembe Creek "  trunk line " were damaged , company spokeswoman Caroline Wittgen said . The company shut down some production "  to limit the amount of crude that will spill into the environment , " she said . Hours later , it declared "  force majeure , " a legal term meaning it could not meet its supply obligations in the region because of the attack . " -LSB- Shell -RSB- is working hard to repair the line and restore production , " Wittgen said . Nigeria is the fourth-largest supplier of oil to the United States , and attacks by rebels have helped fuel the year-long spike in crude oil prices . It 's one of many factors pushing up the price of gas in the U.S. , where one in every 10 barrels of oil comes from Nigeria . MEND -- the largest rebel group -- has targeted foreign oil companies since 2006 . It has bombed pipelines and kidnapped hundreds of foreign oil workers , typically releasing them unharmed , sometimes after receiving a ransom payment . MEND hopes to secure a greater share of oil wealth for people in the delta , where more than 70 percent of the population lives on less than a dollar a day . Its attacks on oil facilities have taken a toll . "  Anytime a pipeline is affected , anytime any production gets shut down , you see oil prices jump up one or two dollars a barrel just because there is no slack in the system , " said Jim LeCamp , a senior vice president with RBC Wealth Management , which manages assets for wealthy clients worldwide . Exxon and Shell are two of several companies that have been extracting 2 million barrels of oil a day in Nigeria . Recent rebel attacks on oil pipelines in the Niger Delta have cut overall production by roughly 10 percent -- meaning 200,000 fewer barrels of oil on some days . That decrease in production comes at a time of increased demand from oil-hungry regions such as China , Russia and Latin America . "  Anytime there 's a disruption there , it really affects the system , " LeCamp said in a recent interview with CNN .	Shell says it may not be able to meet supply contracts after Nigerian attack Two of Shell 's oil pipelines sabotaged by rebel groups on Monday Company is working to repair the lines and get production running normally
EW.com  -- This weekend , The Croods proved that cave people have more pop culture appeal than just Geico commercials . The $ 135 million film , which features vocal performances by Nicolas Cage , Emma Stone , and Ryan Reynolds , bashed up a strong $ 44.7 million in its first three days -- the second best debut of 2013 behind Oz 's $ 79.1 million bow . The colorful family film was produced by DreamWorks Animation , whose last film , Rise of the Guardians , severely underperformed and forced the company to take an $ 87 million write-down . Thus , The Croods ' success  for reference , Rise opened with just $ 23.7 million on its way to a $ 103.2 million domestic finish  is vindicating for the Jeffrey-Katzenberg-owned studio . For distributor Fox , who inked a five-year distribution deal with DreamWorks Animation last year , The Croods is poised to become a massive success . The film opened in the same range as 2012  s Ice Age : Continental Drift  $ 46.7 million  and higher than the studio 's 2011 release , Rio , which began its flight with $ 39.2 million . With an "  A " CinemaScore and Easter/Spring Break ahead for many young school-goers -- plus the fact that there are literally no family or animated films hitting theaters until Epic on May 24 -- The Croods could evolve into a box office mammoth . A $ 200 million domestic finish would n't surprise me one bit . Internationally , The Croods proved equally appealing , bowing with $ 63.3 million for a sizzling $ 108 million global total after its first three days . In second , FilmDistrict 's White House thriller Olympus Has Fallen scored an impressive $ 30.5 million from 3,098 theaters , making its debut the best action start of 2013 -- ahead of A Good Day to Die Hard , which took in only $ 24.8 million in its first weekend . Olympus , which stars Gerard Butler , Aaron Eckhart , and Morgan Freeman , cost Millennium Films $ 70 million to produce , but with an "  A - " CinemaScore , the presidential thriller may enjoy better-than-expected legs . Interestingly , Olympus is n't the only White House action movie hitting theaters in 2013 . Sony 's Channing Tatum/Jamie Foxx vehicle White House Down is currently slated for a June 28 release . Olympus arrives on the heels of numerous older-male-targeting action flops like Bullet to the Head , Parker , and The Last Stand , which makes its success all the more impressive . FilmDistrict did manage to reach men , who made up 53 percent of the opening weekend audience , with television ads on Spike , History , ESPN , Comedy Central , Discovery , The Walking Dead , NCAA tournament coverage , and Fox 's Sunday animation block , but it 's also telling that women comprised 47 percent of the audience . According to exit polling , crowds were 73 percent above the age of 25 . The film also marks a return-to-form for leading man Butler , whose last three wide releases , Chasing Mavericks  $ 6 million total  , Playing for Keeps  $ 13.1 million  , and Movie 43  $ 8.8 million  , have all badly flopped . Olympus Has Fallen 's strong opening weekend is Butler 's career second-best behind his breakout 300 , which bowed with $ 70.9 million in 2007 . Down two spots to third place , Disney 's $ 215 million Sam Raimi-directed adventure Oz The Great and Powerful fell 47 percent to $ 22 million in its third weekend , lifting its total to $ 177.6 million overall . Worldwide , the film has earned $ 356.4 million , though international receipts  $ 178.8 million  have n't been as robust as most were expecting . Halle Berry 's schlocky thriller The Call dropped 49 percent in its second weekend to $ 8.7 million , giving it a respectable $ 30.9 million ten-day total . The $ 13 million production , distributed by Sony 's division TriStar , has now earned more than the last film starring Berry in a leading role , Cloud Atlas , which tanked with only $ 27.8 million against a $ 100 million budget . Rounding out the Top 5 was the Tina Fey/Paul Rudd comedy Admission , which only earned $ 6.4 million from 2,160 theaters in its first weekend . Audiences rejected the Focus Features film , which fortunately cost just $ 13 million to produce . Admission marks the first real bomb for Fey , who previously found success with Mean Girls  $ 86.1 million  , Baby Mama  $ 60.5 million  , and Date Night  $ 98.7 million  -- all sharper , edgier comedies than this . For Rudd , on the other hand , Admission is the fourth bomb out of his five last releases . Though the actor 's previous film , This is 40 , quietly blossomed into a mid-level hit at the holiday box office with $ 67.5 million , his other recent efforts all began in the same sad range as Admission . 2010  s How Do You Know  $ 7.5 million debut , $ 30.2 million finish  , 2011  s Our Idiot Brother  $ 7 million debut , $ 24.8 million finsh  , and 2012  s Wanderlust  $ 6.5 million debut , $ 17.5 million finish  each hurt his box office credibility . Rudd tends to fare better in dude-movies like Role Models , I Love You Man , and Dinner For Shmucks , which each earned about $ 70 million domestically . 1 . The Croods -- $ 44.6 million 2 . Olympus Has Fallen -- $ 30.5 million 3 . Oz The Great and Powerful -- $ 22 million 4 . The Call -- $ 8.7 million 5 . Admission -- $ 6.4 million 6 . Spring Breakers -- $ 5 million In sixth place , the Disney-girls-gone-bad film Spring Breakers found $ 5 million from 1,102 theaters . The A24 release has garnered massive publicity thanks to the allure of seeing onetime Disney starlets like Selena Gomez and Vanessa Hudgens  who , granted , did n't have a squeaky clean reputation  traipsing about in bikinis while wielding guns , but the deeply strange R-rated art piece , which also stars James Franco , confounded many young moviegoers this weekend , and word-of-mouth is destined to squash Spring Breakers ' hopes of mainstream success . Still , the film cost only $ 2 million to produce , and it should ultimately become a profitable venture for the fledgling studio . Way , way further down the chart , Lindsay Lohan 's latest , InAPPropriate Comedy , which was directed by ShamWow shiller Vince Offer , had one of the worst debuts of the year . I thought it deserved its own post . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Croods " is poised to be a massive success "  Olympus Has Fallen " scored an impressive $ 30.5 million from 3,098 theaters Rounding out the Top 5 was the Tina Fey/Paul Rudd comedy "  Admission "
It 's a bit of a joke around my office that I 'm a professional bridesmaid and wedding attender , sacrificing vacation and a lot of money to celebrate the nuptials of my friends . Total bridesmaid appearances : 12 Total weddings attended : I stopped counting at 74 Total amount spent : I 'm scared to find out , but according to American Express Spending Tracker , the average amount spent attending a wedding is $ 539 , so you do the math . Let 's just say my credit card company loves me . Luckily , I happen to love weddings . But after doing things the wrong way the entirety of my bridesmaid career , I now consider myself an expert on how not to go broke or resent your friends getting married . Consider these my gift to you . Take a deep breath and smile If the thought of attending yet another wedding does n't fill your heart with happiness like it does mine , try to remember : This is your friend . And he or she has asked you to participate in one of the biggest days of his or her life . This is a good thing . Weddings are not an exercise established to stress you out or bring you down , and if you 've been lucky to have been included in any part of the day , well , then , smile , because that means you 're someone 's friend ! Smiles and deep breaths also help when it 's time to fork over your cash and kiss your precious vacation days goodbye . Be realistic and honest After the squeals and hugs and "  I 'd be honoreds " are over , the sometimes-uncomfortable conversations about what 's expected of you as a member of the wedding party will inevitably follow . Anja Winikka is the site director for the popular wedding website TheKnot.com . She advises wedding guests -- that 's right , guests -- to "  get organized " when it comes to attending a wedding . "  If you know you have a wedding coming up in August and you know there will be expenses coming up , you may have to cut back in other areas , " Winikka said . "  Map out your calendar and set a budget . " Once you know what 's expected of you as a guest or attendant and you 've taken inventory of your budget , communicate any worries you might have to the bride or groom . Let them know what you can do and , more important , what you ca n't . If you 're having trouble making rent , for example , an extravagant bachelorette party in the Virgin Islands is probably not feasible . Ask the dress shop whether you can set up a payment plan to make monthly contributions toward your wedding wardrobe . Once the date is set , book your flight and hotel rooms early to avoid high fares . Whatever you do , let the bride and groom know where you stand . Flaking at the last minute because you ca n't afford it is a guaranteed way to put a friendship in turmoil . Get choosy I 'm not one for putting a hierarchy on friendships , but when it comes to minding your finances and attending weddings , you ca n't do it all . So it 's OK to be selective when it comes to whose wedding invitation you accept and whose you decline . We all know about the "  courtesy invite . " Your childhood neighbor you have n't seen in 15 years would love to have you there , but sometimes you have to say no . Be polite and send a thoughtful gift , but do n't waste your frequent flier miles on a wedding for someone whose middle name you do n't know . Shack up and double up Part of the fun of traveling to weddings is that they 're usually a reunion with old friends -- and therefore present excellent opportunities to cut costs . "  Going in with your friends for a group gift is a great way to buy something more substantial for the couple , " Winikka suggests . Winikka advises finding out ahead of time who is going to the wedding so you can make plans to share a hotel room or at least share transportation costs from the airport . Parading down the aisle dressed is n't exactly the same as strolling down a white , sandy beach , but if weddings are eating up your money and your vacation time at work , turn it into a vacation by tacking a couple of days on to the beginning or end of the trip . Last summer , when my friend Elizabeth got married in Northern California , I scheduled a visit with another friend in Southern California and then drove up the Pacific Coast Highway . Think outside the gift box One of the best things about getting married is the loot you receive . But when it comes to presents , most of the brides I talked to said they 'd prefer their loved ones ' presence at their nuptials to a fancy gift . Thanks to Pinterest and DIY blogs , homemade gift ideas are easy to find and replicate . Some of my favorites include homemade soaps , a scrapbook of unprofessional pictures from the wedding and collections of recipes from friends and family . If Pinterest makes you feel as inadequate as I do , offer to house-sit or dog-sit while the couple is on their honeymoon or stock their fridge with a homemade dinner for when they return . Just because it 's not on their registry does n't mean it wo n't be appreciated . Recycle that dress You were waiting for this one , were n't you ? It 's a myth , ladies . Despite many a bride promising her maids "  You can wear it again , " I 've actually never been able to pull this off . Count the dress as a loss , a memory of a good time and the start to your very own "  27 Dresses " collection . Though I 've never regretted any of the money I spent helping get my friends down the aisle to say "  I do , " with a little more forethought , planning and creativity , I could have Chicken Danced a lot easier without cracking open my nest egg . Follow Stephanie Gallman on Twitter and keep up with CNN Living on Facebook .	Stephanie Gallman has been a bridesmaid 12 times She loves weddings but hates how hard they hit her wallet Planning can save you a lot of cash Save on the gift by getting creative
The boy was scared , angry , insecure . His dad was away in prison , and the son did n't know how to grapple with his loss . "  Everybody says my father is so bad , but I really love him , " the boy said . Sharon Content still recalls that conversation -- a reminder of her life 's calling . She worked on Wall Street for five years before realizing that she needed something more meaningful . "  I just did n't feel satisfied , " she said . Content is the founder of the Brooklyn , New York-based Children of Promise organization , aimed at helping children cope with having a mother or father in prison . Her organization works with about 200 children between the ages of 6 and 16 , all of whom have at least one parent in prison . "  I call them the silent victims of incarceration , " Content said . "  They 're not the victim who the crime was committed against , but they are feeling the ramifications of their parents doing time . " More than 2.7 million children in America have a parent in prison , according to a 2010 study  PDF  by The Pew Charitable Trusts . For the vast majority , there are few outlets for the kids . Children are left to be reared by grandmothers , aunts , moms -- themselves often already struggling below the poverty line . Sometimes , they fall into the hands of the state . In some countries , children actually grow up behind bars with their parents because no one else can raise them and there is n't a social safety net large enough to take care of them all . Pushpa Basnet , one of this year 's top 10 CNN Heroes , runs a home in Nepal where dozens of these children can live a more normal life , even in their parents ' absence . At her organization in Brooklyn , Content says separation from parents often leads to depression , anxiety and anger . In some cases , the kids witnessed the crimes their parents committed , so the group works with the children to remove the stigma they may feel . "  There 's so many different scenarios that these young people go through , " Content said . "  But the one thing that 's consistent is , there 's a level of embarrassment of what your parent did , and they shoulder that level of shame . " Across town from Content , Christopher Watler runs the Harlem Community Justice Center , a nonprofit group that works with the state court system in helping inmates re-enter society . It helps about 250 inmates a year find jobs , get mental health treatment and strive for a life beyond crime . "  Lots of times when a guy comes home , there 's a lot of excitement , and the families welcome them back home , " Watler said . "  But very soon after the honeymoon phase of the release ends , the reality starts to sink in : When are you going to get a job ? "  For some , those pressures can lead them back . We do n't want that . " Many times , a parent has missed large chunks of his child 's most formative years while serving time . That can create awkward and tense moments upon his or her return . Watler 's organization works with a "  family re-entry " social worker and interfaith groups to help ease that transition by providing help with rent , food and little things like diapers . "  If you 're arguing because you do n't have Pampers to contribute to the household , " Watler said , "  we want to help solve that problem in the short term until you get on your feet . " They especially focus on men and women 18 to 24 years old , who are at the highest risk of committing crimes again . Watler 's group provides counseling to give them the skills to be a successful parent while emphasizing that staying crime-free is an important lesson for their kids to witness . "  They want to have those relationships with their children , " he said . At Children of Promise , more than 100 letters of thanks adorn the walls . They are notes from parents in prison thanking the organization for keeping them in contact with their children . "  They 're happy that we still respect this very important relationship , " Content said . The children in the after-school and summer programs write to their moms and dads every two weeks . They include photographs , report cards and other items going on in their lives . Often the kids will ask each other : What did you tell your dad ? In Nepal , Basnet also wants to preserve the bond between parent and child . During school holidays , she sends the younger children to the prisons to visit , and she brings them food , clothing and fresh water during their stay . She also started a program to teach the parents how to make handicrafts , which she sells to raise money for the children 's care . "  Often , they think that they 're useless because they 're in prison , " Basnet said . "  I want to make them feel that they are contributing . " Who 's your CNN Hero of the Year ? Cast your vote now ! Content believes that programs tailored to children are vital in breaking the generational cycle of incarceration . "  The cycle does n't continue because  the children  saw behavior and repeated it , " she said . "  From my experience working with the population , the cycle repeats itself because of the lack of support that this young person now has after going through these traumatic experiences . " The children are allowed to still be kids at her program . They play sports and other recreational activities . But the children also talk in groups about their feelings , and they are allowed access mental health support . "  Young people who have lost a parent to military deployment or death or even divorce , society has a level of compassion and understanding for that , " Content said . "  But for a child who loses a parent to incarceration , that same level of empathy does n't exist . " She recalls consoling the one boy who wondered about whether it was OK to love his father . "  Your dad is not bad , " she told him . "  He made some bad decisions and ... is paying for those mistakes . You can feel good about loving him . " Content knows that helping 200 children is "  just a drop in the bucket " compared with millions of kids with incarcerated parents . But she hopes her organization grows , first statewide and then nationwide , to bring attention to society "  about a population they may not even think about . " "  If I 'm able to give a bit of a voice to the population , " she said , "  I feel like I 'm doing my part . "	More than 2.7 million children in America live with a parent in prison , says a recent study In some countries , children even have to live in prison with their parents These children often become depressed and angry ; some repeat the cycle of crime Top 10 CNN Hero Pushpa Basnet and others are reaching out to support these kids
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Two people were killed and two others wounded Thursday in clashes in southern Lebanon , the Lebanese Internal Security Forces said . The incident occurred in the southern port city of Tyre , and an investigation is under way into the incident . Residents threw rocks and fired shots at security forces who were trying to stop the illegal construction of homes , the ISF said . Three military cars were burned in the melee , the security forces said . The city is a mix of Christians and Shiite and Sunni Muslims . Palestinians live in refugee camps around the city .	The incident occurred in Tyre Residents threw rocks and fired shots Along with the dead , two were wounded
CNN  -- If Mars has any exhibitionist tendencies , this should be a good month -- one packed with star power -- for the red planet . On Tuesday night , Mars , Earth and the sun were positioned along a nearly straight line , called the date of opposition because Mars and the sun are on opposite sides of the sky , according to NASA . If the orbits of Mars and Earth were perfectly circular , April 8 would also have been when the two planets were nearest each other . But because they 're slightly egg-shaped , the date of closest approach does not occur until Monday . That night , the two planets will be a mere 57 million miles  92 million kilometers  apart . Also on tap for the celestial show is a total lunar eclipse , when the moon will turn as red as Mars itself . "  Mars rises in the east at sunset and soars almost overhead at midnight , shining burnt-orange almost 10 times brighter than a 1st-magnitude star , " NASA says . But no need to set your alarms or to buy a telescope : Mars , in all its glory , is easy to see on any clear night in April with the naked eye . If you miss this event , you can witness the next "  opposition of Mars " in 26 months . A recent view of the planet taken from space has proved far different , but no less tantalizing . Was it a Martian playing flashlight tag with the Curiosity rover ? The faraway glare from an extraterrestrial 's TV ? Or maybe someone warming up over a fire on the Red Planet 's surface ? Probably not . Still , the latest snapshot from the Curiosity is pretty cool . It shows the stark Martian landscape with a light shining in front of a mountain chain . While enjoying the shot , the Curiosity Rover 's official Twitter feed says it 's more illusion than evidence of life : "  Ooh . Shiny . Bright spot in this pic is likely a glinting rock or cosmic-ray hit . " A few pictures -- shot April 2 and 3 through the rover 's "  right-eye " camera -- show the bright spots , while those shot within a second through the "  left-eye " camera do n't , said Guy Webster , a spokesman with NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory . Hence , it 's unlikely any being -- from whatever world -- caused them . Each time , "  the sun was in the same direction as the bright spot -- west-northwest from the rover -- and relatively low in the sky , " said Webster , who said one could surmise that the sun was reflecting off the rock the same way in each shot . Or perhaps , he added , the spots could be a function of light affecting the camera itself . Either way , the pictures add to the vast photo album that Curiosity has created since setting off from Earth in November 2011 and landing -- some 8-1/2 months later and 99 million miles away -- on Mars . The 1-ton , SUV-sized vehicle is carrying 17 cameras and a number of scientific instruments , making it far from your average shutterbug . That 's not the only event of significance to Earthlings who like to look up . CNN 's Sheila Steffen and Suzanne Presto contributed to this report .	On Monday , the moon will turn as red as Mars itself Mars and Earth will be a mere 57 million miles apart on Monday Curiosity landed on Mars in 2012 with 17 cameras in tow What could it be ? NASA think it 's "  likely a glinting rock or cosmic-ray hit "
CNN  -- The United Nations is withdrawing international staffers from Syria for the time being after shelling near their living quarters , a spokesman said Monday . "  Yesterday and today , a number of mortar shells fell in close proximity to , and on the grounds of , the hotel in Damascus housing U.N. staff , " U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky said . "  The mortar fire caused some damage to the building and some cars , including one U.N. vehicle . The United Nations Security Management Team has assessed the situation and decided to temporarily reduce the presence of international staff in Damascus due to security conditions . " Nesirky said the agency is "  temporarily relocating some of the U.N. international staff in Syria out of the country . " A U.N. diplomat who declined to be identified because he had n't been authorized to speak on the matter said the number is half of its roughly 100 international staff members . Most of the Damascus-based staff of the Office of the Joint Representative for Syria are being relocated to Beirut and the Joint Special Representative 's main office in Cairo . The national staff has been asked to work from home for now . "  These measures are being undertaken solely for security reasons . The United Nations remains active and committed to helping the Syrian sides in their search for a political solution , " Nesirky said . "  The U.N. will maintain inside Syria the number of staff and capacity required to continue running its critical humanitarian programs and deliver assistance to civilians in need . This is a priority for the U.N. " The move comes amid alarm about the presence of chemical weaponry in the country and the wounding of a top rebel . Also , at least 48 people died in the civil war Monday , including 25 people in Damascus and its suburbs , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Report : Syrian officials claim chlorine , saline mix used in Aleppo attack Top rebel injured Free Syrian Army head Col. Riad al-Asaad , who is not related to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , was injured Sunday during a visit to the eastern province of Deir Ezzor , FSA spokesman Louay Almokdad said . He is in stable condition after a blast targeted his car , the rebel group 's spokesman said . The spokesman said al-Asaad is recovering from a foot injury in Turkey , but declined to confirm reports that his foot was amputated . No one has claimed responsibility for the blast . The attack took place four days after a video posted on YouTube showed al-Asaad defending the controversial al-Nusra Front and slamming the main opposition umbrella group . The United States has designated the al-Nusra Front as a terrorist organization linked to al Qaeda , but some rebels say they do n't have a problem fighting alongside them against Bashar al-Assad 's forces . "  Nusra Front  fighters  are our brothers . They are 90 % Syrians and the rest may be from other Muslim countries , " the rebel leader said in the video . "  They have n't mistreated anyone in any way . We may have our own differences with them , but we respect them . Their mission is to serve the nation and the faith . " "  We hope that the other countries reconsider their policies toward Syria and understand that there is no need to worry about the rise of terror in Syria , " he added . "  The Syrians have the right to fight for their freedom because they are oppressed . " Al-Asaad also slammed the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces , the main opposition alliance whose leadership largely consists of expatriates . "  The regime keeps killing our innocent civilians while the  National Coalition  is staying in fancy hotels , begging the world for financial support , " al-Asaad said . "  We made a big mistake when we allowed the politicians to take over and divide our ranks . They worry about cutting the cake before we even win . I hope the Syrian National Coalition wakes up and figures out what they are doing . " Syria at the Arab League Moaz al-Khatib , the Syrian opposition leader , will be addressing the Arab League summit in Qatar this week "  on behalf of the Syrian people , " he said on the opposition Syrian National Coalition 's Facebook page . Al-Khatib tried to resign Sunday , but the National Coalition 's executive committee rejected the move . He will remain as coalition chief until the group 's next general meeting , Sanir Ahmed , a coalition spokesman , told CNN . The speech , to be delivered in Doha when the league meets Tuesday and Wednesday , "  has nothing to do with the resignation , " al-Khatib said . The Bashar al-Assad government 's membership in the league has been suspended . The league , which represents the nations in the Middle East and North Africa , has granted the coalition Syria 's seat . "  This decision represents an important asset for the Syrian revolution , and a major step on the road to achieve to its goals , " the coalition said on its website . In announcing his resignation , al-Khatib accused world powers of using the Syrian crisis to advance their own interests . He wanted to step down , he said , "  so I could work with more freedom unavailable to me within the official position of the organization . " Last week , a Syrian opposition alliance elected Ghassan Hitto , who has studied and lived in the United States , to be prime minister of the opposition 's interim government . Al-Khatib and Hitto were part of a delegation heading to the league summit in Doha on Monday . CNN 's Mustafa Al-Arab , Richard Roth and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : Mortars fell near a Damascus hotel where U.N. staffers are housed NEW : An opposition delegation is headed to an Arab League meeting Free Syrian Army Chief Riad al-Asaad is recovering in Turkey , a spokesman says Al-Asaad recently defended the al-Nusra Front and slammed an opposition alliance
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It is not often that football players are actively encouraged to play dirty -- unless of course they are taking part in a unique variant of the game called "  Swamp Soccer " when it is virtually unavoidable . The competition is fierce in the 2009 Swamp Soccer World Championship held in Scotland Originating from the bogs of Finland , the game was started by cross-country skiers who used the football matches in knee-deep mud to strengthen their leg muscles . The first tournament took place in 1997 with 13 teams , but now annual events take place in Sweden , Iceland , Russia and Brazil which can often feature over 200 teams . What do you think of Swamp Soccer ? Do you prefer Beach Football of another form of the game ? Let us know your thoughts on the ` Sound off ' box below . Glasgow Rangers fan Stewart Miller imported the concept to the United Kingdom after a chance meeting with founder Jyrki Vaananen while on a business trip to Iceland . Miller launched the first UK tournament in 2005 and now teams travel from all over the globe to the Scottish village of Strachur to try and become the annual Swamp Soccer World Champions . Watch the action from the bog " . "  We had teams coming from as far afield as Australia and New Zealand to take part in the tournament this year so there is an international flavor to the event , " Miller told CNN . "  There is a huge appetite to try out new things and I think that 's why Swamp Soccer is able to capture the imagination of people . "  The basic rules of football also apply to Swamp Soccer with the exception that matches are played in thick mud with six players on an oversized five-a-side pitch . "  It 's probably one of the only sports in the world where the worse the conditions are the better the sporting spectacle ! " There is no offside in Swamp Soccer while kick-offs , throw-ins , corner kicks , free kicks and penalties are taken by using the hands to drop the ball onto a chosen foot . Teams are also allowed to make unlimited substitutions although no shoe changing is allowed for the match duration . Miller believes that the oft-used quote that the state of a pitch can bridge the gap between two unevenly match teams is even more applicable with Swamp Soccer . "  You could put the Brazilian national side up against an amateur team and you would n't know who would come out on top -- the pitch really does prove to be a leveler in this instance , " he said . "  Although professional footballers are precious commodities these days -- I 'm not sure we 'll see any stars getting caked in mud too soon , most of them are far to pampered for that . "  Nobody 's ever been injured seriously playing in the swamp , sometimes somebody 's got a cut or two but nothing big -- so maybe when they retire from the game they might be prepared to give it a go . " The imaginatively titled Real Mudrid , Mudchesthair United and Cowdungbeath were unable to make it past the group stages in the 44-team event which was won by FC Full Gunge from Poole in England who retained their title with a 1-0 victory over The Chocolate Men . This year 's Swamp Soccer tournament was held in a village in the Scottish countryside but Miller revealed that he intends to bring the mud game to metropolitan areas . He added : "  The future for Swamp Soccer is in the city and of course I 'm certain we 'll bring all the mud with us . It will certainly make a great spectacle if set up a swamp in the middle of Glasgow or Edinburgh , so watch this space . " If you are interested in taking part in the 2010 Swamp Soccer World Championships visit the official Web site of the tournament .	Swamp Soccer was started by cross-country skiers on the bogs of Finland The 2009 World Championships have just been held in Strachur , Scotland Competitors came from all over the world to take part in the tournament
CNN  -- Antwan "  Big Boi " Patton considers himself a "  truther . " The 37-year-old rapper , producer and one-half of the legendary hip hop group OutKast said his grandmother once told him his position as a public figure was to bring valuable information to his audience and community . "  There 's facts right there in your face , " Big Boi said . "  They 've got a cure for cancer , they 've got a cure for AIDS , cure for everything , but they make so much money off the medicine you 'll never see it . The people have to understand that . " CNN Soundwaves : Big Boi on Big Boi Talking about life According to Big Boi the average person is living an illusion and accepting false information . Hence the name of his latest solo album  he counts it as his third , calling "  Speakerboxxx " his actual first album  , "  Vicious Lies and Dangerous Rumors , " which he has called an overall "  search for truth . " Released via Def Jam , "  VLADR " is a follow-up to Big Boi 's 2010 release , "  Sir Lucious Left Foot : The Son of Chico Dusty , " and comes from a title his grandmother had for her  planned ?  autobiography in which she would air the family 's dirty laundry . Big Boi 's latest musical effort is his way of exposing himself and the world around him . "  I 'm talking about life , " he said of the 14-track disc  17 if you nabbed the deluxe version  . "  Some people do n't get that because they 're so numb to what the mainstream media is pumping into their head with these reality shows and a certain type of song that 's played 1,000 times on the radio every day and I refuse to do that . " So what did he do ? If you were to ask the music critics , Big Boi just released his most complete work to date and the closest fans will get  for now  to an OutKast album in terms of it 's boldness in sound and creative risks . But before Big Boi could ever move forward carving out his legacy , he had to shake an old stigma from his past . ` The player and the poet ' Shortly after the success of their first hit single , "  Player 's Ball " in 1993 , Big Boi and his partner-in-rhyme Andre 3000 were dubbed "  the player and the poet , " with Patton playing the role of the former . Through marketing and promotion , Big Boi was cast as the bad boy , while Andre was the thoughtful , creative one . Big Boi maintains that he has never liked the moniker . "  Everybody thought I was just a DBoy . I 'm just selling dope and getting laid all day , " he said . "  I think when they put that title on it people kind of took it and ran with it . " OutKast went on to sell more than 20 million records , earning multiple Grammys , including album of the year in 2004 , and the group has since been hailed as creative geniuses and one of the greatest hip-hop groups of all time . Search for truth While "  VLADR " has a lot of George Clinton-style funk and features indie rockers Phantogram and Little Dragon , it also carries the political punch of Public Enemy , with songs like "  Shoes for Running , " which some might say borders on conspiracy theory . One of the track 's opening lines is : "  I wish they could send me to the moon and back with a cure for cancer and save the lives of my great grandmomma and great granddaddy now that 's the answer to the question / but they make money off the medicine leaving us all stuck in elections with no progressions just recessions . " And so back to that whole "  truther " thing , which Big Boi said is just his taking the time to find information and share it with anyone who will listen . He is also quick to strike down the conspiracy theorist label . "  I mean its drone strikes , United States killing kids overseas every day , they 're not telling you about that , " he said . "  Why not ? Are our kids ' lives more valuable than the ones ' overseas ? A child is a child . These are facts . There 's no conspiracy in this . " Best friends Another theory Big Boi finds himself dealing with is the status of OutKast and his relationship with Andre 3000 . There was the whole Gillette "  diss " and the apology Andre 3000 made to Big Boi via T.I. 's "  I 'm Sorry . " Or could it just be the fact that since , really , 2000 's "  Stankonia , " the duo has more or less not made an album together ? If you listen carefully , Big Boi addresses the matter on "  VLADR , " but he does n't hold back if asked about it , either . "  People do n't know or they do n't catch all of the interviews and then  there 's  all the sensational headlines , but you 've got to really understand that me and Dre have a relationship that 's bigger than music , " he said . "  We 're best friends . Music just came along because it 's what we 're put here to do and what God brought us together to do . But that 's my brother ; you know what I 'm saying ? There 's no beef , no nothing . " In fact , not one song made it to the final cut of "  VLADR " without a listen from Andre 3000 , Big Boi said . Verbal exercises Fans and the Internet were abuzz when word got out Big Boi and Dre would be "  reuniting " for Frank Ocean 's "  Pink Matter , " and T.I. 's I 'm Sorry , " both tracks that already featured Andre 3000 . In a text message , Big Boi responded to the idea of these songs being OutKast reunions . "  They are n't , " he wrote . "  I 'm just verbally exercising . " To the folks calling for a new OutKast album , Big 's answer is , well , honest . "  If we did records like what I 'm doing right now , if I go so deep y' all will never get an OutKast album , " he said . "  We ai n't excited about doing an OutKast album because people ai n't going to understand it . "	Rapper Big Boi says his latest album is a "  search for truth " Says there is no beef between him and fellow Outkast member Andre 3000 Fans have been awaiting a reunion from the pair
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- At least 184 people died in last weekend 's violent protests in China 's far-west Xinjiang region , state-run media reported . Ethnic Uyghur women grab the arm of a policeman as they protest in Urumqi on July 7 . That number raises the death toll from a previously reported 156 . On Friday , about 3,000 Muslims attended a weekly prayer themed at "  peace and harmony " at Id Kah Mosque in the city of Kashgar , according to Xinhua news agency . But five major mosques near the center of Sunday 's violence in Urumqi , the capital of Xinjiang , were closed Friday morning , Xinhua said . Some smaller mosques in the city were open . "  Mosques in some sensitive areas were closed at their imams ' suggestion , " an official in charge of religious affairs with the Xinjiang regional government said . "  Muslims normally perform rituals at home in time of plague or social unrest . " Friday is the main day of worship for Muslims . The violent demonstrations Sunday also left more than 1,000 injured in the capital , according to government figures . Heavily armed troops remain on the streets of Urumqi and curfews are in effect . The violence is a result of ethnic tensions between the Uyghurs , who are predominantly Muslim , and members of China 's Han majority . Hundreds of Han Chinese were on the streets of Urumqi on Tuesday , holding sticks and pipes , and calling for severe punishment of the Uyghurs , who they say committed serious crimes . The Uyghurs say they have been victimized and many of those killed in the violence Sunday were Uyghurs . Uyghur religious leaders have condemned the violence , saying it is against the spirit of the Muslim faith and Uyghur tradition . More than 1,400 suspects have been detained , according to Chinese officials , who have vowed to deal harshly with those involved in Sunday 's riot . See a map of Xinjiang "  For those who brutally killed the other people in the riot , the government will execute them , " Urumqi 's Communist Party leader , Li Zhi , said Wednesday . China 's chief police officer , Meng Jianzhu , said the main instigators "  should be punished with the utmost severity , " while others who were "  provoked " to take part in the riots "  should be given persuasion and education , " according to Xinhua . Police have detained 15 suspects in connection with that incident , Xinhua reported . As a result of the violence , Chinese President Hu Jintao cut short his trip to Italy for the Group of Eight economic summit . China was invited to attend as one of the world 's emerging economic powerhouses . There is speculation that Sunday 's protest , which took place in the predominantly Uyghur-populated Bazaar district , may have been a reaction to ethnic violence in southern China . That violence took place late last month at a toy factory in Guangdong province , where many migrants , including Uyghurs , have moved in search of work . A massive brawl reportedly broke out between workers of Uyghur and Han nationalities . Two Uyghurs reportedly died .	3,000 Muslims attended a prayer themed at "  peace and harmony on Friday Five major mosques closed in Urumqi on Friday Clashes erupted over ethnic tensions between Uyghurs and Han Chinese
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Coalition troops killed the al Qaeda terrorist who masterminded the February 2006 attack on Samarra 's al-Askariya mosque and set off continuing violence and reprisal killings between Sunnis and Shiites , the U.S. military said Sunday . The attack on Samarra 's al-Askariya mosque set off violence between Sunnis and Shiites . Haitham Sabah al-Badri , the al Qaeda emir of greater Samarra , was killed by an airstrike Thursday east of Samarra , said Rear Adm. Mark Fox during a news conference . "  Eliminating al-Badri is another step in breaking the cycle of violence instigated by the attack on the holy shrine in Samarra , " Fox said . "  We will continue to hunt down the brutal terrorists who are intent on creating a Taliban-like state in Iraq . " Coalition forces Thursday raided four buildings outside Samarra that were associated with al-Badri , according to a U.S. military news release . During the raid , at least four armed men were seen leaving the buildings and setting up tactical fighting positions in an effort to ambush coalition forces , the release said . The coalition forces called in close air support , killing al-Badri and the three others , the release said . One of those killed was identified as a foreigner ; al-Badri was identified by his close associates and relatives , the military said . El-Badri 's death was first reported Saturday by a high-ranking Iraqi Interior Ministry official . No one was injured in the attack on the Golden Mosque , one of the holiest Shiite sites , but thousands have been killed by the death squads and reprisal bombings that have ravaged Iraq in the 17 1/2 months since the attack . In addition to the February attack that collapsed the mosque 's dome , another bombing in June destroyed the shrine 's two remaining minarets . Al-Badri is believed to have been involved in other attacks , including two last year , Fox said -- the June 23 bombing of a Kirkuk courthouse that left 20 Iraqis dead and the August 28 attack at a Samarra checkpoint that killed 29 Iraqi soldiers . Samarra is in Salaheddin province , north of Baghdad . Mortar attacks kill 11 Two mortar rounds struck a gas station in a mainly Shiite neighborhood in eastern Baghdad on Sunday , killing at least 11 people and wounding 15 others , a spokesman with Iraq 's Interior Ministry said . The attack in the Afdhailiya neighborhood happened about 8 a.m.  12 a.m. ET  , the spokesman said . Suicide bombers attacked two gas stations Wednesday , killing 70 people , Reuters reported . Meanwhile , coalition forces said Saturday they killed four suspected militants and detained 18 thought to have helped make or plant roadside bombs , the U.S. military said . The militants were suspected of coordinating logistical support from Iran for elements of Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr 's Mehdi Army and other Shiite militias operating in Iraq , the military said . Iraqi family upset with U.S. soldier 's sentence A U.S. soldier has been sentenced to 110 years in confinement for participating in the rape of a 14-year-old girl and the killings of her and her family in Iraq , an Army spokeswoman said . The girl 's family told Reuters on Sunday they were dismayed by the punishment and would have preferred to see the death penalty handed down in the case . Pfc. Jesse Spielman was convicted Friday of rape , conspiracy to commit rape , housebreaking with the intent to commit rape and four counts of felony murder . The girl , her parents and younger sister were shot dead in March 2006 in Mahmoudiya , south of Baghdad . "  We were expecting the death penalty against those criminals and the place to carry out the sentence is where the incident happened , " the girl 's cousin , Abu Ammar , told Reuters . Her uncle , Hadi Abdullah , told the wire agency that family members wished there was a way to appeal the sentence so the death penalty could be imposed . Three soldiers have previously pleaded guilty in the case and were given sentences ranging from five to 100 years . The accused ringleader , former Pvt. Steven Green , was discharged from the Army and awaits trial in a civilian court . Other developments CNN 's Pierre Bairin and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Haitham Sabah al-Badri was the al Qaeda emir of greater Samarra U.S. military says al-Badri suspected in two other attacks that killed 49 Family of slain girl upset soldier was n't sentenced to death , Reuters says At least 11 people killed in mortar attacks in Baghdad , Interior Ministry says
Some of the world 's fastest growing population centers in Asia and Africa are at greatest risk from the impact of climate change , according to a new report . The Climate Change Vulnerability Index  CCVI  , published by UK-based risk analysis and mapping company Maplecroft , examined the climate risks and adaptive capacity of 193 nations factoring in population concentration , development , natural resources , agricultural dependency and conflict . A total of 30 countries were classified as being at "  extreme risk " with Haiti , Bangladesh , Sierra Leone , Zimbabwe and Madagascar making up the top five most in peril , while Vietnam , Indonesia and India all ranked inside the top 30 . The analysis , which forms part of Maplecroft 's fourth annual Climate Change and Environmental Risk Atlas , also assesses climate impacts on towns and cities . Six out of the 20 fastest growing cities worldwide , including Calcutta , India , Manila in the Philippines , Indonesia 's capital , Jakarta and Addis Ababa in Ethiopia , were also classified as at "  extreme risk " by the CCVI . "  Cities such as Manila , Jakarta and Calcutta are vital centers of economic growth in key emerging markets , but heat waves , flooding , water shortages and increasingly severe and frequent storm events may well increase as climate changes takes hold , " principal environmental analyst at Maplecroft , Charlie Beldon said in a statement . Beldon says the impacts on cities -- where infrastructures are already struggling to cope -- could have far-reaching consequences for not just local people , but for businesses , national economies and international investors . Manila is the commercial center of the Philippines and its population is expected to rise 20 % this decade , says the report . But , as recent back-to-back batterings from typhoons has shown , it is very vulnerable to climate change and has the highest exposure to extreme weather of the top 20 fastest growing cities in the world , according to the report . Thailand is currently dealing with its own climate-related tragedy which has left hundreds dead . According to Maplecroft , the disaster could have negative knock-on effects for business , particularly locally-based technical companies , leading to wider disruptions to global supply chains . Bangkok faces worst flooding yet "  As these megacities grow , more people are forced to live on exposed land , often on flood plains or other marginal land . The expansion of population must be met with an equal expansion of infrastructure and civic amenities , " Beldon said in a statement . The best-performing countries in the report are to be found almost exclusively in Northern Europe , with Finland , Ireland , Sweden and Norway all in the top ten . Iceland heads the list of least vulnerable countries , while Qatar is also considered a low climate risk , coming in 10th . The U.S. is categorized as low risk , although some coastal regions , including Florida , Louisiana , Georgia , North and South Carolina were rated as "  high risk . " Events like Hurricane Katrina , says the report , highlight how even the economically strongest countries with a large adaptive capacity can find themselves extremely vulnerable to climatic events . The report is released just days before the world 's population is projected to reach seven billion . "  A huge task before us " The United Nations Populations Fund 's executive director Babatunde Osotimehin described the milestone as "  a challenge , an opportunity and a call to action , " at the launch of The State of the World Population 2011 report in London on Wednesday .	New report assesses vulnerability of different nations to climate change effects Areas with fastest growing populations most at risk from environmental impacts Megacities in Asia and Africa most threatened including Calcutta and Addis Ababa United Nations launch youth focus on eve of seventh billion population milestone
Two American soldiers and at least 19 Afghans were killed in a spate of attacks in Afghanistan Friday and Saturday , some of which were claimed by the Taliban , officials said . The violence began Friday , when a bomb explosion hit a convoy of NATO-led International Security Assistance Force troops . Two American soldiers were killed in that blast , a U.S. defense official said Saturday on condition of anonymity . ISAF , which also reported the attack but did not release the nationalities of the victims , said the attack happened in eastern Afghanistan . The Taliban claimed responsibility . Spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid tweeted that a U.S. convoy had been targeted in Bagram district and claimed five Americans were killed . On Saturday morning , 12 Afghan civilians who were clearing mines in southern Helmand province died in an attack , according to Omar Zwak , a spokesman for the provincial governor . The civilians were defusing devices planted by the Taliban to target military tanks and vehicles in an area between Shorabak and Nad Ali districts of southern Helmand , he said . Afghan security forces who arrived at the scene of the attack killed three of the militants and arrested four others . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack and said those killed were soldiers and not genuine mine-clearers . Judicial official shot to death Unknown gunmen in Kabul killed Atiquallah Raufi , head of the Afghan Supreme Court secretariat Saturday morning , said Hashmat Stanikzai , spokesman for Kabul 's police chief . That afternoon , a suicide bomber targeted a bus carrying Afghan National Army personnel in the Guzargah area of Kabul on Saturday afternoon , said Sediq Sediqqi , a spokesman for the Afghan Interior Ministry . Six army personnel were killed and 18 other people were injured , including two women bystanders , he said . The Taliban spokesman , Mujahid , claimed responsibility for the blast in an e-mail . He said that from now on , Taliban attacks against foreign and Afghan forces would be stepped up . Kabul residents fear for safety In the past couple of months , the Taliban have targeted many Afghan National Army buses and other vehicles . Two days ago , a bus carrying army personnel to work was targeted by a suicide bomber . Five servicemen were killed and 12 more were injured . After many attacks on army buses , especially during the morning and evening rush-hour periods , Kabul residents are worried . Some have called on the Afghan Defense Ministry to change the way it transports army personnel . Hashmatullah , who witnessed Saturday 's attack , said : "  The Defense Ministry should stop using big buses to avoid being an easy target , and its personnel should use different routes to commute to work . " He said that this way the lives of both army personnel and civilians who are traveling on the same roads would be saved . The Taliban issued a separate warning Saturday via Facebook to media critical of the group , saying "  that from now on  the Taliban  will not stay silent and tolerate their actions and by using every possible way attacks will be carried out against them so immorality is annihilated from its root in our country . " U.S. combat role ends The continuing violence comes as Afghan forces prepare to take on greater responsibility for ensuring the country 's security as international forces transition to a supporting role . At the end of December , U.S. forces will end their combat role in Afghanistan and instead focus on counterterrorism missions and training , advising and assisting Afghan troops . Nonetheless , nearly 11,000 U.S. troops will remain in Afghanistan in the beginning of 2015 . American forces will drop to 5,500 in 2016 and by 2017 the coalition will consolidate to Kabul . Hagel : More U.S. troops than planned will remain in Afghanistan next year	Unknown gunmen killed Afghan Supreme Court official in Kabul on Saturday , police say Two ISAF members killed Friday were American , U.S. official says Taliban claims responsibility for killing Americans Friday , 18 Afghan soldiers Saturday
OPRAH.COM  -- As a fiction writer , I struggle to tell useful truths by telling the lie that I am someone other than myself . I 'm a fat girl trying to survive rape in my first novel , the resentful brother of a mentally ill twin in my second . In my third novel , which I 'm close to finishing , I 'm the husband of a drug-addicted nurse lost in a maze of her failures and fear . Author Wally Lamb says writing personal stories can free you from painful memories and imprisoning secrets . Writing fiction invites me to move beyond the limitations of my own experience and better understand the un-me , the other . I am similarly invited to do so each time I go to jail . For the past eight years , I have run a writing workshop for inmates at the Janet S. York Correctional Institution , Connecticut 's high-security prison for women . Someone asked me recently if I ever felt afraid of my students . Our class , after all , includes individuals who have committed armed robbery , gang-related assault , and homicide . But no , I do n't fear these women , because through their autobiographical writing , I come to know them not merely as their convictions but as complex human equations that go far beyond "  good versus bad " or "  us versus them . " Listen to the voice of one of my students . "  I am Barbara Parsons , who has been a healthcare worker , a business manager , a homemaker , a gardener , and a killer -- and who is consequently a state prison inmate . " Molested by her grandfather when she was 4 , Parsons shot and killed her abusive husband when he revealed that he had molested her granddaughter . Convicted of "  manslaughter due to emotional duress , " she challenges readers to think beyond stereotype . "  I am sure you have a dark side , too , " she writes . "  Look at me . Who would ever have thought that I , an average neighbor from rural Connecticut , could be capable of murder ? " Oprah.com : How to make peace with your past Most of my students begin as you might begin : by writing safe pieces -- narratives about fun family vacations , loving tributes to favorite relatives . But sooner or later their painful memories call to them and demand to be examined . With pen in hand , an inmate may , for example , begin to explore the connection between the incest she endured as a young girl and her subsequent drug addiction . She may discover a link between her embezzlement conviction and her lifelong inability to please an emotionally distant mother . Along with that growing clarity , she will confront anger , shame , grief , and the need to stop making excuses and take responsibility . Doing so will lessen her heartache and promote her recovery if she stays with it , but she may surrender to the pain before she gets to experience the gain . She may become too busy , too tired , too headachy , too blue to come to class . Before long , her seat will go to the next woman on the waiting list . Addicts are particularly vulnerable to cold feet when truth telling begins to overpower manipulation and self-deception . Yet if the writer reflects honestly and un-self-pityingly on the damage she has both endured and caused -- and if she takes the critical next step of sharing her words with the group and receiving feedback -- she will begin to defy the gravity of her painful past . But a person need not go to prison to access the therapeutic value of autobiographical writing . Which of us has not put walls and razor wire around our concealed sadnesses and past regrets ? Who among us was raised by a perfect family ? Who does not have hilarious , life-affirming stories to share and debilitating secrets to dispel ? Which of us is so self-aware that we could not reveal ourselves more deeply by reflecting on our lives with fingertips on the keyboard -- and then sharing our discoveries with other writers and bearing witness to theirs ? In doing so , we discover that "  the other " and we are more alike than different , variations on a theme of humanity and circumstance . Michelangelo , the 16th-century artistic genius , once said this about his work : "  I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free . " My inmate students , you , and I are damaged angels-in-waiting who have the potential to sculpt our best selves with the aid of paper and pen . Oprah.com : 6 ways to get your creativity flowing The rehabilitative power of our words invites us to test our still-wet wings , tentatively at first and then with greater and greater assurance . And as that happens , we rise above the concrete and razor wire of painful memories , baffling personal mysteries , and imprisoning secrets . Our load lightens , our perspective changes . We fly away . 3 tips for writing your personal Story Voice In writing , as in life , voice is crucial . Your voice has been honed by your family , your ethnic heritage , your neighborhood , and your education . It is the music of what you mean in the world . Imitate no one . Your uniqueness -- your authenticity -- is your strength . Revisions Learn to love revision . Listen to suggestions about what you might add , cut , reposition , and clarify in your work-in-process . Welcome such feedback with gratitude and humility , returning to your words with sharper insight . Make mistakes , lots of them , revising draft after draft of your continuing story . Your errors will be educational , and if your pencil outlives its eraser , then you will know you 're getting it right . Oprah.com : How to write your own memoir Plot Regarding plot -- the twists and turns and episodes of your life -- outline as much or as little as you like , but expect surprises . In fact , invite surprise . Each time you begin some next chapter , your composition of yourself will be at risk . But that 's okay -- that 's good -- because you will not live fully if you never take side trips and detours . "  Writing is like driving at night in the fog , " E.L. Doctorow once noted . "  You can only see as far as your headlights , but you can make the whole trip that way . " By Wally Lamb from O , The Oprah Magazine Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Author Wally Lamb : Sculpt our best selves by writing our own stories He teaches writing to female prisoners at a high-security prison Writing about past history , confronting emotional issues can help progress Lamb says your uniqueness is your strength , but welcome feedback
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI is expected to sign a decree on Saturday that will put his predecessor , Pope John Paul II , a step closer to sainthood . The Diocese of Rome 's press office said Friday that the pontiff is expected to approve the "  heroic virtues " of John Paul II and then declare him "  venerable . " A miracle attributed to his intervention will have to be verified for the late pope to be declared "  blessed , " or beatified . A second miracle would have to be confirmed for him to then be officially canonized , or made a saint . John Paul II died on April 2 , 2005 , at age 84 . Several months after his death , his successor said he had dispensed with rules that normally impose a five-year waiting period before beatification . The rule is intended to allow time for evidence and witnesses supporting the sainthood cause to be prepared , as well as to wait for emotions to dissipate after death . But John Paul himself set a precedent in 1999 when he granted a dispensation and let Mother Teresa 's sainthood cause begin two years after her death . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Pope expected to approve "  heroic virtues " of John Paul II , declare him "  venerable " Two confirmed miracles must be attributed to John Paul before he becomes saint Usually , process begins five years after death , Benedict OKs early start for John Paul
CNN  -- For the first time in 15 years , an American has won the Miss Universe pageant . Olivia Culpo , 20 , of Rhode Island , donned the coveted tiara Wednesday night . She teared up as other contestants placed the crown on her head during the televised event in Las Vegas . "  What an honor ! This night was a dream come true . Thank you everyone for your support tonight !! USA finally did it , " Culpo posted on her official Twitter page later . Culpo beat out 88 other contestants . Miss Philippines , Janine Tugonon , came in second . Culpo won the Miss USA crown in June in part by emphasizing the importance of music education . A cellist for 13 years , Culpo has performed at Boston Symphony Hall and Carnegie Hall in New York City . An American had not won the beauty pageant since 1997 , according to organizers . Last year 's winner was Leila Lopes of Angola . Photos : Mr. English Beauty	Olivia Culpo of Rhode Island wins the Miss Universe pageant No American has won the beauty pageant since 1997 "  This night was a dream come true , " Culpo tweets
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- It was a heartwarming sight : Laura Ling and Euna Lee landing on U.S. soil and being reunited with their families . To the elation of their families , Bill Clinton returned to the U.S. with journalists Laura Ling and Euna Lee . Then , after an appropriate amount of time for hugs and kisses , Bill Clinton appeared , descending from his movie-producer friend 's plane like an angel from heaven . An emotional Ling practically referred to the former president as a messiah , describing to the media and well-wishers waiting at the airport how she and Lee thought they were being sent to a hard-labor camp , only to walk through a door to find Clinton . The crowd broke into loud applause . For all of those who wondered what Bill would do in Hillary Clinton 's diplomatic world , wonder no longer . As details of the Clinton mission came out , it was revealed that the North Koreans themselves asked for Clinton , promising amnesty for the women upon delivery of the former president , whose visit eluded them while he was in office . The deal was done even before Clinton stepped on the plane . So what is next for Bill Clinton ? If the mere thought of a meeting with him is enough to move a regime notorious for never moving , can the Obama administration use that star power to rescue three American hikers who ventured into Iran and are believed to be held by Iranian authorities ? Can Clinton head off two Russian attack submarines cruising in the Atlantic off the East Coast of the United States ? Former presidents are used as envoys and undertake humanitarian missions all the time . Then-President Clinton used former President Jimmy Carter to travel to North Korea in 1994 to negotiate the end to the first nuclear crisis . Clinton and his predecessor , George H.W. Bush , were tapped by Bush 's son , then-President George W. Bush , to lead relief efforts to help Asian and African nations devastated by the 2004 tsunami and again in 2005 after Hurricane Katrina . But the relationship between Bill and Hillary Clinton and President Obama is complex , to say the least . After a bitter-fought battle during the Democratic primaries , Hillary Clinton supporters were looking for a robust role for her in exchange for her support of Obama , with many even suggesting her as a possible candidate for vice president . That idea was short-lived . The Obama team wanted Hillary far from the West Wing . And they wanted Bill even farther . When Obama tapped Hillary to be his secretary of state , there was no shortage of critics who asserted that her husband 's global foundation and role as a high-paid public speaker would present a conflict of interest . The Clintons agreed to strict rules of the road to avoid such conflicts going forward . However Hillary never demurred in her praise for what her husband has accomplished , both during his eight years in the White House or post-presidency . Hillary herself has said she considered her husband a trusted adviser and could even consider using him where appropriate . He is a former president , after all . Bill Clinton has largely stayed out of the limelight , quietly continuing his globetrotting on behalf of the world 's poor and downtrodden . In May , United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon appointed him as the United Nations ' special envoy to Haiti in an effort to refocus international attention on the Caribbean country 's deep economic problems and environmental decay . But with the success of his North Korean mission so quick and easy , it 's conceivable that Bill Clinton could add the role of "  diplomatic cleaner " to his resume -- a version of Harvey Keitel 's role as Winston Wolfe in the movie "  Pulp Fiction " -- a fixer of messy problems , which he solves with a combination of stylish charisma and lucid thinking under pressure . The Obama administration has no shortage of messy foreign policy problems that Hillary Clinton knows could use a Winston Wolfe .	Spotlight returns to Bill Clinton after successful mission to North Korea Ex-president 's speedy retrieval of detained journalists could set stage for new role In "  Pulp Fiction , " characters turned to Winston Wolfe to calmly solve messy problems Analysis : Clinton 's charms could be used with Wolfe-like efficiency around globe
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Madeleine Pulver 's ordeal started last August when a man burst into her room and tied a fake bomb around her neck , and ended on Tuesday when he was sentenced to at least 10 years in jail . The Australian teenager was studying for her final year exams when 52-year-old Paul Douglas Peters broke into her suburban Sydney home and carried out what the prosecution called an act of "  urban terrorism . " "  The terror instilled can only be described as unimaginable , " Judge Peter Zahra told the District Court in Sydney during sentencing Tuesday . Pulver was in the courtroom , as were her parents , and the man who , on a Wednesday afternoon , pushed open their unlocked front door and found the 18-year-old student alone in her bedroom . Armed with a baseball bat and wearing a multi-colored balaclava , he told the frightened teenager to sit on the bed while he fixed a bicycle lock attached to a black box around her neck . According to court documents , as Peters walked away , Pulver asked him where we was going . "  Count to two hundred ... I 'll be back ... if you move I can see you , I 'll be right here , " he replied . She waited . Around her neck was also two-page typed note and a USB stick in a plastic sleeve . After a few minutes Pulver yelled out . There was no response . She texted her parents : Call the police . Then she read the note . "  Powerful new technology plastic explosives are located inside the small black combination case delivered to you . The case is booby trapped . It can ONLY be opened safely , if you follow the instructions and comply with its terms and conditions . " With one look at the word "  explosives " she knew what was around her neck . She phoned her father . Call the police , she begged . The note went on : "  If you disclose these Instructions , future instructions , any correspondence , Remittance instructions enclosures , direction or any other relevant fact outlined here or elsewhere , to any Federal or State agency , the Police or FBI , or to any non-family member , it will trigger an immediate BRIAN DOUGLAS WELLS event . " Pulver phoned her father back . Do n't call the police . It was too late . Sitting alone in her bedroom , Pulver was presumably waiting for what would come first , the police or the blast . When officers arrived they "  found the victim in a hysterical state and crying uncontrollably , " court documents state . Read more : New details emerge in Australian collar bomb case It 's not clear whether the name Brian Douglas Wells meant anything to the Australian schoolgirl , but Peters had borrowed the name of an American pizza delivery man who was killed after a collar bomb fixed to his neck exploded in 2003 . He was forced to wear the device by co-conspirators in a bank heist . It exploded as he sat in a parking lot soon after being stopped by police . Peters was only in the house for a matter of minutes , but it would take police nine hours to determine that the box contained no explosives , and 10 hours to remove it . The entire time Pulver supported the box with her hands for fear it may explode . Outside the court Tuesday , Pulver expressed relief at the sentencing . "  I am pleased with today 's outcome and that I can now look to a future without Paul Peters ' name being linked to mine , " she told the assembled media . Behind the events of that day is the tragic unraveling of a once successful man 's life , from an international career in finance to divorce and a heavy drinking problem , where the lines between fact and fiction became increasingly blurred . According to court documents , Peters was an above average student who left university with a double degree in law and economics . He had a successful career in Hong Kong , where he grew up , before moving to the U.S. with his second wife and young family to take a high-level position with a U.S. firm . Promoted to be managing director of the same firm , he "  achieved substantial financial rewards and maintained a high lifestyle . " However , around six years ago , his marriage broke down . His wife filed for divorce and told him that he would n't see his children again . According to court documents , Peters told one of three psychiatrists asked to examine him that "  that is where the story really starts . " Disillusioned with the banking industry , Peters moved back to Asia and started writing a book . Initially it was a historical novel set in Hong Kong , but morphed into a tale of revenge featuring a character called "  John Chan . " Peters told the examining psychiatrist that he as became more involved in his book he took on Chan 's persona . According to court documents , "  he said the suburb of Mosman was like the Hong Kong peak and he wanted to create in his own mind what the nemesis in his book could have been doing . " During sentencing , the judge debunked suggestions that Peters was motivated by a confused reality and said the motive , beyond reasonable doubt , was extortion . "  The offender intended to place the very young victim in fear that she was going to be killed in order to ensure compliance with the directions in the demand . The offender did so in order to extort money from the victim , " Judge Zahra said . The plan ultimately failed , the judge said , because police were called , the media was alerted , and Peters decided to abandon his efforts to extort money . Five days after entering the house , Peters flew from Sydney to Los Angeles before boarding a connecting flight to Louisville , Kentucky . He was arrested there on August 15 and later extradited to Australia . It remains unclear why Peters targeted an 18-year-old girl and it would be "  unproductive to speculate , " said Judge Zahra . Outside the court , Bill Pulver said of his daughter : "  Maddie Pulver is a very , very special young lady who has handled herself with incredible poise and dignity . We 're unbelievably proud of her . " Peters was sentenced to 13 years and six months in prison , with a non-parole period of 10 years .	Man who attached fake collar bomb to Sydney teen sentenced Paul Douglas Peters to serve at least 10 years of 13-year sentence Police took 10 hours to dismantle the device around Madeleine Pulver 's neck During sentencing , Judge Peter Zahra said Peters ' motivation was extortion
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Helena Hesayne used to be an architect , but she gave up her successful career for her passion : looking after mistreated animals . It is not a popular cause in her native Lebanon , a country still healing from years of civil war . Here , unemployment , poverty and political stability are more pressing concerns for most people . Hesayne , 47 , is a vice president of a shelter on the outskirts of Beirut for 250 animals that have survived abandonment and cruelty . Among the animals she cares for are Burni , a dog who survived being doused in gasoline and set alight , Savana , who was dumped from a car and then hit by another car , and Corra , a Labrador who was shot in the face . Her shelter once even took in a lion cub , which had been living on bread and dirty water in an abandoned building . Hesayne cries as she explains why these animals had to come before her career , but says she has no regrets . "  I left my career for that , " she said . "  I care because that 's the only thing I care about . There is no more nature in Lebanon . It 's all about money . And animals are ... they give me everything . " Her organization , Beirut for the Ethical Treatment of Animals , or BETA , has looked after more than 1,500 dogs , cats and other animals since it opened in 2004 . "  It started with passionate women who were feeding cats and dogs on the streets , and they met around a garbage bin and they decided to join forces and to help , " said Hesayne . Also on Inside the Middle East : Lions , tigers become problem pets in the Gulf Now it risks losing its temporary shelter in a smart district overlooking Beirut because of complaints from neighbors . "  We have villas behind us and they are suing us . They want us out , " said Hesayne . "  Now we have to find a land . The problem is nobody wants to have dogs around them . " Hesayne and her colleague Sevine Zahran have lobbied the Lebanese government to increase its animal-protection laws . Lebanon is one of a few countries not signatory to the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species  CITES  , making it an easy transit point for wildlife smugglers , and it has few domestic animal-protection laws . Zahran , a social-affairs volunteer at BETA , said she has met government officials a few times but found they had different priorities . She agrees that there are many other priorities in Lebanon , but believes animal rights and human rights go hand in hand . "  Humans are a priority and animals are also a priority , " she said . "  We can not forget about something if there 's something else going on in the world . She added : "  Studies show that animal abuse is very , very extremely related to human abuse . " Also on Inside the Middle East : Saudi foodies ditch fast food for fine dining Zahran and BETA would like to see more education about animal abuse . "  A lot of things are not ethical in treating the animals in Lebanon -- we see all kinds of abuse , " she said . "  What we witness on an everyday basis is very hard to share . I try to educate and raise awareness among the people . " BETA has begun a pioneering program with Oumnia , a charity for sick and disabled children , to introduce dogs to young patients . Dogs from BETA are taken into Oumnia 's center in an attempt to help boost the children 's self confidence and independence . Marie-Gabrielle Phares , vice-president of Oumnia , said : "  We had some children who did n't speak at all and with the dogs they really started to manage and to speak ... and to speak to others and to play . It was fantastic really . I think dogs therapy is a very good thing for children . "	Beirut for the Ethical Treatment of Animals has cared for more than 1,500 cats and dogs Animal rights not a popular cause in Lebanon , which has few animal-protection laws Many animals taken in by the shelter have suffered horrific abuse
CNN  -- Four people were presumed dead Monday after a small airplane crashed near the John C. Tune Airport in Nashville , Tennessee , authorities said . Four members from the same family were believed to be on board , and there were no survivors , said Don Aaron with the Metropolitan Nashville Police Department . The airplane crashed beside the Bellevue YMCA . No other injuries were reported . The flight left Great Bend Municipal Airport in Great Bend , Kansas , and was preparing for a second approach to the Nashville airport when the accident occurred , Aaron said . The cause of the crash was not clear . The Federal Aviation Administration was on scene , and the National Transportation Safety Board was expected to be there by Tuesday morning . Video shows plane 's fatal crash landing in Aspen , Colorado Wreckage of downed plane carrying software president found in Idaho CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	The four people on board are believed to be from the same family The airplane crashed beside a YMCA ; no other injuries were reported The cause of the crash is not clear
Oak Creek , Wisconsin  CNN  -- Two young children have emerged as heroes after warning others of a gunman on a rampage at their Sikh house of worship in suburban Milwaukee . Abhay Singh , 11 , and his sister , Amanat , 9 , were sitting outside the gurdwara Sunday morning when the shooter , identified as Wade Michael Page , first opened fire on two people . "  We ran as fast as we could inside to warn everybody in the kitchen and everybody else there is a man outside with a gun , " Abhay -- whose name means "  fearless " -- told CNN 's "  AC360 " on Wednesday . "  We were a little bit scared . " The children said they hid with others in a pantry after sounding the alarm . Their mother , Kanwal Singh , and father had told them to stay inside while they went to a store to get supplies for a meal at the gurdwara . But the children said the inside was hot . The horrified parents could not immediately reach the children . Shooting victims put others first "  We were worried and praying like hopefully we will see them again , " KanwalSingh said . The FBI , meanwhile , said Wednesday that Page died from a self-inflicted wound to the head and not from a shot fired by a responding officer . Police previously said Page died after being shot by the officer . That shot in the stomach was potentially fatal , but Page died from the self-inflicted wound , said Teresa Carlson , special agent in charge for the FBI in Milwaukee . Carlson revealed few other details about the investigation of Sunday 's shooting in Oak Creek . Six people were killed . She said that no clear motive has been established and that Misty Cook , Page 's former girlfriend who was arrested Sunday on an unrelated weapons charge , is probably not linked to the shooting . "  We do not believe she had anything to do with it , " Carlson said . After authorities went to Cook 's home to interview her , she was charged with possessing a gun , which is illegal because she is a felon . Page , a 40-year-old Army veteran who neighbors say played in a so-called hate-rock band , was the lone gunman , Carlson said . Police have not found any notes or other clues as to why Page went on a killing spree at the Oak Creek temple , and his family members have not reported observing warning signs . "  This is a guy who moved around a lot , " Carlson said . "  We are zeroing in on any possible motives , but right now , we do n't have one . " Authorities have conducted more than 100 interviews nationwide with people including Page 's family members , associates and neighbors , she said . They also are reviewing his e-mails and other electronic records . The investigation continued as a community reeled from the carnage . Explainer : Who are Sikhs ? For a fourth consecutive night , mourners held vigils Wednesday to remember the dead and pray for the wounded . One gathering was held near the White House . Many of the estimated 200 or so people wore ribbons colored orange and blue to symbolize the identity of the Sikh community . Many wrote notes on a sign that had the names of the victims and read "  United Against Hate . " The sign will be sent to the Wisconsin temple . Authorities received tips that Page might have links to the white supremacist movement , but nothing has been confirmed , according to Oak Creek Police Chief John Edwards and the FBI . Officials said that the 9 mm semiautomatic handgun with multiple ammunition magazines used by the attacker had been legally purchased . According to a man who described himself as Page 's old Army buddy , the attacker talked about "  racial holy war " when they served together in the 1990s . Christopher Robillard of Oregon , who said he lost contact with Page more than a decade ago , added that when Page would rant , "  it would be about mostly any non-white person . " Page , born on Veterans Day in 1971 , joined the Army in 1992 and left the service in 1998 , according to Army spokesman George Wright . The Sikh turban : At one personal and extremely personal Page 's service was marked by "  patterns of misconduct , " and he received a general discharge because of "  discreditable incidents , " according to a Pentagon official . Robillard said Page was pushed out for showing up to formation drunk . An Iowa-based trucking company , which employed Page from April 2006 to August 2010 , said it fired him as a driver for violating company policy regarding impaired driving , which also applied to personal vehicles . Barr-Nunn Transportation , in a statement Monday , said Page was dismissed after he received an impaired-driving citation in North Carolina while driving a personal vehicle on his own time . "  Additional documentation indicates he refused to submit to a chemical analysis to determine alcohol concentration or presence of an impairing substance at the time of the citation , " the company said . Page lived in Fayetteville , North Carolina , for several years . He owned a modest house on a country road , but he ran into financial trouble and the home was foreclosed on , according to Wells Fargo bank . John Tew , manager of a Harley-Davidson motorcycle store in Fayetteville , told CNN he fired Page from his parts coordinator job in 2004 because Page "  had a big problem with authority " and with working with women . Tew said he found an application for the Ku Klux Klan on Page 's desk the day he was dismissed . Two neighbors of Page identified him in photos that showed him playing in the far-right punk band "  End Apathy " with Nazi flags hanging near him . The six victims of Sunday 's attack were identified by police as five men -- Sita Singh , 41 ; Ranjit Singh , 49 ; temple president Satwant Singh Kaleka , 65 ; Prakash Singh , 39 , and Suveg Singh , 84 -- and one woman , 41-year-old Paramjit Kaur . Remembering the victims CNN 's Moni Basu , Brian Todd , Ted Rowlands , Carol Cratty , Mike Mount , Ed Payne , Scott Bronstein , Tom Cohen , Shawn Nottingham , Susan Candiotti , Deborah Feyerick , Phil Gast and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	NEW : Two children talk about warning others at temple NEW : Vigil held near White House FBI says gunman Wade Michael Page shot himself in the head It says Page 's ex-girlfriend was arrested on a weapons charge , probably is n't linked to shooting
CNN  -- Fears over Ebola have made the jump from pundits to the playground . On Friday , a group of students attacked two of their peers at I.S. 318 in the Bronx while yelling "  Ebola " at the brothers who had recently returned from Senegal , the boys ' father told CNN Newsroom Tuesday . The New York Department of Education confirms the incident occurred , saying the boys were pushed and shoved . Ousmane Drame , the boys ' father , said the boys felt so upset by their experience that they want to go back to Africa . Ebola outbreak : Get up to speed "  They were made fun of by the children  who  started yelling , ` Ebola . Ebola . Ebola . Africa . Africa , " Drame said his sons told him . Charles Cooper of the African Advisory Council , a local advocacy group , said that during lunch , one of the boys was jumped by the students who had been calling him "  Ebola . " When his older brother intervened , the brother also was assaulted . Drame said classmates refused to play with his sons in gym . "  We 're done playing with you . You have Ebola , " he said one of the bullies told his sons . "  You sit down . ... They do n't want to play with them . Nobody is close to them . " "  We will not tolerate intimidation or bullying of our students , " NYC Schools Chancellor Carmen Farina said in a statement , "  especially in this moment when New Yorkers need to come together . " Who shouts ` Ebola ' ? ` The stigmatization of Ebola ' Farina added that her office is investigating and that they 've sent staff to "  mediate the incident . " Cooper said these young children are bearing "  the stigmatization of Ebola and something needs to be done . " The boys , according to the their father , were born in the United States . Senegal , the country they returned from , has had only one case of Ebola . On October 17 , the World Health Organization declared that nation free of Ebola . "  They want to go to school , " their father said . "  I need to find a new school . " But perception is n't always fueled by fact . In the first week of October , the CDC received 800 calls from Americans concerned about Ebola . When a doctor in Manhattan became that New York City 's first Ebola patient , everything he 'd touched since he returned from Guinea came under scrutiny . A bowling alley he visited underwent decontamination as headlines asked whether Ebola could be transmitted via a bowling ball . Poll on Ebola attitudes According to a new CNN poll , 81 % of Americans polled think it 's likely someone in the United States will be infected with Ebola in the next few weeks . But only about a quarter think that will happen in their community . A slight majority approve of the federal government 's handling of the disease and fully 71 % are confident the feds can prevent a nationwide outbreak . But the poll did show that three in 10 would like noncitizens traveling from West Africa to be prevented from entering , even in absence of any symptoms . "  We can not allow the Ebola epidemic to stigmatize a single population , " said U.S. Rep Jose Serrano of New York . The congressman , who represents the part of the Bronx where the two boys were attacked , said in a statement : "  Ebola is not a West African problem , or even an African problem , it is a global health concern . Instead of feeding into the fear and discriminating against others , we need to come together in solidarity as we grapple with this terrible disease . " Or as Cooper with African Advisory Council put it to News 12 : "  We do n't want to see any of our children being bullied in any school . They are there to learn and they 're there to be kids . " CNN 's Sho Wills contributed to this report .	Two boys just returned from Senegal were beaten at a Bronx public school , their father says The father said the attackers yelled "  Ebola " at his sons NYC schools chancellor said her office will investigate CNN poll : 81 % think somebody in U.S. will be infected with Ebola soon
CNN  -- In 2003 , former newspaper editor Ali Reza Eshraghi made a mistake that cost him his freedom : he published a cartoon . The sketch in question , a drawing from 1937 depicting U.S. President Franklin Roosevelt 's pressure on the U.S. Supreme Court , seemed an innocuous choice for the Iranian newspaper , Hayat No . But Iran 's Special Court for the Clergy disagreed . According to Reporters Without Borders it ruled that that the cartoon 's depiction of Roosevelt looked suspiciously like the Islamic Republic 's founder Ayatollah Khomeini and was insulting to his memory . The court shut down Hayat No , and Eshraghi spent nearly two months in prison . A decade later , Eshraghi 's friend and former colleague , journalist Omid Memarian , decided to honor the pressures placed on satirists in a book entitled , "  Sketches of Iran : A Glimpse from the Front Lines of Human Rights . " The book , published in January by the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran , was informed by Memarian 's conviction that political cartoons played a unique role in his country 's struggle for democracy . "  Over the past ten years I 've been working as a journalist both in Iran and out of Iran , and I 've seen political cartoons have a very strong impact on political discussions and social discussions , " he explained . "  Cartoons communicate with a much wider audience , with different layers of society , with people from different social economic class , with different levels of education . " Read more : Dubai cops get a ` Lambo ' Shirin Ebadi , the Nobel Peace Prize-winning lawyer , notes in her forward to the book that decades of censorship have also meant that the subtle , tongue-in-cheek wit of cartoonists takes on special power , writing that "  a society stricken by years of authoritarian rule can not express itself and its pains in a straightforward manner . " Satire has long been used as a powerful medium for veiled political commentary and political cartoons became a favorite medium for poking fun at authorities . The satirical magazine "  Molla Nasreddin , " an Azeri language periodical published between 1906 and 1930 enjoyed a wide readership across the Middle East . Its main character , a bumbling and backwards cleric often depicted in compromising scenarios , resonated with countries grappling with the thorny issue of modernization -- particularly Iran , where Molla Nasreddin 's first year of publication coincided with the Constitutional Revolution , an attempt to reform Iran 's monarchy . The country 's first experiment with liberal democracy was ended in 1907 , but Molla Nasreddin 's jokes lived on inspiring future generations of artists who have used political cartoons to offer subtle social commentary for decades . "  The reasons cartoons ... have a very strong presence in Iranian culture is that in some of these cycles of oppression journalists or authors could not write . But cartoonists might find ways to express an idea or in a very delicate way , " said Memarian . Memarian believes cartoons have a unique ability to capture complex political problems in a succinct and visually powerful way , making them universally appealing . Read more : Iraq 's controversial comedy show Now , the dynamics of the Arab Spring have bred a new cartoon culture that has moved away from understated critique to direct assaults on authoritarnism . "  The scope for public expression has become much wider " said Lina Khatib , director of the Arab Reform and Democracy Program at Stanford University . "  People feel much more empowered in being able to express how they feel about autocracy without the fear which used to force them to opt for subtlety . " Tarek Shahin , author of the graphic novel "  Rise : the Story of the Egyptian Revolution as Told Shortly Before It Began , " agrees . "  As recently as three years ago just the fact that I wrote about politics and other social taboos had many of my friends and family worried about my safety and theirs by association , " said Shahin . "  Today you ca n't keep up with all the political jokes , be they cartoons , internet memes or street graffiti . " Read more : Arab women directors find international acclaim Self-expression is finding new forms , too . Dean Obeidallah , founder of the New York Arab-American Comedy Festival and a stand-up comedian who conducts workshops in the Middle East , said he has witnessed an explosion in the number of local comics in the region . But in Iran , according to Omid Memarian , many humorists have been forced to leave the country . "  Over the past seven to eight years , particularly over the past four years , many cartoonists -- like journalists -- have fled the country and live abroad , " he said . "  They are under constant pressure to make sure their cartoons do not become a reason to harm the newspaper ... There have been newspaper that have been shut down just for having a controversial cartoon . " Nonetheless , cartoonists in Iran are drawing on their creativity to evade censorship , which Memarian insists makes their work even more powerful . "  We 're seeing actions become more ambiguous , more general , more interpretative , " he said . "  But  the process of decoding a message is more attractive . It 's more appealing , more beautiful . "	Iranian cartoonists satirizing political system face great pressure Book of Iranian political cartoonists ' work published to honor their role in society Satire used when straightforward expression is difficult or suppressed More satirists and comedians appearing across the region , says U.S. Arabic comedian Dean Obeidallah
Murdock , Minnesota  CNN  -- Jannet Walsh is not waiting for the presidential candidates to encourage more jobs . Instead , the unemployed Minnesotan is trying to create one on her own . "  I think it was February , after I do n't know how many  job  rejections , " the 48-year-old told CNN Radio , the frustration still clear in her voice , "  I actually remember sitting here kind of yelling , ` This is it ! This is enough ! ' " That moment , Walsh decided to create her own business , a one-woman photography and media company based in her family 's century-old home . With that decision , the energetic former newspaper photographer took a gamble that is central to the debates over the economy and the White House . Small businesses generated 65 % of the new jobs in America over the past 17 years , according to the Small Business Administration . And such firms , defined as having fewer than 500 workers , employ half of all workers in the private sector . Both President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney have spoken about the importance of small businesses and their commitment to supporting them . But Walsh already understands the bigger issue : how to make sure a nascent business survives . "  Right now , I 'm not making much money , " Walsh sighed , her laptop perched on the antique writer 's desk that used to belong to her grandfather , "  but I think once more people know who I am and actually see me out more , I think that could change . " Better off than four years ago ? Watch Jannet Walsh 's iReport In addition to the normal steep hill involved with starting a business , this entrepreneur faces a hurdle with her location . Walsh moved back to the small town of Murdock , Minnesota , two years ago to help her mother , who was ill and died last fall . She has stayed in the farming community of 278 people for a number of reasons . Her aunt is ill and in a nearby nursing home , and after returning to Murdock , Walsh has had a renewed sense of family and easy-going community . "  There 's not a lot of nightlife here , " she admitted . Then the former newspaper worker paused , her face then lighting into a smile , "  but in the evening , when it gets cooler , you 'll see people walking , and they 'll walk through town or through the old cemetery . It 's very nice . " Walsh pointed out the homes of relatives , friends and perhaps the town 's most knowing resident , Mrs. Clark , whose house has a clear view of the church steps . Now , she hopes she can beat the odds and make a small business thrive in this quiet town . According to the SBA , a third of all small businesses shutter in the first two years , and half call it quits in the first five . This is what the men running for president say they want to change , and both men say they 'd try to help by changing the tax code . Romney would like to cut all individual income taxes by 20 % . But critics say the Republican 's plan would result in higher tax rates for the smallest earners , like Walsh , and lower tax rates for some bigger companies . Romney vs. Obama on taxes Obama has not made a specific proposal for individual income tax cuts but insists that he is for tax reform that would lower most rates . He has signed and proposed other specific tax help for small businesses , including a deduction on $ 125,000 worth of expenses . As with Romney 's plan , critics point out that larger businesses could end up with lower tax rates than some small companies under the president 's proposal . Embed America 's behind-the-scenes video with Walsh In Minnesota , Walsh 's business , with just five paying clients , is about as small as they get . In part , that is because her starting strategy has included a few nonpaying events so that she could get more attention for her work and name . "  Hopefully ... someone will see , wow , there 's this woman in Murdock , Minnesota , and she has a lot of skills and talent , " she mused , "  I think we should hire her . " How are you coping with the economy ? Share your story with CNN iReport Walsh has invested money in equipment and advertising for her new venture . But , like many people starting a small business , she is not counting on that as her only source of income . She 's not sure the candidates understand the juggling act a startup requires . "  How we 're going to work has changed , " Walsh said , her wide eyes getting narrow , "  It 's possible , and this is scary , I never receive another full-time job . ... We need to rethink how we earn our money to live , and it might have to be through several flows of income . " iReport Debate : Two unemployed voters talk jobs Walsh wo n't say which candidate she believes could improve her life more , adding that she does n't want to push away potential clients with political thoughts . But , she added , "  I do want something to change . " See all of the Embed America coverage here . And track the Embed team 's progress on our map .	Small Business Administration defines small business as having fewer than 500 workers Small businesses have generated 65 % of new jobs in America for past 17 years Obama , Romney offer competing tax cut plans to help small businesses Follow CNN Radio 's Embed America trip on our map
CNN  -- Ca n't a little Missouri candy store have a little fun ? Fat chance . An offer by the Route 66 Candy Shoppe to hand out free fudge to anyone tipping the scales at more than 300 pounds has become a weighty issue in the Ozark town of Waynesville . "  FREE FUDGE for anyone over 300 pounds on Fat Tuesday ! Walk , run , waddle or ride your motorized wheelchair down to the Route 66 Candy Shoppe ! See you Tuesday ! " says the store 's Facebook page . After all , is n't the idea behind Fat Tuesday to overindulge and have a bit of fun ? Former customer Deb Czuprynski is n't laughing . "  It made my blood boil , " she told CNN affiliate KSPR . "  It may be a joke to them but to other viewers they ca n't help it , some will die because of obesity , no one should ever make fun of it . " Shop owner Charley Dill , who 's often been compared to the late roly poly actor Dom DeLuise and looks like he 's had his hand in the candy jar a time or two , said it 's just a fun way to celebrate Fat Tuesday . "  We are not trying to make a statement or do anything to offend anyone , " he said . "  We just thought it was a good way to invite people to come in and have a good laugh . " While the offer may not appeal to everyone , Dill said "  fellow fatties " from Columbia -- about 100 miles away -- have told him they 're loading up the car and plan to flock to his shop . Dill even suggested future specials , like free candy for pregnant women on Labor Day .	Free fudge for folks who weigh more than 300 pounds It 's a Fat Tuesday special A former customer says obesity is nothing to laugh at Candy shop owner Charley Dill says people tell him he looks like actor Dom DeLuise
CNN  -- Javier-Angel Balboa scored a dramatic late goal for Equatorial Guinea on Saturday as they beat Libya 1-0 in the opening match of the Africa Cup of Nations . The former Real Madrid striker struck three minutes from the end , latching onto to Daniel Ekedo 's pass before firing past Libya 's goalkeeper Samir Aboud . The co-hosts  with neighboring Gabon  had the ball in the back of the Libyan net in the first half , but Ivan Bolado 's 16th minute effort was adjudged offside by the referee . Libya had chances to equalize , perhaps the best falling to Jamal Mohamed whose shot was parried away by Danilo . Aboud produced a fine save from a Lawrence Doe free kick midway through the second half before Balboa scored late on to grab all three points . The win also earned the team a $ 1 million bonus , which was promised by the son of long-standing president Teodoro Obiang Nguema shortly before the tournament got underway . Defeat for Libya capped a miserable opening day after a Moammar Gadhafi-era green flag appeared on the tournament 's official website . Libyan officials complained requesting that it be replaced with the new black , red and green national flag representing the ruling National Transitional Council . In Saturday 's other Group A match Zambia beat Senegal 2-1 . Emmanuel Mayuka and Rainford Kalaba put Zambia 2-0 up within 20 minutes -- a lead they maintained until the 74th minute when Dame N'Doye pulled one back . Despite concerted pressure Senegal failed to come up with an equalizer leaving Zambia to celebrate a famous win as the final whistle blew . Their next match is against Libya , while Equatorial Guinea take on Senegal . Both matches will be played on January 25 .	Equatorial Guinea beat Libya 1-0 in opening match of 2012 Africa Cup of Nations Javier-Angel Balboa scores in 87th minute to earn team $ 1 million bonus Zambia defeat Senegal 2-1 to top Group A after opening round of matches
CNN  -- Somalian supermodel Waris Dirie has graced the pages of glossy magazines and starred opposite 007 as a Bond Girl . Face for change : Dirie is a tireless campaigner against FGM . But her glamorous appearances on catwalks and in magazines and films belies the personal battles Dirie has had to overcome . Dirie is a leading voice against forced circumcision and female genital mutilation  FGM  and struggled to overcome her own circumcision at the age of five . The forthcoming film , "  Desert Flower " , based on her biography , tells her story . Yet it is through her charitable foundation that Dirie hopes that the practice still common in traditions in parts of Africa , the Middle East , South American and Asia will not create more cases similar to her own . Growing up with a nomadic family in Somalia she was one of 12 children . She fled to the London , where one of her uncles was working in the Somali embassy , to avoid an arranged marriage with an older man . She was just 13-years-old at the time . After working as a housemaid and in a McDonald 's restaurant she was spotted by chance by fashion photographer Terrance Donovan and became the covergirl for the 1987 Pirelli calendar . Becoming the face of beauty products and design houses , her successful modeling career has given her a life far removed from her childhood . Yet for Dirie more importantly it has created a platform to campaign against FGM . In 2002 she created the Waris Dirie Foundation and has been given a number of honors in recognition of her work .	Somalian supermodel and human rights activist Campaigns against female genital mutilation ; suffered circumcision age just five Fled from Somali to UK as a teenager ; spotted by fashion photographer Set up Waris Dirie Foundation in 2002 ; received numerous award for her work
Here are nine reasons to think armed drones are going to be an increasingly common feature of warfare : Bergen : Armed drones are key to future of warfare 1 . Given the relatively low costs of drones -- already much cheaper than the costs of a fighter jet and of training a fighter jet pilot -- armed drones will likely play a key role in future conflicts . Armed U.S. Reaper drones , for instance , cost $ 12 million each and have been frequently deployed against suspected members of al Qaeda , while the F-22 war plane costs around ten times that amount . 2 . The virtual monopoly that the United States had on armed drones a decade ago is evaporating . So far , the United States , United Kingdom and Israel are the only nations that have used armed drones in combat . However , according to data compiled by the New America Foundation , 82 countries now own some type of drone , and while only a small number of those nations possess armed drone aircraft , the new players in the world of armed drones include traditional American adversaries such as China , Russia and Iran . 3 . Building drones , particularly armed drones , takes sophisticated technology and access to the specific weaponry that can be launched from an unmanned vehicle . But governments are increasingly willing to invest the necessary time and money either to buy or develop them since armed drones are increasingly seen as an integral part of modern warfare . The Teal Group , a defense consulting firm in Virginia , estimated in 2013 that the global market for the research , development and procurement of drones will more than double in the next decade , from $ 5.2 billion annually to $ 11.6 billion a year . 4 . Israel is the world 's largest exporter of drones and drone technology . The state-owned Israel Aerospace Industries has sold drones and drone technology to more than two dozen countries around the world . 5 . Last year the scientific adviser to India 's defense minister announced that a state military research firm would begin test-firing precision missiles from drones "  in a couple months . " 6 . A consortium of Euopean countries , including France , Greece , Italy , Spain , and Switzerland , is developing an armed drone prototype called the Dassault nEUROn . France plans to manufacture armed drones for its air force based on this prototype . 7 . In February 2013 , a regional Russian government posted online and then quickly removed photographs of two Russian-made armed drones . The two systems were reportedly scheduled to begin test flights in 2014 . 8 . At a 2012 air show in China , Chinese companies displayed full-size armed drones , the CH-4 and Yilong . And the following year a state-run newspaper reported that Chinese authorities had considered using armed drones to kill Naw Kham , a drug lord in Myanmar who was accused of murdering 13 Chinese sailors . In the end , China decided to capture Naw Kham instead of launching a drone strike , but the report showed China 's capacity to carry out armed drone attacks . Meanwhile , Taiwan has also been building indigenous drone capabilities , and Taiwanese authorities announced in December that they are developing an armed drone . 9 . In 2012 , an Iranian military commander , Brig. Gen. Amir Ali Hajizadeh , disclosed details of a new long-range drone that he claimed can fly 2,000 kilometers  about 1,250 miles  , which puts Tel Aviv , Israel , easily in range . A year later , Iran announced it would begin mass-producing and exporting the drone , which is supposedly capable of carrying up to eight missiles .	Peter Bergen , Jennifer Rowland : Drones cost a fraction of a fighter jet They say drone industry will double in size in next decade Israel , Russia , China , India are among nations developing military drones
CNN  -- The federal government will give $ 1 billion in grants to law enforcement agencies in every state to pay for the hiring and rehiring of law enforcement officers , Vice President Joe Biden and Attorney General Eric Holder announced Tuesday . Police officers in Chicago , Illinois , patrol the streets in November 2008 . The money comes from the stimulus bill -- the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 -- the officials said . The law is designed to help pull the U.S. out of its recession by providing and saving jobs , and helping those most affected by the downturn in the economy . Beneficiaries can include state , local and tribal governments . The Department of Justice received more than 7,200 applications for more than 39,000 officer positions , representing a total of $ 8.3 billion in requested funding . "  The tremendous demand for these grants is indicative of both the tough times our states , cities and tribes are facing , and the unyielding commitment by law enforcement to making our communities safer , " said Attorney General Eric Holder in a statement . Biden spoke of the bravery of police officers who never know when they might be shot , even on a simple call . With rows of police officers standing behind him , he pointed out the hazards and uncertainty of police work . "  It 's just astounding to me how much we take for granted what you do , and thankfully how much you take for granted what you do , " said Biden . "  We ask you to go out to defend us , and you 're entitled to be equipped to defend us , " he added . The Recovery Act includes $ 4 billion in Department of Justice grant funding to local law enforcement . Some of this money was distributed to states previously to help crime victims , women who are targets of violence , Internet crimes against children and other needs . The current round of grants will be awarded to 1,046 law enforcement agencies in all 50 states , and will provide 100 percent of the approved salary and benefits for 4,699 officers for three years . Police departments that receive the money must retain the grant-funded positions for a fourth year . The grants will be administered by the U.S. Department of Justice 's Office of Community Oriented Policing Services  COPS  . Funding decisions were based on reported crimes for the previous calendar year , community policing activities , budget changes , and poverty , unemployment , and foreclosure rates in the area . "  These officers will go to the places where they are needed the most , " Holder said . Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey , who attended the news conference , said five police officers were killed in the line of duty in his city between May 3 , 2008 , and February 13 , 2009 . "  So violence is very much a concern here in Philadelphia , " he said . "  There is far too much violence taking place every day on the streets of our city . " Pennsylvania plans to create or save 93 law enforcement positions statewide by awarding more than $ 20 million to 19 law enforcement agencies . The Philadelphia Police Department will be able to create and or preserve 50 jobs , according to the statement explaining the grants . Pennsylvania is one of the hardest-hit states in terms of economic decline , officials said . More than 19 percent of the families in Philadelphia live in poverty , and the unemployment rate jumped from 6.4 percent in 2008 to 8.8 percent in 2009 .	Stimulus bill funds will pay for officers in every state "  You 're entitled to be equipped to defend us , " Vice President Joe Biden tells officers Grants will be awarded to 1,046 law enforcement agencies Funding decisions based on reported crimes , economic conditions
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi authorities hanged 21 men after they were convicted of terrorism , the nation 's Ministry of Justice reported Tuesday . The ministry said those executed were involved in kidnappings , assassinations , bombings , and the killings of security officials and civilians . Some of them had carried out attacks by planting bombs and rigging cars and motorcycles with explosives . Amnesty International said the death penalty was suspended after the 2003 invasion but quickly restored by the first Iraqi government . Executions resumed in 2005 . Since then , at least 447 prisoners have been executed , including Saddam Hussein , some of his main associates and alleged members of armed groups . Hundreds of prisoners await execution on death row . The country , where 129 prisoners were hanged in 2012 , is now one of the world 's leading executioners , according to Amnesty International . Ahead of elections , more violence With provincial elections scheduled to take place in five days , attacks have persisted . Politicians are worried that violence could discourage Iraqis from heading to the polls . Police and health officials in Kut told CNN that three people were killed and four others were wounded when a car bomb exploded at a security checkpoint southeast of Baghdad on Tuesday . The area is mostly Shiite . In Tarmiya , north of the capital , a car bomb exploded at a police patrol and killed a bystander and wounded five people , including three officers . This comes after Monday 's bombings across Iraq that left at least 51 killed and more than 266 wounded , health and police officials in Baghdad told CNN on Tuesday .	The men were convicted of terrorism More violence reported in run-up to election Dozens were killed across Iraq on Monday
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  Pakistani Armed Forces paramilitary personal stormed the headquarters of one of the country 's most powerful regional opposition political parties in a predawn raid on Wednesday , seizing a stash of weapons and arresting several wanted criminals , officials said . The Rangers arrived unannounced early Wednesday morning , arrested five men and sealed off the party 's headquarter for four hours . According to a press release from the MQM  Muttahida Qaumi Movement  one of their party workers was shot fatally by rangers during the raid . "  All telephone lines have been disconnected and premises ransacked . Computers and other electronic items have been confiscated . The Rangers also destroyed the electronic surveillance system that had been set up following the May 2013 bomb attacks by the Pakistan Taliban  TTP  , " the release said . Rangers officials have not responded so far to these accusations . In a statement to the media , the Pakistan Rangers released a list of those arrested , including Faisal Mota , a former MQM worker who had been convicted and sentenced to death in absentia for the murder of journalist Wali Khan Babur . Speaking to the media , Rangers spokesperson Col.Tahir Mahmood also confirmed that a large amount of illegal weapons had been seized during the raid . "  The weapons that we had were legal and there as a precautionary measure to deal with real threats from the Taliban against our party and its workers , " Faisal Sabzwari , a senior MQM party leader told CNN . MQM is based in Karachi and is one of Pakistan 's largest political parties . It has the second-largest contingent in the provincial assembly , with 54 of 130 seats . It styles itself as a voice for the downtrodden , the middle class and immigrants from nearby India , but political rivals accuse the party of using heavy-handed tactics , including intimidation , to stay in power . "  The raid is meant to send a clear message that law enforcement agencies and Rangers in particular are not going to bow to any political convention , " said Zarrar Khuhro , a senior journalist and political analyst in Karachi . MQM 's party leader Altaf Hussain , who has been living in self-imposed exile in London called for calm , but criticized the raid saying that "  it should not be the role of the armed forces to conduct extrajudicial operations on lawful organizations , least of all the headquarters of a democratically elected political party . " Pakistan 's Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan said late Wednesday night that the raid was legal . The MQM has the clout to shut down the city in an hour , sparking general strikes which could last for days , locals say . In the aftermath , locals say businesses in Karachi have shut down , and gas pumps and schools are closed for fear violent protests could erupt in the streets .	Rangers arrested five men and sealed off the party 's headquarter for hours MQM is based in Karachi and is one of Pakistan 's largest political parties Businesses , gas pumps and schools remain closed in Karachi due to raid aftermath
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A court Thursday rejected an appeal filed by a former administrative law judge who sued a dry cleaners for $ 54 million over a missing pair of pants . An unidentified man talks on a cell phone in front of the Chung family 's shop , Custom Cleaners . The District of Columbia Court of Appeals "  ruled resoundingly in favor of the Chung family and denied Mr. Roy Pearson 's appeal of the case completely , " said Christopher Manning , an attorney for the Chung family , who own Custom Cleaners . "  The D.C. Court of Appeals held that the trial court correctly ruled that Mr. Pearson 's claims had no merit whatsoever , " he added . The Chungs have "  some level of relief , " Manning told CNN , "  but they wo n't count Mr. Pearson out for at least trying to torment them further " with future appeals . "  We are very happy with the result and thank everyone for supporting us , " Jin Chung said in a statement issued by Manning . "  The past three years have been very difficult , but we hope this nightmare is finally over . " Pearson initially sought $ 67 million from the Chungs , calculating the amount by estimating years of legal violations , adding nearly $ 2 million in common law claims for fraud . The saga began in May 2005 , when Pearson took several pairs of pants to Custom Cleaners for alteration as he prepared to start his new job as an administrative law judge . He alleged that among them was a pair of pants from a blue and maroon suit . When he came to collect his clothing , he said , the Chungs tried to give him a pair of charcoal gray pants that were not his . During a two-day trial , Pearson , who represented himself , said that when he took the pants to the cleaners , his financial situation was precarious : He had just been ordered to pay $ 12,000 in attorney 's fees to his ex-wife , and his credit cards were at their limit . He claimed millions of dollars in attorney fees and millions more in punitive damages for what he called fraudulent advertising under the law . He also claimed that a sign in the store 's window promising "  satisfaction guaranteed " was an unconditional warranty that required the defendants to honor any claim by any customer without limitation . The Chungs ' attorney argued that no reasonable person would interpret the signs to mean an unconditional promise of satisfaction . District of Columbia Superior Court Judge Judith Bartnoff agreed , ruling that Custom Cleaners did not violate the city 's Consumer Protection Act . Manning , whose law firm handled the appeal on a pro bono basis for the Chungs , said the Chungs hope the "  vague and often unfair " act will be changed "  so that others do not suffer like they did . " In August 2007 , the Chungs dropped their bid to recover legal costs in the hopes that Pearson would drop his appeal . Pearson may request that the appeal be heard again by the entire panel of D.C. Court of Appeals judges , Manning said . He also could petition to the U.S. Supreme Court for an appeal . "  It is the Chungs ' hope that Mr. Pearson will not attempt to appeal any further and will end his frivolous and baseless attacks on the Chung family , " Manning wrote in the statement . "  The 3 1/2 years this case has been pending and appealed have been very difficult for the Chungs , " he said . "  They lost two of their dry cleaning stores and their realization of the American dream . " He said the family wants to "  quietly return to their one remaining small dry-cleaning store ... to rebuild their lives . " Pearson was taken off the bench in May 2007 while the lawsuit was pending and was not reappointed as an administrative law judge when his term expired . He filed a federal lawsuit in May 2008 to get his government job back , accusing city government and others of an "  unlawful demotion and subsequent termination . " That suit remains pending . CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this story .	Appeals court rejects appeal of failed $ 54 million lawsuit over missing pants Dry cleaners say they are n't counting plaintiff out Ex-administrative judge who filed case could take it to Supreme Court
To many of his neighbors , Colorado school gunman Karl Pierson was the wholesome boy next door who liked achievement and ran on the cross country team . He even worked on an Eagle Scout project two years ago . To schoolmates , Pierson was known for his outspoken intelligence that served him well on the debate team . But at times , he acted "  weird " and alienated peers with rants about communism and his aggressiveness to win every argument , they said . One neighbor described him as bright but a social misfit whose peers ridiculed him . His mother had transferred him from another high school because of the mockery and altercations , the neighbor said . Pierson , 18 , opened fire Friday inside Arapahoe High School , where he was a senior . Claire Davis , 17 , was wounded in a point-blank shooting , and Pierson , who apparently did n't know Davis , then killed himself in the library , Arapahoe County Sheriff Grayson Robinson told reporters Friday . "  He was a really smart kid . He was intelligent . He knew how to speak ; he really did . I do n't think I ever won an argument with that kid , " junior Daylon Stutz said in the school parking lot on Saturday , when students were allowed to retrieve their cars . Stutz , an offensive tackle on the football team , had known Pierson since the two shared a human behavior class when Stutz was a freshman and Pierson a sophomore . They worked on a class experiment together in which they went into the community and tried breaking unwritten rules , Stutz said . "  I did think he was a little weird , but I did n't think he was , like , bad weird , " Stutz added . "  He always kind of talked about how America was a communist country , how the government was , like , trying to take us over and stuff . I do n't know , just some weird stuff that I did n't really pay close attention to , but nothing that alarmed me . "  He was definitely kind to me . I never saw him mean to anybody . He was n't condescending to anyone , " he said . In Friday 's shooting , Pierson was armed with a shotgun , a bandolier stocked with ammunition , a machete and three Molotov cocktails , Robinson said . Pierson fired five shots within 1 minute and 20 seconds , he said . Pierson entered his school looking for the debate team 's coach , CNN affiliate KUSA reported , citing Robinson . Pierson was apparently seeking revenge against a faculty member because of a "  confrontation or disagreement , " the sheriff said . High school senior Frank Woronoff said he had known Pierson since they were freshmen . "  He was the last person I would expect to shoot up a high school , " Woronoff said . "  He was pretty geeky and nerdy but in a charming way , one of the nicest , most humble people I know , " he added . Senior Chris Davis , 18 , was among many students Saturday trying to make sense of Pierson 's shooting rampage . "  He was a weird kid , " Davis said . "  He 's a self-proclaimed communist , just wears Soviet shirts all the time . " Pierson became easily aggravated , "  always liked to be right " and did n't like losing , Davis said . "  It seems realistic , now , that he did it , " Davis added . The home where authorities believe Pierson armed himself is five miles from his school and appeared vacant Saturday . Its front door was sealed and boarded a day after federal agents raided the property and executed search warrants . Why ? Sheriff wants to know reason for Colorado school shooting A man who declined to be identified in an CNN interview lives a few doors away and said he has known Pierson since he was a boy . In the last few days , the neighbor noticed Pierson driving at excessive speeds throughout their normally quiet , modest middle-class suburb . The neighbor said Pierson 's mother , Barbara , transferred her son to Arapahoe High School from nearby Highland Ranch High School because her son had been subjected to constant ridicule and physical altercations . "  He was socially awkward and just did n't seem to fit into the larger teenage groups , and I think that weighed on him , " the neighbor told CNN . Lessons of Columbine and other school shootings helped in Arapahoe The neighbor said Pierson 's parents had been separated for years , and Karl was living with his mother and younger sister . "  While Karl was socially a misfit around kids his age , he was intellectually bright and loved to debate in school , " the neighbor said . "  If he was disciplined in a debate class , that must have meant everything to him . It may have been trigger point . " Pierson was active in his community , KUSA reported . He took pride in how he routinely won contests on his speech and debate team , the station reported . He showed off his first place and second place trophies online . One neighbor described him as a "  nice young man , " the affiliate said . In fact , the TV outlet interviewed him seven years ago about the design of a quarter commemorating Colorado . Pierson submitted questions to the station in 2008 for a show about the Colorado Supreme Court and asked a question at a U.S. Senate debate in 2010 , the news outlet said . Colorado school shooting : School-day chatter broken by ` This is not a drill '	Colorado school gunman Karl Pierson liked debate and cross-country running But he alienated peers with talk about communism and winning every argument "  He was pretty geeky and nerdy , but in a charming way , " friend says One neighbor describes him as bright but a social misfit whose peers ridiculed him
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Harry turned 25 Tuesday in the knowledge that he is now entitled to part of the multi-million dollar inheritance left to him by his late mother . Prince Harry is currently training to become a helicopter pilot with the British Army . Harry was just 12 years old when Diana , Princess of Wales , was killed in a car crash in Paris in 1997 . His mother left an estate worth # 21 million  $ 35 million  , but more than # 8 million  $ 13.31 million  was paid in inheritance tax , leaving around # 13 million  $ 21.6 million  to be shared between Harry and his brother William , who is second in line to the throne , the British Press Association reported . Much of that money is thought to have been invested but it is not known if the economic downturn has affected the amount . Both princes are prevented from spending the lump sum of their inheritance until they turn 30 . But Harry will pocket all income generated by his portion of the estate -- around # 300,000  $ 500,000  a year . Watch more about Prince Harry 's birthday windfall " Prince Harry joined the British Army in 2006 and served in Afghanistan for more than two months from the end of 2007 to early 2008 , before being withdrawn after news of his secret deployment leaked out to the media . There had been fears that Harry , who is third in line to the throne , could become a target for Taliban militants . According to British media reports , the prince 's deployment was subject to a news blackout deal struck between the Ministry of Defence and newspapers and broadcasters in the UK and abroad . He received a promotion to the rank of lieutenant in April last year and is now training to become a helicopter pilot with the British Army 's Air Corps . The young royal has also created a few negative headlines , particularly in Britain 's tabloid press , in recent years . In February this year , he was formally disciplined by his Army superiors after videos surfaced showing him using offensive language -- referring to a fellow soldier as a "  Paki " and another as looking "  like a raghead . " A spokesman for the prince told CNN : "  Prince Harry has apologized for his comments and has been subjected to normal Army disciplinary procedures . The matter is now closed . " In a well-publicized gaffe in 2005 , Harry apologized after he was photographed wearing a Nazi uniform at a party . "  It was a very stupid thing to do and I 've learned my lesson , simple as that really , " he said in an interview marking his 21st birthday . "  I 'd like to put it in the past now . What 's done is done . I regret it . "	Harry was 12 when his mother , Diana , Princess of Wales , was killed His mother left an estate worth # 21 million  $ 35 million Harry will pocket interest from his portion -- around $ 500,000 a year
CNN  -- Christian militia fighters killed at least 72 Muslim men and boys in two attacks in a remote southwestern corner of the strife-torn Central African Republic , rights group Human Rights Watch said Thursday . The attacks in the village of Guen , which occurred in February , came to light after the rights group interviewed survivors , mostly women , children and the elderly , who had sought refuge in a nearby village . Researchers also uncovered another massacre two weeks later in another village , Yakongo , this time of 19 people . They were killed by armed fighters from Seleka , a predominantly Muslim group , supported by cattle herders , the rights group said in a report . According to Human Rights Watch , French and African Union peacekeeping forces are deployed in the larger southwestern towns of Boda and Carnot but do not patrol the road between them where these villages lie . The spiraling ethnic violence in the Central African Republic has led some observers to fear another genocide like that seen in Rwanda nearly 20 years ago . The Central African Republic was plunged into chaos last year after Seleka ousted President Francois Bozize . Rebels infiltrated the capital in March 2013 , sending Bozize fleeing to Cameroon . One of Seleka 's leaders , Michel Djotodia , then seized power , only to step down as president in January after failing to halt the escalating violence . Catherine Samba-Panza , the mayor of Bangui , was recently installed as the country 's interim President , but the situation remains volatile . To counter attacks on Christian communities by Seleka groups , vigilante Christian groups known as the anti-balaka , which translates to "  anti-machete , " have fought back . Witnesses told Human Rights Watch that anti-balaka fighters were behind the two attacks on Muslims in Guen , one on February 1 and the second four days later . One woman described seeing her husband being set upon with machetes as she fled with their 4-year-old son . And the father of 10-year-old Oumarou Bouba told Human Rights Watch that the militia did not spare his son despite his young age . "  I took my son when the anti-balaka attacked , " he said . "  As we were running away , he was shot by the anti-balaka . He was shot in the right leg , and he fell down , but they finished him off with a machete . I had no choice but to run on . I had been shot too . I later went to see his body , and he had been struck in his head and in the neck . " Human Rights Watch called for Samba-Panza 's interim government to investigate the killings and hold those responsible to account . It also called for the international community to hasten the authorization and deployment of a U.N. peacekeeping force in order to protect vulnerable people in remote areas . "  These horrendous killings show that the French and AU peacekeeping deployment is not protecting villages from these deadly attacks , " said Lewis Mudge , Africa researcher for Human Rights Watch . "  The Security Council should n't waste another minute in authorizing a United Nations peacekeeping mission with the troops and capacity to protect the country 's vulnerable people . " On Tuesday , the European Union announced a military operation to help restore stability to the Central African Republic . It will focus on securing the country 's capital , Bangui , and its airport , "  with a view to handing over to a U.N. peacekeeping operation or to African partners , " a statement said . France , the former colonial power in the Central African Republic , deployed 1,600 personnel there to support African Union troops in December after a U.N. Security Council vote authorizing military intervention . Last year 's coup was the latest in a series since the country gained independence in 1960 . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Survivors tell of a massacre of Muslim men and boys in a remote village , rights group says Another massacre carried out days later by Muslim fighters , Human Rights Watch says The group calls for a U.N. peacekeeping force to protect vulnerable rural communities Spiraling ethnic violence in the Central African Republic has led to fears of genocide
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Banana producer Chiquita will pay a $ 25 million fine and serve five years ' probation for once paying millions of dollars to groups in Colombia considered by the U.S. to be terrorist organizations , a Department of Justice spokesman said Tuesday . A worker at a banana plantation in Santa Maria , Colombia , in December 2000 . In so doing , the banana producer avoided prosecution for the company 's now-defunct payoff of Colombian terrorists protecting its most profitable banana-growing operation , according to terms of a plea agreement with the U.S. Justice Department . If approved by U.S. courts , the $ 25 million fine would represent the largest U.S. criminal penalty ever imposed under federal global terrorism sanction regulations , said Justice spokesman Dean Boyd . The regulations prohibit transactions with people who commit , threaten to commit or support U.S.-designated terrorists and establish penalties for doing so . Attorneys from the Justice Department 's National Security Division and federal prosecutors for the District of Columbia filed a joint sentencing motion Tuesday asking the court to accept the plea agreement , which was reached March 19 , Boyd said . A hearing on the matter is set for Monday . In its motion , the government asked that Chiquita Brands International be fined and sentenced to probation , as well as being required to implement an effective ethics program in connection with the company 's guilty plea , Boyd said . Federal prosecutors accused the Cincinnati-based company of paying more than $ 1.7 million to the United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia , a right-wing paramilitary group , in two parts of Colombia where the company grew bananas . The payments to the group , known as the AUC , went through the company 's Colombian subsidiary , Banadex , from 1997 to 2004 , according to court documents filed in the case . Court papers also say Chiquita paid Colombia 's two leftist guerrilla groups , the FARC  Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia  and ELN  National Liberation Army  from about 1989 to 1997 . At the time , according to court documents , those groups controlled areas where the company grew bananas . The AUC , FARC and ELN are all combatants in Colombia 's decade-long civil war , and all have been designated as terrorist organizations by the United States . In a written statement issued in March , Chiquita Brands International CEO Fernando Aguirre said the company viewed the plea agreement "  as a reasoned solution to the dilemma the company faced several years ago . " The company voluntarily disclosed the payments to the Justice Department in 2003 , he said , adding the payments were made "  to protect the lives of its employees . " Court documents said the company began making the payments after a Banadex general manager met with the then-leader of the AUC , Carlos Castano . Castano told the manager that the AUC was preparing to drive FARC from Colombia 's Uraba region and asked for payments to be made to the AUC through private security companies . "  Castano sent an unspoken but clear message that failure to make the payments could result in physical harm to Banadex personnel and property , " court documents said . Charges filed in the case said senior company executives knew about the payments to the AUC and , while checks were written to the security companies , the companies provided no actual services . In 2002 , after the U.S. government designated the AUC as a terrorist organization , Chiquita began paying the organization in cash , according to court documents , and continued the payments even after being told by outside counsel that the payments were illegal and should be stopped . In the motion filed Tuesday , federal prosecutors noted Chiquita 's cooperation in the investigation and its voluntary disclosure of its illegal activity , Boyd said . While the government considered filing additional charges in the matter , it decided not to "  after an extensive investigation and after considering critical evidence and information that Chiquita provided through its post-plea cooperation , " he said . Chiquita sold Banadex to another company more than two years ago but remains one of the largest purchasers of bananas in Colombia . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	Chiquita to pay $ 25M fine , serve probation , Justice Department says Plea agreement avoids prosecution of the banana producer Court papers : Chiquita paid groups that controlled lands where bananas grew
CNN  -- In the beginning , one might have considered it bold -- even inventive -- to oppose every single thing President Obama supported . But it quickly became tiresome and predictable over the last five years . And now , as House Republicans weigh a resolution to sue President Obama for not quickly enough implementing a law the same Republicans voted more than 50 times to repeal or stall , all hell has broken loose . Republicans are just being obnoxious now . And dangerous . And nuts . On Wednesday , the House Rules Committee will debate a draft resolution to file a lawsuit against President Obama , wasting taxpayer dollars in what is plainly a political stunt . Their complaint ? That President Obama did not implement the employer mandate in Obamacare quickly enough . That 's right , that same employer mandate Republicans have berated Obama for , the one in the health care reform law they 've voted 54  failed  times to try to repeal or delay or stall -- the law , incidentally , that 's working -- House Republicans are now using taxpayer money to sue President Obama for not implementing it quickly enough . Yeah . Meanwhile , at least Republicans are n't going full-political-stunt and impeaching President Obama ... yet . Sarah Palin has thrown her constitutional-scholar-like support behind the idea . Though as Attorney General Eric Holder said of Palin this weekend : "  She was n't a particularly good vice presidential candidate . She 's an even worse judge of who ought to be impeached and why . " Republicans bash President Obama for issuing executive orders . But why should facts like the Constitution or how every president in history has used executive orders , and in most cases more than President Obama , stand in the way of a good partisan line of attack , let alone a political stunt ? Facts and proportionality certainly have n't been a barrier for Republicans so far . For instance , also within the last week , conservative talk radio host Ben Shapiro said on Fox News that the Obama White House is a "  borderline Jew-hating administration . " Republicans had long criticized the President as anti-Israel . For instance , the Romney campaign ran a commercial criticizing Obama for not visiting Israel during the first three-and-a-half years of his presidency , and conservative pundit Mark Levin accused President Obama of "  hating Israel . " But suggesting the White House and by , er , obvious implication President Obama , hates Jews is a whole new level of accusation . It 's also a whole new level of crazy neglect of basic facts . President Obama has increased security assistance to Israel every single year since taking office and Obama personally championed providing an additional $ 275 million over its standard foreign military financing aid in order to fund the construction of the so-called "  Iron Dome " defense system . " But facts , schmacts . Republican smears against Obama are even more impervious than the Iron Dome . No logic or reason can pierce their facade of BS . Witness Texas Republican Sen. John Cornyn , who last week called President Obama "  tone deaf " for not visiting the border during his trip to Texas . Texas Gov. Rick Perry also dinged the President along these lines : "  The President needs to come to the border , to see it himself . " For his part , President Obama said , "  I 'm not interested in photo ops , I 'm interested in solving a problem . " Which sounds almost like Obama is quoting Cornyn and Perry ... back in 2011 . Then , when pressing Congress to pass immigration reform , President Obama went to the border and ... Republicans criticized him for doing so . "  What Sen. Cornyn is looking for , President Obama can not deliver with another speech or photo op , and that 's presidential leadership . Words matter little when there is no action , " a Cornyn spokesperson said at the time . Similarly , in 2011 , Perry criticized Obama 's trip to the border , "  I was very disheartened when the President came into El Paso a couple of weeks ago  and  had a photo-op . " In case you 're not good at math , that 's Republicans criticizing President Obama for doing something and then -- just three years later -- criticizing him for not doing the same thing . Try as you might , there 's just no way to rationalize the difference . Republicans damn President Obama he does it and damned if he does n't . But if you still believe in facts , here 's something for you : Republicans crashed our nation 's economy with their astronomical tax cuts , lax oversight of business and unfunded wars . But instead of facing the truth and re-examining how their policies systematically harm our nation , Republicans just attack and blame President Obama . They simply do n't know what else to do . That 's not so say President Obama never does anything wrong or does n't sometimes deserve blame . Of course he does and we should have political checks and balances . But while blaming and condemning President Obama has been Republicans ' sole strategy since the moment he was elected , they 've taken that crazy irresponsibility to the next level -- including suing the President of the United States of America for doing his job and carefully implementing laws , even the ones Republicans hate . That 's what all presidents do . Meanwhile , Congress is supposed to work with the President and pass laws . Republicans are the ones who are n't doing their jobs . They 're too busy spending our money on their partisan revenge stunts and inventing new outlandish attacks against Obama to distract the American people from the giant mess the Republican Party has caused -- and not only are they not doing anything to fix it , they have no solutions . The more irrational and hypocritical the Republican attacks get , the more they 're desperately trying to hide this simple truth .	Sally Kohn : House GOP try to sue President for not implementing a law they fought Kohn : GOP does not let facts stand in the way of irrational partisan attacks Kohn : Republicans ' sole strategy since Obama was elected was to smear him She says GOP not doing its job : Too busy spending our money on revenge stunts
CNN  -- The election victory of Massachusetts Sen.-elect Scott Brown is expected to be certified Thursday , which could allow him to be sworn in as early as Thursday afternoon to replace the late Sen. Ted Kennedy . Brown 's win stripped Democrats of their 60-seat , filibuster-proof majority in the U.S. Senate and raised fears among many congressional Democrats about a potential GOP landslide in November 's midterm elections . Brian McNiff , spokesman for Massachusetts ' secretary of state , said the final election returns from last month 's special election were delivered to the governor 's office Wednesday . Brown had asked for immediate certification . In a letter to Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick and Secretary of State William Galvin , Brown 's attorney says the Republican senator-elect had planned on being sworn in on February 11 , but he has been told that several Senate votes will be held before then . "  For this reason , he wants certification to occur immediately , " attorney Daniel Winslow wrote .	Victory of Massachusetts senator-elect is expected to be certified Thursday He could be sworn in Thursday afternoon to replace late Sen. Ted Kennedy Final returns from special election delivered to governor 's office Wednesday
CNN  -- The victims and heirs of U.S. experiments involving sexually transmitted diseases and human subjects in Guatemala between 1946 and 1948 will appeal following the dismissal of their lawsuit against the U.S. government . U.S. rejects Guatemalans ' STD lawsuit , offers aid U.S. District Judge Reggie Walton ruled this week that the Guatemalans could not sue the United States for grievances that happened overseas . The judge also dismissed claims against current Obama Administration health officials , including Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , because they were not personally involved in the experiments . The studies on unknowing Guatemalan subjects "  is a deeply troubling chapter in our nation 's history , " Walton wrote in his decision . But , he said , under federal law , the court can not do anything for them . "  Their plea are more appropriately directed to the political branches of our government , who , if they choose , have the ability to grant some modicum of relief to those affected by the Guatemalan study , " the decision states . The United States has apologized for the study , and President Barack Obama asked the Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues to look into the details of the research and to assure him that current rules protect people from unethical treatment . The controversy centers on the U.S. Public Health Service Sexually Transmitted Disease Inoculation Study of 1946-1948 , which was conducted to determine the effectiveness of penicillin in treating or preventing syphilis after subjects were exposed to the disease . Gonorrhea and chancres were also studied . Penicillin was a relatively new drug at the time . Researchers infected Guatemalans with STDs , commission affirms The tests were carried out on female commercial sex workers , prisoners in the national penitentiary , patients in the national mental hospital and soldiers . According to the study , more than 1,600 people were infected : 696 with syphilis , 772 with gonorrhea and 142 with chancres . The lawsuit filed by the Guatemalan victims and their heirs compared the project to the Tuskegee syphilis experiment in Alabama . "  Naturally , we are disappointed by the decision and strongly disagree that these doctrines of immunity apply under the extreme circumstances of this case , " said Terrence Collingsworth , attorney for the plaintiffs , in a statement . "  We plan to appeal and will continue to seek justice for the victims of these atrocious human rights violations committed by the U.S. Government . " The government successfully argued that because the harm was suffered in a foreign country , and because the Guatemalans have not exhausted other administrative solutions , the United States has sovereign immunity under the Federal Tort Claims Act ,	A judge dismissed a lawsuit against the U.S. government A group of Guatemalans sued because of STD experiments carried out on human subjects The government successfully argued it was immune because it happened abroad
Oprah.com  -- As a trained chef , restaurant owner , healthy-cookbook author , and confirmed food lover , I absolutely refuse to let the word diet hijack my life -- and I do n't think you should , either . Smart eating is not about settling for less ; it 's about heaping more good stuff on your plate . Three-grain pilaf is a both mouth-watering dish and a contains a dose of healthy carbs . Let 's change just one health habit a week -- shopping , cooking , and eating to meet that goal -- for four weeks ? After a month of making basic grains , fruit , and vegetables into staples using my recipes , you 'll find it much easier to plan delicious , satisfying meals . Try Laura Pensiero 's four-week approach to transforming your eating habits ! Week One : Make a produce-aisle hit list Eating more fruits and vegetables is one of the most important dietary habits you can adopt to prevent heart disease , cancer , diabetes , and hypertension and to manage your weight . Vegetables in particular will cost you little in the way of calories while offering huge health benefits . Your weekly goal is to eat five to nine servings of fruits and veggies a day . That 's not as challenging as it may seem . The serving sizes are reasonable one medium-size fruit , a half cup of cooked vegetables , three-quarters of a cup of 100-percent juice , one cup of raw leafy vegetables , a quarter cup of dried fruit . Mix fruit into your breakfast cereal , add lettuce and tomato to your sandwich  with a side of a vegetable-based soup  , eat a piece of fruit in the afternoon and a vegetable side at dinner , and you 've taken care of at least five servings . Before shopping , write down the names of five richly colored vegetables and fruits that you really like , then add to the list two that you 're curious about and are willing to try . Week Two : Defy your white flour urge Until recently , it seemed that only nutritionists  and cereal box labels  used the words whole grain . Now delicious whole grain soups , desserts , and breads -- bursting with color , texture and flavor -- have become popular . It 's also widely known that they have the power to deliver key antioxidants . Your weekly goal is to make sure that half of your grain servings per day  three to five one-ounce servings  are whole grains such as wild rice , brown rice , barley , bulgur , corn  polenta  , faro , quinoa , wheat berries , or whole wheat couscous . Whole grain foods are not refined , which means they contain all three parts of the grain , including the two lost in the refining process -- the outer layer , bran , which provides fiber , B vitamins , and antioxidants ; and the germ , the nutrient-packed inner portion , containing protein , vitamins , minerals , and antioxidants . The endosperm , the starchy part of the grain left in refined products such as white flour , contains some protein and lots of carbs but few nutrients . Look for the word whole on the ingredient list , followed by the name of the grain . Research shows that adding even a moderate amount of whole grain to your diet every day -- whole grain cereal topped with fruit for breakfast , toasty multigrain bread at lunch , and a pilaf or grain salad for dinner -- significantly reduces the risk of heart disease , type 2 diabetes , and digestive system and hormone-related cancers . Week Three : Get the perks of dairy -- without all the fat This week , add some reduced-fat dairy , which will cream up your cooking and get healthy calcium into your diet  approximately 75 percent of adult Americans do n't get the recommended daily allowance  . Studies show not only that calcium helps prevent osteoporosis but that getting enough calcium each day  1,000 milligrams from ages 19 to 50 and 1,200 milligrams after age 50  , along with adequate vitamin D  200 IU ; 400 IU after age 50  , helps control weight , lowers blood pressure , and may prevent certain types of cancer . Your goal is to eat three to four servings a day of low-fat cheeses , yogurt , and 1 percent or skim milk ; the calcium in dairy products is the most readily absorbed by your body . If you 're lactose intolerant , fortified soy products -- particularly those with calcium malate -- are a fine substitute in cooking and often contain similar amounts of protein , vitamin D , and calcium . I do not recommend fat-free dairy products , particularly cheese ; instead of getting creamy , bubbly , and brown in recipes , it can turn rubbery and tasteless . Week Four : Get protein In the past three weeks , you have learned how vegetables , fruit , whole grains , and low-fat dairy can help you fill your plate with quality nutrients that do n't pack a lot of calories . Now it 's time to address protein . Getting enough is not something most of us need to worry about , but selecting well is . Your goal is to eat five to six ounces of lean and healthy protein a day . Eat it all in one meal  most restaurant servings of protein are at least five ounces  , or eat smaller portions throughout the day . I often tell clients to divide their plate into quarters : Three quarters should be filled with whole grains and vegetables ; one quarter should be a serving of protein -- such as shrimp , fish , chicken , beans , tofu , lean cuts of beef , or pork -- about the size of a deck of cards . Poultry and meat can take little time to cook  grilling and searing in a hot , nonstick pan  or a lot of hands-off time  braising and stewing until they are fork-tender and flavorful  . Some high-protein foods are rich in protective nutrients , such as the omega-3 fatty acids found in walnuts and fish like wild salmon . Use nuts as a garnish to add flavor , texture , and toastiness to salad , or eat a small handful as a snack . Beans are a near-perfect food -- high in protein , fiber , B vitamins , iron , calcium , and magnesium , and very low in fat . Puree them into dips and spreads , or add them to salads , soups , stews , and casseroles for extra protein oomph . E-mail to a friend Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Chef Laura Pensiero : Do n't let diet hijack your life Ease good and healthy food on to your menu Getting enough fruits , vegetables is most important step Add low-fat cheese and milk to diet
CNN  From Denali to Mount Rainier to Mount Washington , the U.S. is full of majestic , towering peaks that have long challenged people to climb them . This story is not about those . This story is about humbler summits -- some of them are n't even hills -- that beckon hikers in largely flat , low-lying parts of the country . They have modest names like Charles Mound and Hoosier Hill , and you can climb some of them in your slippers without breaking a sweat . Why would you ? Well , these summits are all notable for one thing : They 're the highest points in their states . And a certain variety of mountaineer -- peak baggers , they 're called -- will seek them out just for that reason . "  If you 're a true peak bagger ... if that 's your mindset , then getting a state high point is a worthy goal , " said Greg Slayden , who runs Peakbagger.com , a mountaineering site . "  Whether it 's Denali  the Alaska peak known officially as Mount McKinley  or the Florida high point , they all count equally the same . " Well , maybe not exactly . Denali is 20,320 feet high and requires weeks of planning to summit . Britton Hill , in Florida 's Panhandle , is a short stroll from your car . But if you want to climb all 50 state high points , as Slayden has done , you need to bag the baby peaks along with the big ones . Consider Driskill Mountain -- a misnomer for sure -- a wooded bump in northern Louisiana that 's a short scramble from a church parking lot . Or Iowa 's Hawkeye Point , which sits on the flatlands of a former farm that is barely higher than the surrounding prairie . Mount Hood it ai n't . "  There are a lot of states where the actual high point is less than a 10-minute walk from your car , " Slayden said . Perhaps the least rugged of them all is 442-foot high Ebright Azimuth , basically just a monument sign beside a road in suburban Wilmington , Delaware . A woman lives in a house across the street and sometimes greets visiting "  hikers . " Slayden , whose website keeps records of this stuff , estimates that fewer than 300 people have summited all 50 U.S. high points . But while all the highest and most challenging peaks are in Western states , Slayden has a soft spot for many of the little ones in the Midwest and coastal states of the South . "  If you 're into travel and exploring nooks and crannies of the country , it 's always fun to go to places you 've never been before , " he said . "  Sure , there may not be a lot to the actual hike . But the overall experience is definitely worthwhile . "	Some "  peak baggers " try to summit the highest point in all 50 U.S. states In states like Delaware and Florida , the high points are n't even hills Expert : In many states , the actual high point "  is less than a 10-minute walk from your car "
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- Police in Brazil have arrested a third person in connection with the rape of an American woman on a minibus in Rio de Janeiro . Carlos Armando Costa dos Santos was arrested Monday night , police said . The woman boarded the minibus with another tourist in the Copacabana beach district in Rio de Janeiro early Saturday . Three men subsequently boarded the minibus and forced off all the other passengers , police said . The woman was raped , and the other tourist , a man , was held captive and robbed , authorities said . Their credit cards were used at multiple locations inside and outside of Rio de Janeiro over a span of hours , the police said in a statement . According to Brazilian newspapers , the man was handcuffed and beaten , while the woman was repeatedly raped . The two were dumped in Itaborai , a city more than 30 miles  about 50 kilometers  away , after six hours , O Globo newspaper said . Earlier , police arrested two men , both in their early 20s . They are Jonathan Foudakis de Souza and Wallace Aparecido Souza Silva . The U.S. Consulate is in contact with the victim and is providing all appropriate consular assistance , said a State Department official , who did not want to be identified because he was not authorized to talk about the case The rape highlights security concerns in the Brazilian city that will host matches in the 2014 World Cup and will put on the Summer Olympics two years later . ' As more women come forward saying they were victims of similar attacks , Rio de Janeiro 's Civil Police Chief Martha Rocha issued a written apology . She also fired two police officers responsible for handling rape cases . Rio has gone a long way toward cleaning up its image as one of Latin America 's most violent cities . But Brazilian media already are drawing parallels between this attack and the infamous gang rape of a young woman on a bus in India .	A foreign tourist is kidnapped , raped and robbed on a minibus A male passenger on the minibus also is held captive and robbed The incident highlights security concerns in Rio before upcoming high-profile events
Cairo  CNN  ISIS has a new residency in Egypt , according to a YouTube message posted Sunday . In the audio message , the Sinai-based militant group Ansar Beit al-Maqdis , or ABM , allegedly announces its allegiance to ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State . The roughly 10-minute clip blames tyrants and their "  Jewish agents and their allies " for decades of Muslim suffering . The message also calls ISIS "  the emergence of a new dawn . " If verified , this would be a new , dangerous chapter for the deadliest group in Egypt . Since 2012 , ABM 's attacks have grown more daring and sophisticated . The group has killed hundreds of Egyptian police officers and soldiers . The largest attack was last month in the Sinai Peninsula , killing at least 31 soldiers . Analysts put the group 's numbers at from the hundreds to roughly a thousand . While ABM 's attacks , until now , have almost exclusively targeted the Egyptian government , there is growing fear that an association with ISIS could expand the threat to civilian and tourist sites . Egyptian security forces have been aggressively battling ABM since the overthrow of President Mohamed Morsy in 2013 . Numerous checkpoints dot northern Sinai to prevent the movement of weapons and fighters . The threat to security forces operating in this area is so severe that at times , a shoot-on-sight curfew goes into effect between Arish , the largest city in northern Sinai , and the Rafah border crossing with Gaza , according to security officials . After October 's attack , the government authorized a three-month curfew for the northern part of the peninsula . Officials in Egypt blame Hamas in Gaza for aiding the militant group , an accusation Hamas denies . Recently , the government relocated more than a thousand families away from the border in a move to eliminate cover for any tunnels between Egypt and Gaza and to create a buffer zone . AMB initially gained a foothold by exploiting the long-entrenched mistrust between local Bedouins and Egyptian authorities . The state of fear created by ABM eventually started to alienate many of northern Sinai 's residents . ABM lost support after assassinating Bedouin leaders who disagreed with their practices and beheading men accused of being informants . Before ISIS ' rise to power , ABM was often associated with al Qaeda . Similar messages on social media proclaimed the group 's allegiance to al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri , only later to be denied by the militant group . In an article in Atlantic Council by Zack Gold , he said there "  appears to be an internal tussle in ABM over support for these international organizations . " He also argued that if the militant group associates itself with ISIS or al Qaeda then it would lose its status as a "  local hero " and become a "  foreign agent . " Association with ISIS could also further damage ABM 's image with most Egyptians . Egypt relies heavily on tourism and any organization that threatens this source of income risks loss of support . Egyptian State website Ahram Online published an article that reported ABM denied any allegiance to ISIS . U.S. State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki said the department will assess the issue . CNN has not been able to independently verify the authenticity of the audio message .	Ansar Beit al-Maqdis allegedly posts message on YouTube In the message , group pledges allegiance to ISIS If true , this would be a new chapter for the deadliest group in Egypt
CNN  -- Wendy Williams knows that her syndicated television show often provides fodder for jokes on E! 's "  The Soup . " She 's more than all right with that . Wendy Williams is hoping to attract a broad audience for her daytime talk show . "  I love it , " she said , letting out a throaty laugh . Williams is not at all bothered if people poke fun , because at least they are talking about her new show . Long known to her radio fans for her outspoken nature and sometimes controversial interviews with celebrities , she is now navigating the switch from radio to television with "  The Wendy Williams Show . " Williams ' mix of celeb guests , "  Hot Topics " and straight-forward advice to audience members led Entertainment Weekly 's critic-at-large Ken Tucker to headline a recent blog item "  Are you watching ` The Wendy Williams Show ' ? You should be . " The talk show host said she is settling comfortably into her new role . "  The radio was wonderful , and for 23 wonderful years , the radio served me , and I served it , " said Williams , who is scheduled to be inducted into the National Radio Hall of Fame this fall . "  The transition for me seems very natural and very easy . " Her career has not always been so . A self-described "  Jersey girl , " Williams was reportedly dumped from New York 's Hot 97 radio station in 1998 after a run-in with a fellow on-air personality . She eventually found success with a syndicated radio show , "  The Wendy Williams Experience , " which aired on WBLS in New York . In 2008 , she and her radio show made news after a talent booker accused Williams ' husband/manager , Kevin Hunter , of sexual harassment , accusations Williams has dismissed as false in earlier interviews . Williams has also had several high-profile feuds with celebrities , notably Whitney Houston , who have been less than enthusiastic about her dishy gossip style and what they perceived as prying questions . In a 2003 interview with Houston , she tangled on-air with the singer about Houston 's drug use in an exchange that resulted in Houston delivering an expletive-laced diatribe . But while Williams still asks the questions many fans want to know  and retains her catchphrase , "  How you doin ' ? "  , she said , her television show is different . "  It 's more polished , " she said . "  Four hours on the radio versus one hour on TV -- that means you that you have to have five words instead of 35 words to explain what you are talking about . " That does n't stop her from sharing everything from her love of wigs to information about her breast implants -- without which , she recently told viewers , she was "  naturally a long , floppy A -LSB- cup -RSB- . " Rob Dauber , executive producer of the show , said daytime television needs Williams ' bluntness . "  Wendy Williams has a really unique , honest personality who audiences really relate to , " he said . "  The daytime viewer , I think , is hungry for a personality who is not afraid to speak the truth , to tell her own truth and to kind of let it all hang out . "  Wendy 's not hiding anything from anybody about herself , and she 's not afraid to show all of her faults . " During a recent phone interview , Williams , mother of a 9-year old boy , chatted easily while trying to get clothes in the washing machine and dinner on the table for her family . "  After the show , it 's real life , " she said . "  Last night was parent night at school , and I forgot to include the box of tissues , pens that erase and a few other things , " Williams said . "  No one said anything about it , but I went back in his folder and looked and immediately started sweating and feeling inadequate . " She thinks daytime television fans can relate to her , because ultimately she is a fan , too . She rattles off countless shows she enjoys including "  Ellen , " "  Oprah , " "  Judge Judy " and "  Dr. Oz . " Williams said she aspires to attract higher-profile guests on her talk show and hopes the audience will give her time to find her stride . "  I know that the show is messy , because I 'm messy , " she said . "  But I have a staff of very talented people working with me . " She said she is grateful for her radio audience but hopes to branch out to more fans via television -- including men . She said she often observes them at her show , clearly annoyed that they have been dragged there by women . "  I see their faces dragging long when I first come out , and somewhere around the end of ` Hot Topics , ' they are roaring with laughter , " she said . "  At the end of the day , I just want people to laugh and have a good time . "	Wendy Williams has made the transition from radio to daytime television Former radio personality now hosts "  The Wendy Williams Show " She says she hopes the audience gives the show a chance Williams : "  I just want people to laugh and have a good time "
CNN  -- Just steps away from the courthouse where a jury decided George Zimmerman 's fate , demonstrators vowed that their fight was n't over . "  Nationwide protest to demand justice , " they chanted after the jury 's not guilty verdict in Sanford , Florida , cleared Zimmerman in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin . It was n't long before some appeared to be heeding their call . Protesters rallied in Los Angeles , San Francisco , Chicago , Denver , Baltimore , Detroit , New York and other cities . "  I came here today to stand in solidarity with Trayvon Martin 's family , and everyone else searching for justice for him , and wanting to bring Zimmerman to justice , " said Kellie Knight . She spoke at a protest at Union Square in New York City . Catch up on the Zimmerman saga in one story "  If it can happen to her son , it can happen to anybody 's son or daughter , " she said . Later , a crowd converged on Times Square , chanting : "  This is what democracy looks like . " The verdict in the closely watched trial echoed far beyond the central Florida city 's borders in a case that drew national attention and has been racially charged from the start . "  Only white life is protected in America , " one protester in Washington shouted early Sunday . A crowd lined up outside the White House and sang "  Amazing Grace . " Others chanted "  No justice , no peace " and "  Trayvon was murdered " as they marched , freelance photographer Michael Kandel told CNN 's iReport . The atmosphere was tense as demonstrators demanded that the government investigate further , Kandel said . "  They believe that this is a civil rights issue that must become the topic of a national conversation in the coming days , " he said . "  They did not believe justice had been served and were pleading for it . " In Dallas , protesters waved signs that said , "  Justice system is a joke , " CNN affiliate WFAA reported . Some demonstrators in Denver , Baltimore and Detroit wore hooded sweatshirts like the one Martin wore when he was killed . In Chicago 's Daley Plaza , protesters vowed to use technology to push for change . "  It 's the 21st century . We 've got Twitter . We 've got Instagram . We 've got Facebook , we 've got all these things that our elders did not have , " one woman told the crowd . "  We have resources . " Verdict does n't end debate in Martin 's death Pushing for peace President Barack Obama called Sunday for "  calm reflection , " acknowledging the Zimmerman case has stirs strong emotions . "  And in the wake of the verdict , I know those passions may be running even higher , " he said . "  I now ask every American to respect the call for calm reflection from two parents who lost their young son . And as we do , we should ask ourselves if we 're doing all we can to widen the circle of compassion and understanding in our own communities . "  We should ask ourselves if we 're doing all we can to stem the tide of gun violence that claims too many lives across this country on a daily basis , " Obama said . Most protests have been peaceful , though there were some reports of property damage at a protest in Oakland , California . "  I think we should , frankly , right now be celebrating the fact that we 've seen a generation of young people respond by using our system , raising their voices , but not using their fists , " NAACP President Benjamin Jealous told CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday . Analysis : The race factor in Zimmerman 's trial The Rev. Jesse Jackson called for protests to continue , and to remain peaceful . "  There will be protests , but they must be carried out with dignity and discipline , " he told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  Let no act discredit the legacy of Trayvon Martin . In the long run , we will prevail in the struggle for justice . Any act of violence could serve to undermine the innocent blood and moral authority of Trayvon . What will happen if there , in fact , are riots , it gives sympathy to Zimmerman , and discredits Trayvon . Trayvon deserves sympathy . Zimmerman and his school of thought does not . " Zimmerman , his family and their supporters have denied allegations of racism and argued that civil rights groups are being incendiary without facts to back up their claims . "  We have a verdict . I think we should really take a step back , respect that verdict , respect those six women -- an all-women jury , who had to make a really tough call and had to look at this outside all the emotions that were stirred up , and all of the racial innuendo that was stirred up , and just kind of look at the facts , " Zimmerman 's brother , Robert Zimmerman Jr. , told CNN on Sunday morning . "  And the facts spoke for themselves . " Some applauded the jury for siding with the neighborhood watch volunteer 's claims that he shot the teen in self-defense . Others said prosecutors failed to prove their case beyond a reasonable doubt . Some said the trial was a referendum on race that confirmed what they knew all along . "  That 's our society , " Terri Weems said as she headed into church in Washington on Sunday morning . "  We expected not to be given justice . We have n't been dealt justice all this time . ... It 's very disheartening . " Zimmerman could still be held responsible for Martin 's death Reactions from the pulpit In churches around the country , the trial was a hot topic on Sunday . Donna Holmes-Lockett , who was also heading into church in Washington , said she was surprised by the verdict . Zimmerman should have been punished for the shooting , she said . "  As a mother of black males , I have three sons , it makes me nervous about the reaction of the public toward the situations . I felt like he should have got some kind of , something . He 's just walking away free . He did shoot him . It 's like it 's OK , " she said . "  I think if it was a black crime on a black person , it would have been a different outcome . " At Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta , the pastor called for all parishioners under 18 years old to step forward in a tribute to Martin . "  The world needs your voice . Do n't let anybody tell you that you 're a nobody . We love you and we 're counting on you , " he told them . Why this verdict ? "  Nobody gets nervous seeing you talk bad and look bad . If you really want to strike fear in the hearts of your adversaries , if you really want to be a real threat , make sure God is in your heart  and  knowledge is in your head . " At churches with close ties to the case , Sunday was a time to reflect and pray . "  We 're leaning in and depending on you this morning , oh God , for all of our help , " a man said from the pulpit at the Allen Chapel AME Church in Sanford , where a town hall meeting was held after the shooting . "  We 're not depending on the Sanford Police Department . We 're not depending on Seminole County Sheriff . We 're not depending on the courts of Seminole County , Florida . " Several members of Martin 's family attended services at Antioch Missionary Baptist Church in Opa-locka , Florida . "  We 're very concerned , very hurt and very disappointed at this point , but we know in the end God will prevail and justice will be served , " said Roberta Felton , a cousin . While the Martin family grieves , Pastor Arthur Jackson III said , the community must prepare to take action . "  I believe this situation has not paralyzed us , has not traumatized us , but is mobilizing us , " he said . "  It has been a call to rally at the polls , to vote ... to change these unjust laws . " Trayvon 's dad : My heart is broken , my faith is not CNN 's Victor Blackwell , Nick Valencia , Jonathan Helman , Jareen Imam , John Zarrella , Jennifer Hauser , Emanuella Grinberg and Alicia Stewart contributed to this report .	NEW : Protesters rally in New York , Denver , Baltimore and Detroit NEW : "  If it can happen to her son , it can happen to anybody 's son or daughter , " says one Obama urges "  calm reflection , " asks Americans to reflect on toll of gun violence Leaders call for protests to remain peaceful , push for change
CNN  -- The Christmas Eve attacks in the volatile Nigerian city of Jos have claimed at least 31 lives , a bloody aftermath in a region long torn by Christian and Muslim hostility . Gyang Choji , a special adviser to the governor of the west African country 's Plateau state , confirmed the death toll on Saturday , and said 74 others were wounded . Most of the injured have serious wounds , and some of them suffered leg amputations . Seven blasts rippled through the city as residents celebrated Chrismas Eve , four in the Kabong area and three in Angwa Rubuka . Choji cited a "  lapse in security " by a special task force not "  doing what they were expected to do . " "  Five different bombs blasts in the heart of Jos. This is the height of insecurity in this city , " Choji said . Most of the injured have serious wounds ; some of them got both legs amputated and the authorities are concerned about their conditions . Choji said no one has claimed responsibility but Islamic fundamentalists are suspected of carrying out the attacks . "  For long , they have been threatening to use violence against Christians and free the region from the shackles of Western imperialism , " Choji said . The Jos region lies on a faith-based fault line between Muslim-dominated northern Nigeria and the mainly Christian south . On March 7 , at least 200 Christians villagers were massacred near Jos , and more than 150 Muslims were killed in an attack in a nearby town , Kuru Karama , on January 19 . Hassan John , a Jos resident and journalist with the media department of the Anglican Diocese of Jos , described a scene of chaos in what was expected to be a joyous Christmas Eve . He had just come out of church about 7 p.m. , when he heard the sound of the first explosion . He rushed to the site , which he described as a beer parlor frequented by locals . "  By the time I got there , there were women crying , people screaming . It was all chaos , people were screaming , blood everywhere . " "  I counted eight corpses all over , seven in the building , " John said . A second blast went off within a couple of minutes after the first one . John said residents , especially young men , became agitated over the lack of security in what has been a volatile area . "  Soldiers fired a couple of rounds into the air because a riot was developing , " John said . Choji , who is special adviser on religious affairs to the governor , said it was unclear who set off the blasts or whether they were related . But the bombs detonated in the "  same manner , " Choji said , and they "  all went to where people were concentrated . " In recent weeks , the governor 's office had received letters purported to be from some Muslim organizations threatening attacks against Christians , Choji said . "  The security officials did n't take the threat letters seriously . They were thought of as gimmicks , and at the end of the day , they became reality . " A special task force sent to Plateau state by the federal government in the preceding two days had gone on radio telling residents to go about their business and not to worry about the security situation in the area , Choji said . The government had increased security and checkpoints throughout the past week , including additional patrols in various areas of Jos , Choji said . In Nigeria , Africa 's most populous nation , more than 13,500 people have died in religious or ethnic clashes since the end of military rule in 1999 , the Human Rights Watch said in a report earlier this year . There have been other deadly sectarian clashes in Nigeria over the years , including one outbreak in Jos in September 2001 that left about 1,000 dead , the Human Rights Watch said . CNN 's Mila Sanina , Giang Nguyen and Joe Sterling contributed to this report	Jos is on a faith-based fault line A Plateau state official cites a "  lapse in security " One witness called the scene "  all chaos "
CNN  -- Days after blocking a Gaza-bound flotilla , Greece 's government offered Sunday to ship aid to the Palestinian territory -- a move applauded by the U.N. chief but derided as insufficient by protest organizers and Palestinian authorities . Greece 's foreign ministry released a statement Sunday afternoon in which it proposed to "  undertake the task of transporting the humanitarian aid , with Greek vessels or other appropriate means , through existing channels . " That same day , Foreign Minister Stavros Lambrinidis talked by phone with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . The U.N. chief "  thanked " the Greek official and "  expressed support for the Greek initiative , " according to a statement from the United Nations . "  In his view , it could help to reduce tensions in the region and ensure much-needed aid is delivered to those who need it in Gaza , " the U.N. statement said of Ban 's views , adding the world body will "  work closely with Greece , Israel and Palestinian authorities on this matter . " However , one Palestinian official , chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat , said that funneling food , cement and other goods via other means , such as Greek ships , missed the point , which he said is to "  immediately lift , not ease " Israel 's maritime blockade of Gaza . He lauded those behind the flotilla as people "  who have dedicated their time , effort and passion for a just cause . " "  The situation in Gaza is not about border crossings , " Erakat said Sunday in a statement . "  It is about the illegally denied and internationally recognized rights of the Palestinian people to dignity , freedom and self-determination . " A spokeswoman for The Audacity of Hope , a U.S. ship full of activists  but no humanitarian aid  that was barred last week by Greek authorities from sailing to Gaza , said the Greek offer "  does n't really address the issue for us ,  which is  ending the naval blockade . " "  It 's all very well and good that there are some channels  for aid to Gaza  , " Leslie Cagan said . "  But that is not the same as lifting the siege of Gaza . " The vessel 's captain , John Klusmire , remained in Greek custody on Sunday , one day after being asked to report to a police station . A spokesperson with the Greek Coast Guard , who was not named per custom , said Klusmire , an American , was arrested because he left the mainland without permission and put passengers in danger . He will appear before Greek prosecutors on Tuesday . Jane Hirschmann , one of the flotilla organizers , called the arrest "  intimidation " aimed at likewise preventing the other nine boats in the flotilla from setting sail to Gaza . On Sunday , eight passengers from the U.S. ship began a hunger strike outside the U.S. Embassy in Athens , demanding their captain 's release and allowing the ship to set sail . The vessel -- which carried 36 American passengers , four crew members and several journalists , including CNN reporter Phil Black -- was intercepted last Friday by a Greek Coast Guard patrol vessel roughly 10 minutes after it had departed Perama . After an hours-long standoff , the ship eventually returned to Greece , where it is tied up at a Greek naval facility . The Audacity of Hope and the nine other ships are aiming to promote public awareness about Israel 's blockade of Gaza and , in part , to commemorate a May 2010 incident in which Israeli troops boarded Mavi Marmara , a Turkish ship filled with humanitarian aid and 700 activists from various countries . Nine people died in subsequent clashes with Israeli Navy commandos . Cagan said that while the American ship 's crew are frustrated they have n't been able to head to Gaza , there is some degree of satisfaction that their cause has drawn attention and provoked debate worldwide . "  People went to Athens and still would like to complete the mission , " said Cagan , who is in the United States but is in close contact with her fellow activists in Greece . "  At the same time , the feeling is very good that important work is being done that is shedding more light on the situation , with the whole blockade . " The Greek government has said it wo n't allow any of the boats in the flotilla to sail to Gaza because their mission is too dangerous . Flotilla members accuse the Greek government of buckling to pressure from Israel 's government . For their part , the Israelis have said they are mounting a diplomatic offensive to try to stop the flotilla from setting sail at all . On Tuesday , the Israeli government said flotilla participants had threatened to kill Israeli military personnel should their boats be boarded . They said that the participants were stockpiling sacks of sulfuric acid on boats to be used in the event of any attacks on Israeli commandos . Flotilla organizer Medea Benjamin dismissed the allegations Tuesday as ludicrous , saying : "  They see this nonviolent , ragtag group of ships as such a threat they 're using their entire propaganda apparatus , and their diplomatic and economic clout to try to stop 300 peace activists . It 's pathetic . " The Middle East Quartet -- composed of officials from the United States , United Nations , European Union and Russia -- on Saturday issued a joint statement asking "  all governments concerned to use their influence to discourage additional flotillas , which risk the safety of their participants and carry the potential for escalation . " The Quartet added in its statement that it "  strongly urges all those wishing to deliver goods to the people of Gaza to do so through established channels , so that their cargo can be inspected and transferred via established land crossings . " Doing so , the group contends , is the best way to both help Palestinians and address Israel 's "  legitimate security concerns . " On Sunday , Erakat said that while Palestinian leaders "  support international engagement in lifting the unjust and inhumane Israeli blockade , " the Quartet 's statement and their opposition to the planned flotilla to Gaza skirt the broader challenges in the region . "  We invite them to focus on resolving the root cause of the conflict , which is the occupation , rather than seeking ways to manage its destructive symptoms . " Erakat said of the Quartet . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	The Greek government offers to transport humanitarian aid to Gaza on its ships Its authorities have barred 10 ships full of activists from sailing to Gaza U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon welcomes the offer , saying "  it could help reduce tensions " But a Palestinian leader says this wo n't address what it calls an unfair blockade
CNN  -- Microsoft may be a relative newcomer to in-store retailing , but it 's getting the hang of this Black Friday thing . The computing giant , with 14 retail stores across the U.S. , is diving into the post-Thanksgiving shopping madness with a slew of substantial new discounts on laptops , phones , software , games and its Kinect gaming system for the Xbox 360 console . The sale begins online Friday at 12:01 a.m. PT , when most Microsoft stores will open , and lasts through Monday . Some of the deals are just available in stores , while others are offered only at Microsoft 's online store . Among them : -- Sony S137GX notebook : $ 599 , normally $ 999  online only -- Samsung RC512 laptop running Windows 7 : $ 499 , normally $ 799 -- Acer Iconia Dual-Screen Touchbook : $ 599 , normally $ 999 -- Xbox Ultimate Gaming Bundle , which includes accessories , a game and a 90-day Xbox Live membership : up to $ 200 off -- Kinect Sensor Holiday Bundle , which includes three games : $ 100 , normally $ 150  not available online -- A free Windows Phone with a two-year service agreement  the site does n't specify the carrier -- Office Home and Student suite of software : $ 120 , normally $ 150 Microsoft also is cutting prices -- in many cases by half -- on such recent popular Xbox games as "  Assassin 's Creed Revelations , " "  Battlefield 3 " and "  Madden 2012 . " See its Facebook page for an entire list . These discounts are much deeper than those announced Wednesday by rival Apple , which is trimming prices on iPads , iPods and Macs by less than 10 % .	Microsoft is offering Black Friday discounts on laptops , phones , games and Kinect Some deals are just available in stores ; others are offered only on Microsoft 's retail site Prices on some laptop models are slashed by $ 400
CNN  -- Millions of people around the world have taken part in ceremonies marking the 100th anniversary of the Scouting movement . Scouts renewed their promise to build a tolerant and peaceful society . Dawn celebrations involving 28 million young people took place across the globe , from Ecuador to Bhutan . In southern England , 40,000 young people from around the globe gathered to take part in the largest ever 12-day world Scout Jamboree . The island where the movement was born , Brownsea Island off the coast of England , has been the focus of celebrations , with 300 scouts from more than 160 countries attending a commemorative camp . It was on that site that Scouting founder Robert Baden-Powell held an experimental camp for 20 boys , following his experiences in the Army during the Boer War . The movement requests its members , boys and girls from the age of six , to uphold values such as trustworthiness , loyalty and to "  do their best " . Scouts from countries including the UK , Lebanon , Nepal , Rwanda , Serbia , Libya and Argentina , displayed their flags on the island , before taking part in a sunrise ceremony . In Romania , scouts formed a human chain around the Parliament building in the capital Bucharest to express how young people will play a role in the country 's future . In Namibia , Africa , around 1,000 scouts cooked breakfast over a camp fire , and groups from Malawi camped at the top of Mulanje mountain . The Taj Mahal in India , the Eiffel Tower in Paris and the Sydney Opera House in Australia also witnessed sunrise ceremonies . The small gathering at Brownsea Island led the rest of the globe in renewing their Scouting promise to build a tolerant and peaceful society . A speech written by Baden-Powell during the first scout camp was also read out to the group . It includes a call for peace , comradeship and cooperation over rivalry between "  classes , creeds and countries which have done so much in the past to produce wars and unrest " . Alistair , 16 , from Manchester , at the Brownsea Island ceremony , said : "  It has made me think how one man has changed the world . "  It is one world , one promise . We are all here as peace ambassadors . We are the next generation . We are the ones bringing peace forward into the world , " he told the Press Association . Ana Mejia , 14 , from Honduras , added : "  It does n't matter what our nationality , our religion , our color , we are a family and we have to support each other . Baden-Powell 's book "  Scouting for Boys " is the fourth biggest selling book in the world after the Bible , the Koran and Mao 's Little Red Book . E-mail to a friend	At least 28 million scouts across the world took part in sunrise ceremonies Scouts renewed their promise to build a tolerant and peaceful society Started by Robert Baden-Powell it upholds values such as trust and loyalty
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Environmental Protection Agency advised employees last month not to answer questions from journalists , the Government Accountability Office or the agency 's inspector general , according to an EPA e-mail made public Monday . California Sen. Barbara Boxer has said the EPA is becoming a "  secretive , dangerous ally of polluters . " "  Please do not respond to questions or make any statements , " the June 16 e-mail said , advising staff to direct questioners to senior staff members cleared to answer questions from outside the agency . Robbi Farrell , chief of staff of the EPA 's compliance assurance division , sent the e-mail to 11 managers in the department . The e-mail was posted on a Web site of the Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility . The group , an alliance of state and federal environmental professionals , labeled the communication a "  gag order . " "  The order reinforces a growing bunker mentality within an EPA that is the subject of a growing number of probes into political interference with agency operations , " the group said . EPA press director Roxanne Smith rejected that characterization , saying the e-mail was about efficiency , not secrecy . The memo was a response to a May 2007 audit by the Inspector General 's Office that found the EPA did not respond earlier to IG reports on problems with water enforcement and other issues , The Associated Press reported . The audit , however , did not make any recommendations governing communication between staff and the Inspector General 's Office . "  A senior staffer in the enforcement office sent out an e-mail to simply help her office efficiently respond to requests from the press , GAO and EPA 's inspector general , " Smith told CNN . "  There is nothing in the procedure that restricts conversation between enforcement staff , the press , GAO and the IG , " she said , adding it is "  consistent with existing agency polices . " Smith is one of the people to whom recipients of the memo were told to direct journalists ' questions . In a written statement , the EPA 's Office of Inspector General said it did not approve the language of Robbi 's warning and advised , "  All EPA officials and employees are required to cooperate " with the office . "  This cooperation includes providing the OIG full and unrestricted access to EPA documents , records , and personnel , " the statement read . "  We are currently engaged in discussions with OECA -LSB- Office of Enforcement and Compliance Assurance -RSB- to assure that OIG and OECA interpretations are consistent in this matter . " And Sen. Barbara Boxer , a California Democrat who has long battled with the agency 's administrator , Stephen Johnson , said the instructions showed that Johnson is "  turning the EPA into a secretive , dangerous ally of polluters , instead of a leader in the effort to protect the health and safety of the American people . " Last week , Johnson denied a request to appear before two Senate committees to talk about whether the EPA 's decisions comply with its staff 's legal and technical recommendations . The committee 's chairman , Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , has asked the inspector general 's office to assess the administration 's claims of executive privilege as it tries to keep documents related to EPA decisions from Congress . Boxer chairs the Senate Committee on the Environment and Public Works . She is expected to hold a news conference Tuesday to talk about what she calls "  political interference in recent EPA decisions " and discuss "  apparent contradictions between the sworn testimony " of Johnson and accounts given by other sworn witnesses .	EPA e-mail told employees not to answer questions from its own inspector 's office Workers also told not to talk to reporters or Government Accountability Office Watchdog group calls e-mail a "  gag order " ; EPA official says it 's not about secrecy Tuesday news conference to address whether EPA avoided giving public information
LONDON , England -- Britain 's Princess Eugenie has been reprimanded by her school after being caught frolicking naked on college grounds , it was reported Saturday . Princess Eugenie is sixth in line to the British throne . The 18-year-old daughter of Prince Andrew , Duke of York , and Sarah Ferguson , was apprehended for her involvement in end of term "  high jinks " at the exclusive Marlborough College , west of London , the UK Press Association said . A royal source told the Press Association , "  It was nothing more than high jinks at the end of term in May . A group of them were reprimanded and that 's the end of the matter . " The tabloid Sun newspaper reported that a college staff member woke to playful shrieks and found several young women dancing around without clothes . It said there was no suggestion boys were present or that drugs were involved but claimed a pupil said the students had been drinking . Princess Eugenie , the sixth in line to the British throne , is studying art , history of art and English at the $ 46,000-a-year college , PA said . It said the princess was expected to be among guests celebrating the official birthday of Queen Elizabeth II on Saturday . A spokesman for the princess made no comment about the claims , PA reported .	Britain 's Princess Eugenie reprimanded for naked school frolic , reports say Sixth in line to British throne involved in end of term "  high jinks , " insiders say Princess due to attend queen 's official birthday celebrations
CNN  -- Memorial Day weekend has , over the years , turned in large part into something it was not originally intended to be : Seventy-two hours of barbecues and ballgames , of swimming-pool openings , of high-decibel sales pitches by merchandisers hoping to cash in on the unofficial start of summer . Which , to a degree , is understandable . The weather is turning warm , there 's a holiday feel to the break from work , and the solemnity and grieving for those who gave their lives in the pursuit of peace seems to sometimes get pushed aside . But it is that pursuit of peace , with all its contradictions and all its sacrifices , that remains the centerpiece of Memorial Day . And this weekend it might be worth pausing , if only for a moment , to reflect upon a quotation that has variously been attributed to Winston Churchill and to George Orwell : "  We sleep soundly in our beds because rough men stand ready in the night to visit violence on those who would do us harm . " Through history , peace in the world has often , of necessity , been attained by the most brutal means available during military conflict . There is a dichotomy intrinsic to wars waged in pursuit of peace -- an uneasy divide between lightness and shadows . Tranquility born of bloodshed ; happiness the end result of horror . We do n't like to think too much about that , and no wonder . The truth behind it goes against our better nature . What is the most beloved image celebrating the joyous end of World War II ? It 's the Alfred Eisenstaedt photo of the sailor and the nurse embracing in Times Square . Even now , more than 60 years later , that photo makes people weep with glad emotion , makes them grin with across-the-generations exultation . That photo , it is often declared , says it all . But there would be no photo of the sailor and the nurse were it not for scenes no one likes to see in photographs : the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki that brought the awful years of war to a close . It is perfectly explicable that we much prefer bathing ourselves in exuberant images of the first hours of peace , rather than the gruesome images of the last hours of war . One person who was in fact present during those last hours of World War II was Paul Tibbets . During the many days and evenings I spent with him during the final years of his life , there were occasions when the conversation would turn to that photo of the sailor and the nurse . Sometimes , when we were traveling together and he would be attending a military reunion , someone would approach him with a copy of the photo . Paul would never say anything . He 'd look over at me and merely raise his eyebrows , almost imperceptibly . He was n't the photographer , but Eisenstaedt would have had nothing to photograph were it not for him . He was the man -- the military aviator -- assigned by the United States government to put together , in utter secrecy , the unit that would carry out the atomic raids on Japan . When the day came , he did n't delegate ; he flew the B-29 named Enola Gay -- his mother 's name -- to Hiroshima with one goal in mind : to make the war stop . To let the soldiers , sailors , aviators and Marines go home at last , to rejoin their families or start new families , to somehow , after all the suffering and all the heartbreak , find peace . Of course the sailor and the nurse are the preferred visual representation of victory . What Paul Tibbets , navigator Dutch Van Kirk , bombardier Tom Ferebee and their crew were asked to do over the skies of Japan is something that is difficult for many people to think about ; it 's much more pleasant to smile at the sight of the kiss in New York . Peace is the sun-dappled result , but getting there can be a path of darkness upon darkness . Which is why , on Memorial Day weekend , it is probably reasonable that some people reflexively turn away from thoughts of battlefields and death . The people who turn away are generally not the ones whose family members have in wartime trod that dark and lonely path . On the occasions through the centuries when long wars have come to an end , many newspapers have chosen to go with the most glorious single-word , all-capital-letters headline of all : PEACE ! Is there a word in the English language that is more welcome , more highly cherished ? That is more likely to be greeted with exhilaration and prayerful relief by all who see it ? Nearly every desire a person , or a nation , can have is embodied in that single syllable . All the lightness and all the shadows , all the wars waged at terrible costs , all in pursuit of peace . To get to such a state of harmony has never been a peaceful journey . Which is why the word is so beautiful , so yearned for : Because it sounds so simple while remaining so rare . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Memorial Day a holiday for barbecues , fun ; but better to reflect on peace He says day raises dichotomy : brutality , which we shun , to bring peace , which we embrace His friend dropped Hiroshima bomb from Enola Gay . His purpose to end war , bring peace Greene : We prefer to think of war 's end in famous V-J day kiss photo
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo continued his sensational scoring form with a hat-trick on Wednesday night to keep Real Madrid 's Spanish title hopes alive going into the final two matches of the season . Real trail Barcelona by one point after matching the defending champions ' 4-1 victory over Tenerife the night before , coming from behind to defeat European hopefuls Mallorca . While world player of the year Lionel Messi took his tally to 44 goals with two more on Tuesday , Ronaldo is proving to be just as important to Real 's chances . The Portugal forward , who became the world 's most expensive player when he signed for $ 130 million from Manchester United in pre-season , has now scored 36 times this campaign . He followed up his double from Sunday 's last-gasp 3-2 victory against Osasuna with another superb solo display , canceling out Aritz Aduriz 's 16th-minute header with an opportunist effort 10 minutes later as he beat goalkeeper Dudu Aouate to a long ball by Sergio Ramos . Ronaldo put Real ahead 11 minutes after halftime with his 24th league goal this season , again combining with Ramos as he chested down the Argentine 's pass and prodded the ball past Aouate . He made it 3-1 with 18 minutes to play as he skipped past two defenders on the left-hand edge of the penalty area and calmly slotted a low right-foot shot past the keeper to seal his first treble for the club . Gonzalo Higuain capped the victory 10 minutes later with a superb deft chip over Aouate after running clear for his 26th goal in La Liga this season , putting him behind only Messi 's 31 . This weekend , Real will host Athletic Bilbao while Barcelona travel to Sevilla , who reclaimed fourth place from Mallorca with a 5-1 victory at Racing Santander . Striker Alvaro Negredo followed up his weekend double with two more goals as Santander , who had Mohamed Tchite sent off for two bookings after he made it 3-1 on the hour , were left just a point above the bottom three . Eighth-placed Athletic Bilbao failed to return to the top six after a 1-1 home draw with Malaga , who moved above Santander on goal difference . Atletico Madrid kept up the fine end-of-season form that has seen Real 's city rivals reach the finals of the Europa League and Copa Del Rey by defeating second-bottom Valladolid 3-1 . Goals from Juanito , Jose Manuel Jurado and Diego Forlan put the ninth-placed hosts 3-0 up before a 78th-minute consolation by Jonathan Sesma as relegation-threatened Valladolid suffered a first defeat under former Spain coach Javier Clemente . Deportivo La Coruna were leapfrogged by Atletico after losing 3-1 at Osasuna , and now can not qualify for the Europa League . Real Zaragoza moved five points clear of the bottom three with a 1-0 win at home to Espanyol , who are a point above in 13th place , thanks to a second-half penalty from in-form striker Adrian Colunga .	Cristiano Ronaldo scores his first hat-trick for Real Madrid in 4-1 win at Mallorca Portugal forward has now netted 36 times in his first season for Los Galacticos Real reduce Barcelona 's Spanish league lead to one point with two games to play Sevilla reclaim fourth place from Mallorca with 5-1 victory at Racing Santander
CNN  -- Recently , the United States has seen a resurgence of Bordetella pertussis , a highly contagious bacterial disease more commonly known as "  whooping cough . " The disease mostly afflicts children , though adults can catch it , too . Whooping cough is easily prevented with vaccination . According to the Centers for Diseases Control and Prevention , vaccination , introduced in the 1940s , brought the number of cases per year down from 107,473 in 1922 to just 1,248 in 1981 . Since 1982 , however , the number of cases has steadily increased . In recent years , there has been a general decline in vaccination to prevent many childhood diseases in the United States . In 2012 , the number of whooping cough cases in the United States hit a long-time high of 48,277 . The decline in vaccination is in part due to the rise of the anti-vaccine movement , which has found spokespeople in celebrities like Jenny McCarthy and politicians like Michele Bachmann and Rick Santorum . It is a movement that relies on scientific fraud and pseudoscience . In the not too distant past , one of the scientific community 's primary concerns was preventing scientific fraud . Episodes like the 1998 fabrication of data indicating a connection between childhood vaccines and autism risk have clear public health and policy repercussions . Claiming a link between vaccines and autism opens the door for false claims about the dangers of other vaccines , allowing , for example , politicians like Bachmann to inflame the public 's doubts about the benefits of vaccination against the human papillomavirus , or HPV . In a 2011 interview on the "  Today " show , Bachmann mentioned a woman whose daughter suffered from "  mental retardation " as a result of receiving the HPV vaccination . In a subsequent interview , Bachmann defended her position , fueling the anti-vaccination movement . Given that HPV can result in cancer , disseminating this kind of misinformation not based on scientific evidence is dangerous . The general public thinks of scientific journals as unimpeachable , but the rise of e-commerce and e-media has created an unprecedented opportunity for charlatans to inflate credentials and corrupt scientific publications . In this process , pseudoscience has become rampant . In a recent article , "  Who 's Afraid of Peer Review ? " published in Science , the flagship journal of The American Association for the Advancement of Science , John Bohannon revealed that it is relatively easy to publish fake scientific data in open-access journals . Unfortunately , Bohannon 's piece barely received any attention from the popular media , squandering a vital opportunity to alert and inform the general public how to differentiate the wheat of real science from the chaff of pseudoscience . For the sake of public health , this issue must move beyond the confines of academia . The ideal behind open access journals is admirable : They aim to disseminate important scientific findings to audiences such as those in nonacademic settings or residing in developing countries who may not be have access to such information . But , the financial reality of open access is that the business model -- where an author agrees to pay a fee , often in the ballpark of $ 2,000 , to get the article accepted for publication -- favors quantity and moneymaking over integrity . Such publications often fail to differentiate between the plastic Rolex and the real one . It is somewhat unnerving to read some of the comments posted below Bohannon 's article , where a number of readers think "  scientific counterfeits " are a fact of life , that falsifying data is old news , and that scientists should focus on our scientific work instead of worrying about counterfeiting . Scientists sometimes think it is not their role or responsibility to engage in public discourse regarding their work . In this instance , however , they could not be more wrong . As scientists , we have a responsibility to speak up about the damage that pseudoscience could inflict on society . For example , we are in the third decade of the AIDS pandemic , and there are still well-trained scientists such as Peter H. Duseberg , once an HIV/AIDS control and prevention adviser to the former president of South Africa , who denies that HIV causes AIDS . Duesberg says that recreational drugs are the culprits for AIDS among homosexual men in the West , while the cases in Africa are largely due to malnutrition and other diseases . People like Duesberg are not shy about spreading their half-baked , unproven ideas in spite of overwhelming contradictory scientific evidence . In this new business environment , publishers are often no longer responsible for preventing fake or less than credible data . Meanwhile , some scientists who have the financial resources might opt for a quick and easy publication , though their findings may be questionable . A key scientific currency , peer-reviewed publication , is being corrupted outright by the unscrupulous pursuit of profit . Sadly , the profit motive has begun to play an increasingly distortive role in the dissemination of scientific research findings . What 's at stake here ? Lives , obviously . Less dramatic , but no less important is the question of how we define "  knowledge , " and how much we can trust science and scientists . Reasonable people can disagree on how to interpret data , but first , we need good data . The longer we turn a blind eye to scientific fraud , the more we encourage a pay-to-play system that puts dollars before scientific data , and the more we will erode the public 's trust in science and its authority . That way is perilous . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frank Y. Wong .	Frank Wong : There 's been a decline in vaccination to prevent childhood diseases Wong : It 's partly due to the rise of anti-vaccine movement that relies on scientific fraud He says the rise of e-media allows charlatans to corrupt scientific publications Wong : Pseudoscience undermines public 's trust in science and scientific authority
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- In a city slashed by war , a tiger fights for life . Osama , a Siberian tiger at the Tripoli Zoo , has been suffering for days . He is on his side , breathing shallowly , his huge paws motionless -- caramel , black-and-white-striped fur covered with flies that he is too weak to brush off . A team of animal-welfare experts from Austria 's Four Paws International gently rolls the tiger over and Dr. Amir Khalil , dripping sweat , searches for a vein , then puts in an IV drip to give the animal vitamins . Asked why the tiger is so sick , the veterinarian replies , "  Honestly , we do n't know but I believe he 's old , 21 years . That 's number one . Number two , it was a lot of stress in the surroundings here . " During the struggle for Tripoli , gunfire raged just outside the zoo . When the fighting was at its height some Libyans packed up their cars and fled . The animals at the Tripoli Zoo did n't have that option . The deafening sounds of shooting , the acrid smell of battle -- there was no respite for these sensitive creatures . Shells still litter the zoo grounds . As the zoo 's director , Dr. Abdulfatah Husni , leads a CNN crew to the mammal house , he points out bullet casings on the sidewalk . "  This is for Kalashnikov . You know Kalashnikov ? " he asks , referring to automatic rifles . In the mammal house , the roof is marred by a a gaping hole blasted by a rocket propelled grenade . Luckily , no animal died or was injured . For two weeks there was no water in much of Tripoli . For the hippos at the zoo , it was a disaster . The huge , stolid animals stand forlornly by their almost-empty pool , now slowly being filled with water from a large hose . Husni says that during the worst of it , the animals had to drink whatever water remained but they could not swim , as they usually do . The staff had to sprinkle them with what water remained to keep their tough skins moist . "  They 're shiny now , " he says . Even as fighters shot it out on the streets near the zoo , 15 members of the staff came in every day to feed and water the animals , risking their own lives ; if they had n't , many of the animals would have died within three to four days , Husni says . In the tiger house , meanwhile , the animal rescue team still struggles to save Osama the tiger . Dr. Khalil rushed here from Vienna to help after seeing CNN reports about the fate of these animals . He grows more quiet as his efforts seem to have little effect . "  He 's finished , " he finally whispers , acknowledging that the tiger has died . "  It was too late . " The Tripoli Zoo , originally opened in 1986 , was under major reconstruction when the revolution broke out . Without the fighting , it was scheduled to be completed in May . But the South Korean construction company working on the project pulled out because of security concerns , Husni says . He hopes the project will continue and says the new anti-Gadhafi transitional leaders pledge to give the zoo support . There will be exchanges with zoos around the world , he says , something that stopped during the Gadhafi regime . He will be able to attend conferences around the world , to learn new techniques of protecting animals in captivity . And , he predicts , the zoo will welcome new animals unscarred by war .	Animal experts from Austria saw CNN reports on the Tripoli Zoo and rushed to help Animals at the zoo suffered as gun battles raged in the city The zoo 's director says Libya 's new leaders pledge to give the zoo support But for one tiger , the fight for survival is lost
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- As a journalist , as a human being , the stories of the people around you stick with you . Whether it is in passing memory or in daily wonderment , they are in your mind and many in your heart , engrained forever . CNN 's Atia Abawi , center , with Banafsha  denim jacket  and her siblings and mother . The first story I worked on for CNN in Afghanistan back in November , just as we were opening our new bureau in Kabul , was on a girl who attended a school for street kids called Aschiana . Aschiana , which means "  nest " in Dari , was a place for the nearly 60,000 street kids in the capital city to escape from their terrible reality and get an education . There , we met Banafsha , an 11-year-old girl who along with her two younger sisters would beg on the streets for bread , feeding their family of eight . Her mother would stay home and take care of her baby brothers and their father , she told us , was a heroin addict . Banafsha was young in age but her eyes told of experiences that have taken her far beyond childhood . In our conversations , she spoke with candor and honesty , not allowing emotions to creep in . Until when , she told me that she prayed everyday for a change in her life . Watch Abawi 's first story on Banafsha " "  I say , ` God take me out of this poverty and have my father go work so I can go to school , ' " she said , wiping away one lonely tear . The story received a tremendous response from viewers and readers after it was posted on CNN.com . An organization from the U.S. began to sponsor Banafsha , promising to provide for her . This was great to hear , but it did n't stop me from worrying . Did I bring her more trouble or was she going to be okay ? Every time we would drive around the neighborhood , I would look for her to see if she was among the other street beggars . Were they suffering in the winter cold ? Did they have enough food ? About a week ago , I went to the headquarters of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force with our cameraman Charlie Miller . As we were leaving , we met three little street kids , a sweet girl among them with a beautiful smile -- which made me think of Banafsha and her sisters . The sight of kids begging always breaks my heart because I know that their childhoods are forever stolen by poverty . I am also always scared to give them money because I remembered a story Banafsha told me about her little sister . She was given two dollars by an American , and when the American walked away , an older boy came and punched her 7-year-old little sister in the face , knocking her out . When she woke up , her money was gone . As we were driving away from those children and the smile on the girl 's face , I shared the story with our driver and told him that I wished I knew how Banafsha was doing now . On our way home we decided to stop at a DVD shop , part of our limited entertainment living in Kabul . After making my selection , I walked out and I heard a beggar girl with a familiar smile on her face exclaim , "  You came over to our house ! " There was a girl next to her in a yellow dress also beaming with the same indistinguishable smile , lugging a bag of leftover pieces of bread over her tiny back . Watch Abawi reunite with Banafsha and her family " It was Banafsha 's little sisters : 10-year-old Samira and 7-year-old Tamina . I was so excited to see them and even happier that they recognized me . But I was at the same time dejected that they were still on the streets . They told me that they go to school but they still beg on the streets . However , Banafsha is at home and no longer begging . We went home with them because I wanted to see Banafsha and her mother . On the way to their house in the middle of a Kabul graveyard , Samira told me that her dad left again three days ago and they have no clue where he is . As Samira went to go get her mother , who was nearby at their grandmother 's home , her little brother called Banafsha for us . She came out of a little room in the backyard , used for the wintertime . It holds what is called a "  sandalee , " a table heated by coal that is used by the more impoverished in Afghanistan to stay warm in the torturously cold winter . Banafsha looked drained , her eyes heavy with burden . I heard a baby crying from the room she just left , which had to be her little brother Ajmal . If it was true that she was not begging anymore I knew she was still carrying the weight of her family on her tiny shoulders . She was wearing a denim jacket and new dress . The family told me that the organization that has promised to help has been there twice so far , bringing Banafsha clothes and some cooking supplies for the family . They said they were grateful for the help Banafsha was getting but there were still difficulties . Banafsha was quiet and did n't talk much , but she had her rare moments when a smile would creep out . Those moments were like a glimmer of light in a dark room to me . The entire family had that same smile , but it was Banafsha 's and her mother 's that were the most infrequent . As we were about to leave , I asked about their health and the mother said everything was fine except for something on Banafsha 's arm . She pulled up her daughter 's sleeve and showed us a thick forming rash . Banafsha told us it kept growing and it was itchy . Charlie pulled out his still camera and took a picture of it . He planned on showing it to a medical friend in the city for treatment . I did not want to say goodbye , but I also did not want to intrude anymore than we had . That day , seeing them , re-energized me in a way that I could not explain . In Afghanistan , you see a lot of misery , in the city of Kabul alone your heart sinks at every turn . The poverty , the destruction , the hopelessness and the loss of dignity for survival , is everywhere . You are grateful for what you have and how lucky you are , but you know it is not fair . Those feelings continue to weigh on your heart and mind , and they can add up . Some times you are strong about it , other times you feel weak . And as much as it pains you , you know you are lucky to see their lives , you know you have benefited from these people and from this place -- in ways you may never understand why .	Abawi meets Banafsha while doing a story about a school for street kids Banafsha and her sisters beg on the streets for food Abawi runs into Banafsha 's sisters six months later Banafsha receives some help from a charity , but the family is still struggling
Paris  CNN  -- New French President Francois Hollande has chosen mostly moderates for his Cabinet , indicating an effort to build a broad coalition in the country . The Socialist leader selected moderates to serve as ministers of labor , economy , foreign affairs , defense and other posts . The Cabinet , announced Wednesday , also includes several leftists and at least one minister who comes from the Socialist Party 's right wing . Half of the 34 ministers and junior ministers are women . And the group spans generations : The youngest is 34 ; the eldest is 66 . Many are experts in their fields . "  It 's a renewed government , " said newly named Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault . "  It 's the change the French wanted . " The Cabinet includes moderate left political figures Michel Sapin as labor minister and Laurent Fabius as foreign minister . Pierre Moscovici will be minister of economy and finance , and his fellow moderate , Socialist Jean-Yves Le Drian , will be defense minister . Officials with strong left-leaning tendencies were chosen as ministers of education , industry and environment . Manuel Valls , from the right wing of the Socialist Party , will be minister of interior . Hollande , the country 's first Socialist president since Francois Mitterrand left office in 1995 , won an election this month against incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy . Very few of Hollande 's Cabinet selections served under Mitterrand . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's the change the French wanted , " Prime Minister Ayrault says Most of the ministers are considered moderates 17 of the 34 ministers and junior ministers are women Very few served under Francois Mitterrand
CNN  -- Federal drug investigators have taken over the inquiry into the January 22 death of actor Heath Ledger in a New York apartment , a law enforcement source told CNN Thursday . Actor Heath Ledger , 28 , died January 22 at an apartment in Lower Manhattan . Ledger , 28 , an Oscar-nominated Australian actor , died of an accidental overdose of six types of medication , according to the New York City medical examiner 's office . The medical examiner 's office said Ledger "  died as the result of acute intoxication by the combined effects of oxycodone , hydrocodone , diazepam , temazepam , alprazolam and doxylamine . " Oxycodone and hydrocodone are pain medications ; diazepam -- also known as Valium -- is used to treat anxiety ; temazepam is a sedative used to induce sleep ; alprazolam -- known by the trade name Xanax -- is an anti-anxiety agent . Doxylamine , an antihistamine , can be obtained over the counter as a sleep aid . The law enforcement source said the federal drug investigators are trying to determine if the drugs were prescribed legally , and are looking at two doctors -- one based in California and another in Texas . Ledger 's first American film was the teen comedy "  10 Things I Hate About You " in 1999 . He passed up several scripts before taking a role in the Revolutionary War drama "  The Patriot " in 2000 and "  A Knight 's Tale " in 2001 . He also played a supporting role in "  Monster 's Ball . " But Ledger was perhaps best known for his portrayal of Ennis Del Mar in "  Brokeback Mountain , " Ang Lee 's film about two cowboys who had a secret romantic relationship . The role earned Ledger a best actor Oscar nomination . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Brian Vitagliano contributed to this report .	Law enforcement source says federal drug officers are looking into death Ledger died of an accidental overdose January 22 Source : Investigators trying to determine if drugs were prescribed legally DEA is looking at two doctors -- one in California and one in Texas
CNN  -- ISIS has released a new video of British hostage John Cantlie , this time showing him in the Syrian border city of Kobani . In a segment that lasts for more than five minutes , Cantlie argues that -- unlike Western media accounts of recent days -- Kobani is mostly under control of the terror group , which calls itself the Islamic state . He claims that ISIS fighters are mopping up , and that the all-out battle for the city is over . Kurdish forces in Syria have said the fight is far from finished , and that Iraqi Kurdish forces will soon be joining them . Kurdish forces and ISIS militants have been clashing in the key border city for more than a month . On Sunday , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least 800 people have been killed there since the fighting started . The video posted online Monday is the latest ISIS has released of Cantlie , who 's been held hostage for nearly two years . The British photojournalist , who also wrote several articles for major British newspapers , was kidnapped in November 2012 along with American journalist James Foley . In the first video of him released by the group last month , Cantlie made clear that he was forced to share a message from ISIS . The video released Monday portrays Cantlie as a reporter in the field describing Kobani . The hostage , dressed in black , appears close enough to the border to see Turkish flags in the background . "  It seemed almost like a standup that a CNN correspondent would do in a foreign city , " Peter Bergen , CNN national security analyst , said . "  It was designed to show that he 's relaxed , that what he 's saying is accurate . But clearly he 's under duress . " Philip Mudd , a former CIA counterterrorism official , described the video as "  purely a propaganda play . " Even though it purports to show the strength of ISIS , Mudd said the video actually reveals weakness . "  They 're watching the same media we watch and seeing that their push for Kobani is not going very well . This is a message to respond to what they view as Western media portraying them as losing in Kobani , " he said . "  They think they need to respond . " The video also includes images of the heavily damaged city , filmed by what a caption says is an ISIS drone . Based on references Cantlie makes in the video , CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh says it appears to have been filmed about a week ago . In the video , Cantlie describes weapons from a U.S. airdrop that he says made their way into the hands of ISIS -- a claim the group also made last week . The airdrops were sent to help Kurdish forces fighting to defend the city . A U.S. official said last week that one of 28 bundles dropped in and around Kobani drifted away from its target zone . The U.S. military said it went back and blasted it . CNN 's Jennifer Deaton , Ivan Watson , Holly Yan and Wolf Blitzer contributed to this report .	NEW : Analyst : "  It was designed to show that he 's relaxed ... but clearly he 's under duress " In the video , British hostage John Cantlie says border town of Kobani is under ISIS control ISIS has released other videos showing Cantlie , a hostage for nearly two years
The grand jury investigating Michael Brown 's death in Ferguson , Missouri , has spent months looking into the case . Brown , an unarmed black teen , was shot to death by Darren Wilson , a white police officer , on August 9 . A grand jury weighing whether to indict Wilson has several options from which to choose , ranging from finding no probable cause that a crime was committed to charging him with murder . With apprehension filling the air , Ferguson awaits ruling "  The thing that 's in common is that Michael Brown is dead and that his death was caused by the actions of Officer Wilson , " Peter Joy , a law professor at Washington University in St. Louis , said about the various options . "  What changes with each one is really the mental state and the circumstances . " Complete coverage on Ferguson According to Ed Magee , spokesman for the prosecuting attorney 's office , the grand jury is focused on whether Wilson should be charged with any one of several possible crimes , including first-degree murder , second-degree murder , voluntary manslaughter and involuntary manslaughter . Here 's a look at those charges in more detail : First-degree murder This is the most serious of the possible charges . To prove first-degree murder , prosecutors would not only have to show that Wilson killed Brown , which is not in dispute , but they 'd have to prove that he did so after deliberating on the matter . Deliberation is typically proved by showing some sort of planning , although planning can take place within a relatively short period of time . If Wilson is charged and then eventually found guilty of first-degree murder , he could face up to life in prison without parole , or death , if the death penalty is sought , according to Joy . Second-degree murder To prove second-degree murder , prosecutors would have to show that Wilson knowingly caused Brown 's death -- that he knew what he was doing was going to cause serious physical injury or death . According to Joy , if Wilson is found guilty of second-degree murder , he could face up to life in prison with the possibility of parole . Voluntary manslaughter Voluntary manslaughter is the act of killing another person while under the influence of a sudden passion . If prosecutors can prove Wilson acted while in a fit of anger or rage when he shot Brown , they might be able to secure a conviction on voluntary manslaughter . If they do , according to Joy , Wilson 's sentence could be from five to 15 years . Involuntary manslaughter Involuntary manslaughter is when someone causes the death of another by being reckless . He might not mean to kill the other person but did n't take the necessary precautions not to do so . If prosecutors can prove Wilson did n't know what he was doing when he fired in the direction of Brown , they might be able to secure an involuntary manslaughter conviction . If found guilty , Joy said , Wilson could be sentenced to no more than seven years in prison . No charges Of course , it 's entirely possible that the grand jury will find there is no probable cause to charge Wilson with anything . In this case , it would have to decide Wilson was justified in shooting Brown -- perhaps he feared for his life or acted in self-defense . If the grand jury decided against an indictment , Wilson would continue to be a free man , at least so far as the state 's criminal charges . Federal officials are conducting two civil rights investigations , one into Brown 's killing and the other into the local police department 's overall track record with minorities . Opinion : Why Ferguson grand jury is taking so long	Officer Darren Wilson killed Michael Brown on August 9 A grand jury weighs whether to charge Brown The jury tries to decide whether a crime was committed
CNN  -- Mike and Missy Wilson sat in a meeting late Tuesday afternoon , planning a ministry trip to Haiti when they were interrupted by a text message . A co-worker read the news : a powerful earthquake had just struck the Caribbean country . In their Nashville , Tennessee , office , Mike Wilson said , "  My heart just dropped " as he listened to the one-line bulletin . The quake 's epicenter was a few miles from an orphanage in Carrefour , Haiti , where the Wilsons ' 21-year-old daughter Katie was working , and the 5-year-old girl they were about to adopt lived . "  I felt like I could n't take another breath , " Missy Wilson said , "  I jumped up and yelled , ` This ca n't be happening . ' " The first bits of news were discouraging , as sketchy reports came in of buildings collapsing and widespread destruction . "  It was horrible , " Missy Wilson said . "  We spent hours trying to get any information . " The Brent Gambrell Ministries where she is director frequently works with churches and groups in Haiti . Any phone number they had in the country was quickly written on a board in the office . "  A group of 20  people  sat and dialed the numbers over and over and over again . " "  There are no words to explain that two people I love dearly were in the middle , and I could n't reach then , " Mike Wilson said , his voice cracking . But it was more than 24 hours before they finally got word . A brief , scratchy call from their daughter Katie came through -- she and 5-year-old Tia had survived the quake that destroyed the orphanage . Missy Wilson said Katie was able to say , "  I 'm alive . We 're safe . Tia 's safe . Please just know we 're alive , " before the 40-second call was cut off . It would be Thursday before the Wilsons learned the whole story . Mike Wilson , with two ministry officials , was able to travel into Haiti on a medivac plane , and the three made their way to the town . "  There was destruction all around , " he said from Haiti , "  When I saw what was left of that building , I knew they were protected . " Katie , Tia and 47 other children all made it out , but were living in the parking lot across from the shattered orphanage . When Mike Wilson finally found his daughter , she ran up to him at full speed and hugged him . "  I can totally see her knocking him to the ground , " her mother said . The first order of business : a call home to a nervous mom . Wilson was able to get through on a rare working cell phone , and told his wife , "  need to you to hear something . " Missy Wilson said the next words were from Tia , barely able to speak English , saying , " ` Ma-ma , I love you . ' I started screaming at the top of my lungs . " Wilson and his colleagues brought food , water and supplies to the 200 quake victims in the parking lot . He described the injured , including one with a broken leg , being treated for two days in the heat with nothing more than an aspirin . The group arranged a bus to take the children to a guest house , a trip delayed when the bus broke down . But that news was minor , knowing they would have shelter and supplies . For the Wilsons , the next struggle is how to bring Tia home . They had been in Haiti just last week finishing paperwork for the adoption , but the office handling the case was destroyed in the quake . "  All that paperwork , God knows where it is , " Mike Wilson said . "  That building was five stories , now it 's five feet tall . " For Missy , waiting for news at home , "  I feel like I 'm floating on top of my body . " "  Like I 'm living a dream and waiting to wake up , " she said . This week has gone "  from hopelessness to hope to tears to ' I ca n't take another phone call because I do n't know what will happen , ' " she said . Wilson said he is working with the U.S. Embassy seeking emergency help to bring Tia to Nashville . "  We are going to do it , " he said , his voice the strongest it had been all day .	Wilsons ' 21-year-old daughter , and the 5-year-old girl they were about to adopt live in Haiti "  We spent hours trying to get any information , " Missy Wilson says Daughters and 47 other children all made it out of orphanage alive Father traveled to Haiti on a medivac plane for joyous reunion
CNN  -- The Rev. Billy Graham 's son is requesting prayers for his ailing father . Franklin Graham said that his father , who turned 95 in November , is extremely weak , but his vitals are good . "  Our family would appreciate your prayers for him that the Lord would strengthen him , " the son wrote in a prayer request posted Tuesday on the website of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association . "  Only the Lord knows what is in store as we move forward in service to Him , " he said . The elder Graham returned home late last month , two days after he was admitted to a hospital for pulmonary-related tests and observation . He was admitted to the hospital in October for similar tests . Graham , who lives in western North Carolina , has provided counsel to generations of U.S. presidents , beginning with Harry S. Truman . Staging revivals that he called "  crusades " around the world , the founder of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association has reached untold millions of people in person . Graham began his missionary work in 1944 when he started speaking at rallies for the Youth for Christ/Campus Life ministry . Five years later , he was holding a "  crusade " in tents in downtown Los Angeles . "  We value your prayers -- in fact , we depend on them , " his son wrote in the request . "  We find words of comfort and praise in the psalms , ` Oh , bless our God ... and make the voice of His praise to be heard , who keeps our soul among the living , and does not allow our feet to be moved . Come and hear , all you who fear God , and I will declare what He has done for my soul . Blessed be God , who has not turned away my prayer . ' " CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	The Rev. Billy Graham celebrated his 95th birthday in November He is extremely weak , but his vitals are good , his son says Graham was hospitalized last month for pulmonary-related tests and observation
Gaza  CNN  -- One moment there are rocket attacks and claims Israel fired at Palestinian fishermen . The next there 's the head of a Palestinian negotiating team detailing a five-day extension of a cease-fire in and around Gaza . Then -- after yet more rockets hit Israel -- there are Israeli airstrikes . So what gives ? Is Israel 's military action a blip or does it signal a full-scale resumption of the offensive that left nearly 2,000 in Gaza dead , most of them civilians ? Will Israelis once again find themselves seeking shelter as rocket after rocket rain from overhead ? And do the peace talks , and the just announced cease-fire , have any chance ? None of these questions could be easily answered early Thursday . One of the lone things that was patently clear is that -- as with most anything to deal with this region and these longtime foes -- the situation is both very complicated and very fragile . Palestinian officials offered hope of positive movement late Wednesday , when lead negotiator Azzam al-Ahmed said the 72-hour cease-fire put in place earlier this week should last another five days , from midnight  5 p.m. ET Wednesday  . The idea , senior Hamas member Izzat Risheq explained to CNN , was to give the parties "  more time to reach an agreement on the issues . " "  There remains a positive atmosphere towards reaching a comprehensive agreement , " al-Ahmed told reporters . "  But there are still sticking points . " There 's also still violence . About the time al-Ahmed spoke , the Israeli military claimed that at least eight rockets were fired toward its territory from Gaza . By Thursday morning , Israel still had n't officially commented on whether it would go along with any cease-fire extension . But its military did respond to the new rocket attacks , by "  targeting terror sites across " Gaza , according to Israel Defense Forces spokesman Peter Lerner . CNN crew in Gaza heard multiple explosions overnight . " #IDF alert & prepared with defensive & striking capabilities to address renewed #Gaza aggression & threat to #Israel , " Lerner tweeted . Israel wants security ; Gazans want more freedom The fact there was 70 hours of relative peace earlier this week and the Palestinians , at least , believed the truce would be extended into next week is a good sign . Other cease-fires failed more quickly and more miserably . Even the scale of attacks overnight Wednesday was far less than what happened earlier this summer . The two sides have been talking in Cairo through go-betweens . One core issue is difficult to quickly overcome . Israel , as well as the United States and European Union , labels Hamas -- the Islamist militant group that controls Gaza -- a terrorist organization ; Hamas rejects Israel 's right to exist . Israel says it wants Hamas to disarm and Gaza to be demilitarized . The Palestinian delegation in Egypt , which includes Hamas , demanded an end to Israel 's economic blockade on Gaza , an extension of fishing rights off the coast , the reopening of an airport and seaport , and the release of prisoners held by Israelis . Al-Ahmed , head of the Palestinian team , said late Wednesday that there 's still no agreement on the opening of crossings into Israel , "  the launching of a free fishing zone " and various "  security issues . " The stakes are high for the residents of Gaza , where 1,962 people have been killed in the fighting , according to the United Nations . Around 72 % of the dead are estimated to be civilians . Stakes are also high for Israelis , who have been living in fear of rockets fired from Gaza and the militant attacks carried out through tunnels dug under the border . Israel 's Iron Dome missile defense system intercepted many of the roughly 3,500 rockets the Israeli military says have been launched from Gaza . But Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu decided to send ground troops into Gaza during the conflict to destroy Hamas ' network of tunnels , resulting in intensified fighting . Israeli officials say 64 of its soldiers have been killed , as well as three civilians in Israel . The Israel Defense Forces pulled its soldiers out of Gaza last week after they had demolished around 32 tunnels , but they remain positioned around the Palestinian territory . Israel and its neighbors : Decades of war Warning shots for Palestinian fishermen Even if a cease-fire ends up sticking , it should n't be confused with widespread agreement . Take , for example , claims on their websites by Hamas and the Islamic Jihad that Israel violated the 72-hour cease-fire -- which had been set to expire at midnight -- by firing on Palestinian fishermen . Nizar Ayesh , head of the Gaza fishermen 's union , told CNN that Israel 's navy fired into the air Wednesday morning at about 35 fishermen . There were no injuries reported , "  but the fishermen had to go out to sea because they are poor and want to make some money and bring food to their families , " Ayesh said . The Israeli military confirmed that it fired "  warning shots " after "  a Palestinian boat " went into part of the Mediterranean Sea that Israel considers "  a closed military area . " Then there was the renewed rocket attack from "  Gaza terrorists " that struck in the Hof Ashkelon area of southern Israel on Wednesday night , according to an Israeli military spokesman . There were no initial reports of injuries or damage . Hamas -- in a text message from spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri -- denied that it had anything to do with any rockets fired toward Israel . Israel did n't appear overly alarmed . "  Just one rocket is probably something we can move on from , " an Israeli official , speaking on condition of anonymity shortly before Palestinian officials announced a cease-fire deal . But a slew of new rockets toward Israel , right around when the original cease-fire was to expire , may have changed the equation -- for both sides . Aid flows into Gaza during lull in violence Whether or not it lasts , this week 's lull in violence did allow Gaza residents to try to tackle some of the most urgent problems they face , including a lack of drinking water and leaking sewage pipes . Aid groups said the situation remains dire , with more than 300,000 people estimated to have been displaced by the fighting in the small , densely populated enclave . The thousands of people wounded in the conflict have put a severe strain on medical resources . During the cease-fire , people have attempted to stock up on badly needed supplies , which have been allowed in through reopened border crossings . The International Committee of the Red Cross said it had brought in trucks of water , hundreds of mattresses , surgical equipment , food and household items like diapers . Among the many families sheltering in U.N. schools , some are unable to return to their homes because they were destroyed , and others have been going back just for the day and returning to shelters at night . Some people feel it is too risky to leave shelters altogether , because so many of the previous cease-fires have failed . Residents have also taken advantage of the calm to go out into the streets and visit beaches , parks and markets . But dangers left by the conflict remain . Despite the cease-fire , at least five people died and six were injured Wednesday when an Israeli rocket exploded as Gaza police bomb disposal technicians were working on it . Among the dead were an Italian video journalist for The Associated Press and a Palestinian freelance translator working with him . The AP identified the journalist as Simone Camilli , who had worked for the news service since 2005 . Meher El Halapi , chief of the police station in Shekh Zayed city , told CNN the explosion was the result of an accident during efforts to disarm the missile , which he said then exploded and set off another explosive nearby . Opinion : Why Israel is its own worst enemy Opinion : Hypocrisy of ` condemn Israel ' campaign Is Mideast peace as far away as ever ? CNN 's Antonia Mortensen reported from Gaza , Reza Sayah reported from Cairo , and Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Sarah Sirgany , Ali Younes , John Vause , Andrew Carey and Martin Savidge contributed to this report .	NEW : IDF : At least 8 rockets fired from Gaza ; Israel responds with airstrikes NEW : Palestinian negotiator : "  Positive atmosphere , " but "  sticking points " remain Palestinian officials announce a 5-day extension of a cease-fire for Gaza But the firing of rockets , Israeli strikes raise questions about whether it will hold
A rich kid gets pulled over driving a yellow Lamborghini in Miami Beach by police and arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence while allegedly street racing . It happens , but when it happens to Justin Bieber , it 's beyond a big deal . The teen idol is just the latest young star to run afoul of both the police and public relations folks . But is it to be expected when a teen has both fame and access to so much wealth ? Tons of young stars with more money than years behind them have run into such troubles before . For many , standing on the precipice of adulthood or just over that line , has appeared to trigger a spate of issues In recent years , Lindsay Lohan , Chris Brown and Amanda Bynes have dominated headlines with legal issues and rehab stints . "  These kids do n't have their identities set and no one says ` no , ' " said Sherrie Campbell , a psychologist and author of the book , "  Loving Yourself : The Mastery of Being Your Own Person . " "  These kids get all this money and they stop feeling themselves so they act out and they act out until they get in trouble , almost in that they have to lose everything in order to experience what they have , " she said . Bieber has had both . According to Forbes , as of June 2013 the 19-year-old had earnings of $ 58 million . Since being discovered on YouTube in 2008 , the singer had enjoyed an almost squeaky clean image until last year . Then the dogs from bad publicity hell were unleashed . From being accused of public urination to rumors of a visit to a Brazilian brothel and the run-ins with police  authorities recently swarmed his mansion is Calabasas , California , as part of a vandalism investigation  , Bieber spent most of 2013 in the news for alleged bad behavior . His musical mentor Usher Raymond , a former teen star himself , told MTV in December 2013 that his young protege was experiencing the pains of growing up in the spotlight . "  With success comes great responsibility . And being able to grow up in it and unfortunately be analyzed in front of the world for just growing up , I think they will be able to see the truth , " Usher said . "  And they can make an assessment based off of what his reality looks like . " Lately , Bieber 's reality is not looking so great . Meet Justin Bieber 's inner circle Former child star Danny Bonaduce said on his Seattle radio show on KZOK-FM Thursday that Bieber 's recent arrest could be just what the embattled teen star needs right now . "  This is the best thing that could have happened to him , " said Bonaduce , who in the past has struggled with addiction and legal troubles . "  Speaking from personal experience , this could save his life . " Some of his fellow celebrities have condemned his behavior while others have offered support . Psychologist Sherrie Campbell pointed out that "  fame is its own addiction " and said celebs are often under the pressure of the public 's expectations . "  I think sometimes these stars think they have to live up to their own image to the point that they almost becomes fans of their own image , " she said . Bieber arrest : Celebs offer sympathy , but jokes , too For some young celebs , that type of skid is almost a rite of passage at this point . Britney Spears went from pop princess to investigated mother when in 2006 she was videotaped driving with her then-infant son Sean in her lap . A deputy was sent to Spears ' home to investigate , though no charges resulted from the incident . What followed was a year of outrageous behavior including the infamous hair shaving incident , and Spears ' father being awarded conservatorship over her fortune . Since then , Spears has managed to turn her life around , bagged a gig as a judge on "  The X Factor " for a season , as well as a new boyfriend , album and Las Vegas residency . Other celebs have not bounced back as well as Spears . See Britney Spears through the years Lindsay Lohan recently announced she will be starring in and producing a new film , and there 's a six-episode documentary series on the way . But her last film bombed and her career is nowhere near what it once was . Likewise , Chris Brown 's reputation has never fully recovered from his 2009 arrest following the attack on then-girlfriend Rihanna just before the Grammys . In October 2013 , Brown was arrested in Washington on suspicion of punching a man , and then he was kicked out of a rehab facility for "  acting violently . " Now Bieber finds himself a member of the club of Hollywood 's young , rich and infamous whose mugshots join their paparazzi shots . His being accused of drag racing in a sports car comes just months after an outpouring of sorrow for "  Fast & Furious " star Paul Walker , who died in a crash where speed was a factor . It remains to be seen what the singer 's response will be to his latest troubles . In the past , he has been less than repentant , telling The Hollywood Reporter in November about those who criticize his behavior , "  I do n't give a f *** . " "  Not ' I do n't give a f *** ' to just be reckless and do whatever , but ' I do n't give a f *** what they say , " Bieber reportedly said .	Bieber is one of several rich , young and famous in trouble Stars including Lindsay Lohan and Chris Brown have also faced similar problems Former child star Danny Bonaduce says arrest may be a good thing
An overnight storm delivered surprise snowfall and windy chaos to Southern California , stranding more than 100 motorists in the mountains , ripping boats from moorings and apparently killing a coastal island harbor patrolman . In all , at least two people in California were killed in storm-related incidents since Tuesday , authorities said Wednesday . In the Northern California city of Redding , a woman was killed in her sleep at 2:15 a.m. Wednesday when a tree fell on a corner of the house where she , her husband and 3-year-old daughter were in the same bed , authorities said . The woman 's death was attributed to the windy weather , and the husband and toddler were also pinned under the fallen gray pine but were later freed with minor injuries , said Deputy Fire Chief Gerry Gray in Redding . The strength of the Californian winds was captured Wednesday on a YouTube video as the gust blasted through the Rose Bowl grounds , a day before the college playoff game between No. 2 Florida State and No. 3 Oregon . The video shows a twisting wind uprooting tents , poles and tarps , sending them skyward in a swirl . People scattered in an area dedicated to football fans . One person was whipped to the ground as the individual tried to grab control of a flying pole . The airborne tents and debris raked parked vehicles . Four people sustained minor injuries , said spokeswoman Lisa Derderian of the Pasadena Fire Department . Deaths in harbor Elsewhere in Southern California , a harbor officer was killed in the waters of Catalina Island , and the death appears to be weather-related , Los Angeles County Assistant Chief Coroner Ed Winter said Wednesday . The body of a second person , a man in his 50s , was also found in the water of Avalon Harbor , but authorities could n't immediately attribute that death to the weather , Winter said . Winter told CNN affiliate KTLA that the Avalon Harbor Department officer was trying to secure boats when he fell into the water Tuesday . "  There were boats that had broken loose from their moorings . He evidently got swept overboard and was pinned between the boat and rocks , " Winter said . Catalina Island resident Tom Quinn was sitting in one of the bars along the harbor when the storm unfolded rapidly , he told the affiliate . Avalon is a popular Catalina Island tourist destination about 25 miles across the water from Los Angeles ' southernmost San Pedro neighborhood . The patrolman was trying to save a vessel , and the other deceased victim was also an experienced sailor , Quinn told KTLA . The Harbor Patrol , whose staff includes a harbor master and 11 patrol officers , assign moorings and provide security and enforcement of state and local laws , the city of Avalon says on its website . The patrol officer was trying to save the King Neptune vessel when the officer was swept off the boat , according to John Etheridge , a Fountain Valley resident who owns property on the island . He told CNN affiliate KABC he witnessed the incident . "  When  the boat  hit the beach , it hit with a great deal of force and hit a couple of times and he was just thrown overboard , " Etheridge told the affiliate . "  It was the most horrible thing I 've ever seen . " A crowd of 30 to 40 people saw the incident from shore and frantically tried to save the man , but they were unable to , according to Etheridge . It was the worst storm he has seen on the island . "  There was no space in between the swells . It was just tearing boats off their mooring , " Etheridge told the station . Video footage showed that at least three boats were beached near the harbor seawall Wednesday . From the sea to the mountains The wicked winter storm stranded motorists on a pass in the San Bernardino Mountains near Crestline , California , authorities said . Crews began using snowcats late Tuesday and rescued 136 trapped motorists on Highway 138 at Old Mill Road by 3 a.m. Wednesday , authorities told CNN affiliate KABC . The all-weather , all-terrain snowcats , which have tank treads , trudged up the highway , the fire department said on its Twitter account . Then they took the motorists down to a local church . The motorists became tuck near the town of Crestline , when a wreck blocked the road , and snow piled in on top of them , San Bernardino County Fire Chief Mark Hartwig said . Some of them pulled out their phones and called for help . Cell phone pictures posted to Twitter showed vehicles that had slid off the road . Elsewhere in the San Bernardino Mountains , overnight snowfall trapped at least additional 25 motorists in their vehicles . They were also being rescued and taken to a shelter , fire officials said . "  I tried to come around the corner ... I did n't have the chains , so I hit the brakes and I went and veered off toward the other side , " Paul Lewis of Hemet told KABC of being stuck on State Route 330 . Rare snow in Southern California The snowfall was an extraordinary sight in palm tree-laden Southern California , and one resident in Murietta got out of bed to take video and a selfie of the rare snowflakes in the semi-arid area . "  It 's been snowing all night . I could n't believe my eyes . It never snowed here , " said 26-year-old Mohamed Attia , who posted a video and a photograph on his CNN iReport page . In Orange County , Michael Edman woke up to a couple of inches of snow in Rancho Santa Margarita . "  This the lowest , most snow I 've seen " in the foothills , said Edman , an electrician for the Irvine school district who has lived in Orange County all his life , including the past 12 years in Rancho Santa Margarita . He posted a photograph of the snow-laced hills on his CNN iReport page .	"  It was the most horrible thing I 've ever seen , " witness says of officer 's death on boat A harbor patrolman is thrown into sea while trying to save a boat , witness says A second death in Catalina Island harbor is also being investigated A woman is killed in her sleep when a pine tree crashes on her home
CNN  -- Authorities in Ecuador have banned alcohol sales in an emergency measure to stop contaminated drinks from reaching consumers after at least 21 people died . Officials announced the 72-hour national dry law Sunday after detecting alcohol poisoning cases in several parts of the country . Hospitals treated more than 100 people who fell ill after drinking bootleg liquor over the past week , the country 's government said , and at least 21 people died as a result of apparent poisoning . Investigators determined that the liquor contained methanol -- an industrial-grade alcohol not intended for human consumption , Ecuador 's Public Health Ministry said . "  It is a potent poison that can in small quantities , including a quarter of a cup , cause the death of the individual that consumes it , " Health Minister David Chiriboga told reporters . The liquor was sold in unlabeled bottles , with no indication of its contents or where it originated , Los Rios Gov. Jesus Narvaez told CNN affiliate Ecuavisa . Doctors in the province first began seeing cases of alcohol poisoning last Tuesday , Ecuador 's government said . By Sunday , 103 patients showing symptoms had showed up at local hospitals . Authorities in Los Rios implemented a curfew , shut down bars and confiscated hundreds of unlabeled bottles containing bootleg alcohol , Ecuavisa reported . The liquor "  was massively consumed " during a festival in the town of Urdaneta , Los Rios , Ecuador 's government said in a statement . The 21 patients who died all haled from Los Rios , but similar poisoning cases have also been reported in at least four other areas , the government said . Authorities have arrested the liquor seller and continue investigating , police said .	NEW : Health minister : The contaminated alcohol contained a "  potent poison " NEW : A province governor says the alcohol came in unlabeled bottles Officials announce a 72-hour national dry law 21 deaths are reported in Los Rios province
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- On the first day of school after the earthquake , Medlika Rameau told her classmates about how she was trapped in the rubble of her house with her mother and little sister . Rameau 's leg was pinned under concrete . Her mother wanted rescuers to amputate her left leg so she could be pulled out . "  I prefer to die with my two legs , " said the 13-year-old Wednesday , looking down at her small feet in flowery flip flops . When she heard her mother screaming and crying , she made one last push to get her leg out and free herself . She managed to escape with a big gash , now neatly bandaged . She recounted her story from a makeshift classroom in the cemetery of a Catholic retreat center in the badly damaged neighborhood of Sainte Marie . For Rameau and 400 other fellow students , Wednesday returned a huge sense of normalcy to their lives : school . While aid groups have been delivering water , food and hygiene items to quake-devastated Haitians , few have received counseling for bearing witness to horror . Among them , tens of thousands of children -- some already impoverished and vulnerable -- who now must live with the added burden of terrible memories . Counselors from Israeli aid agency Natan I-Relief have been training the young teachers at Sainte Marie , who themselves suffered in the earthquake , on how to cope with their experiences . The first step : Talk about it . One by one on Wednesday , each child rose in their makeshift classrooms -- some in the open , some in tents with damaged tables salvaged from the wreckage of their old school . They recounted how they lost mothers , fathers and their homes and they talked about the bleakness of life under a makeshift tent . Many came to school with physical injuries . Psychologist Moshe Farchi described a "  golden month " that was critical in the prevention of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder . If survivors can talk through what they experienced and return to some semblance of routine within a month after tragedy , they are more likely to recover , he said . "  What 's most important is they try to go back to a routine , " said Farchi , whose aid group has been working at the school and Catholic retreat center in Sainte Marie since the earthquake . In that sense , a resumption of classes was vital . Farchi encourages teachers to help the children piece together a chronology of what happened . Otherwise , he said , "  there 's no putting an end to the story . " The next step is to take control of their lives again ; to not think of themselves as victims , but as survivors . Some children were afraid to even use the word earthquake . They called it "  the thing . " It 's another way of avoiding dealing with pain , Farchi said . "  We encourage them to say words like ` earthquake ' and ` falling houses , ' " he said . "  To say that people were killed . " An estimated 5,000 schools in Port-au-Prince were destroyed or damaged in the January 12 earthquake . Some privately run schools that are able to supply a safe space for classes , including Sainte Marie , were allowed to reopen this week . But it will take months to get the school system , among the world 's poorest , up and running again . The students at Sainte Marie were happy to be back in class . Even though their building was gone , school was the only thing about their lives that still seemed the same -- to see their teachers and play with friends . "  It 's as if they were thirsting for school , " said teacher Jacques Junior Mathieu . They have come a long way , said Farchi , who described the children as quiet and reserved the first time he saw them almost three weeks ago . They were afraid to stray far from their parents . They rarely smiled . "  First aid to the soul is no less important than physical wounds and may be much more difficult to attend , " said Amos Radian , the Israeli ambassador to Haiti , visiting the school Wednesday . Radian said the Israelis plan to rebuild the collapsed school and construct a community center that will include a clinic and after-school program . The school bell clanged and the sound of laughter filled the air . Teacher Claire Marie Oculien stepped inside her classroom tent with a warmth she said she has n't felt in a while . She chose this profession because she loves children . She returned to work as soon as she could , despite having lost her home and family members , because she wanted to do her part as a Haitian . "  Without education , there is no future for Haiti . These children are very courageous , " she said after listening to some of their stories . One of her students , Vanessa Saint-Louis , said she was studying when the earth began to shake . The 9-year-old 's mother died and her aunt takes care of her now . Then , she sat back down and rested her head on the shoulder of the girl next to her .	Haitians are receiving aid in form of water , food , but few have received counseling For many children , school is helping to return a sense of normalcy to their lives "  It 's as if they were thirsting for school , " teacher Jacques Junior Mathieu says Some privately run schools that can provide safe classroom space reopened this week
CNN  -- Celebrity publicist Max Clifford was charged Friday with 11 counts of indecent assault against a girl under the age of 16 as part of an investigation into sex abuse allegations against the late British TV presenter Jimmy Savile , according to the Metropolitan Police Service . Clifford was arrested in December on suspicion of sex offenses in connection with the investigation -- dubbed Operation Yewtree -- into numerous allegations made against Savile and others following a documentary that aired in October . In the documentary , several people came forward alleging Savile abused them . The charges against Clifford , who has previously said the claims were "  totally untrue , " include allegations of sex abuse that date between 1966 and 1985 , the police said in a statement . Clifford has been ordered to appear at Westminster Magistrates ' Court on May 28 to answer the charges . Police set up Operation Yewtree to investigate sexual abuse claims after a documentary by broadcaster ITV in October unleashed a flood of allegations against the star , who before that was seen primarily as an eccentric but charismatic man who raised millions of pounds for charity . The investigation has three strands , one involving claims against just Savile , another involving "  Savile and others , " and the third involving only "  others . " The earliest claim against Savile dates back to 1955 and the latest from 2009 , when he was in his 80s . Savile , a popular BBC television personality with his trademark white-blonde hair , was the face of the shows "  Top of the Pops " and "  Jim 'll Fix It . " He died in 2011 . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report .	Max Clifford has been ordered to appear in court on May 28 , police say The allegations against Clifford date between 1966 and 1985 , they say The case is part of the ongoing investigation in sex abuse allegations against Jimmy Savile
Casablanca , Morocco  CNN  -- Security forces in Morocco appear to be intensifying their hard-line crackdown on demonstrators , with a second violent clash over the weekend leaving scores of youths injured . On Sunday there were bloody battles on the streets between a youth movement and police . It was the second weekend in a row that police have beaten protesters with long truncheons . Fevrier 20 , Morocco 's Facebook youth movement , staged a rally in the country 's commercial capital without permission from the government Sunday -- sparking waves of police violence and in some cases panicking from individual officers , according to at least one YouTube video clip that shows an officer kicking and striking an old woman caught in the frenzy at least once with a baton . The same clip shows a young man on the ground being beaten and kicked by officers while other colleagues on motorcycles accelerate through crowds striking protesters with long batons . Mounaim Ouihi , one of the organizers of Sunday 's protest , said 15,000 people gathered in the Sbata district of Casablanca to demand more democratic freedoms , jobs and better social conditions . He said police sealed off streets around the district to block people , swelling the numbers , then sent several 30-strong squads of truncheon-wielding officers charging into the crowd . "  There was a lot of violence , and we are now calling a halt , " Ouihi said . "  This protest has again sent out our message demanding freedom . " Yet perhaps it 's a message that has fallen on deaf ears in Rabat , the country 's administrative capital . The government 's chief spokesman said the demonstration was banned and that police acted in response to what he described as provocative behavior by the protesters . The protesters "  were warned that this protest was illegal but their behavior was provocative , " Communications Minister Khalid Naciri said . He added that there had been counter-protests in Casablanca , Rabat and Fez by citizens who wanted to express their anger at the damage to the Moroccan economy caused by the Fevrier 20 protests . "  We are concerned about the violence used ... We call for restraint in the use of force and respect of fundamental freedoms , " European Union spokesperson Natasha Butler said . " ... We call on Morocco to maintain its track record in allowing citizens to demonstrate peacefully . We are following these demonstrations very closely , and encourage all parties to engage in a peaceful dialogue with a view to finding solutions to the issues raised by the demonstrators . " In Morocco , unlike many other Arab countries , demonstrations are usually permitted , as long as a formal application is made to the state . The youth movement claims it has never applied for permits and it is just recently that the government is using this as a pretext to hit it hard . "  Now we are just a few weeks away from the constitution being announced by the king 's own committee and they do n't want any more protests , " said a protester who wished to be known only as Imad and who was injured in the battle Sunday . Imad claims the police injured "  around 100 people " who took to the streets Sunday as an immediate show of defiance to the previous weekend . Then , Moroccan police quelled a number of protests across the entire country , stopping supporters of the youth movement demonstrating against corruption and demanding more jobs . The May 22 demonstrations ended in a huge number of casualties and arrests . According to Fevrier 20 , some 90 protesters were hurt , six with fractured arms and two with fractured legs . Neither Sunday 's nor May 22 's demonstrations were legal , according to the government .	Protesters say police on motorcycles struck out with truncheons Government spokesman says demonstrators were provocative EU calls for restraint from government Protesters want more freedom , jobs , better conditions
CNN  -- Ecuador has granted Julian Assange asylum out of concern the Wikileaks founder will be politically persecuted if extradited . The decision is a victory for Assange , who is trying to avoid being extradited to Sweden and has been holed up inside Ecuador 's embassy in London for nearly two months . But the bad news for Assange is that British police have refused to grant him safe passage out of the country . The British government has pledged to send Assange to Sweden to face questioning on sex crimes charges , but Ecuador 's foreign minister says if Assange is sent to Sweden , he could then be extradited to the United States to face charges of espionage or treason . More : Ecuador grants Assange asylum Assange and his supporters say a U.S. grand jury is weighing charges against him . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has said that the Justice Department has an "  active , ongoing criminal investigation " into the WikiLeaks disclosure of classified U.S. diplomatic documents . CNN spoke to Paul Whiteway , an ex-British diplomat of more than 30 years and now director of the Independent Diplomat advisory group in London , about where the Assange situation is heading . CNN : Can Assange leave London ? Paul Whiteway : The fact Ecuador has granted political asylum to Assange does n't actually make any real difference . Clearly he is not in Ecuador , he is in the Ecuadorian embassy in London , and for the time being he is able to remain there without being arrested . But he ca n't get to Ecuador without leaving the embassy without being arrested , so in a sense , it 's a standoff . CNN : Could Assange escape by car or by plane ? Whiteway : It 's very unlikely . The embassy only occupies a part of the building , and is not a compound embassy , which has a car park inside it . Vehicles belonging to the embassy enjoy a degree of immunity , so if it was a compound embassy , he could get into the car , which could in theory take him out of the building . But at some point it would have to stop , and he would have to get out of the car and into an airplane , whereupon he would be arrested . But Ecuador 's is not a compound embassy , so as soon as he steps out the door he is liable to be arrested . More : Of all countries , why choose Ecuador ? Immunity would in theory apply to an Ecuadorian airplane , but that plane would have to have permission to land that the British government would not give . It 's really hard to see how that could work . Also , that sort of subterfuge would be regarded as such a blatant disregarding of the convention on diplomatic relations that the bilateral relationship between Britain and Ecuador would mean even further damage to Ecuador 's interests in the UK . More : Timeline of Assange 's extradition battle CNN : Is there anything British police can do ? Whiteway : All they can do is wait and watch . In theory the foreign secretary could make use of a 1987 act of Parliament to end to the inviolability of the Ecuadorian embassy , but this would take authorities into a gray area . Theoretically , this legislation is to be invoked in cases connected to public safety , national security , or town and country planning . Clearly Assange fits into none of those categories , and it 's unlikely the British police will be going into the embassy anytime soon . CNN : Is there a precedent for marching into another country 's embassy ? Whiteway : While authorities could theoretically test the 1987 law , I ca n't think of any instance in this country where a government entered the premises of a mission  embassy  without permission from the head of the mission . The reasons for that are clear : Britain does n't want to have itself in a situation where foreign governments can just march into its embassies overseas and arrest people . Diplomatic relations are established on the basis of reciprocity , and that is very important . CNN : How have Britain and Ecuador handled the Assange issue ? Whiteway : In Britain , I suspect that in the Foreign Office there may be a slight sense of regret that they included a paragraph in their letter  to Ecuador  about the 1987 law  informing officials they had the legal wherewithal to enter the embassy and take Assange  , because clearly it stung the Ecuadorians in a way . More : Why Assange 's own country wo n't intervene But I think it was always going to be a long haul to get this issue resolved , given that President Rafael Correa is quite sympathetic to what Julian Assange stands for ; given that he had already been on the record publicly saying he was in favour of granting Assange asylum . It was always going to be difficult for him to walk away from that without losing face . CNN : Can Assange stay in the embassy forever ? Whiteway : I do n't think Mr. Assange is going to be going anywhere , let alone Ecuador , for the time being . There was the case in Hungary of the bishop who sought refuge in the U.S. embassy for 15 years , so some cases can take literally years to resolve . CNN : What will the atmosphere be like in the embassy ? Whiteway : I 'm sure they will have made him as comfortable as possible in the circumstances as they possible can . But it 's a big distraction from their day job , and it 's awkward having someone who 's not on the diplomatic staff actually inside your embassy for any length of time , let alone for periods of months , so there is a price to pay from the embassy 's point of view . Opinion : Assange 's stubborn grip hurt WikiLeaks Information from CNN Wires was used in this report .	Ecuador grants asylum to Julian Assange , who is holed up in Ecuador 's London embassy British police refuse to grant Wikileaks founder safe passage out of country Whiteway : No precedent in UK for entering another country 's embassy Whiteway : Such a move would further damage Ecuador-UK relations
CNN  -- Formula One 's highest-paid driver Fernando Alonso is splashing out on his own team but his new venture relies on pedal power instead of horsepower . The double Formula One world champion , who earns over $ 30 million a year according to Forbes , has decided to save the cash-strapped Spanish Euskaltel Euskadi cycling team . "  We are pleased to announce that the Spanish sportsman has reached an initial agreement to buy the cycling team and so avoid its demise , " said a statement on Alonso 's personal website . Euskaltel added in a statement : "  During the next few weeks negotiations will be finalized -LSB- to -RSB- formally give Alonso the acquisition of Basque Pro Cycling , which owns the team . "  The agreement guarantees the continuity of the Euskaltel Euskadi team in the elite of world cycling from 2014 . "  This guarantees a new future ... Euskaltel wants to thank and emphasize respect , understanding and love that Fernando Alonso has shown for the team , its practitioners , its historical legacy and his hobby . " Euskaltel Euskadi was famous for only employing riders born in the Basque region of northern Spain -- as well its bright orange cycling lycra team kit . The team changed its selection criteria in 2012 and now employs riders from other regions of Spain as well as Slovenia , Morocco , Germany and Russian . But the team feared it would have to quit cycling 's World Tour at the end of the 2013 season after losing sponsorship from the Basque authorities because of the economic downturn in Spain . The team confirmed to CNN that Eustkaltel , the leading telecommunications company in the Basque region , had paid more than 7m euros to keep the team going in 2013 but could not afford to continue to fund the team alone next season . " Alonso 's decision to step in and spend some of his annual salary from Ferrari has effectively saved the team . The racer has been motivated by patriotism as well as his other passion -- cycling . Two-wheeled racers The 32 year old Spaniard regularly cycles as part of his training regime and he is not alone in his passion for cycling within F1 's fraternity . Red Bull racer Mark Webber is also a keen amateur cyclist , although the Australian broke his leg after being knocked off his bike before the 2009 F1 season . McLaren 's Jenson Button and Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg both ride as part of their triathlon training while French four time world champion Alain Prost says cycling has become his "  all consuming passion " since quitting F1 . Alonso , who chose to move back from Switzerland to Spain in part to help his homeland through its economic crisis , now plans to help turn around the fortunes of the Euskaltel team . "  As of today we will start to work against the clock , " the statement on the racer 's website said . "  With maximum effort and humility , and transferring the best of our professional experience , in order to be capable of starting the first races of the 2014 season with a new team , full of desire and with a fighting spirit . "	Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso agrees a deal to buy the Spanish Euskaltel Euskadi cycling team The Formula One driver plans to start work building a new team for 2014 Euskaltel did not have funding to continue racing next season The team was famous for only employing riders born in the Basque region of Spain
CNN  -- You may have never heard of Lavabit and Silent Circle . That 's because they offered encrypted  secure  e-mail services , something most Americans have probably never thought about needing , or wanting . In recent days , Lavabit closed shop reportedly in response to U.S. government pressure to hand over customer data , including those of Edward Snowden , who used the e-mail provider . Silent Circle , which is used by activists , journalists and diplomats , shut down its e-mail service on its own volition because it wanted to prevent spying . While these small companies have the courage to stand up for their customers ' privacy , big companies like Google and Microsoft and others seem to be on the sidelines . Opinion : The Internet is a surveillance state We seem to be of several minds about government surveillance of our communications . Most people want privacy . But most people want the government , at least in justified cases , to be able to read the e-mail of those legitimately suspected of planning serious crimes . And most people also find the details of electronic surveillance worrying and complicated , and would prefer not to think about them at all . It 's easier to stick your head in the sand . But that would be a mistake . E-mail privacy matters because our intellectual privacy matters . The ability to confidentially share ideas and information between friends , confidantes and loved ones is the hallmark of a free society . Our communications are the foundation of our political freedoms . They must be inaccessible to the government unless it can prove to a neutral judge that surveillance is warranted , which means more than "  relevance " to an investigation and more than mere curiosity . Opinion : NSA secrets kill our trust Governments that have the power to secretly watch their citizens and are not subject to meaningful legal constraint have proven , time and time again , that this power can be abused . Just look at our own history . J. Edgar Hoover 's FBI put the Rev. Martin Luther King under surveillance , seeking to discredit him politically . This was part of a broader program called COINTELPRO . Hoover told FBI agents to "  expose , disrupt , misdirect , discredit , or otherwise neutralize " the activities of a wide range of individuals and groups , including communists , civil rights organizations , anti-Vietnam War groups , and so on . When earlier this year Edward Snowden leaked to the world NSA 's massive surveillance programs such as PRISM and Boundless Informant , we were shocked . But more revelations kept coming . Just the other day , the Washington Post reported that the NSA had broken its own permissive rules on surveillance thousands of times each year since 2008 . This is unacceptable . A society that can not trust its citizens with ideas -- dissenting , different , or even dangerous -- is a society that is incapable of governing itself . It 's in this context that we should understand the importance of the recent closures of Lavabit and Silent Circle 's e-mail service . Our government has the power to secretly compel e-mail providers to allow surveillance . These secret powers are frequently subject to minimal legal checks , and they allow the government to put gag orders on e-mail providers who object to turning over the records of their customers ' communications . When e-mail providers build their systems in ways to ensure privacy  such as by not collecting metadata or by using strong encryption  , they come under government pressure , as Lavabit found out to its dismay . How can we protect e-mail privacy in ways that give the government the power  subject to the meaningful rule of law  to investigate serious crimes ? We could let the government record everything , see everything and know everything . This seems to be the position of some government officials , but it would be the end of privacy  and self-government  as we know it . If we know the state is watching , we will censor what we do , what we say , and possibly even what we think . On the other hand , we could put our communications under strong legal or technological protection  like cryptography  subject to no government access . This would guarantee strong privacy , but it could unreasonably handicap the government from legitimate law enforcement and counter-terrorism purposes . There is a middle way . We should presume the privacy of e-mail and other communications , and we should require the government to get warrants supported by probable cause before it can read our mail , track our movements and use our communications data to construct a map of everyone we know and when we talk to them . This is the traditional way we 've protected communications privacy , and it 's a good way . But this requires recognizing a few things . Total surveillance of our communications is illegitimate , but so is secret surveillance . In a democracy committed to civil liberties , the basic contours of government power must be known by the people , so that the people can agree to them . It 's not enough for government agencies to raise the specter of public safety and say "  trust us . " A common response to this argument is the idea that making government surveillance powers public makes it easier for criminals and terrorists to commit crimes , and harder for the police to do their jobs . This is correct , but we need to acknowledge that privacy is a civil liberty , and civil liberties are inefficient . We tolerate free speech , the freedom from searches and seizures , jury trials , and the privilege against self-incrimination  among others  in spite of these costs because we 've learned the hard way that the alternative is worse . Governments that are too efficient abuse their powers , often by trampling political dissent and civil liberties . It 's the difference between a police state and a free state . We ca n't ignore the threat to our civil liberties by giving the government vast powers any more than we can ignore the fact that we live in a dangerous world . Striking the right balance might be hard , but it is part of the price we have to pay for political freedom . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Neil Richards .	Lavabit , a secure e-mail service , chose to shut down rather than give customer data to the state Neil Richards : E-mail privacy matters because our intellectual privacy matters He says time and again governments that secretly watch their citizens abuse power Richards : In a democracy with civil liberties , people have a right to know about surveillance
Washington  CNN  In his upcoming State of the Union speech , President Barack Obama will call on Congress to simplify a tax code he deems overly complicated and weighted toward wealthy Americans , administration officials said Saturday . The moves -- likely to meet resistance from Republicans in Congress -- are meant to pay for the long slate of new programs the President began laying out two weeks ago designed to bolster the middle class , including offering two free years of community college to qualified students . Obama 's aides have been seeking ways to expand a robust economic recovery beyond top earners , who have been buoyed by record closes on Wall Street . Despite reams of positive economic news , most Americans still say economic conditions in the country are only fair . And , if they see improvement , they are n't crediting the White House . "  The middle class has yet to experience the prosperity shown in the recovery , and what you 'll see Tuesday night is the vision for finishing that job , " a senior administration official said . Obama is set to propose Tuesday a $ 500 tax credit for married couples who each hold jobs ; the intention , officials say , is to help alleviate the costs of child care and commuting that lead some spouses -- usually women -- to determine it makes more financial sense to stop working . He 'll also spell out ways to simplify the way taxpayers apply for education and child care credits , including increasing the top child care credit to $ 3,000 . The total cost for the new provisions : $ 235 billion , according to administration officials , who spoke anonymously ahead of the plan 's official unveiling . For the first time since becoming president , all of Obama 's changes would need to be approved both by a GOP House and a Senate with a new Republican majority . Looking to increase capital gains rate To pay for the changes , the administration is proposing about $ 320 billion in new revenue over the next decade . Obama wants to wring more taxes from investment income -- capital gains and dividends -- which are taxed at a lower rate than ordinary earnings . Since wealthy Americans are more likely to derive income from investments , they 'd bear the overwhelming weight of a higher rate on that type of profit . The tax rate for capital gains now stands at 20 % for the highest-earning Americans . Officials said Saturday that Obama will call for that rate to increase to 28 % for those taxpayers . He will ask lawmakers to close a loophole allowing capital gains on inherited funds to go untaxed -- a so-called "  trust fund " loophole the White House says allows billions of dollars in capital gains to go untapped by the government every year . "  This proposal is doing what it is intended to do , which is to make sure that the large , accumulated , unearned wealth of the wealthiest Americans is actually subject to tax , " an Obama administration official said . "  We are quite confident that we can do this in a way that achieves that objective while in fact helping middle-class families by putting those resources to better use . " The arguments against raising tax rates on investment income are well established : opponents argue it poses a "  double tax " scenario , since the corporate profits that drive stock prices are already subject to taxes . And they stress some portion of investment gains is driven by inflation . But Republicans are n't necessarily opposed to altering how investment income is taxed : last year 's proposal from the top Republican on the House tax writing committee , Rep. Dave Camp , called for applying ordinary income tax rates on 60 % of capital gains and excluding the other 40 % altogether . That put the top rate at 21 % . In his speech Tuesday , Obama also plans to all for a new fee on large financial institutions which administration officials estimated would bring in $ 110 billion ; Camp 's plan called for an excise tax on large banks . "  I would say that a number of the ideas that the President is outlining in this new proposal do have -- already have -- clear congressional bipartisan support , " a senior administration official said Saturday . Republicans were dismissive of the tax initiatives unveiled Saturday evening . "  This is not a serious proposal , " Brendan Buck , spokesman for House Ways and Means Chairman Paul Ryan , told CNN . "  We lift families up and grow the economy with a simpler , flatter tax code , not big tax increases to pay for more Washington spending . " Obama has spent the last two weeks offering up an advance look at his State of the Union address , including the community college proposal , a plan to expand high-speed Internet and reducing rates of federally backed mortgages . The early look is meant to introduce Americans to each scheme individually , said administration aides , who determined the yearly laundry-list of plans -- combined with updates on America 's foreign policy -- was n't digestible during a single prime-time event . That does n't mean , however , the speech will necessarily be any shorter than the 65-minute address Obama delivered last year . "  It will still be a healthy speech in terms of breadth and length , " one official said . Why Obama 's going to India after his State of the Union speech	Republicans criticize tax initiatives Obama to unveil new tax proposals during Tuesday 's State of the Union New plan would offer middle-class credits ; wring more from rich Plan needs approval from Republican-controlled Congress
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama will undergo a routine medical examination at a hospital in the Indian capital on Tuesday , his spokesman Tenzin Taklha told CNN Sunday . The Dalai Lama with French first lady Carla Bruni-Sarkozy on a recent visit to France . The check-up in New Delhi is likely to take several hours , but the Dalai Lama will not be admitted to the hospital , the spokesman said . The Dalai Lama , who lives in exile in the north Indian hill town of Dharamsala , will travel to the Indian capital on Monday . The 73-year-old Tibetan leader was hospitalized in Mumbai in August for abdominal discomfort . Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama will undergo a routine medical examination at a hospital in the Indian capital on Tuesday .	Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama will undergo a medical exam this week Dalai Lama was recently admitted for tests after suffering abdominal discomfort The check-up in New Delhi is likely to take several hours
CNN  -- What 's in a gesture ? A gesture of support for a friend , a gesture that is "  anti-system , " says French footballer Nicolas Anelka , who chose to celebrate his goal-scoring performance in an English Premier League game last weekend with a movement that has sparked controversy not just in the sporting world but also the political . Known as the "  quenelle , " it involves pointing the right arm straight down and touching that arm with the left hand . Anelka explained that Saturday 's celebration was nothing more than a nod to his friend , controversial French comedian Dieudonne M'Bala M'Bala , who has popularized the gesture in France . But others believe the gesture is a Nazi salute in reverse , and it has been linked to rising anti-Semitism in France -- a charge over which Dieudonne faces an investigation by the Paris prosecutor 's office . During a performance , Dieudonne said of a prominent Jewish journalist : "  Me , you see , when I hear Patrick Cohen speak , I think to myself : ` Gas chambers ... too bad  they no longer exist  . " Whatever you think the "  quenelle " is , Anelka and Dieudonne are provoking huge controversy on both sides of the English channel . There have been demands that English football 's governing body severely punishes the former France international forward . In France , Dieudonne 's right to perform his controversial show has become a touchstone for "  freedom of speech " advocates . Fractured society "  This gesture was just a special dedication to my comedian friend Dieudonne , " Anelka explained on his Twitter page as accusations of anti-Semitism seethed around him following the match between his club West Bromwich Albion and West Ham . "  The  meaning  of  quenelle : anti-system . I do not know what the word religion has to do with this story ! "  Of course , I am neither racist nor anti-Semitic . " Anelka is not the only sports star to be embroiled in controversy as photographs emerged of other French athletes -- basketball superstar Tony Parker plus footballers Samir Nasri and Mamadou Sakho , who like Anelka play in England -- making the "  quenelle . " All three have apologized for any offense caused . But the furore has shone a light on signs of an increasingly fractious French society . Daniel Makonnen , spokesman for LICRA -- International League Against Racism and Anti-Semitism -- which is fighting fighting racial discrimination , told CNN that there was a 59 % rise in anti-Semitic attacks in 2012 . According to the French Interior Ministry , there were 1,539 racist and anti-Semitic attacks in 2012 , a rise of 22 % . He also explained that Anelka 's use of the "  quenelle " blurred the lines between what is anti-establishmentarianism and anti-Semitism . "  It is a way of Anelka boosting his image as a controversial person , " Makonnen said . "  In France people are taking sides . Are you for or against establishment ? The fact that Anelka is doing the quenelle ... "  Originally it was used by Dieudonne in his first shows . But the ` quenelle ' has been used in front of Auschwitz and in front of the  Jewish  school in Toulouse , " added Makonnen , referring to the Ohr Torah school where three children and a teacher were murdered last year . "  If you look closer these people say they are willing to fight the system , but it 's a system they say is controlled by Jewish people . " Powder keg Philippe Auclair , the England correspondent of France Football magazine , said that Anelka and Nasri 's support for anti-establishment views were very much in vogue in France . "  The idea that you are against the system invariably means that you are against anyone who disagrees with your point of view , " he told CNN . "  It has little to do with social or ethnic origin . You have young , white middle-class men and women saying the same thing . "  When I go back to France it is like there are two parallel universes ; a government that is widely perceived as incompetent , with a social situation that is like a powder keg . "  Ultra-nationalism is on the rise and it has become completely acceptable to be openly anti-Semitic and to say that there is a global Zionist conspiracy . " Anelka also received short shrift from another French sports writer Erik Bielderman . "  Anelka portrays himself as an anti-establishment hero but this is an anti-establishment hero who is pictured emerging from his Rolls-Royce at the entrance to London Heliport and has appeared in an advert in France for the hamburger restaurant chain Quick , " wrote Bielderman in Britain 's Daily Mail newspaper . Dieudonne congratulated Anelka on Twitter for using the "  quenelle " to celebrate his goal against West Ham , which has a zero-tolerance policy on anti-Semitic chants at its stadium -- prompted by racist abuse the club 's fans aimed at the supporters of London rival Tottenham in 2012 . The 46-year-old Dieudonne , who ran in the European elections as an anti-Zionist , has been fined several times in France for anti-Semitic commentary . The French government said this month it wants to ban his live performances . "  Dieudonne uses anti-Semitic discourse in his shows in the sense of fighting Zionism , " Makonnen explained . "  He says he has Jewish friends . He is against Zionists who he says have power . "  He releases videos on YouTube and gets millions of views in 24 hours . YouTube is subject to American law . If those videos were published under French law those videos would be deleted . "  Dieudonne is very popular . He is very smart . People say it is hard to speak your mind in France because political power is too strong . " Meanwhile Anelka must wait to hear what the English Football Association decides to do . "  The club fully acknowledges that Nicolas ' goal celebration has caused offense in some quarters and has asked Nicolas not to perform the gesture again . Nicolas immediately agreed to adhere to this request , " his employer West Bromwich Albion said on Monday . What 's in a gesture ? Anelka could yet find out to his cost .	French footballer Nicolas Anelka has caused a storm by using the "  quenelle " gesture as a goal celebration The gesture was created by controversial French comedian Dieudonne M'Bala M'Bala The quenelle has been linked to rising anti-Semitism in France Figures from 2012 show a 59 % rise in anti-Semitic attacks
CNN  -- Prominent Chinese-Australian artist Guo Jian has arrived in Sydney after being deported from China where he was held by police for 15 days following his comments on the 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square military crackdown . Guo arrived at Sydney Airport early Tuesday morning and told awaiting media that he was "  happy to be back here . " Chinese-born Guo , 52 , previously lived in Australia for nearly two decades . He returned to Beijing in 2005 to live and work . According to a spokesman from Australia 's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade , Chinese authorities said Guo was detained and deported due to visa irregularities . Guo was detained on June 1 of this year after a profile of him was published in the Financial Times featuring his latest work : a billiard table-sized diorama of Tiananmen Square covered in 160 kilograms of ground pork , evoking memories of the bloody suppression of protesters in 1989 . Guo was an active participant in the 1989 demonstrations , which lasted weeks and culminated in Chinese troops opening fire on a largely student crowd which had occupied the central Beijing landmark . In the FT article , Guo was highly critical of the People 's Liberation Army : "  The army is regarded as a loveable institution . But at Tiananmen I realized it 's not , they will kill you if ordered to , " he was quoted as saying . Two days after the article was published , Guo was taken from his Beijing home . Detentions were on the rise ahead of the 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen massacre , which was on June 4 . Authorities across the country arrested a number of prominent dissidents and critics of the government , many of whom are still being held .	After being held by Beijing police for more than two weeks , Guo Jian is deported to Australia The artist created a miniature model of Beijing landmark Tiananmen Square and covered it in ground meat A former participant of the 1989 student demonstrations at the square , Guo is highly critical of Chinese army
CNN  The difference between the scale of the European terrorist threat and the threat in the United States was underlined by Wednesday 's arrest of Christopher Lee Cornell , a 20-year-old Ohio resident , who had been monitored by an FBI informant and was allegedly plotting an attack , inspired by ISIS , against the U.S. Capitol . One day after Cornell 's arrest Belgian authorities took down a group they believed was plotting imminent attacks , resulting in a battle with the suspects who opened fire with military weaponry and handguns . Two of the suspects were killed . Some members of the group had reportedly returned from fighting in Syria with ISIS . The two cases could hardly be more different . In Ohio , we saw the arrest of a classic lone wolf allegedly inspired by ISIS with aspirations to carry out an attack but scant capabilities , while in Belgium we saw the takedown of what appears to have been an ISIS cell with serious capacities for attack . This contrast can also be seen if we carefully analyze the tactics and characteristics of last week 's Paris attacks and compare them with the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013 . In Paris jihadist terrorists killed 17 people in a series of attacks , beginning with the assault on the offices of Charlie Hebdo , followed by the killing of a policewoman and a hostage-taking in a kosher grocery . The attacks received sustained global media coverage throughout the three days that they unfolded . In addition to the three shooters , at least a dozen others are suspected of some kind of involvement in the Paris attacks . The attackers had a substantial weapons cache , including assault rifles , Molotov cocktails , a grenade and even a rocket-propelled grenade . They also had bulletproof vests . Two of the attackers had traveled to Yemen , where they received training from Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . The attacks in Paris were the most deadly by jihadists in Europe in a decade . The terrorists adopted so-called Fedayeen -- "  those who sacrifice themselves " -- tactics in which armed men assault targets with the intention of fighting to the death to prolong the battle as long as possible , thereby maximizing media coverage and the number of casualties . The most deadly example of such an attack were the assaults in Mumbai , India , in 2008 by 10 Pakistani Lashkar-e-Taiba operatives , which killed 166 people . Similar to those in Paris , the Mumbai attacks involved multiple targets , the operatives were armed with assault rifles , and the men had received training from a terrorist organization . The Mumbai attacks lasted four days , and they were intensively covered by media from around the world . On the other end of the spectrum , the Boston Marathon bombing provides an example of a less sophisticated attempt at a Fedayeen-style attack . On April 15 , 2013 , Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev allegedly detonated two bombs along the route of the Boston Marathon , killing three people . Three days later the Tsarnaevs allegedly shot and killed a police officer at the campus of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , and in the early morning of April 19 the Tsarnaevs had an intense firefight with police in which Tamerlan was killed and Dzhokhar was wounded and later taken into custody . As was the case in Paris , the Boston bombers had multiple targets , and the attackers appear to have intended to conduct attacks until they died . However , the bombers were not trained abroad by a terrorist group ; they were not part of a larger group of conspirators , and they were not as well-armed as the Paris conspirators . The Paris terrorists were more sophisticated in their tactics and training than the Boston bombers , but the Paris attacks were far less sophisticated than the attacks in Mumbai . The terrorists in Mumbai received direction on their cell phones throughout their assault from their commanders who were manning a control room in Pakistan . The Mumbai attacks also involved a larger number of people -- the 10 gunmen who infiltrated India as well as many others who provided training and support from Pakistan during the attack . The Paris attacks were , in short , a hybrid of the terrorist tactics that we saw in Boston with the tactics we saw in Mumbai . U.S. security officials warn that the United States is at risk of similar attacks to those that occurred in Paris . Attorney General Eric Holder told CNN 's State of the Union , "  What we saw in France over the course of this last week is unfortunately what we 're going to have to confront in the future . " The United States is certainly at risk of some version of a Paris-like attack using Fedayeen-style tactics . After all , a much-less sophisticated version -- the Boston attacks in 2013 -- has already happened . However , the history of jihadist plots inside the United States since 9/11 suggests that the combination of terrorist characteristics and tactics that we saw in the Paris attacks would be unusual in the United States . In none of the deadly attacks conducted in the United States since 9/11 have the participants received training from terrorist organizations abroad . Carlos Bledsoe , who killed a U.S. soldier in Little Rock , Arkansas , in 2009 ; Maj. Nidal Hasan , who killed 13 at Fort Hood , Texas , the same year ; and the Boston bombers were all so-called lone wolves , none of whom had training or direction from a terrorist organization . These are in marked contrast with France . As The New York Times notes thousands of French citizens have traveled to fight in Syria or Iraq and 200 have returned , a far less manageable challenge than the 150 or so Americans who have reportedly gone or attempted to go to fight in the Syrian conflict . Of those Americans , only about a dozen have joined jihadist groups , according to FBI Director James Comey . This is not to say that Holder 's warnings should be dismissed . Firearms are , of course , widely available in the United States , and one can certainly imagine a jihadist group forming to conduct an armed assault . A few such plots involving more than one or two lone wolves have been foiled in the United States -- although none in the past few years . In 2009 , for instance , the FBI arrested a group of seven men in North Carolina led by Daniel Boyd , who had amassed firearms and plotted attacks in the United States . The plot was foiled because informants had long monitored it after Boyd 's activities came to the FBI 's attention in 2005 . Perhaps the closest the United States came to seeing an armed assault similar to the one in Paris was in 2005 when Kevin James , Levar Washington , Hammad Riaz Samana and Gregory Patterson plotted attacks on a number of locations in California , including synagogues . The group was arrested after law enforcement linked the members to a robbery . The militants had no links to foreign terrorist organizations . Nor is the United States immune to plotting by individuals with training by terrorist groups abroad . In 2009 , three men -- Najibullah Zazi , Zarein Ahmedzay and Adis Medunjanin -- all of whom received weapons training in Pakistan 's tribal areas , plotted to bomb the New York subway but were arrested before they could do so . Similarly , in 2010 , Faisal Shahzad , who was trained in Pakistan , tried to blow up an SUV in Times Square . The bomb failed to detonate properly . Given this history , it would be unwise to ignore Holder 's warnings of the potential of Paris-like attacks inside the United States . However , there are real differences between the scale of the threat from terrorists in the United States compared with the scale of the threat in France , and American policymakers and commentators should be careful to make those differences clear when speaking to the public .	Attorney General Eric Holder has warned of Paris-like attacks in the United States Peter Bergen says so far attacks have been less sophisticated domestically than in Europe
RS  -- After launching her Caesars Palace residency last December with a series of sold-out dates , Shania Twain , country music 's biggest-selling female artist of all time , is returning to Vegas for another series of dates that kick off October 15th and run through mid-December . With the show entering its second year , Twain can turn her attention to her next album , her first since 2002 's "  Up ! . " Speaking to Rolling Stone from her longtime home of Switzerland , the superstar tells us she has most of the songs in place for the next record and is gearing up to find a producer and define the sound of the album . How is the album coming ? I 'm pretty much there with my songs , and I 'm really just sitting on the fence in regards to a producer . So I 'm listening to a lot of records , doing my homework there , and trying to determine who is the right match . Are there people who stand out to you as you listen to records ? This is last year , but I 'm really stuck on Lana Del Rey . I 've been listening to that one a lot more and kind of stuck on the sound of that record . I really love "  Raising Sand " as well -- Alison Krauss and Robert Plant . So that goes to show you how lost I am as far as production direction , because I 'm listening to such a broad spectrum . Both of those productions really appeal to me , and the direction that they took -- just trying to get ideas for myself . Best Albums of 2013 : Mid-Year Report Is there more internal pressure because it has been so long ? Yeah , of course . I do want it to be perfect , and I want it to be something that I really enjoy and a product of my inspiration -- not a product of necessarily anything I 've done before or anyone I 've been before in regards to making records , because it 's been a long time . I 'm different , I 've evolved , and I want that to be reflected in the music . At the same time I do n't want to abandon the root of what I am . So it 's just really determining where am I really at and just looking through that . It 's not as obvious as it seems it should be . What are the songs that have really jumped out at you , and what can you tell us about the ones you have so far ? There are probably less upbeat songs . I would say it 's more half and half compared to what I would 've done in the past , where I would 've leaned more towards mostly uptempo songs . I still want to remain positive with my lyrics and stay in that mode with my music , because I enjoy uplifting myself , if you will , with my songs . But at the same time I 'm going deeper , and I 'm being more realistic with my point of view on things . It 's really such a personal journey making a record , but even more so writing the songs . And you feel a bit obsessed about them at this stage as well , I think , because until they get to a producer they 're still yours , at this stage where I 'm at now . So maybe letting go is going to be a little bit difficult , and I know that when I involve a producer that 's sort of what will happen to a degree . Of course I 'll remain very involved , but I guess I 've just got to get out there and meet these producers face-to-face and talk through . I 've just got to get myself to that next stage . ` Raising Sand ' was produced by T Bone Burnett . I 'd love to see that collaboration , but there are so many good producers out there . There 's a lot of choice . It 's overwhelming , and it 's overwhelming trying to pinpoint who to go with on this project , because it will determine a lot of the direction , and I 'm committing myself . It 's that fear of committing myself once and for all and locking myself in . That 's what scares me the most , really . And I 've had a lot of fun just being creative with it and just floating around , changing my mind . And that 's part of the whole thing of being creative -- until you commit , you can change your mind and rewrite it and create a new melody and change the story . And at some point that 's got to end . And that is the point when you actually make the records . So letting go of that phase of it is probably my biggest hesitation . On the Charts : Luke Bryan Edges Out John Mayer Any chance you 'll preview new material in Vegas ? I think it 's too soon . I probably could start doing that , but I do n't want to get locked into a performance mode with a song , either , until I 've taken it a little further down the line . Just talking it through , like we 're doing now , does help . And it gets me in that mindset . It 's probably the right time now to start taking it more seriously as far as getting into the studio , especially since I 'm finished producing the show . The show took well over a year to put together , so that was a production in itself , like making a record . You had to write the whole story -- literally wrote the show out like a script , worked through the production and had the technical side of it and eventually delivered it . So I 'm only recently freed up from going into one production and just getting geared up to go into another one , which should be the record . Were there tours or performances that inspired you in creating this Vegas show ? What we can do in that room I really would n't be able to do anywhere else -- certainly not tour with it , because the technology is so sophisticated you ca n't really move around with it . So the joy of having that high-end technology and taking advantage of that was a huge part of the excitement for me , and the margins where I can go and take it are just so broad in comparison to touring . So I wrote the show with all of that in mind , knowing I would have all this technology available -- this great room , the acoustics and this giant stage and everything like that . So I almost shot it more like a music video , all of my more iconic music videos or images , and based it from there . I wanted to bring those more alive , so I used that as the influence in regards to the fashion and the look of things . I want it to be familiar to people as well . I want them to reminisce , but I wanted them to see things in a more refreshed , contemporary way . Then there was the fun part of picking the director and giving them all my ideas , my wish list , and asking them all , "  Which ones do you think you can realize , and how would you make them happen ? " And then the spine of the show was the song list . I want people to hear the songs they know . I want people to hear the hits and I want them to be satisfied in that regard . It always disappoints me when I go to a concert and they do n't play my favorite song , or at least one of their biggest hits . That process , for me , even without being the performer , was a fantastic experience , and really the big reason why I did n't plunge into the record right away . I needed that year just to write the show , to create it and build it . I know you 've seen a lot of shows of late as well . What blew you away ? Sting I 've seen a few times and he really inspired me , in the sense that he breaks the songs down a lot and will take a different approach . He 'll take an acoustic approach to them , he 'll rearrange them for the live stage . And I thought , "  I really admire someone taking the license to do that , owning that . " I played around with that a little bit in the show as well , so that was an influence . I really admire artists that are willing to take a different approach and a different angle to their shows . So I did some of that . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Shania Twain is working on her first album since 2002 's "  Up ! " The singer says she has most of the songs in place and is looking at producers Over the last year , she 's listened to a lot of Lana Del Rey The new album will show Twain 's evolution while holding on to her roots
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Ben Affleck 's children are "  freaked out " by photographers who camp near their home and follow them in public , the actor said . Affleck and his wife , Jennifer Garner , hope a beefed-up California law with keep the paparazzi at a distance when it takes effect on New Year 's Day . "  My kids are n't celebrities , " Affleck said in a wide-ranging Playboy interview . "  They never made that bargain . " The law , which Garner joined Halle Berry to lobby for , doubles to a year the jail time a photographer can get for harassment that "  seriously alarms , annoys , torments , or terrorizes " children . The law applies to children under 16 who are photographed because of their parent 's occupation . "  The tragic thing is , people who see those pictures naturally think it 's sweet , " Affleck said . "  They do n't see the gigantic former gang member with a huge lens standing over a 4-year-old and screaming to get the kid 's attention . " Affleck and Garner have three children : Violet , 8 , Serafina , 5 next month , and Samuel , who turns 2 in February . "  The kids are always looking down because they 're freaked out and scared of these people , " Affleck said . "  And so they yell . Which is fine if you 're Lindsay Lohan coming out of a club , or me , or any adult . With kids , it 's tasteless at best . " Affleck recounted a case five years ago when a man was charged with stalking his family after hiding among the pack of paparazzi that followed his children to nursery school . The stalker "  who had threatened to kill me , my wife and our kids showed up at the school and got arrested , " he said . "  I mean , there are real practical dangers to this . " A Los Angeles judge ruled the man was mentally incompetent to stand trial . He was committed to a mental health institution and ordered to stay away from the family for 10 years . The California law does not punish websites , newspapers or magazines for publishing photos of children taken in violation of the law . "  A lot of these photographs are being bought by legitimate magazines , " Affleck said . "  In the UK , they have a good system : If you take a kid 's picture , you have to blur out the face . It protects the privacy of children , any child . I wish we would do that here , though I do n't expect it . " He wants a "  bubble of safety " around his children , with cameras staying at least 100 feet away , he said . "  They all have 300-millimeter lenses . I 'm a photographer myself , and I can tell you with complete confidence that you can get a fine picture . "	"  My kids are n't celebrities . They never made that bargain , " Affleck tells Playboy He wants a "  bubble of safety " around his children , with cameras at least 100 feet away California outlaws photography that "  seriously alarms , annoys , torments , or terrorizes " children A stalker who threatened to kill Affleck 's family hid among photographers , actor says
CNN  -- Ground-to-air missiles at the 2012 Olympic Games ? It 's not a new sport added to the London line-up , but proof that Britain 's government is taking security seriously . Defense secretary Phillip Hammond has confirmed that such weapons will be at the disposal of those tasked with ensuring public safety at the UK capital 's summer showpiece . He told parliament that a full range of options would be available for protecting the Games , which kick off on July 27 . Hammond was asked by his predecessor , Liam Fox , to confirm if a "  full range of multilayered defense and deterrents " would be on hand , including surface-to-air missiles . "  I can assure him that all necessary measures to ensure the security and safety of the London Olympic Games will be taken including -- if the advice of the military is that it is required -- appropriate ground-to-air defenses , " Hammond replied . Earlier on Monday , British newspaper The Guardian had claimed the United States was planning to send 1,000 security personnel , including FBI agents , to the Olympics after developing concerns about arrangements . The paper said that the UK government is having to field more and more questions on security from its U.S. counterpart , with one source saying of the White House : "  They are being very demanding . " It also claimed the London Organizing Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games has decided to more than double the amount of security guards protecting the 32 Olympic sites across the country to 21,000 from 10,000 . The Guardian quoted the UK Home Office , responsible for home security , as saying its Olympic planning was "  on track " and that the funding was in place . "  The government is committed to delivering a safe and secure Games that London , the UK and the world can enjoy , " a spokesman said .	MP tells British parliament ground-to-air missiles available to protect London 2012 Defense secretary Phillip Hammond says a range of security options are available British newspaper had claimed the U.S. was unhappy with planned level of security
CNN  -- Rebels in an unstable part of the Democratic Republic of Congo have until Thursday afternoon to hand in their weapons to U.N. peacekeepers or risk being disarmed by force . The ultimatum comes amid the latest flare up of unrest in central Africa 's volatile Great Lakes region . The 19,000-strong U.N. peacekeeping mission in the country , MONUSCO , issued the deadline on Tuesday . It 's the first time it has said it will use its troops there to implement a security area around the city of Goma , by the border with Rwanda . Sitting on the shore of Lake Kivu , the city has been at the center of clashes in the region over the past year between the M23 rebel group and Congolese government troops that have displaced more than 100,000 people , according to the U.N. . The rebels occupied Goma for more than a week in November before withdrawing amid pressure from regional leaders and the African Union . Renewed attacks But since mid-May , M23 forces have carried out repeated attacks on government troop positions "  in an apparent attempt to advance on Goma and Sake , " another nearby city , the U.N. mission says . The rebels have used "  indiscriminate and indirect fire , including by heavy weapons , resulting in civilian casualties " and attacks on U.N. installations , the peacekeepers say . The latest fighting has also reportedly drawn in a group of Uganda-based rebels . If rebel troops in an area of North Kivu province that includes Goma and Sake ignore Thursday 's deadline to give up their weapons at a U.N. base , "  they will be considered an imminent threat of physical violence to civilians and MONUSCO will take all necessary measures to disarm them , " the peacekeepers ' statement says . Those rebels who agree to hand in their arms will enter a process of demobilization and reintegration , the U.N. says . A breakaway group The M23 group was named for a peace deal of March 23 , 2009 , which it accuses the government of violating . The soldiers , mostly from the Tutsi ethnic group , became part of the national army through that accord . However , they broke away from the Congolese army last year , complaining they were n't being promoted as promised , and because of a lack of pay and poor conditions . The latest unrest continues a cycle of misery in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo , a mineral-rich region at the epicenter of a political and ethnic conflict involving its neighbors to the east , Uganda and Rwanda . Region in crisis The humanitarian crisis in the region involves 2.6 million internally displaced people , the U.N. says , and 6.4 million people in need of food and emergency aid . The area has been embroiled in violence since 1994 , when ethnic Hutu forces crossed the border from Rwanda fearing reprisals after the genocide in that country . At least 800,000 people in Rwanda were killed in the 1994 genocide , one of the worst mass slaughters in the post-World War II era . The victims were mostly from the Tutsi ethnic minority , who were targeted by Hutus over a rivalry that dates to colonial days . Some moderates from the Hutu majority who supported Tutsis also were killed .	Rebels around the city of Goma have until Thursday afternoon to hand in their arms Those who do n't will be considered an "  imminent threat , " U.N. peacekeepers say It 's the first time the U.N. has said it will use troops to uphold a security zone in the area The region is beset by a long-running humanitarian crisis affecting millions of people
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court heard new arguments Wednesday in a dramatic case that started with a movie attacking Hillary Clinton -- but that could have far-reaching implications for U.S. elections . The campaign finance case before the court stems from a film critical of then-presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . "  If you thought you knew everything about Hillary Clinton , wait till you see the movie , " said an ad last year for "  Hillary : The Movie , " a scorching attack on the woman then running for president . Citizens United , the conservative group behind the film , promoted it as featuring 40 interviews -- a "  cast to end all casts " -- and promised that if "  you want to hear about the Clinton scandals of the past and present , you have it here ! ` Hillary : The Movie ' is the first and last word in what the Clintons want America to forget ! " Few Americans ever saw the ad ; a federal court ruled that it broke the law on campaign advertising . Citizens United argued that the movie was a documentary , not "  electioneering communication . " As a result , the group argued , it was not subject to campaign finance rules that require disclosure of the movie 's financial backers or restrictions on when the film could air . It was financed with a mix of corporate and individual donations . Judges disagreed . Citizens United , a Washington-based nonprofit advocacy group , took its case to the Supreme Court . Unusually , the top court did not reach a decision on the case after it was first heard and ordered Wednesday 's rare September rehearing to consider more aspects of the case . A ruling is expected in a couple of months . The case hinges on whether corporations can be barred from pouring money into election campaigns or whether they have free-speech rights -- and the right to spend their cash to influence elections , just like individual people do . "  It 's about money , " said Lawrence Noble , former general counsel of the Federal Election Commission and a national expert on campaign spending . "  It 's about free speech , and it 's about the ability of corporations to influence elections through the direct use of their ... money . " Fred Wertheimer of Democracy 21 said the courts were right in the first place . "  Allowing corporations to flood our elections and use campaign expenditures to buy influence would fundamentally undermine our democracy , " he said . "  The little guy would have no role here , because the dominant force in politics -- the dominant force in Washington decision-making -- would become corporations . " But David Bossee of Citizens United does n't buy that . He argued that groups of people who pool resources , ranging from labor unions to the health industry to advocacy groups like the National Rifle Association , still have the right to free speech . "  I do n't believe the federal government should have the right to impede people 's entry into the -LSB- political -RSB- process , " he said . "  And that 's what I believe the Federal Election Commission is doing here : squelch our First Amendment rights . " U.S. courts have consistently ruled that spending money on elections is a form of speech . The case has made for unusual alliances : the American Civil Liberties Union , for example , sides with Citizens United . "  For many free-speech advocates , this is maybe a case of strange bedfellows , but they agree with Citizens United , " said George Washington University law professor Jonathan Turley . "  They say , ` If you start to say these types of movies are prohibited speech , it could sweep into things like books . ' Indeed , -LSB- the first time this case was argued , -RSB- the U.S. government said , ` Yes , we could restrict books during these election periods , ' " Turley said . "  That sent a chill through the free-speech community . On the other side , people are saying , ` Yeah , campaign finance -LSB- reform -RSB- is strangling the democratic process , ' " he said . "  You have two worthy values and very strong values on both sides , " he said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  There 's a great deal at stake , " he said . "  If they strike down part of the campaign finance laws , it occurs right before the mid-term -LSB- elections -RSB- , and you would see major amounts of money dumped into the campaign . " The court 's rare special session marks the debut of Justice Sonia Sotomayor , President Obama 's first Supreme Court nominee . The original narrow focus of the case was on Section 203 of the comprehensive 2002 McCain-Feingold law , which bans the broadcast of "  electioneering communication " by corporations , unions and advocacy groups if such a broadcast would be aired close to election dates and would identify candidates by name or image . The law also requires an on-screen notice of the groups financing such ads as well as public disclosure of all donors to the sponsoring organizations . But the scope of the case has now expanded significantly , and justices will ask whether they should re-examine important precedents banning direct corporate spending in campaigns . The Clinton movie case could launch a range of as-yet unanswered questions about political speech and government regulation . Since the filmmakers argued that their work was information , not political advocacy , should the government place itself as the ultimate arbiter of what is "  news " ? Some media groups say no . " ` Hillary : The Movie ' does not differ , in any relevant respect , from the critiques of presidential candidates produced throughout the entirety of American history , " said the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press in a brief to the high court . And can distinctions be drawn between regulating quickie 30-second or one-minute "  attack ads " and a 90-minute documentary that could be viewed as an ideological "  infomercial " ? "  McCain-Feingold clearly has an impact on every candidate and everyone that raises or spends campaign dollars , " said Edward Lazarus , author of "  Closed Chambers , " an inside look at the Supreme Court . "  And the court has mediated that line between trying to allow Congress to protect against electoral corruption but at the same time protect the right of expression of corporations and individuals . " Movie excerpts and the ads can be seen at www.hillarythemovie.com . The case is Citizens United v. FEC  08-205  . CNN Supreme Court Producer Bill Mears and Elaine Quijano contributed to this report .	Federal court ruled that movie broke campaign ad laws Group behind film attacking Clinton said it was a documentary Can corporations be barred from giving to election campaigns ? Supreme Court expected to rule in a couple of months
CNN  For superhero fans , the cup runneth over . Most of us know the members of the Avengers by now : Iron Man , Captain America , Hulk and the rest , and the fact that a few more like Quicksilver are joining the cast in the "  Avengers : Age of Ultron " sequel . But there was one character who remained a mystery : the Vision , to be played by Paul Bettany . Thus far , we 've only seen his eyes in a trailer . With less than a month to go before the movie hits theaters , Marvel Studios put all the speculation to rest with a poster featuring Bettany as the heroic android , who was a member of the superhero group for many years in the comics . Meanwhile , as many Marvel fans know , Thursday was the eve of the new Netflix series "  Daredevil , " and after a photoshopped first look at Charlie Cox 's iconic red Daredevil suit went out , Marvel put out a video of the real one . Not to be outdone , director Bryan Singer announced a new character for next year 's sequel "  X-Men : Apocalypse , " by telling Empire magazine that Ben Hardy would be playing the role of the winged mutant Angel . He even had a photo to share . And Thursday 's new super images were n't quite done , because the questions over how Jamie Bell 's rocky character The Thing in the rebooted "  Fantastic Four " movie  out August 7  might look were also finally answered . And he looks ... pretty much like The Thing we already knew  but reportedly , CGI this time  . Within 24 hours , we got yet another indication that the superhero trend is n't going anywhere anytime soon  and we did n't even talk about the new photo of Ryan Reynolds ' "  Deadpool "  .	Marvel Studios releases first looks at Paul Bettany as the Vision in "  Avengers : Age of Ultron " and Charlie Cox in full "  Daredevil " costume Jamie Bell 's character of The Thing was also unveiled for 20th Century Fox 's Marvel-based reboot of "  Fantastic Four " Bryan Singer unveiled the first look at "  X-Men : Apocalypse " Angel played by Ben Hardy
Ocean City , Maryland  CNN  -- Residents in several major East Coast cities -- including Washington , Philadelphia and New York -- braced late Saturday for the impact from Hurricane Irene . By Saturday evening , the storm had already knocked out power in more than a million homes , forced more than a million people off the New Jersey shore alone and caused at least nine deaths . Irene weakened somewhat since coming ashore early Saturday near Cape Lookout , North Carolina , and it is expected to slowly lose more strength overnight . But it is still a Category 1 hurricane , with maximum sustained winds around 80 mph and extending 85 miles from its center . Forecasters expect it to remain a hurricane until it once again makes landfall Sunday afternoon in southern New England . While the vast majority heeded calls to evacuate , emergency officials continued to plead with some stubborn residents to head to high ground , warning that heavy rains and a storm surge of 4 to 8 feet could cause widespread flooding of low-lying areas and pose untold dangers to residents from Virginia to Massachusetts . "  Living in New York City all my life and never experiencing a hurricane before , I have no idea what to expect , " said CNN iReporter Elie Shaby , who lives one block north of where authorities have ordered evacuations in Manhattan . Five people died as a result of the storm in North Carolina , and three were killed in Virginia due to falling trees , emergency officials said . In addition , a 55-year-old male surfer died around noon in New Smyrna Beach , Florida , said Capt. Tamara Marris , a spokeswoman for the Volusia County Beach Patrol . As of 11 p.m. , Irene was 70 miles south-southwest of Ocean City , Maryland , moving north-northeast at 16 mph . It had maximum sustained winds of 80 mph , according to the National Hurricane Center . The hurricane already had brought 10 to 14 inches of rain to much of North Carolina and was pushing a 4-foot storm surge into the Chesapeake Bay , the National Hurricane Center said . Hurricane warnings extend up the coast to Cape Cod in Massachusetts , with tropical storm warnings issued for parts of coastal Canada . Reports of tornadoes came from several states , including Virginia and North Carolina . Ed Schaeffer , a spokesman for the Lewes , Delaware , fire department , said between 30 and 40 homes have been damaged -- five of them severely -- though there have been no injuries . "  It 's pretty tough , honestly , " Delaware Gov. Jack Markell said of conditions Saturday night . "  So far , it 's still early for us and it 's already hitting us pretty hard . " A tornado in Tyrrell County , North Carolina , destroyed five homes and seriously damaged a business Saturday , Sheriff Darryl Liverman told CNN affiliate WITN . Vance County authorities published photos of a home damaged when a tree fell on it and crashed through a bedroom ceiling . It was unclear if anyone was injured . The National Weather Service issued tornado watches -- indicating favorable conditions for a tornado to form , even when one has n't been reported yet -- through Sunday morning for several areas , including New Jersey and New York City . U.S. Coast Guard Adm. William Lee , who tracked the storm by air , said he believed Saturday night the worst fears for Irene had not yet come to fruition . "  All in all , the damage was n't nearly as bad as we expected , " Lee told CNN . "  I 've been through several hurricanes and , in comparison to ones like Frederick , Andrew and Hugo , this one  has had  significantly less damage . " As it passed through North Carolina , Irene ripped off roofs and caused other damage to homes and businesses in Hyde and Jones counties , toppled trees that blocked roads and brought down power lines statewide , according to the state emergency management division . "  We 're not seeing catastrophic damage , but there is massive flooding near the coast in some places , " Brad Nieman of the state 's emergency management division said Saturday evening . In Roanoke Rapids , North Carolina -- where a hotel facade , for instance , ripped away and fell into the ocean -- police and public works crews stopped responding to calls because of adverse conditions , the state emergency management division reported . More than half a million people in North Carolina had lost power as of 7 p.m. Saturday , and 5,000 people huddled overnight in 60 shelters around the state , said Brad Neiman from the state 's emergency management division . "  We 're not seeing catastrophic damage , but there is massive flooding near the coast , " Neiman said . "  A lot we will figure out at first light  Sunday  . " Authorities in communities across North Carolina , Virginia and Maryland announced curfews . Some banned the sale of alcohol . Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter declared a state of emergency , telling residents to be prepared to go without power for up to two weeks . Boston has joined New York , New Jersey and the cities of Philadelphia and Baltimore in suspending all transit service , with no subway and bus service on Sunday . And the Philadelphia International Airport will remain closed until at least 4 p.m. Sunday , airport spokeswoman Victoria Lupica said . In Virginia , more than 600,000 homes and businesses were without electricity , Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell said . Officials warned people to be prepared to be without power for up to a week . In Newport News , Nate Morris -- a student at Christopher Newport University , about a mile from the ocean -- said he noticed numerous trees and power lines down . "  There were times when you 'd walk around or be in the house , and you could n't hear anything because of the wind and rain , " Morris told CNN on Saturday night . "  And it sounds it like it will be a very hard night , too . " More than 1 million people on the Jersey shore had joined untold numbers of others from the Carolinas to New England in moving inland or to higher ground , away from the storm 's worst impacts , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said . Those who remained behind in communities where the storm has yet to hit are making a mistake believing that the storm is too weak to do any damage , said Craig Fugate , Federal Emergency Management Agency administrator . "  Some of our most devastating floods have occurred in tropical storms , " he said . The hold-outs included 92 residents of Atlantic City high-rises , many of them elderly , who refused pleas from Christie and others to get a free ride out of the danger zone . Mayor Lorenzo T. Langford told CNN on Saturday night that 94 of those inside had responded to the latest call by authorities to get out . "  We 've made three sweeps , the most recent sweep probably was the last one , " Langford said , adding that about 90 % of the city 's residents had evacuated . "  We 've admonished them to leave when they could . " In New York -- where the city ordered the unprecedented evacuation of 370,000 people from low-lying areas on Friday -- even residents who are n't being ordered to leave could face an arduous few days following Irene 's tour of the city . The city 's transit system , shut down Saturday , may not be fully running again until Monday at the earliest , high-rise buildings are being instructed to turn off elevators and utility ConEd may have to cut power to Manhattan , Mayor Michael Bloomberg said . "  This is a storm where , if you 're in the wrong place at the wrong time , it can be fatal , " he warned . CNN 's Chris Boyette , Jeanne Meserve , Chris Lawrence , Greg Botelho , Jason Carroll , David Mattingly , John Zarrella , Kimberly Segal , Sarah Hoye , Kristina Sgueglia , Rafael Romo , Eden Pontz and Poppy Harlow contributed to this report .	NEW : Delaware 's governor : "  It 's still early for us and it 's already hitting us pretty hard " NEW : 30 to 40 homes have been damaged in Lewes , Delaware , a fire spokesman says Boston joins New York City and others in suspending subway service on Sunday At least 9 have died in three states due to the storm , including a man killed in Virginia
