CNN  -- The United States is expelling three Venezuelan diplomats , including the South American country 's top envoy in Washington , the State Department said Tuesday night . Calixto Ortega , Venezuela 's charge d'affaires in Washington , and two other diplomats have been declared personae non gratae in response to Venezuela 's decision Monday to expel three U.S. diplomats , a State Department spokesperson said in a written statement provided to CNN . They have 48 hours to leave the United States . On Monday , Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro announced he was expelling three U.S. diplomats and accused them of conspiring to destabilize his government . The Venezuelan leader accused the group of diplomats of meeting with right-wing political opponents of his government , financing their activities and encouraging them to sabotage the country 's electrical system and its economy -- accusations that the State Department has repeatedly denied . "  It is regrettable that the Venezuelan government has again decided to expel U.S. diplomatic officials based on groundless allegations , which require reciprocal action . It is counterproductive to the interests of both our countries and not a serious way for a country to conduct its foreign policy , " the State Department spokesperson said Tuesday . "  We completely reject the accounts of the Venezuelan government about any participation of the U.S. government in any type of conspiracy to destabilize the Venezuelan government . " In addition to Ortega , Monica Alejandra Sanchez Morales , second secretary at the Venezuelan Embassy in Washington , and Marisol Gutierrez de Almeida , Venezuelan consul in Houston , were also expelled . The U.S. announcement came hours after Maduro repeated his accusations in a nationally televised broadcast , showing what he said was security camera footage that showed the U.S. diplomats meeting with members of the opposition . As she prepared to leave Caracas on Tuesday , the top U.S. envoy told reporters the meeting was part of the U.S. Embassy 's typical approach of talking with officials and members of civil society throughout the country . "  If we are not talking with these people , then we are not doing our jobs , " said Kelly Keiderling , the U.S. charge d'affaires in Venezuela . "  If the accusation is that we met with Venezuelans , then we are guilty . " In March : U.S. expels 2 Venezuelan diplomats	The U.S. declares three Venezuelan diplomats personae non gratae The expulsion comes a day after Venezuela kicked out three U.S. diplomats Venezuela 's president accused them of plotting to destabilize his government The State Department denies the accusations , calls them counterproductive
CNN  -- Frank Ramano is upset about an airline misplacing some very precious cargo on a recent flight : his dog , Ty . A week later , Ty is still missing . "  I have no clue how they could just lose a pet like that , " Ramano told CNN affiliate WTSP in Tampa , Florida . Ramano said he booked Ty on the October 31 Delta flight from Los Angeles to Tampa because he would be in Florida for several weeks and did n't want to leave his best friend behind . A Delta representative told CNN that the airline is doing everything it can to aid in the search for Ty . "  Delta continues to investigate what happened , but early indications show procedures were followed , and the dog may have compromised the kennel on its own , " Morgan Durrant , a Delta spokesman , said in a statement . Ramano told WTSP that he is incredibly frustrated with the airline because he was originally told the dog made it to Tampa , but the airline has since changed its story . "  To me , it sounds like they do n't care . They sound like they lost just a piece of baggage . That 's it . He 's family . He 's like my best friend , " Ramano said of the 6-year-old dog , whom he rescued last year from a shelter in North Hollywood . Airline apologizes as lost cat dies But , Ramano said , it was Ty who did the rescuing . At the time of the adoption , Ramano was homeless and bouncing from motel to motel . "  He was like a big anxiety pill . He would help me through the rough times , " he told WTSP . The effort to bring Ty home is ongoing . Durrant said Delta has refunded the fee to transport Ty , and workers are still diligently searching for the dog , including in Los Angeles-area shelters as Ty was microchipped , according to Ramano . "  Delta understands that pets are an important member of the family and regrets this occurred while this pet was entrusted to our care , " the statement from Delta said . "  I just want him home safe . I just want him back , " Ramano said . This is not the first time a pet has gone missing in transit with Delta . In 2010 , passenger Josiah Allen 's dog Paco broke out of his carrier before a flight from Mexico to Canada . And in 2006 , Vivi , a whippet who competed in the Westminster Kennel Club show , escaped on the tarmac at John F. Kennedy International Airport before a flight . Help your pet prepare for air travel	Frank Ramano 's dog , Ty , never made it on his cross-country flight Delta says it thinks the dog "  may have compromised the kennel on its own " Ramano says Delta has given him conflicting information on Ty 's whereabouts A similar incident with a dog happened in 2010 on a Delta flight from Mexico to Canada
CNN  -- Noted for his versatility and breadth of achievement , American opera singer Thomas Hampson is one of the most respected baritones performing in the world today . The 56-year-old , who hails from Spokane , in Washington , boasts a discography of more than 150 albums , winning him multiple Grammy Awards , two Edison Prizes and the coveted Grand Prix de Disque -- the highest award for musical recordings in France . The grandeur of opera houses , tail coats and melodramatic librettos is a far cry from the thatched huts and sweltering sun of Durban 's traditional Zulu townships . But this is where Hampson chose to land for his Fusion Journey . He was there to seek out famed South African vocal group Ladysmith Black Mambazo , whose mix of low rumbling harmonies and ululating riffs gained worldwide appreciation when the group appeared on Paul Simon 's seminal Graceland album in 1986 . During a 10-day visit , the all-American opera singer was challenged to produce a fusion of sound that blended the diametrically contrasting traditions of Western classical music with Mambazo 's distinctive take on ancient Zulu melodies . In his own words , this is the story of Hampson 's journey . Thomas Hampson : I come from a very different musical tradition to the members of Ladysmith Black Mambazo , but I believe that anyone who stands next to another person and sings is somehow a brother , somehow a sister -- and rarely have I felt this more acutely than on my journey to Durban . It was my first time there and what I saw of the city was beautiful . After landing I was struck by the deeply brushed low-lying hills and surrounding tundra , and the bustling atmosphere of the huge port . We traveled to the Clermont township , to the former home of Joseph Shabalala  leader of the group  . His old township is on the outskirts of Durban and while , of course , there are many signs of modernization -- like new homes and roads -- the area still carries a distinctive sense of its Zulu roots . The people made a strong impression on me . They are physically very attractive and all seemed to have a wonderful sense of humor and warmth . It was in this spirit that Joseph and the band welcomed me with open arms and a song -- I could n't have wished for a better introduction ! See also : Royal Ballet star takes inspiration from Chinese dance Mambazo showed me the room where the group gathered to rehearse as young men , and the stage on which they first stood to compete in local singing competitions . We went on to see a traditional Zulu wedding ceremony and I saw the modest village dwellings -- the circular huts -- the likes of which most members of the group would have called home as children . I 'm glad we had this experience before we started making music together . I spend so much of my time in life understanding other people 's ideas , getting into their language , their music ... their DNA . This is not something you can just imitate . It seemed to me that in the Zulu Nation , music is part of everyday communication . Their speech has a percussive rhythm , the intonation of the words creates a melody . See more : Fusion Journeys We eventually began rehearsing in the garage of Joseph 's current home . We all got in a half circle and sang to each other for a couple of hours . Just that simple : I sang their stuff , they sung mine and we 'd say "  how did that go again ? " One of the most interesting parts of this process for me was seeing how all the members of the group would work off each other -- responding and reshaping each other 's words as they sang , instantaneously mixing tone and intonation to create new sounds . Of course , as an opera singer I 've now sung in 11 or 12 languages , but how many people get to say that they 've sung in Zulu ? A few hours together and a beautiful melody is starting to take shape . We decided to document this wonderful experience and collaboration against the stunning backdrop of Durban 's Valley of a Thousand Hills -- where our final performance took place . We began with a Zulu piece -- and perhaps Mambazo 's most iconic hit song -- "  Homeless . " The song is about the violence and displacement of South African Apartheid . What I find enchanting about it , and other Mambazo pieces that speak of pain and suffering , is that it still sounds so full of hope . I can tell you all the members of Mambazo have suffered incomprehensible loss in their lives , and yet none of their music ever feels angry or spiteful , it is always rich with love . I found that very inspiring . For my song , I selected an old American parlor piece called "  Hard Times Come Again No More . " It was enthralling to perform such a melancholy number with Mambazo 's deep soulfulness added to it . How would I describe my journey looking back ? I just put on their clothes for a period of time , but I wo n't even pretend that I can now walk in their shoes , make music the way they make music , sing how they sing . It is tempting to contrast the formal , intellectual way that much Western classical music expresses emotion with the mystical , organic way that we hear with Mambazo . But this , I think , is an over-easy simplification . We 're musicians , we have different wells but we all draw from the same river . Would I go back ? In a heartbeat .	American baritone Thomas Hampson travels to Durban to create musical fusion During journey Hampson teams up with South African singers Ladysmith Black Mambazo The classically-trained opera singer delves deep into Zulu heritage to find inspiration
CNN  -- Amanda Garcia 's peaceful life in Saltillo , Mexico , was shaken this past March when she witnessed a military convoy heading at full speed and against traffic on one of the city 's important avenues . The lawyer had taken an alternate route to get home sooner and be with her 7-year-old son . It had been a difficult day in Saltillo , the capital of Coahuila state : Seven people had been killed and four police officers were injured in a series of firefights that caused alarm throughout the city , the state attorney general 's office said . A few yards from reaching her home , she was stopped at a military checkpoint . "  When I parked I saw at least six soldiers in front of my car , getting out of their vehicle and aiming at me , asking me to get out . One came close to my door and I heard a sound I had never heard before , apparently of a weapon when you take the safety off . Few times in my life had I felt so scared , " she said . After an inspection , the soldiers told Amanda that they were looking for a vehicle similar to hers and that she was free to return home . "  Usually , the presence of the army does not make me nervous at all , to the contrary . But that day , I really thought they were going to shoot at me , " she said . "  I 've never seen the city so empty . " Two days later , a soldier died and another was injured in a confrontation with suspected drug traffickers , after four cartel roadblocks were reported in various parts of the city , according to the attorney general 's office . Saltillo , with some 700,000 residents , is a colonial city that until recently was known for its auto industry -- General Motors , Chrysler and Freightliner have plants there -- and construction . However , the situation has changed progressively until the city has reached notoriety for other reasons . According to a report from intelligence company Stratfor , the Gulf and Sinaloa cartels formed the New Federation , an alliance combating the Zetas cartel , and launched an offensive to control the trafficking routes in Mexico 's northeast . "  There were pacts here , and now those pacts are broken and a battle has begun between various criminal groups for this territory . This is evident , " said Raul Vera , the Catholic bishop of Saltillo . The Coahuila attorney general 's office declined to let any of its officials be interviewed to give their version of escalating violence in the region . "  This was something that has been coming for a while , not only the dispute for control of the territory for the routes , but also for control of the population , through terror ,  and  control of the economy , " said Blanca Martinez , director of the Fray Juan de Larios Human Rights Center . In the four years of Felipe Calderon 's term so far , more than 34,612 drug-related killings have been recorded in Mexico , of which 659 happened in northern Coahuila , according to the federal government . Of these , a little more than 3 % occurred in Saltillo . Like neighboring states Nuevo Leon and Tamaulipas , all on the U.S. border , Coahuila has seen peaks in violence associated with the capture or killing of important trafficking leaders who had influence in the region . "  The people in the city are afraid . It can be felt in the streets , homes , with friends . All the conversations are about security now , " said Jorge Muniz , a young graphic designer who lives in the city . The day after the confrontation between security forces and the presumed drug traffickers , a rumor surged on social media that there would be a curfew in Saltillo , something that was denied by Gov. Jorge Torres Lopez . "  Even then the city took its precautions and that false curfew turned into a real curfew , " Muniz said . "  The city was deserted from five in the afternoon . There were few people in the streets , and after seven at night , it looked like a ghost town , shops closed , with little traffic . " He added , "  I think this is just the beginning of the violent acts . Other nearby cities , like Monterrey , the capital of Nuevo Leon , also started like this and now are cities where they live a climate of strong violence . " Another indicator of the growing insecurity in Saltillo and the rest of Coahuila is the increase in the number of disappearances in the past two years , the majority believed to be linked to organized crime . From 2007 to January 2011 , the Fray Juan de Larios Human Rights Center , in coordination with United for Our Disappeared of Coahuila , documented 118 disappearances , of which 91 presumably were related to organized crime , according to a report by the organization . The report indicates that the average age of the victims is 30 , the majority are men , and five of them were minors at the time of their disappearance . Five others were women . Only one out of the 118 cases has evidence that the objective of the disappearance was kidnapping . There was never a request for ransom from the others . Another characteristic of the disappearances in Coahuila is that they happen in groups . Only 17 of the victims disappeared individually , and in 23 cases it is alleged that there was involvement by police or the military , the organizations reported . The state attorney general 's office declined to comment on the disappearances . Saltillo could be considered a refuge for the Zetas , the U.S. consul in Monterrey , Bruce Williamson , said in February 2010 in a diplomatic cable published by WikiLeaks . The cable is full of doubt about the effectiveness of the Mexican military in the fight against organized crime . In another cable from 2009 , the consul writes that the security model implemented in Coahuila by then-Gov . Humberto Moreira was inadequate , and described them as "  baby steps . "	Firefights have been recorded in Saltillo , Mexico Two cartels have united to fight a third in the area , an intelligence firm says More than 100 disappearances have been reported in recent years
CNN  -- A campaign rally for Ecuador 's president turned deadly Monday night when a man stabbed and killed two people , state media reported . At least four others were injured at the event that President Rafael Correa was expected to arrive at moments later , the state news agency ANDES said . ANDES posted a video showing a man apparently stabbing victims at random in a crowd of more than 100 people in the northern province of Esmeraldas . Some in the crowd tried to stop the attacker , but he ran away . Correa called the attack against his supporters from the Alianza Pais movement a tragedy . Interior Minister Jose Serrano said a suspect has been detained . "  The national police proceeded to capture the suspect of these events .  But  we can not say , absolutely , that the person who is detained at this moment is the author of the unfortunate event , " Serrano told reporters . On his Twitter account , the president described the video as "  really chilling . " He sent a message of "  solidarity to the families of the victims . " ANDES reported that the president suspended "  all political acts " and returned to the city of Esmeraldas . Correa is seeking re-election in the next presidential vote , expected to take place February 17 .	Two people are dead and four others injured at a rally for the president President Rafael Correa was expected to arrive moments later A video shows a man seemingly stabbing people at random Interior Minister Jose Serrano says a man has been detained
ORLANDO , Florida  CNN  -- A Florida woman accused of killing her toddler daughter made a rare court appearance Thursday for a hearing regarding "  disturbing " images of the scene where her daughter 's skeletal remains were found . Caylee Anthony , 2 , had been missing since June in a case that has received national attention . The hearing began without Casey Anthony , as defense attorney Jose Baez saying she waived her right to appear . But prosecutors objected , saying Anthony should be brought into court and questioned before waiving her appearance . Orange County Circuit Judge Stan Strickland agreed , sending deputies to retrieve Anthony from jail but starting the hearing without her . She later was brought in , wearing navy jail scrubs . Answering Strickland 's questions in a clear voice , Anthony confirmed that she had waived her right to appear in court . Watch Casey Anthony appear in court " Strickland , however , had her remain for the rest of the hearing . She sat expressionless , appearing to listen closely as prosecutors and defense attorneys hashed out routine discovery and evidentiary issues . Anthony , 22 , is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter Caylee , who was last reported seen in June . She was arrested in October and charged with first-degree murder and other offenses , even though Caylee 's body had not been found . The girl 's skeletal remains were found last month in woods about a half-mile from the home of Anthony 's parents , where Caylee and her mother had been living . Authorities have been unable to determine how the girl died but said she was the victim of a homicide . In Thursday 's hearing , prosecutors and defense attorneys wrangled over defense experts ' access to images from the scene where the body was found . Prosecutors said they did not want the defense to copy , print or send any photos or X-rays of Caylee to their experts , many of whom were outside Florida , out of concern they might wind up in the media 's hands . Because the experts are outside the jurisdiction of the Florida court , Strickland would have little recourse if the photos wound up "  displayed on some magazine at the checkout at the Publix , " prosecutor Linda Drane Burdick said Thursday . The pictures "  are not necessarily gruesome , but they are disturbing , " especially images of the child 's skull when it was found and removed from the woods , she said . Baez agreed he did not want the photos to be made public , and said he doubted his experts would jeopardize their reputations by leaking them , noting they have signed confidentiality agreements . The parties agreed that the defense would set up a secure Web site for its experts to evaluate the photographs . Strickland also ordered Baez not to copy the images or transmit them in any way . In an earlier hearing Thursday , another Orange County circuit judge ruled that a lawsuit filed against Anthony may proceed , but the judge is not requiring Anthony to submit to a deposition at this time . In questioning after Caylee 's disappearance , Anthony told police she had left the child with a baby sitter named Zenaida Gonzalez and had not seen her since . Checking out her story , authorities found that the apartment where Anthony said she left Caylee was vacant and located a Zenaida Gonzalez , who said she had never met Anthony . Gonzalez filed a defamation suit against Anthony , saying that as a result of Anthony 's statements , she has been suspected wrongly of involvement in Caylee 's disappearance . Her attorney , John Morgan , told the judge Thursday that Gonzalez lost her job because of those claims . Anthony 's defense attorneys asked that proceedings in the Gonzalez suit -- specifically , Anthony 's deposition -- be postponed until the criminal case against Anthony is resolved , because Anthony 's answers to questions in the deposition could potentially incriminate her , meaning she would have to invoke her Fifth Amendment right in refusing to answer . Circuit Judge Jose Rodriguez agreed that Anthony should not be compelled to undergo an oral deposition , but said Morgan could depose her with written questions and answers . "  No matter how much we want to separate these cases , they 're intertwined , " Rodriguez said in issuing his decision . Morgan noted that Anthony has filed a countersuit against Gonzalez , and said Anthony can not duck a deposition at the same time that she is suing his client . "  They can not have their cake and eat it too , " Morgan said , adding that Anthony "  ca n't sue someone and then say , ` You ca n't question me because of the Fifth Amendment . ' " Anthony 's countersuit accuses Gonzalez of attempting to cash in on the high-profile case . A trial date has not been set for Anthony , who could face a sentence of life in prison if convicted of killing Caylee . Prosecutors have said they will not seek the death penalty against her .	Judge calls Casey Anthony to hearing at request of prosecutor Hearing focuses in part on how to share crime scene images with defense experts Prosecutors fear images could wind up in hands of media In separate hearing , judge says defamation suit against Anthony can proceed
CNN  Two of my eldest son 's first words were "  Dada " and "  Batman . "  Or "  Batmah , " at least . That should have clued me in that Gilbert was following in his Dad 's footsteps ; he was a superhero fan in the making . From dancing and singing to the "  Batman " theme song at age 1 to creating his own super-characters from everyday items around him , he 's been completely enthralled with superheroes . As he grows up , his superheroes are shaping the person he 's becoming . A fascination with superheroes can benefit a child in many ways , including boosting his self-confidence and making him feel powerful .  And what better day than National Superhero Day , April 28 , to celebrate that ? Gilbert is n't the only example of the positive powers of superhero worship . In some cases , superheroes can teach children how to be strong . Cynthia Falardeau of Vero Beach , Florida , has also encouraged her son , Wyatt , to explore superheroes for years , because of the way they changed her childhood for the better . Before she admired Wonder Woman and Princess Leia , Falardeau was bullied by other kids for her first heroic inspiration , Mary Poppins . "  My two oldest brothers and their neighborhood friends squelched my dreams , " she said . "  Their mockery drove me to find comfort in the arms of my mother . " Her mother encouraged her to pursue a more "  daring " character , and soon she discovered Wonder Woman and TV 's Bionic Woman . Wonder Woman gave her confidence : "  She was powerful , beautiful and never broke a sweat ! " Even today , she credits these heroes with some of the things she has accomplished in life . "  I have completed four half-ironman races  70.3 miles  in the past two years , " she said . "  Each time I envision my success , I think of the Bionic Woman or Wonder Woman , and I feel invincible . When I take that first stroke and glide across the water I am energized . " Now she sees 11-year-old Wyatt finding strength to deal with his problems at school . "  Sometimes Wyatt says that he gets bullied and superheroes give him the confidence to stand up , and tell the teacher , " she said . "  One of his favorites is the Incredible Hulk , " she said . " ' I like that Hulk gets angry at the bad guys and he uses kung-fu ! ' " he told his mother . The recent "  Captain America " movie has made the patriotic hero one of Wyatt 's favorites , as well . When asked by his mother why he likes superheroes so much , he said , "  They have super powers , strength , and they are brave . They always do the right things . They battle against evil . Superheroes give you strength ! " Jeff Greenberg , social psychology professor at the University of Arizona , sees this -- superheroes giving strength and power -- as the key to why kids love superheroes . "  We adults forget how vulnerable we all were as young children , " he said . "  We were little and lacked the physical size and strength and knowledge to protect ourselves and function effectively on our own , " he said . Children first depend on their parents for love and protection . But as they grow up , they start looking to role models who embody the same power and positivity , Greenberg said . "  By identifying with the culture 's heroes and superheroes , children can begin to feel like they are aligning with what is good and can develop their own agency , power , and value in the world , " he said . Of course , there are always the classic arguments against kids having an interest in superheroes . They 're marketing ploys . They take children out of reality . Superheroes come with a heaping helping of violence  even if it 's usually "  cartoon violence "  . And there are also concerns that boys are getting the wrong idea , seeing their future selves as either heroes or victims . Greenberg said these are valid concerns , but he still sees superheroes as the good guys when it comes to their influence on children . The answer is n't to try to control your child 's preferences . Greenberg encourages parents to "  be a guiding force by sharing their enjoyment of superheroes , and in age appropriate ways . " Once children understand that these are fictional characters , they can begin to distinguish between how things work in superhero land and how they work in the real world , he said . Falardeau said superheroes teach her son good lessons on a smaller scale : "  I think he is learning that everyone is capable of being extraordinary . " As my son Gilbert 's superhero playtime has evolved , not only has he developed a sense of morality , his inner positivity has also come out . He sees the villains as capable of turning over a new leaf . He describes them as turning good at times . Gilbert 's fascination has not gone without some encouragement on my part . I have been a fan of superheroes ever since Spider-Man taught me how to read on "  The Electric Company . " It really never left me , from the Batmania of the late '80s and early '90s to the resurgence of superhero cinema with "  X-Men " and "  Spider-Man , " and I 've been a comics collector off and on for decades . As far as I 'm concerned , I hope superheroes continue to take Gilbert 's imagination up , up and away !	CNN producer sees superheroes as a positive influence on his three year old son 's development An iReporter says Wonder Woman gave her confidence : "  She was powerful , beautiful and never broke a sweat ! " Superheroes can help build boost self-esteem and inner strength , says a social psychologist
CNN  -- One phone call brought the 41-year-old memory back to George Hopkins instantly , flooding him with the terror of having a .38 - caliber pistol jabbed into his face . Former flight engineer George Hopkins says he remembers vividly being hijacked to Cuba in 1968 . "  Hey , they got the guy that hijacked us , " said the voice on the phone . Hopkins , a former flight engineer , got the call Monday from a friend and former Pan Am pilot , a day after the surrender of Luis Armando Pena Soltren . Pena Soltren is one of the men accused of hijacking Pan Am Flight 281 on November 24 , 1968 , and taking it to Cuba . The suspect had remained hidden in Cuba for decades , and Hopkins ' memories of the ordeal had receded . But it 's all coming back now . Watch Hopkins describe the hijacking " "  I can still remember very vividly , " said Hopkins , 71 . "  The guy comes to the cockpit and he 's got a knife . And he sticks a .38 right in my nose , right between my eyes , and I could tell it was loaded because I see the bullets around the cylinder . He has the stewardess and held her with knifepoint at the base of her skull and he said , ` Cuba , Cuba , Cuba . ' " Hopkins said he felt a burning sensation where the gun was pointed on his face . "  There was no doubt in my mind he would pull the trigger if I 'd have done something very foolish , " he said . Hopkins was in the flight engineer 's seat and noticed that the pilot and copilot had not seen the hijacker . He alerted them and said they needed to appease the armed man . Through the open door of the cockpit , he could see two other hijackers holding passengers at bay . With the plane now heading to Cuba , the hijacker lowered his gun . But the armed man was extremely nervous and shaking , Hopkins said . A second hijacker , the apparent ringleader , entered the cockpit and told the crew everything would be fine . "  He said do n't worry about it , we 've done this before , " Hopkins said . Then the man asked whether he could bring his wife up to first class . The woman was carrying a baby , Hopkins remembers . At one point , a fighter jet appeared in the distance and followed their plane to Cuba . The hijackers left the plane after it landed , but Cuban authorities held Hopkins and the rest of the crew on board for about six hours before they were allowed to fly back to the United States . On Sunday , 66-year-old hijacking suspect Pena Soltren surrendered to federal authorities at New York 's John F. Kennedy Airport , the same airport from which Hopkins ' flight was commandeered . According to a December 1968 indictment , Soltren and three others -- Jose Rafael Rios Cruz , Miguel Castro and Alejandro Figueroa -- conspired to hijack the flight . Cruz and Castro were sentenced in the 1970s after pleading guilty in U.S. District Court in New York . They received 15-year and 12-year sentences , respectively . Figueroa was acquitted in 1969 . Hopkins wonders now whether he would even recognize Pena Soltren . "  I never thought I 'd repeat this story again , " Hopkins said . "  I repeated it a lot for the first several years , because it was very traumatic to us . This is the first time I 've even said anything about it for five to 10 years . It 's been kind of nice . Your mind is able to flush things once in awhile , until something happens and then you recall it . "	George Hopkins was flight engineer on Pan Am flight hijacked to Cuba in 1968 Arrest of last suspect brings back memories of gun in his face , hijacker in cockpit "  There was no doubt in my mind he would pull the trigger , " Hopkins remembers One hijacker asked to have his wife and baby moved to first class , Hopkins recalls
PUERTO MONTT , Chile  CNN  -- Nearly a week after a volcano erupted in Chaiten , Chile , disgorging its contents across a wide area of the Andes Mountains , authorities finished evacuating the area most affected . Though the eruption has been continuous , it increased at midnight Wednesday , powered by a massive explosion , then returned to its steady discharge of ash , officials said . Overnight , authorities armed with a court order evacuated the last of the holdouts -- many of whom had sought to remain to care for their cattle -- among the approximately 5,000 residents inside the 30-kilometer  18-mile  exclusion zone , said Carmen Fernandez , director of Chile 's Office of Emergency . By Thursday morning , about 100 people -- primarily police , military and journalists -- remained in the immediate vicinity of the volcano , she said . In Bariloche , 300 kilometers  186 miles  from the volcano , Chilean Minister of Defense Jose Goni met Thursday with Argentine Vice President Julio Cobos to coordinate the transfer of the cows in the affected zone to Argentine territory , 60 kilometers  37 miles  away . Many of Bariloche 's residents clutched handkerchiefs to their faces or wore cloth masks -- handed out by the government -- as they went about their business . Even with the masks , breathing could be difficult . Thick layers of ash covered everything like freshly fallen snow . Bariloche 's airport and other regional airports were shut Thursday after satellite photos revealed that the air over the provinces of Buenos Aires , La Pampa , Rio Negro , Neuquen and Chubut was filled with ash . The most dense clouds of the material were seen over Chubut and Rio Negro , with lesser amounts in the other provinces . In all , clouds of ash covered nearly a third of Argentina , the country 's meteorological service said . As of noon Thursday , ash could be seen in the sky above Buenos Aires and its suburbs , it said . "  The sky appears gray , products of the presence of ashes that are moving from west to east at an altitude of about 3,500 meters , " the service said . Watch volcano eruption " "  Fortunately , the composition of the ash , air and smoke that is coming out of the volcano is n't highly toxic , " said Mirta Roses , director of the Pan American Health Organization . But , she said , children , older people and people with allergies or asthma are at highest risk and should make extra efforts to avoid it . Many of the evacuees were taken to Puerto Montt , a port city in southern Chile about 200 kilometers  124 miles  north of Chaiten . The volcano , which is about 1210 kilometers  752 miles  south of the Chilean capital , Santiago , began erupting early Friday , raining gray ash onto Chaiten . The small city is on the Corcovado Gulf , in southern Chile . The volcano last erupted around 7,420 B.C. , according to the Smithsonian 's Global Volcanism Project . Chile contains a large number of active volcanoes , including Llaima , which erupted in January , sending lava and smoke down a snow-covered mountain . CNN en Espanol 's Alberto Pando contributed to this story	Approximately 5,000 residents are evacuated , some by court order , officials say Authorities coordinate the 60-kilometer transfer of cows out of the affected zone Regional airports are shut Thursday after satellite photos show the air full of ash Clouds of ash cover nearly a third of Argentina , the meteorological service says
Peruvian judges on Friday sentenced Dutch national Joran van der Sloot to 28 years in prison and ordered him to pay thousands of dollars in reparations for the killing of a 21-year-old Peruvian woman in 2010 . Van der Sloot , who was visibly upset after the decision was issued , admitted this week to killing Stephany Flores in his Lima hotel room . The judges said they took his confession into account , but they still gave him a sentence two years short of the 30-year maximum . With time served , it means van der Sloot is scheduled to be released June 10 , 2038 . The defendant , 24 , stood for much of the more than two-hour session and perspired through his green t-shirt . He drank three cups of water and frequently wiped his face . The judges ordered van der Sloot expelled from Peru at the end of his sentence and ordered him to pay 200,000 Peruvian new soles , or about $ 74,500 , in reparations to Flores ' closest relatives . Van der Sloot confessed to robbery in addition to murder , admitting that he stole Flores ' belongings , including 850 soles  more than $ 300  , credit cards , and the victim 's van as a means to leave the country . He fled to Chile and was arrested a few days later . It was an apparent attempt to win a more lenient sentence , using a plea called an "  anticipated conclusion of the process " under Peruvian law . Five days earlier , the three judges delayed the start of van der Sloot 's trial after he declined to give a plea after expressing reservations about the "  aggravating factors " tied to admitting his guilt . Van der Sloot 's attorney , Jose Luis Jimenez , pressed earlier this week for a shorter sentence . Jimenez claimed that his client was under special stress the day the 2010 murder occurred , which marked five years after Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway went missing in Aruba . Van der Sloot -- who , with two others , was among the last people seen with Holloway - was detained twice , but never charged , in the high-profile international case . "  He was pointed at and persecuted . The world had been against him for five years before this case , for a murder he said he never committed and for which there is no evidence whatsoever , " said Jimenez . Investigators have said they believe van der Sloot killed Flores after she found something related to the Holloway case on his computer while visiting him in his hotel room . The two met while van der Sloot was in town for a poker tournament . Judges on Friday recounted the crime in detail . They described how Flores hit van der Sloot in the face after reading the item on Holloway , leading him to hit her in the face with his elbow . Flores fainted and van der Sloot tried to strangle her , but she was still breathing and so he suffocated her with his shirt . Van der Sloot then tried to clean the room by removing the sheets and changing his bloodied shirt , they said . He was ultimately caught while traveling alone in a taxi near the Chilean central coastal city of Vina del Mar. . Holloway 's body has never been found , and no one has been charged in relation to the case in Aruba . But van der Sloot does face possible extradition to the United States in a related matter . In June 2010 , a federal grand jury in Alabama indicted him on charges of wire fraud and extortion after allegations surfaced that he tried to extort $ 250,000 from Holloway 's mother , Beth . Van der Sloot offered to provide what turned out to be bogus information about the whereabouts of Holloway 's remains in exchange for the money , according to the indictment . He was allegedly given a total of $ 25,000 , and authorities believe he used that money to travel to Peru for the poker tournament . Thursday , about six and a half years after Holloway went missing , Alabama Probate Judge Alan King signed an order declaring the teenager legally dead .	With time served , Joran van der Sloot will be released in 2038 Judges order van der Sloot to pay about $ 74,500 in reparations He 's also ordered expelled from Peru after completing his sentence Van der Sloot was visibly upset after the sentencing
New York  CNN  -- Authorities on Sunday released the name of a woman who turned up in New York this month saying she had no memory of her name or family . She is Kacie Aleece Peterson , 18 , of Hansville , Washington , according to Paul Browne , deputy commissioner of the New York Police Department . Police a day earlier said a CNN viewer in Maryland identified the woman , who was found in Midtown Manhattan on October 9 outside a youth shelter . A photo of Peterson , who had been referred to as Jane Doe , was circulated by police and aired on CNN this week . Authorities did n't release Peterson 's name until Sunday . Browne said Peterson 's mother is dead and that her father is heading to New York . CNN affiliate KOMO-TV in Seattle , Washington , reported that her father went to New York on Sunday to bring her home . The family said it 's not the first time she disappeared and then later was found with apparent memory loss , the station reported . Peterson is from Colville in eastern Washington , KOMO reported . She had been living with a friend in Hansville and attending Kingston High School . The father said the daughter had gone to live temporarily with a friend of her late mother , the station reported . Scott Wilson , spokesman for the Kitsap County Sheriff 's Office , said Peterson was reported missing by her father on October 1 , KOMO reported . Detectives later discovered bank activity and other evidence that she was alive , he said . The woman was found outside Manhattan 's Covenant House youth shelter around 12:30 a.m. October 9 . The organization said that she was not a resident at the time and did not appear as if she intended to seek refuge at the facility . A security guard for the shelter noticed the woman walking on the sidewalk near Covenant House and approached her . Finding her unresponsive , he called the New York City Police Department . Police officers interviewed the woman , but it became clear that she could n't provide authorities with any information about herself . Police said she was wearing military green camouflage pants , a black shirt and a pair of black sneakers when she was discovered . The CNN viewer who identified her was familiar with her situation and knew she had been missing this month , police said . Police said they do not know how she lost her memory . "  I just want to know who I am and what happened to me , " the young woman said in a statement previously released by the New York City Administration of Children 's Services . Evan Buxbaum , Susan Candiotti and Vanessa Juarez contributed to the report .	KOMO-TV : Family says this is n't first time woman found with apparent memory loss Kacie A. Peterson , 18 , was found outside Manhattan youth shelter October 9 Police : Woman claimed not to know her name , family CNN viewer in Maryland identified the woman , police say
In an exodus of almost biblical proportions , thousands trudge across a river to escape killers belonging to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS . Entire families carry nothing but the clothes on their backs . Some are barefoot . Jamal Jamir , a 23-year-old university student from Sinjar , told CNN his family fled to the barren and windswept Mount Sinjar more than a week ago after ISIS captured their town . The group , which calls itself the Islamic State , has been on a rampage , killing members of various minorities , including Yazidis . Jamir said after ISIS arrived in his town , Arab neighbors of his turned on the minorities and helped ISIS kill . "  They join them , and actually they kill us . " "  People you know ? " CNN asked . "  Yes , " he responded . "  People -- our neighbors ! " Jamir 's family was among tens of thousands who flocked to the mountain and desperately waited for airdrops of food and water . His family escaped to Mount Sinjar on foot and made a marathon 15-hour journey to Syria . After traveling northeast along the border , many families have been crossing a bridge in Faysh Khabur , back into Kurdish-controlled Iraq . Jamir said two of his young brothers did n't make it . "  What we do ? " he said . "  Not enough water and dusty . ... They died . "  We are poor people . We do n't have any problem with anybody . We need someone  to  help us . " The Kurdish peshmerga and Iraqi air force have orchestrated helicopter flights to bring necessities to the mountain and lift some people out . One flight crashed Tuesday , killing the pilot and injuring some others on board . Now , the United States is considering a possible air evacuation , a U.S. official said Wednesday . No decision has yet been made . An estimated 10,000 to 20,000 people remain on Mount Sinjar , according to Fuad Hussein , chief of staff of the Kurdistan Regional Government . There are only broad figures because of the expanse of the area , he said . Some previous estimates have been substantially higher . A senior official in Irbil , Iraq , speaking to CNN on condition of anonymity , gave an estimate similar to Hussein 's , and added that some endangered Yazidis have not made it to the mountain . "  A few thousand " are moving in the direction of Mount Sinjar from their villages , the official said . ISIS has also captured part of Syria , in its continuing effort to establish what it calls an Islamic caliphate . Activists said Wednesday the group has overtaken villages near the northern city of Aleppo following violent clashes with rival Islamist groups . While U.S. airstrikes have helped the fight against ISIS in Iraq , the United States has not taken such action over ISIS-controlled areas in Syria . An uncertain future Descendants of Kurds and followers of an ancient pre-Islamic religion , Yazidis are one of Iraq 's smallest minorities . They have faced persecution for centuries and have a strong sense of community . When the refugees crossed a river and stepped into Syria , their suffering did not end . Relief workers provided two plates of chicken to a family of 12 . People slept in the open , perhaps using scraps of cardboard for a bed . Many were too sick and exhausted to walk any farther . It 's unclear what lies ahead for those who managed to escape ISIS and Mount Sinjar . Some aid groups have teams helping , and the United States is working to help Iraqi leaders organize humanitarian relief . But for now , some Yazidis tell CNN as they re-enter Iraqi territory , they play plan to camp out by the river . ISIS executes civilians who do n't adhere to its version of Sunni Islam . The group celebrates its own savagery , hoisting severed heads on poles and posting numerous videos online . During one of the airdrops on the mountain , a CNN crew observed as the crewmen tossed food and water to the ground . Then the helicopter landed and was rushed by Yazidis seeking to escape . In a chaotic scene , some of the adults pushed their children on board , and some climbed on themselves . When the helicopter finally took off , the refugees wept out of relief . At the refugee camp near the Iraqi-Syrian border , some people are finding relatives they 've not seen for years . Jamir , for instance , reunited with a missing cousin . "  We lost each other ! " he said . "  We lost each other ! Thank God , we arrived ! " In Israel , a desperate Yazidi father Khairy al-Shingari is among the many Yazidis around the world with family members who fled to Mount Sinjar . He made it into Israel with his six-month old son who needed life-saving heart surgery -- just days before ISIS overran his village , where his wife and four other children were left behind . "  There were hundreds of young men and children . Like this , they cut off their heads . And they scream ` God is great ? ' What kind of human beings are they ? And they describe us as infidels ? " Al-Shingari told his family to flee to the mountains , where ISIS ' vehicles ca n't reach . "  They stayed seven days . There was no water , food , no medicine . They had to come down from the mountains , risking their lives . " Now , he got word that his wife and kids survived , making it into the Kurdish region . And his baby boy is recovering well at a Tel Aviv hospital . But others are learning the worst . In the U.S. , Yazidis fear for loved ones Nawaf Suliaman is one of hundreds of Yazidis living in Lincoln , Nebraska , in the central United States . He learned that four relatives , all of them children , died of dehydration while on the hillside . And his sisters are being held by ISIS -- forced to convert to Islam or die . Faysal Shaqooli says his sister is being held as well . "  The terrible things she saw with her own eyes , " he says . "  One pregnant woman refused . They cut her belly . " His sister has a phone which she hides from her captors , he says . When President Barack Obama announced targeted strikes against ISIS targets , "  there was hugs and cries everywhere , " says Laila Khoudeida , another member of the Yazidi community in Nebraska . But the worries continue . "  Many of us are sleep-deprived . We can not eat , " she says . Sometimes when his sister has called , Shaqooli says , he did n't answer . "  I did n't know what to say -- what to tell her . "	Officials estimate 10,000-20 ,000 Yazidis on Mount Sinjar ISIS has captured more villages in Syria , activists say "  They join them , and actually they kill us , " a Yazidi says of Arab residents Yazidis ' loved ones in Israel and U.S. fear for them
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Key members of Congress from both parties want NASA 's internal watchdog fired , arguing he ca n't be trusted to oversee the $ 1 billion in additional money the space agency is getting under the Obama administration 's economic stimulus package . Lawmakers say NASA 's inspector general can not be trusted and must go . Government reports dating back to 2006 have accused NASA Inspector General Robert "  Moose " Cobb of ineffectiveness , of profanely berating employees and being too close to the agency 's leadership . Calls for his ouster have intensified in the past month , since NASA is getting additional stimulus money for space exploration , research , and aeronautics . "  Apparently , Mr. Cobb thought he was supposed to be the lap dog , rather than the watchdog , of NASA , " Rep. Bart Gordon , D-Tennessee , told CNN . Gordon , chairman of the House Committee on Science and Technology , has asked President Obama to remove Cobb . In a letter co-authored by Rep. Brad Miller , D-North Carolina , who leads the House Subcommittee on Investigations and Oversight , the lawmakers argue that "  NASA can not afford another four years with an ineffective inspector general . " Watch NASA watchdog under fire " "  It 's incredibly ironic for members of Congress who have scolded the inspector general for lousy oversight to dump a billion dollars into the agency , " said Pete Sepp , vice president of the National Taxpayers Union , a nonprofit , nonpartisan watchdog group that monitors government spending . "  The first thing you do when you 're digging a hole is to stop digging . Congress does n't seem to get that message . " Cobb declined two requests from CNN to respond to the complaints . In December 2008 , the Government Accountability Office released a report that criticized how Cobb was running the inspector general 's office . The GAO , the investigative arm of Congress , "  found that Mr. Cobb is one of the least productive IGs in the federal government , " Gordon and Miller wrote . "  His monetary accomplishments reflect a return of just 36 cents for every dollar budgeted for his office . This compares with an average of $ 9.49 returned for every dollar spent on other IGs ' offices . The main reason for this failure is that NASA 's audit operation is not working . " Gordon told CNN that Cobb 's "  own peers said he was n't doing his job , that he did n't understand the audit process and that he was not carrying out the investigation process . As a matter of fact , he was slowing it down , or even stopping it . " And Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley , the ranking Republican on the Senate Finance Committee , agreed that Cobb must be replaced . "  Inspectors general are the first line of defense against the waste of taxpayers ' money , " Grassley told CNN . "  And , if he 's not doing his job , and you stick another billion dollars into it , then you just know there 's another billion dollars that there could be a lot of waste of it . " A 2006 investigation by a presidential integrity council found Cobb "  engaged in abuse of authority " and had a "  close relationship " with former NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe that "  compromised " his independence . The two played golf together and took official trips together on NASA aircraft . Read investigative integrity report  Warning : Report contains explicit language The committee also found that Cobb "  engaged in an abuse of authority " through his "  habitual use of profanity , " and recommended disciplinary action "  up to and including removal , " Gordon and Miller wrote . Cobb defended himself at a 2007 congressional hearing , arguing that he had upheld his oath of office . "  At NASA , I have taken the responsibilities of office under the Inspector General Act seriously and without compromise to root out and prevent fraud , waste and abuse , and to promote the economy and efficiency of the agency , " he said . "  I 've worked with NASA management in the manner contemplated by the Inspector General Act . " But former staffers told the committee that Cobb created a disturbing work environment . "  One of my early experiences with Mr. Cobb was so disturbing that I considered leaving the OIG almost immediately afterwards , " said Debra Herzog , former deputy assistant inspector-general for investigations . "  At a scheduled weekly meeting , Mr. Cobb , in front of his deputy and my supervisor , berated me concerning a word in a letter . In an ensuing monologue , loudly peppered with profanities , Mr. Cobb insulted and ridiculed me , " Herzog recounted . Lance Carrington , the former assistant inspector general for investigations , told the panel that "  in many investigative cases , Mr. Cobb appeared to have a lack of independence when NASA officials were subjects , or if arrest/search warrants were obtained for NASA facilities . Mr. Cobb would question every aspect of the cases and gave the appearance he wanted to derail them before agents were given adequate time to investigate the allegations . " Gordon told CNN it 's time for Cobb to go . "  President Obama needs to replace Mr. Cobb as quickly as possible with someone who can do the job , " he said .	Lawmakers say NASA watchdog ca n't be trusted to oversee $ 1B in stimulus funds Government reports say NASA inspector general is too closely tied to the agency IG Robert Cobb "  thought he was supposed to be the lap dog , " congressman says Cobb declined two requests to speak with CNN for this report
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration warned the public Tuesday not to use body-building products marketed as containing steroids or steroid-like substances . To be a dietary supplement , a product must contain at least one vitamin , mineral , amino acid or herb . The agency said many of the products are sold as dietary substances , but are actually unapproved and misbranded drugs . "  Products marketed for body building and claiming to contain steroids or steroid-like substances are illegal and potentially quite dangerous , " said the agency 's commissioner , Dr. Margaret Hamburg , "  The FDA is taking enforcement action today to protect the public . " The agency sent a warning letter to American Cellular Laboratories Inc. , saying it markets and distributes products that are labeled dietary supplements , but that violate the Federal Food , Drug and Cosmetic Act because they do not meet the definition of dietary supplement . To be a dietary supplement , the product has to contain one or more dietary ingredients , such as vitamins , minerals , amino acids , or herbs . The affected products are TREN-Xtreme , MASS Xtreme , ESTRO Xtreme , AH-89-Xtreme , HMG Xtreme , MMA-3 Xtreme , VNS-9 Xtreme , and TT-40-Xtreme , the agency said . They are sold as muscle stimulants for body builders who want to add muscle , lose weight and retain muscle mass . Sold mostly at gyms , by mail order and over the Internet , the products claim to have steroid-like ingredients but actually contain synthetic steroids , the agency said . The FDA considers them to be unapproved new drugs and says they are neither effective nor safe . Over the past two years , the agency said , it has received five adverse reports directly related to the named products , including serious liver injury . While there were no reports of acute liver failure or death , it said , there were hospitalizations . Another 15 events were attributed to this type of product in general , it said . "  Due to the potentially serious health risks associated with using these types of products , the FDA recommends that consumers immediately stop using all body-building products that claim to contain steroids or steroid-like substances , " the agency said in a public health advisory . The agency recommends that anyone taking the products stop immediately and see a doctor if they experience various side effects . American Cellular Laboratories has been given 15 business days to respond in writing to the warning letter , outlining the corrective steps they plan to take .	Agency says some products are misbranded as dietary substances Products marketed to body builders to add muscle , lose weight , retain muscle mass FDA : Products claim to have steroid-like ingredients but contain synthetic steroids American Cellular Laboratories has 15 days to respond with corrective plan
Ars Technica  -- The white plastic MacBook is officially dead for good after Apple notified resellers that it will no longer be available to educational institutions . The 13-inch machine was essentially killed off for most of the public last July , but the budget laptop continued to be available to schools for the last six months . Now , however , the machine has officially been EOL 'd  End of Lifed  , bringing the old iBook legacy to an end once and for all . As noted by MacRumors , Apple informed resellers of the product EOL on Wednesday , saying they had ended the educational distribution channel for the machine . It 's unlikely that Apple has been actively manufacturing white MacBooks up to this point , either -- it 's not public how long the company did manufacture it  if at all  past last July , but its cancellation this week was likely due to the end of whatever remaining supply was available . When Apple made the white MacBook unavailable to the public last year , it was on the same day the company introduced its 11-inch MacBook Air for $ 999 -- the same price the as the MacBook . Apple does n't typically like to sell Macs for much cheaper than that for extended periods of time , so it was only a matter of time before the white MacBook bid the world farewell . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	The 13-inch Macbook was essentially killed off for most of the public last July But the budget laptop continued to be available to schools for the last six months On Wednesday , Apple ended the educational distribution channel for the machine
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Wednesday took on Republican congressional critics of her department 's handling of the deadly September terrorist attack in Libya . Conservative GOP members challenged Clinton on the lack of security at the diplomatic compound in Benghazi as well as the erroneous account that the attack grew spontaneously from a protest over an anti-Islam film produced in the United States . At two hearings , which together totaled more than five hours , Clinton acknowledged a "  systemic breakdown " cited by an independent review of issues leading up to the armed assault and said her department was taking additional steps to increase security at U.S. diplomatic facilities . Here are five things we learned from the hearings before the Senate Foreign Relations and House Foreign Affairs committees . Read more : Clinton takes on Benghazi critics 1 . What Clinton did the day of the Benghazi attack Clinton spent the better part of last September 11 trying to get a handle on security at several other U.S. embassies in the Middle East where anti-American protests were in full swing over an anti-Muslim film produced in the United States . She said the U.S. embassy was "  under assault " by crowds trying to scale the wall . American embassies in Yemen and Tunisia were also facing a "  serious threat . Clinton personally called the president of Tunisia , she said , to "  beg him to send reinforcements , which he did , to finally save our embassy . " By 4 p.m. that day , Clinton was notified about the Benghazi attack . In the coming hours , she was in meetings and spoke with staff , the American Embassy in Tripoli and other U.S. officials . Directing the U.S. response from the State Department , Clinton stayed in touch with officials across the administration and with the Libyan government . She instructed her staff to "  consider every option , to just break down the doors of the Libyan officials to get as much security support as we possibly could . " Clinton said in the hours and days following the attack in Benghazi , there were "  no delays in decision-making . No denials of support from Washington or from our military , " something an independent board established to review the matter cited in its report . #whatdifferencedoesitmake : Clinton quote goes viral on Twitter 2 . U.S. diplomatic posts in some 20 countries under threat Clinton said threats to U.S. diplomatic posts are ongoing . "  Sitting here today , we probably have at least 20 other posts that are under a serious threat environment as I speak to you , " she told senators . "  We operate in places where we know that our facilities are being surveilled for potential attacks where we have a steady Intel stream of plotting . " Clinton detailed what the State Department has done to begin implementing the 29 recommendations of the Accountability Review Board to improve security at diplomatic posts in high-threat areas , in addition to a few of her own . Opinion : Benghazi blame game is useless Specifically , Clinton has appointed a team , led by her deputy , to focus on tightening security , sent joint teams of military special forces and diplomatic security threat analysts to more than a dozen high-risk posts and appointed a senior official to focus exclusively on those areas . The State Department is also working to streamline requests for security so they make their way more quickly up the chain of leadership . Despite the threat , Clinton stressed the importance of U.S. leadership and diplomatic presence in the Middle East . "  We 've come a long way in the past four years , and we can not afford to retreat now , " Clinton told senators . "  When America is absent , especially from unstable environments , there are consequences . Extremism takes root , our interests suffer , our security at home is threatened . " Read more : Pentagon releases official timeline of Benghazi attack 3 . Clinton not shying away from a fight Clinton grew emotional and held back tears when talking about U.S. personnel killed in the Benghazi attack . "  For me , this is not just a matter of policy , it 's personal . I stood next to President Obama as the Marines carried those flag-draped caskets off the plane at Andrews , " Clinton said as she choked back tears . "  I put my arms around the mothers and fathers , the sisters and brothers , the sons and daughters , and the wives left alone to raise their children . " But she lost patience with the focus of Republican senators on talking points used by U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice on the next Sunday 's talk shows that focused on a protest at the U.S. post in Benghazi , which turned out not to have taken place . Opinion : Rand Paul vs. Hillary Clinton , clash of titans When Sen. Ron Johnson pressed Clinton on why the State Department did n't call U.S. personnel who were evacuated from Benghazi to determine whether there was a protest , Clinton took him to task . "  With all due respect , the fact is we had four dead Americans , " Clinton reminded Johnson as she banged her hand on the table . "  Was it because of a protest or was it because of guys out for a walk one night decided they 'd go kill some Americans ? What difference , at this point , does it make ? It is our job to figure out what happened and do everything we can to prevent it from ever happening , " she said . Photos : Hillary Clinton through the years 4 . Militants in Mali and Algeria have arms from Libya Clinton warned the security situation in northern Mali , where international forces are battling militants , has been exacerbated by flow of weapons from neighboring Libya following the fall of Moammar Gadhafi . She said there was "  no doubt " such weapons were also used in an attack by militants on an Algerian natural gas plant last week . She noted the aftermath of the Arab spring has changed power dynamics and stretched security forces across the region thin . Calling the campaign struggle against the Islamic fighters a necessary response to "  a very serious , ongoing threat , " Clinton said the "  United States can not permit northern Mali to become a safe-haven for Islamist rebels that could eventually pose a more direct threat to U.S. interests . " Noting the increased strength of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , the regional affiliate of the al Qaeda network fighting along side local Malians , Clinton warned that the United States must prepare for the possibility that groups like AQIM could threaten direct attacks on U.S. interests as they gain power . "  You ca n't say because they have n't done something they 're not going to do it , " Clinton said . "  This is not only a terrorist syndicate , it is a criminal enterprise . So make no mistake about it , we 've got to have a better strategy . " Read more : Clinton lays out daunting security challenges in North Africa 5 . Republicans still are n't buying it While their tone was generally respectful , several Republican senators made clear they were unsatisfied with Clinton 's answers . Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , one of the administration 's toughest critics since the Benghazi attack , took Clinton to task for what he considered lackluster attention to the growing threat in Benghazi . McCain wanted to know why Clinton had n't read a cable from Ambassador Christopher Stevens warning that the mission in Benghazi could not survive a sustained assault . Sen. Rand Paul said it would have been an offense worthy of firing Clinton had he been president . McCain also blasted Clinton 's answers to questions about the administration 's claim that a protest had taken place in Benghazi . "  The American people deserve to know answers , and they certainly do n't deserve false answers , " McCain told Clinton . Clinton was more diplomatic with her old friend , saying she respected his strong feelings for the incident given his own relationship with Stevens , but that they disagreed about what happened and when it happened with respect to explaining events . In addition to lessons the State Department learned about improving security at diplomatic posts , Clinton , who called the Benghazi attack an act of terrorism since Day One , suggested the administration might learn another lesson . "  Just withhold . Do n't say what you do n't know for sure until it 's finally decided . " Read more : Polls on Clinton 's side	Hillary Clinton testifies for more than five hours before two congressional committees Clinton , at one point , grew exasperated with line of questioning over Benghazi response Some Republican lawmakers say they are not satisfied with Clinton 's answers Four Americans killed in September 11 attack , including U.S. ambassador to Libya
CNN  -- Never mind those pesky norovirus outbreaks on cruise ships earlier this year . And who wants to hear more unappetizing details from the first Carnival Triumph "  poop cruise " trial ? Millions of cruisers set sail every year for fun , sun and relaxation , and we assume that most of them return home happy and rested . Disney 's cruise ships seem to make many of those cruisers especially happy , as seen from their big wins at the 2014 Cruise Critic Cruisers ' Choice Awards , the Cruise Critic website announced Wednesday . Disney 's Fantasy ship took 6 of 10 awards in the large ship category , while Disney 's Wonder took 3 of 10 awards in the mid-size ship category . "  The Cruisers ' Choice Awards are a fantastic honor for cruise lines to receive as they 're based on personal experiences shared by cruisers themselves , " said Carolyn Spencer Brown , editor-in-chief of Cruise Critic . "  This list of winners truly reflects excellence in the industry , and serves as a seal of approval from consumers who have sailed on these ships over the past year . " The awards are bestowed in three different ship categories , based on passenger capacity . Large ships carry 2,000 or more passengers . Mid-size ships carry 1,200 to 1,999 passengers . Small ships carry less than 1200 . Awards are calculated using Cruise Critic member ratings . Click through the gallery to see the rest of the winners .	Two Disney ships took multiple honors Fine dining is increasingly important at sea One ship won the best overall and the best value for money awards
CNN  -- Comedian and actor Kevin Hart says he 'll straighten up his act . And he 's not being funny . Los Angeles traffic police arrested the stand-up comic on "  suspicion " of drunken driving early Sunday . They observed him speeding down a freeway at 90 mph in his black Mercedes , weaving across traffic lanes and almost running into a gas tanker truck , the California Highway Patrol said in a statement . When patrol officers pursued him , he took an off ramp and pulled over , police said . "  Mr. Hart had objective signs of intoxication and was unable to perform the field sobriety tests , " the statement read . The comedian later tweeted : "  When the cop asked me to take the sobriety test I said ` WHY WASTE OUR TIME ... I 'M DRUNK MAN . ' " Police booked him into jail and held him on a $ 5,000 bond . "  This is a wake up call for me , I have to be smarter & last night I was n't ... everything happens for a reason , " he tweeted Sunday . In a stand-up routine in his 2011 movie "  Laugh At My Pain , " Hart lampooned his father 's alleged embarrassing behavior due to a drug addiction . But he does not make light of his own intoxicated behavior . "  Drinking & driving is not a game or a laughing matter . People have lost lives because of stupid ... this ! , " he said on his verified Twitter account . Hart has been in various movies , including "  Think Like a Man " and "  The Five-Year Engagement . " He 's also appeared in television shows , including "  Modern Family . " CNN 's Tresha Lindo contributed to this report .	In 2011 , Kevin Hart lampooned his father 's alleged intoxicated behavior Police say Hart drove 90 mph and nearly hit a gas tanker Hart says on Twitter that he was drunk He calls the arrest a "  wake-up call "
CNN  -- Authorities have officially dropped all charges against an American who tried to snatch back his children from his ex-wife in Japan , the Fukuoka prosecutor 's office said Thursday . Charges had been technically "  on hold " since Christopher Savoie was released from jail in October , though legal experts had said the move essentially meant the charges had already been dropped . The prosecutor 's office said at the time that Savoie was released after he promised not to take his children back to the United States "  in this manner . " It was not clear whether he had a chance to see his children after his release . Savoie , 38 , a Tennessee native and naturalized Japanese citizen , allegedly abducted his children -- 8-year-old Isaac and 6-year-old Rebecca -- as his ex-wife walked them to school on September 28 in Yanagawa . With the children , Savoie headed for the nearest U.S. consulate in Fukuoka to try to obtain passports for them . Screaming at guards to let him in the compound , Savoie was steps from the front gate but still standing on Japanese soil when he was arrested . Savoie and his first wife , Noriko Savoie , were married for 14 years before a bitter divorce in January . The couple had lived in Japan , but moved to the United States before the divorce . Noriko Savoie received custody of the children and agreed to remain in the United States . Christopher Savoie had visitation rights . On the day that the children were to start school in August , Savoie learned that his ex-wife had fled with them to Japan . Savoie later filed for and received full custody of the children , and police in Franklin , Tennessee , issued an arrest warrant for his ex-wife . But Japan is not a party to the 1980 Hague convention on international child abduction -- though the government has expressed interest in reconsidering -- so the warrant was not recognized by Tokyo . Japanese law follows a tradition of sole-custody divorces . When a couple splits , one parent typically makes a complete and lifelong break from the children . Complicating the matter is the fact that the couple is still considered married in Japan , because they never divorced there , police said . The children also hold Japanese passports , Japanese authorities have said . Foreign parents have had little luck in regaining custody , the U.S. State Department said . Savoie 's current wife , Amy , said in October that her family has been ripped apart . "  Isaac and Rebecca had a very , very happy situation here in Tennessee , " she said . "  They have people who love them here . " She said she did not think the parties could work out an agreeable arrangement regarding the children . "  There are two parents who love these children and one of them has just been -- just cast aside . " CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	Christopher Savoie was jailed in Japan after trying to get kids back from mother Noriko Savoie was granted custody of kids , later fled to Japan Christopher Savoie was steps away from U.S. consulate when he was arrested Authorities released Christopher Savoie after he said he would not take kids "  in this manner "
CNN  -- China will sometimes say "  no " and the world should get used to it . That message came through last weekend when China , one of five permanent U.N. Security Council members , joined Russia in blocking action on Syria . Their vetoes derailed a draft resolution condemning Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's 11-month-old attempt to crush opposition groups and demanding an end to attacks on peaceful protesters . "  Do not mistakenly think that because China takes a careful and responsible position on this -LSB- Syria -RSB- issue , China will not use its veto power or will always abstain , " said Cui Tiankai , China 's vice foreign minister . "  When China must use its veto power , it will surely use it . " On Saturday , Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , called the vetoes "  disgusting and shameful . " "  Those that have blocked potentially the last effort to resolve this peacefully ... will have any future blood spill on their hands , " she said after the voting . But Cui said there is nothing unusual for the five permanent members of the Security Council to disagree on certain issues . Speaking at a press briefing Thursday on the eve of a visit to the United States by Xi Jinping , the Chinese vice president , Cui said America 's displeasure over China 's veto will not affect China-U.S. cooperation on other international issues . In China , the veto was hailed by local media as a significant change in Beijing 's diplomatic tack . "  Abstaining is no longer always a choice as China is forced to speak out , " according to an editorial in the state-run Global Times , an official English-language daily . "  China needs to speak out . Hiding its true thinking does not help avoid trouble . " The Global Times said China 's veto does not indicate a China-Russia alliance . "  Both China and Russia have their own interests and dignity , " it added . He Wenping , director of African Studies at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences said the veto shows China 's confidence in foreign affairs . "  A country expressing its true opinion -- that 's progress , " he said . So why did China use its veto this time ? "  China opposes the use of threat or force to achieve regime change in other countries , " said He Wenping . "  This is consistent with China 's long-standing diplomacy principle . It is also not acceptable for China to rush a -LSB- U.N. -RSB- vote without sufficient consultation . " China , she added , does not wish see a reprise of what she considers a debacle over Libya . "  On Libya , NATO misused the rights given by the U.N. resolution about setting up the no-fly zone , which was then turned into ` regime change ' in Libya , " she said . Ruan Zongze , a senior researcher at the China Institute of International Studies , agreed : "  What concerns China most is possible regime change and foreign military intervention , " he said . "  We ask the international community to give more space and time for dialogue within Syria . " On February 6 , the state-run People 's Daily wrote in an editorial : "  It is Syrian people 's democratic right to choose a government they want . But hatred and separatists will remain a challenge no matter who is ruling , the government has to stabilize the country and protect people 's safety . It will still come down to the problem of peace among nations and tribes . " China is ranked as the third-largest supplier of imports to Syria in 2010 , according to data from the European Commission . But local experts downplay the scale of China 's stakes and national interests in Syria . "  Compared with Russia , China does not have that much interest in Syria and in the Middle East , " He Wenping said . "  Of course , in the greater Middle East , we need and we depend on the energy , say , the oil coming from the region . " Liu Weimin , a spokesman for China 's Foreign Ministry , rejected criticisms of China 's veto . "  China does not have its own selfish interest on the issue of Syria , " he said in a news conference . "  We do not deliberately shelter or oppose any country . Instead , we uphold justice in dealing with the issue . " But China 's critics say China 's veto of the U.N. draft resolution was in part due to Beijing 's fear that allowing a regime change in Syria could encourage the spread of the Arab revolution and eventually threaten China . He Wenping disagrees . "  In my opinion , more than 99 % of Chinese do not want to see an Arab Spring revolution in China , and they do not believe that there will be one in China , " she says . "  China has a completely different political system and economic development path . If someone in the international community thinks that the Arab Spring will happen in China , then I think they misjudge the situation in China , exaggerate some problems in the Chinese society and underestimate the ability of the Chinese government to control the situation in China . " As to Ambassador Susan Rice 's blunt reaction to China 's and Russia 's vetoes , He Wenping quips : "  I think the statement shows utter lack of diplomatic protocol . The statement itself is disgusting . "	China joined Russia in using its veto to block a U.N. Security Council draft resolution on Syria China 's use of veto marks a significant change in Beijing 's diplomatic tack , local media says Some analysts say the move shows Beijing 's fear that political upheaval will spread to China
CNN  -- It 's been a decade since the tragic death of R&B star and budding actress Aaliyah Dana Haughton . Just 22 years old at the time of her death , she was in the Bahamas heading back to the States after wrapping up her 2001 music video , "  Rock The Boat . " The twin-engine plane crashed shortly after takeoff . Aboard were Aaliyah and eight others -- including her hair stylist , Eric Forman , makeup artists Anthony Dodd and Christopher Maldonado , security guard Scott Gallin , video producer Douglas Kratz , Blackground Records employees Keith Wallace and Gina Smith , and the pilot , Luis Morales III . In an instant their lives and Aaliyah 's promising career were gone . Born in Brooklyn and raised in Detroit , she quickly garnered a fan base in the early '90s with her original take on R&B music . Working with industry greats like Missy Elliott , Timbaland , R. Kelly and more , she topped the charts with a slew of hits , including "  Back & Forth , " "  Age Ai n't Nothin ' But a Number , " "  Are You That Somebody " and "  We Need A Resolution " . Aaliyah 's standout fashion sense made her a hot commodity among the fashion crowd : She modeled for Tommy Hilfiger , who showcased her tomboy appeal -- baggy jeans and a tight-fitting shirt -- and was featured on the covers of many magazines with that trendsetting hair swoop over her left eye . Her influence on the music game is still relevant today . She has inspired artists from singer-rapper Drake to pop superstar Beyonce . Ciara , who is best known for her singing and dancing moves , has an Aaliyah-inspired stage presence and dressing style . Singer-songwriter Tank , who worked closely with Aaliyah on her last two albums , spoke with Concrete Loop earlier this year about where she would be right now if she were alive . "  She would be at the top and there would probably be a few people who would n't have careers , " he said . If you think about it , she was already on top . At the time of her death , she had three top-selling albums under her belt , many nominations and awards and was slated to have a big role in "  The Matrix Reloaded " and "  Matrix Revolution " movies . She had just completed her work on the film , "  Queen of The Damned " and was already being sought after for other movie roles . Not to mention , she had a solid and loyal fan base . However , the rest of her journey to superstardom just was n't meant to be . A month before her untimely death , Aaliyah granted MTV 's show "  Diary " behind-the-scenes access to her fast-paced life and said , "  I am truly blessed to wake up every morning to do something that I love ; there is nothing better than that . " She continued , "  Everything is worth it -- the hard work , the times when you 're tired , the times when you are a bit sad . In the end , it 's all worth it because it really makes me happy . I would n't trade it for anything else in the world . I 've got good friends , a beautiful family and I 've got a career . I thank God for his blessings every single chance I get . " So , on August 25 , blast Aaliyah 's timeless music loud and remember her for being a trendsetting force in fashion and for helping to redefine and take R&B music to another level .	Born in Brooklyn and raised in Detroit , Aaliyah quickly garnered a fan base in the '90s The late singer worked with industry greats like Missy Elliott , Timbaland and R. Kelly At the time of her death , she had three top-selling albums under her belt
A powerful reaction to women-hater Elliot Rodger 's killing rampage Friday night has been the Twitter hashtag #YesAllWomen , where women point out how misogyny and sexism damage them and restrict their lives . It emerged in response to the common , misguided argument that "  not all men " are like that . Of course not all men are like Elliot Rodger . But he is the product of a culture that condones and in many cases endorses the belief that if you are a "  nice guy " -- or a "  supreme gentleman " as Rodger described himself -- you are somehow entitled to sex with women . Gun control , campus safety and mental illness are all issues raised by the massacre , but hatred of women concerns me most . I am the founder of The UnSlut Project , which fights "  slut shaming " and sexual bullying in our schools and communities . I 'm also a graduate student at University of California , Santa Barbara , where the rampage took place . Why #YesAllWomen took off on Twitter Rodger and others like him believe that sex is a reward to be earned , not a consensual activity between adults who respect each other , and that women are prizes to be won , not actual people with the agency to make decisions about their own bodies . Nowhere is this mindset more obvious than in the reactions of some men who actually sympathize with Rodger . Many of these men are self-described Pick-Up Artists , or PUAs , who employ a series of strict rules in order to manipulate women into having sex with them , referring to those women as their "  targets . " Rodger allegedly participated in forums on the site PUAHate , which criticizes Pick-Up Artists not because of their obviously misogynist tactics , but because those tactics did n't work for him and other PUAHate members . The site shut down Saturday morning with the message : "  PUAHate is about to get a massive amount of press , " according to the watchdog Southern Poverty Law Center . After the killings , the extent of misogyny in this community was revealed in the creation of a Facebook page called "  Elliot Rodger Is an American Hero , " with the advice for everyone to "  share your thoughts and pay your respects to Elliot Rodger here . Also , view this final message from our beloved hero , " which links to his videotaped rant , with commenters expressing solidarity with his desire for revenge against women . The page has since been taken down . The creator of the popular PUA site "  Return of Kings " -- where "  women and homosexuals are prohibited from commenting " -- claimed , "  More people will die unless you give men sexual options . " "  Manosphere " sites like Return of Kings admire "  alpha males , " disparage "  beta males , " and promote hypermasculinity . But again , most men are not members of these hate communities and not all men hold similar beliefs . That 's not the point . These views are just extreme versions of very common , socially acceptable ideas about women and sex . Rodger was undoubtedly mentally unstable , but some of the sexist ideas in his manifesto are , unfortunately , not the invention of a madman . They 're the norm . This is the first time I have publicly identified myself as a graduate student at UCSB . I founded The UnSlut Project by blogging my own middle school diary , so I use a pen name and guard my identity in order to protect people I mentioned in those diary entries . But in the wake of this crisis , I want to speak out . The university has responded in an admirable way : setting up a 24-hour call center and extensive counseling options to help students cope , establishing the U.C . Santa Barbara Community Fund to honor the victims , and organizing campuswide memorial events . Opinion : Shooter 's rage at women too familiar in America As the details of Rodger 's history and the crime itself continue to emerge , we will have a better idea of the institutional steps that could have been taken to prevent it . We will write letters to our representatives and use our votes to speak up about what we believe should be done to prevent future tragedies . But in the meantime , on a personal level , we need to take responsibility for our own reactions to this story . We teach our children from a young age that a girl 's value as a human being is inextricably linked to her sexual behavior . Her virginity is something to be "  given up " or even "  lost . " Sex with her is a prize to be won -- and she herself is equated with that "  prize . " In stark contrast , boys are taught that their virginity is something to be ashamed of . Their masculinity depends on sexual prowess and physical dominance . It is from this understanding that the PUA movement arises , populated by boys and men who feel worthless because they do n't have sex . Their anger is directed at the women -- the "  prizes " -- who refuse to "  give " them what they feel they deserve . So where do we go from here ? Although it brought to light the various struggles of women across the country , #YesAllWomen is , ultimately , just a hashtag . It will stop trending . When it does , let 's continue the conversation outside the realm of social media . Tuesday afternoon , I will join the rest of the UCSB community at a memorial service for Rodger 's victims . As we mourn Katherine Cooper , Christopher Martinez , Veronika Weiss , Weihan Wang , George Chen , and Cheng Yuan Hong , conversations will focus on their lives , personalities , and accomplishments . But as we move forward and try to make sense of what happened , it 's our responsibility to start productive , respectful conversations about the misogyny behind Rodger 's actions . Instead of avoiding talking about sex , let 's start age-appropriate conversations with our children about consent and respect . Let 's speak up when a man in our group of friends speaks disrespectfully about a woman he 's had sex with . And most important , let 's analyze our own assumptions about what sex means with regard to different genders . Most men are not killers like Elliot Rodger . Most men do n't sympathize with his motives . But all of us , regardless of gender , can contribute to changing the misogynist culture that inspired him .	Emily Lindin : Elliot Rodger is part of a culture that says nice guys are entitled to sex with women Lindin : Extremely misogynistic sites promote view that women are prizes , not actual people Lindin : Facebook page created by proponents was called "  Elliot Rodger Is an American Hero " She says we need to eradicate this hate by openly talking about it to children , communities
CNN  -- Garth Brooks , one of the biggest country stars of all time , said Thursday he is coming out of retirement after nine years away from the music business , and will start a concert engagement in Las Vegas . Garth Brooks performs during inaugural festivities in Washington in January . Brooks made the announcement at a press conference at the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville , Tennessee , followed later in the day by a second press conference at the Wynn Las Vegas hotel after flying an entourage of media from Nashville . At the Wynn , he announced he had agreed to a "  series of special engagements , " as a press release phrased it . How it came about depended who you asked . "  Steve asked me to come out here , " Brooks , wearing his traditional black cowboy hat , told the audience of reporters in Las Vegas , as he sat next to casino owner Steve Wynn on an auditorium stage .  Earlier , Wynn said Brooks had approached him .  Brooks sampled a room Wynn had suggested , putting on a show for more than 1,000 people , and said he was unsure about settling in for a long-term arrangement . "  I told him he could n't afford me -- I was wrong , " Brooks said . Watch Brooks talk about his decision to come out of retirement " Brooks has three daughters -- 17 , 15 and 13 -- to whom he 's devoted , and he told Wynn he wanted to make sure he was home in Oklahoma to be with his children until the last one graduates from high school . So Wynn got Brooks a plane ; the singer will work one show Fridays , two shows on Saturdays and one Sundays , and be back home for Monday morning . "  Did I tell you about the plane ? " Brooks asked , more than once , when reporters inquired how he would pull things off . The Vegas engagement is not a kickoff to a tour , according to spokeswoman Nancy Seltzer . "  If he tours again , it still wo n't be until his youngest goes to college , " Seltzer told CNN via text message . Brooks stressed that situation at the press conference . He wo n't be recording new albums or touring , he said : "  The only place you 'll see me is here . " Brooks , 47 , was one of country 's biggest stars in the 1990s . His albums , including "  Ropin ' the Wind , " "  The Chase " and "  In Pieces , " sold in excess of 100 million copies , according to the Recording Industry Association of America . Brooks also was renowned for his concerts , which were energetic affairs in which he drove himself and his band hard . Brooks has had his missteps , most notably a 1999 concept album credited to an alter ego rock singer , Chris Gaines . Though the album received positive reviews , his traditional audience did n't know what to make of it , and the rock audience did n't respond . A film about the life of Chris Gaines was shelved . Brooks announced his retirement in 2000 , saying he wanted to spend more time with his family . His last album of new material , "  Scarecrow , " came out in 2001 , though he 's lent his voice to occasional tribute singles and concerts , including a performance for President Obama 's inauguration festivities this year . Brooks is married to fellow country singer Trisha Yearwood , whom he wed in 2005 . Brooks will work at the Wynn Las Vegas 15 weekends a year . Every three months or so , Brooks said , he 'll make a decision about continuing and exactly which weekends . "  As innocent and as simple as this business can be , is what this deal is , " Brooks said . Tickets will cost $ 125 a seat , Wynn said . The first show will be December 11 . Tickets go on sale October 24 . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	NEW : Garth Brooks to perform at "  series of special engagements " in Vegas Retired since 2000 , Brooks has done tribute singles , sang at inauguration festivities Country singer , one of the biggest of all time , announced comeback in Nashville Brooks dominated the '90s with albums such as "  Ropin ' the Wind "
CNN  -- Having played the same hole 10 times in one day , you 'd think Raphael Jacquelin would be sick of the sight of the 18th at Valencia 's Parador de El Saler . But the French golfer was more relieved to have ended a two-year wait for a European Tour title , especially with a new member of the family on the way . "  That is very tiring but I am really , really happy , " he said after winning a nine-hole playoff at the Spanish Open on Sunday , the equal longest decider in the tour 's 41-year history . The 38-year-old clinched his fourth European Tour win , and first since triumphing at the 2011 Sicilian Open , having been tied with Chile 's Felipe Aguilar and Germany 's Maximilian Kieffer after the 72 regulation holes . Aguilar , also 38 , bowed out at the third extra hole , and the other two matched each other par for par in the next five . Jacquelin finally broke the deadlock with a wedge to five feet , sinking the birdie putt to deny 22-year-old Kieffer his maiden top-level victory and claim the    250,000  $ 327,000  first prize . It should lift the 146th-ranked player inside the top 100 . "  I could not make any putts  in the play-off  but the last one dropped , which means a lot for me and my family , " Jacquelin said on the European Tour website after taking his career earnings past    9 million  $ 11.8 million  . "  There 's another baby coming at the end of November ; every time I get a baby , there 's a win so I 'll have a football team after a few years ! " Scotland 's Marc Warren had led for most of the final day , but four bogeys in his last five holes meant he finished in a tie for fourth -- one shot away from making the playoff as he was left to rue a three-putt at 18 . Sergio Garcia tied for 12th at his national event , having flown from Augusta after finishing eighth at the Masters last Sunday . Miguel Angel Jimenez , playing his first tournament since breaking his leg in a skiing accident last year , missed the halfway cut along with former major champions Michael Campbell and Jose Maria Olazabal .	Raphael Jacquelin wins Spanish Open after record-equaling ninth playoff hole Frenchman triumphs in three-way decider , which takes two hours to complete He denies young German Maximilian Kieffer his first top-level victory Chile 's Felipe Aguilar bows out after the third hole of the playoff
CNN  Five Americans who were monitored for three weeks at an Omaha , Nebraska , hospital after being exposed to Ebola in West Africa have been released , a Nebraska Medicine spokesman said in an email Wednesday . One of the five had a heart-related issue on Saturday and has been discharged but has n't left the area , Taylor Wilson wrote . The others have already gone home . They were exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone in March , but none developed the deadly virus . They are clinicians for Partners in Health , a Boston-based aid group . They all had contact with a colleague who was diagnosed with the disease and is being treated at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda , Maryland . As of Monday , that health care worker is in fair condition . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta has said the last of 17 patients who were being monitored are expected to be released by Thursday . More than 10,000 people have died in a West African epidemic of Ebola that dates to December 2013 , according to the World Health Organization . Almost all the deaths have been in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone . Ebola is spread by direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person .	17 Americans were exposed to the Ebola virus while in Sierra Leone in March Another person was diagnosed with the disease and taken to hospital in Maryland National Institutes of Health says the patient is in fair condition after weeks of treatment
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal 's rivals take note -- the Spaniard is on his way back and he 's ready to fire on all cylinders . The former World No. 1 won his first title since ending a seven-month injury layoff by clinching victory in the final of the Brazil Open Sunday . The 26-year-old saw off Argentina 's David Nalbandian 6-2 6-3 in 78 minutes to claim the top prize of $ 82,300 . And Nadal , currently ranked fifth in the world , said he was delighted with his latest success . Nadal 's hardcourt injury claims "  It 's a great title and important for me , " he told reporters . "  Yesterday  during the semi-final  the knee hurt . Today it 's better , rather bearable . I am happy to win in Brazil for the second time . "  I am going to think about Acapulco  later this month  and nothing else . "  We are going to see how the knee responds and then take stock . I do n't have any problem playing against better rivals because I accept that I can lose . Losing is not a problem for me . " Knee injury continues to ` bother ' Nadal Nadal played at the Vina del Mar Open in Chile earlier this month , losing the singles and doubles finals last Sunday . But 11-time grand slam winner is hopeful that he 's back on the right path following a torrid time with injury . He added : "  I just need time to continue improving and return to a more competitive level . " Since last June 's shock second round exit at Wimbledon , Nadal has suffered with a torn tendon and an inflammation of his left knee . Nadal was forced to miss the Olympics and U.S Open as he continued his battle for full fitness . His return was then further delayed by a stomach virus , forcing him to withdraw from the Australian Open . Meanwhile , Milos Raonic confirmed his as the king of the indoor hard court at the SAP Open , winning the San Jose event for the third year in a row . The Canadian beat German Tommy Haas 6-4 6-3 in Sunday 's final , taking winning streak at the event to 12 matches . The world No. 13 has won all 24 sets he has played during his three title-winning campaigns . "  It 's pretty awesome . It 's pretty special , " the 22-year-old Raonic told the ATP World Tour 's official website . "  It 's more than just the trophies that I have . It 's the little things that come with it . "  There was always the maple syrup story . The San Jose Sharks jersey . It all means a lot . With this event , that has had so many great champions , it 's pretty special . To sort of one-up it and three-peat is pretty awesome . "	Rafael Nadal has won the Brazil Open Nadal defeated Argentinas David Nalbandian 6-2 6-3 The title is Nadal 's first since he returned from a seven-month absence Spaniard is now looking ahead to further challenges
CNN  Vladimir Putin lies . Blatantly . Publicly . And , apparently , without chagrin . But a year since the annexation of Crimea , what does that mean for the West 's ability to deal with him regarding Ukraine ? In February 2014 , "  little green men " -- the Ukrainian term for professional soldiers wearing Russian combat fatigues but no identifying insignia -- seized key installations and checkpoints around Crimea . The Russian President 's website reported the following exchange at a March 4 , 2014 , news conference : Question : "  The people who were blocking the Ukrainian army units in Crimea were wearing uniforms that strongly resembled the Russian army uniform . Were those Russian soldiers , Russian military ? " Vladimir Putin : "  Why do n't you take a look at the post-Soviet states ? There are many uniforms there that are similar . You can go to a store and buy any kind of uniform . " Question : "  But were they Russian soldiers or not ? " Vladimir Putin : "  Those were local self-defense units . " Within weeks , Putin admitted they were Russian troops . At the same news conference , Putin said he saw no possibility of Crimea joining Russia and said Moscow would do nothing to "  provoke " that . Two weeks later , he presided as the Russian parliament passed legislation annexing Crimea . In a documentary shown on Russian television last Sunday , Putin said he gave the order to take Crimea on February 23 , 2014 . So , it is clear that Putin can and does lie . But with that in mind , how should Western leaders who must deal with him actually do so ? First of all , they should bear in mind Ronald Reagan 's "  trust but verify " dictum . Second , while Putin may play fast and loose with the truth , he appears to be a rational actor who calculates costs and benefits . The challenge for the West is to structure agreements so that it remains in his interest to observe them . Take the 2010 New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty , which limits U.S. and Russian strategic forces to no more than 1,550 deployed strategic warheads on 700 deployed missiles and bombers . The agreement requires data exchanges , notifications and on-site inspections . The Russians might be able to cheat a little , but not in a way that would give them a militarily significant edge without the United States having time to react . And the Kremlin has incentives to observe the treaty . If Russia violated it , the United States could relatively quickly add 1,000 strategic nuclear warheads to its deployed ballistic missile force . The U.S. government concluded last summer that Russia violated a 1987 treaty by testing a banned intermediate-range ground-launched cruise missile . As far as is publicly known , Moscow has not taken the more serious step of deploying the missile . Washington now seeks to persuade Russia to come back into full compliance and has threatened a variety of costs , including possible military countermeasures -- on top of the opprobrium of Russia 's European and Asian neighbors , who would be targeted by such a missile .  It could reach little , if any , of the United States .  The costs of noncompliance for Moscow could be significant . The question now topping the agenda is whether the West can trust any Russian promises regarding a settlement to the conflict in eastern Ukraine . Sadly , the track record offers little encouragement . Russia effectively did nothing to implement the first Minsk ceasefire , which was agreed to last September . It did not withdraw its military equipment or secure the Ukraine-Russia border . The Minsk II ceasefire reached in February fared little better at the outset . A Kremlin spokesman dismissed the idea that Russia was a party to the agreement -- even though Russia 's ambassador signed it . Russian forces backed those of the separatists attacking the Ukrainian town of Debaltseve in the first days after the ceasefire supposedly had begun .  Putin 's continual denials that Russian troops are in eastern Ukraine have zero credibility after the Crimea case . Since then , the ceasefire seems to have taken better hold , though it remains fragile at best . At the same time , concern has grown that the port city of Mariupol could be the next separatist/Russian target . What can the West do to stabilize the ceasefire ? An assault on Mariupol  or elsewhere in eastern Ukraine  would probably trigger severe costs in the form of a new round of Western economic sanctions on Russia and the provision to Ukraine of greater military assistance , including defensive arms . As Hans Binnendijk and John Herbst recently suggested in The New York Times , the United States and European Union should tell the Russians now what costs would be imposed if there is an assault on Mariupol , in order to help deter such an attack . The West may not be able to trust Putin on the ceasefire in eastern Ukraine . But it can do more to raise the potential costs and affect his calculation , and hopefully dissuade him from further military action that would probably bring down the entire Minsk II agreement .	Russia annexed Crimea in March 2014 Steven Pifer : Russia did nothing to implement the first Minsk ceasefire
CNN  -- At least 10 people died in a two-hour gunbattle at an air base in northern Pakistan on Thursday , a spokesman for the nation 's air force said . Militants dressed as airmen shot their way through a security post as personnel at Minhas Air Base in Kamra were eating a predawn meal in observance of Ramadan , the Muslim holy month , said Capt. Tariq Mehmood , an air force spokesman . He said one security forces member and nine militants were killed . Security personnel continued to look for the attackers after the gunfight and found one of the dead gunmen was wearing a suicide vest . Four airmen were wounded in the attack . There was no damage to aircraft , Mehmood said . Taliban spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan told CNN that the Pakistani Taliban carried out Thursday morning 's attack at the base , about 37 miles northwest of the nation 's capital of Islamabad . "  Today 's attack was planned for two months and carried out by our mujahedeen , " Ehsan said by phone . The Taliban official said three Pakistani soldiers were killed and an aircraft was destroyed , but the air force denies that claim . Ehsan said the attack was a warning to the Pakistani military to end its cooperation with Washington and its support for the U.S.-led occupation of Afghanistan . The attack came amid growing speculation that the Pakistani military is considering a U.S. demand to launch a major offensive targeting militants in the North Waziristan , a district in Pakistan 's tribal region regarded as a haven for militants fueling the insurgency in Afghanistan . Pakistani Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf condemned what he called an "  act of terrorism " and praised airmen for their "  bravery " as they "  successfully " cleared the base of militants . Journalist Aamir Iqbal contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistan 's prime minister condemns the "  act of terrorism " The fighting took place during a predawn meal in observance of Ramadan The Taliban claimed responsibility The attack came amid talk of a planned offensive
CNN  -- After three days of testimony , the details and accounts from the Jerry Sandusky sexual abuse trial are , improbably , even more chilling and horrific than could have been imagined . Multiple accusers , now grown men , have broken down on the witness stand describing acts of forced oral sex and intercourse , threats and manipulation . Another witness left the courthouse with a black bag over his head , such , presumably , was his level of shame and embarrassment . We respect the judicial process and the presumption of innocence . Yet calling these witnesses "  alleged " victims , as we must absent a verdict , nonetheless feels callous . While no one would dare imply that his suffering is akin to that of a sexual assault victim , another figure damaged in this sordid scandal took the stand on Tuesday , bolstering the prosecution 's case : Mike McQueary . Jerry Sandusky trial : All you need to know It is McQueary , of course , who has played a -- perhaps , the -- crucial role in the Penn State narrative since the story broke in November . Then a graduate assistant for the Nittany Lions football team , McQueary was at the Lasch Football Building in 2001 , when he heard what he described as "  skin-on-skin smacking sound " coming from the shower facility . Using a mirror , McQueary could see Sandusky standing behind a boy "  propped up against a wall " performing a sexual act . Though almost 6 feet 5 inches , and 30 years Sandusky 's junior , McQueary did not physically intervene or call the police . He chose only to slam a locker door , as he testified , in hopes of breaking up the incident . The following day , after conferring with his father , McQueary reported what he saw to Joe Paterno , the team 's revered coach . Paterno then waited another day to speak to the athletic director . The athletic director then talked to a superior , who relayed the incident to university president Graham Spanier . The allegation lost severity with each retelling . An act initially described as man-on-boy intercourse had become horseplay that made a witness "  uncomfortable . " Initially , McQueary was cast as a villain , the embodiment of the banality of evil . How could he not have confronted Sandusky that evening ? Or at least called the cops ? And how could he have remained silent as he saw Sandusky in the same football facility and at various functions , sometimes in the company of young boys ? As of last fall , McQueary was a prominent Penn State assistant coach . Since then , he has been placed on administrative leave by the school . His coaching career , to say nothing of his reputation , is in tatters . But recently , McQueary has become , at a minimum , a more complex figure . As we have learned more about the insularity of the Penn State football program , McQueary 's inaction that evening becomes , if not altogether understandable , at least somewhat easier to comprehend . What 's more , CNN is among the news outlets reporting that Gary Schultz , Penn State 's former vice president for finance and business , kept a secret file on Sandusky that included e-mails among administrators about inappropriate behavior . This not only contradicts previous statements by administrators ; it suggests that McQueary 's initial statements in 2001 were more forceful and clear than they 've been portrayed . Asked about the incident in the trial , McQueary admitted , "  I 've said repeatedly I did n't do anything physically to stop it . It 's been well publicized ... Did I pull the boy out of there , did I physically go and assault anybody , did I remove him ? ... Physically -LSB- I -RSB- did n't remove the young boy from the shower or go and punch Jerry out . " McQueary went on to assert that , after 2001 , he was so repulsed by Sandusky he could n't occupy the same room , so much so that other members of the football staff took notice . Why , he was asked , did n't he quit ? "  I would never resign from Penn State University , " he said . As heart-rending as the victims ' testimony has been , McQueary 's firm and unambiguous account could be just as damaging to Sandusky . The defense will argue that the accusers have embellished their stories , motivated by the financial gain of a civil suit . In the case of McQueary , now 37 , it 's hard to argue there 's a profit motive . Plus , having another adult corroborate the accounts of the many witnesses undermines the defense 's claims of conspiracy among the victims . More than a decade ago , McQueary 's failure to act with sufficient conviction may have permitted a serial sexual abuser to continue on . If McQueary 's honest testimony enables a jury to convict Sandusky , at least he will have made the most of his second opportunity to do the right thing . Alleged victims testify as Sandusky prosecution prepares to rest Alleged Sandusky victim details abuse Prosecutors : Sandusky file contradicts officials ' testimony The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jon Wertheim .	Jon Wertheim : Testimonies from the Sandusky trial are chilling and horrific Wertheim : Mike McQueary has a second chance to do the right thing He says McQueary was cast as a villain , but he 's more complex as details emerge Wertheim : McQueary 's account could be very damaging to Sandusky
Former president of Poland , Lech Walesa , was a founder of the Solidarity trade union group that helped bring about about the downfall of communism in Poland in 1989 . He won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1983 and was the country 's president from 1990 to 1995 . His eponymous Lech Walesa Institute was set up in 1995 to support concepts of independence , ethics and state decentralization . CNN asked him about his recollections from 25 years ago and his thoughts on the future of Poland . CNN : What are you strongest memories from this time 25 years ago ? Lech Walesa : I prefer to look at today and tomorrow . Sometimes , however , it 's good to take a look back to learn a lesson from the past . There have been so many events with influence on the present time that they form a chain of events reaching back much further than 1989 . It all dates back to 1970 , when the social discontent reached its peak and forced many of us to take to the streets . Next , we witnessed the election of Karol Wojtya to the Papacy , the August Agreements , the creation of Solidarity , the imposition of martial law , the Round Table Talks , the partially-free election in 1989 , then my presidency as a seal of freedom and lastly the admission of Poland to NATO and to the European Union . I consider all these elements to be consecutive links in the chain of freedom , without which neither Poland nor Europe would be free . CNN : What was the biggest challenge you faced personally during your days with Solidarity before 1989 ? Lech Walesa : The most important one was to persevere in unity . To stick to our goal . Not to be broken down . And yet we were so badly impacted by martial law . In prison we went through an ordeal . We were not broken down . Our faith was never shaken . It was strengthened by what happened in August 1980 . This is our great victory . At that time , nobody expected us to succeed . We had a vivid memory of the tragic events of December 1970 . We knew we had to work together . Already on the first day we set up an Inter-Enterprise Strike Committee and started to work on the demands . We eventually managed to hammer out 21 demands , which were signed on December 31st together with the government , which was represented by Mieczysaw Jagielski . This was our greatest challenge and greatest victory . Soon after , our tiny union had 10 million members all over Poland . The 1980s were a time of struggle to build an organization and its structures . It was also a fight for unity and perseverance in the path we had chosen . Although weakened , we were not defeated and so we lasted until 1988 and 1989 . We lost a couple of battles , but we won the war for democracy and freedom . It 's because we were working in solidarity . And the world was in solidarity with us . CNN : What gave you the strength to continue the struggle against the communist government in Poland ? What qualities do you think you had that made you do what you did ? Lech Walesa : This is made up of several things . One of them was our faith that this sick , unfair system must finally collapse . We did n't know how to make it happen , how to get organized so as not to repeat the mistakes made in 1970  during the protests  . In my opinion , divine providence helped us at this stage . It 's then that a Pole who became pope helped us to organize ourselves in prayer and also made us understand our inner strength . His regular visits to Poland , although hindered by the communist authorities , played this role . The masses celebrated by the Holy Father gathered millions of Poles . We could see that we were many , that we were millions . Before that , we had been scattered and divided . It was the first time in post-war Poland that the Polish nation had joined forces on such a massive scale . I 'm sure that had there been no pontificate of John Paul II , the Fall of Communism would n't have happened as quickly or as peacefully as it did . The Holy Father did not call us to fight , but gathered us in prayer . And we were able to match actions with words . CNN : Do you have any regrets from your life during the anti-communist days ? Lech Walsa : Concerning our peaceful struggle , I have no regrets whatsoever . Of course , when I look at it today , from the perspective of years , I wish I had done a few things differently , but as for the path we took , I would n't have changed it . Despite such a great victory , I have a feeling that I missed something . When I was fighting , when I was repeatedly arrested and in prison or when I traveled all over the country to coordinate the activity of unions , my wife and the children were left behind at home . Regrettably , I was not with them . It 's probably my greatest failure : I was not with my family when they needed me most . For this I want to thank my wife Danuta . For the fact that she put up with me and brought up our children to be good people . CNN : How do you see Poland today ? Lech Walesa : We are now in a very different place , in a new era . Today we can say with confidence that we live in a democratic Poland , in a firmly established free market economic system , in a country built on solid foundations of international cooperation and in a country of high aspirations and hopes for further development . Our success has been noticed . There are many who point to Poland as an example of wise economic policy . We are amongst the few countries that emerged from the financial crisis relatively unscathed . The 2012 European Championship was another type of promotion of Poland and an opportunity to show off our achievements . I 'm also very happy to see that even those projects , which seemed doomed to failure due to the very last decisions of the communists , have in fact been able to be saved , such as my beloved Gdask Shipyard , the cradle of "  Solidarity " . Today it is slowly rising to its feet again and building ships after many years of struggle and hope for its rescue ; there is a chance that jobs can be safeguarded and that the symbol of the Polish transformation can be saved . This fills me with happiness , even if the costs of transformation were high . Today Poland is a truly beautiful , modern and open country . CNN : Is it the country today as you hoped it would be when you cast your vote in June 1989 ? Lech Walesa : Back in 1989 , nothing was a foregone conclusion . We had to build a state system almost from scratch . The difficult  political and economic  reforms of minister of finance Leszek Balcerowicz and the prime minister Tadeusz Mazowiecki allowed us to make further changes . In conjunction with Boris Yeltsin , I negotiated the withdrawal of Red Army troops from Poland . We then became a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and today we are also a member of the European Union . At that time , I did n't even dream that we would manage to achieve all that , and in such a short time . It 's true , Poland as we see it today is beyond anything we could have dreamt of at that time . However , I regret that not everything worked out as it should have . My presidency ended after five years and I had a plan that would have required two terms to fully realize . Later on , the politics of Aleksander Kwaniewski were not in line with my concept . CNN : Do you think democracy in Poland and other former communist states is in good shape ? Lech Walesa : It might seem so , but we still have a problem with the sense of responsibility for the country amongst our citizens . We recently held the election to the European Parliament , a very important election , in which decided who would be representing us at the European Union . The average turnout throughout the EU was low -- only 43 % . In Poland , however , it stood at 23 % . And even lower than that in Slovakia and in the Czech Republic . It 's alarming . First we expect "  old Europe " to accept us and treat us on an equal footing and then we renounce our right to vote . Moreover , parties with extremist views are on the rise . These parties promote ideas that contradict democracy and the European Union 's reason for existence . We must therefore wake up , because if we continue to be indifferent , we may ourselves destroy our great dream of international solidarity . On the other hand , I 'm a 100 % democrat and if parties with such an outlook on life enter the parliament , I have no choice but to accept it . I only call for votes during the next election to be cast in a well-conceived manner . CNN : What is the biggest challenge facing Poland and Polish society today ? Lech Walesa : The biggest challenge for Poland , Europe and the world is the reshuffling and widening of structures . I have already been saying it for quite some time : we must evolve past thinking in terms of the nation state and the European state . We live in an era of intellect , information and globalization . We live under new conditions that require us to create a totally different set of programs and structures . It 's a task not only for Poland , but also for the entire population of contemporary Europe and the world at large . Our present systems do not meet our current needs . The new era offers us new challenges . We who destroyed communism , whose downfall has triggered a domino effect of transformation throughout Europe , should provide an example and inspiration for the entire world . We must show how to change even the most difficult reality through purely democratic means , without the use of violence . Today we must ask ourselves which world we are going to built in this new era and how democracy and globalization are going to look . For a long time already , I have been calling for the development of a Decalogue of universal values that would serve as a lasting reference point for this new Europe and the world . We must define and accept laws establishing common principles , which would allow nations and religions to co-exist in a spirit of respect for differences and friendly cooperation . Once such a universal basis is established , we will succeed in building lasting and safe communities . Otherwise it may be hard to maintain the world as it is at present .	Poland 's former president Lech Walesa talks to CNN 's Dean Irvine He talks about the struggles he faced to win the war for democracy in Poland He also touches on his time as co-founder of the Solidarity trade-union movement
CNN  -- Manchester United and Bulgaria striker Dimitar Berbatov has announced his retirement from international football with immediate effect . The 29-year-old was captain of his country and scored a national record 48 goals in just 74 matches . However , Bulgaria flopped in their World Cup qualifying group -- failing to reach the finals in South Africa -- and the former Tottenham 's star 's performances drew widespread criticism from within his own country . Confirming his decision at a press conference in Sofia , Berbatov said : "  It is n't a decision I took lightly and I have reconsidered making it several times . "  Everything has a beginning and an end and that end is today . I feel exhausted and now there are many guys who can emerge from my shadow . For them the moment has come . " Berbatov , who overtook Hristo Stoichkov 's scoring record in a friendly match against Malta last year , has endured a troubled season at Manchester United . He has struggled to make an impact since his big-money move from Tottenham in August 2008 and was overshadowed by strike partner Wayne Rooney as United failed to retain their English Premier League title .	Bulgaria captain Dimitar Berbatov announces his retirement from international football Berbatov made 74 appearances for his country and scored a record 48 goals The 29-year-old Manchester United striker has been criticized for his recent displays
EW.com  -- Good news  we guess ?  for Ronn Moss fans : Do n't go looking for a brand new Ridge to take over for the old one on CBS ' "  The Bold and the Beautiful . " Once Moss ' last episode airs on Sept. 14 , "  B&B " has no plans to fill the void , the sudser 's head writer told TV Guide . "  Ridge will not be dead or presumed dead , " said Bradley Bell . "  He will just not be in the picture . I do n't want to do a presumed death because I do n't want the story that follows to be all about Ridge . This will be a Brooke story . Ridge is a pivotal part of the show and he will be back in a matter of time ... and probably not all that much time . I will continue writing for the character . I 'm looking at this in two phases , really . There will be a period of time without Ridge , which is where some new , interesting avenues for Brooke will come into play . But at some point it will be necessary for Ridge to return to the show . Who will be playing the role at that point remains to be seen . " EW broke the news last week that Moss has decided to leave CBS soap that he 's been on since its 1987 debut . He said this on his Facebook page : "  I want to make sure , without any doubt , that you guys all know how much I love you . Your support during this time and hopefully beyond is everything . I ca n't say anything yet , but soon will explain . Hang in there with me , We have a wonderful new journey ahead of us . Try and not be sad , angry , disappointed . . It 's been a great run and all good things end eventually . As this door closes , others are opening . I want you all to come with me through these new doors of opportunities and experience how cool it 's going to be . Have faith , be strong , know I 'm eternally yours . " Moss played fashion magnate Ridge Forrester -- one of the "  core four " on Bold that includes Susan Flannery as Stephanie Forrester , John McCook as Eric Forrester , and Katherine Kelly Lang as Brooke Logan . Bell also told TV Guide that "  Ronn 's circumstances are unique " and that "  what happened here will not be widespread . "  Translation : Do n't look for any more unexpected departures  . Bell also said that once he does decide to fill Ridge role , "  I might go a little younger . But we 'll be true to the age range that 's been established . I do have people in mind in terms of a recast  $ " some very interesting people . " The head writer is n't giving up hope that Moss may reprise the role at a later date . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Actor Ronn Moss has decided to end his 25-year run as Ridge Forrester on the soap The head writer says the character will not be killed off Moss ' last episode airs on Sept. 14
CNN  -- Kimberly Ritter could not believe what she was seeing . Girls wearing almost nothing at all , suggesting all sorts of sexual acts , listed on page after page of Backpage.com 's escorts section . When she looked closer at the photos , she noticed something eerie . She could recognize the rooms . Ritter is a meeting planner at Nix Conference and Meeting Management of St. Louis . She and her co-workers work with 500 hotels around the world and visit about 50 properties annually . She can identify many hotel chains used in escort ads by their comforters , bathroom sinks , air conditioning units and door locks . Sometimes , she can also identify a specific property . Meet Kimberly Ritter , sex trafficking sleuth . A child protection code of conduct Ritter has become a force in the international anti-trafficking movement , where she uses her expertise to identify the mainstream middle-end and high-end hotels used by traffickers . She negotiates with hotels to fight trafficking at their properties , while also trying to convince hotel general managers that it 's good business to fight trafficking through signing the Tourism Child-Protection Code of Conduct , a voluntary set of principles that businesses can adopt to fight trafficking . Her firm has created a version of the code for meeting planners and was the first signatory a few weeks ago . Ritter hopes to recruit other planners to sign on to the code . Once Ritter and her co-workers realized they could have an impact , "  we thought this should be something all meeting planners could do , " she said . Although anti-trafficking organizations ca n't be sure how many people are forced into commercial sex work , the United Nations Global Initiative to Fight Human Trafficking estimates that human trafficking is a $ 32 billion business worldwide , with $ 15.5 billion coming from industrialized countries .  That includes forced sexual and nonsexual commercial labor of adults and children . An estimated 100,000 to 300,000 children are at risk of commercial sex exploitation in the United States , according to End Child Prostitution and Trafficking  ECPAT  , which created the tourism code . The National Human Trafficking Resource Center hotline  888-373-7888  has recorded 46,000 phone calls over the past four years requesting information , reporting tips about trafficking and connecting about 3,600 victims of sex trafficking to social services .  The hotline takes calls about sex or labor trafficking . Trafficking is n't simply sex for sale Sex trafficking is n't prostitution , which is engaging in sex with someone for payment . The crime of sex trafficking has three parties : one person holding the victim , while using "  force , fraud or coercion " to make the victim engage in sex acts for payment , and the third party paying for the sex , said Brad Myles , executive director of the Polaris Project , which operates the hotline with funding from the U.S. government . If the victim is a child , no force , fraud or coercion is required for the sex to be a crime . Escort ads posted online do n't obviously state that sex with children is being sold , Ritter said , but customers who want children know to look for words like "  fresh , " "  candy " and "  new to the game . " The underage victims are often runaways and victims of sexual abuse who are vulnerable to pimps promising modeling jobs , money , food and drugs . After a pimp and customer make a deal , usually online or over the phone , hotels are an obvious place where the sex can take place . "  There 's privacy , a neutral place for a customer to come to , certain amount of anonymity and you do n't have to stay long term , " said Noelle Collins , an assistant U.S. attorney and human trafficking coordinator for the Eastern District of Missouri , who prosecutes these cases . "  This can happen anywhere , but hotels are logical places where it could be found . " Sex trafficking was n't on Ritter 's mind when she met with the U.S. Federation of the Sisters of St. Joseph to book the federation 's 2011 conference . That year , the nuns decided to take a stand on the issue . "  We 've always done some type of social action -LSB- at our conference -RSB- , " said Sister Patty Johnson , executive director of the federation , which encompasses the 16 congregations of Sisters of St. Joseph in the United States . "  We like to leave the city -LSB- we visit -RSB- a tiny bit better than when we came . " The nuns told Nix they wanted their hotel to sign the tourism code of conduct developed by ECPAT , a worldwide network of organizations and individuals that fights commercial sex exploitation of children . Hilton Worldwide , Wyndham Worldwide , Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group  which includes the Radisson brand  and Delta Air Lines are all signatories to the code . After Ritter 's initial online research turned up hotels she recognized , she agreed to raise the issue with their potential venues . Hotels can train to fight trafficking Many hotel executives have security measures designed to fight trafficking but express concern about being publicly identified with the issue . An exception is Millennium Hotel St. Louis general manager Dominic Smart . After learning about the problem , Smart got his parent company 's permission to become a pilot program . Often , hotel executives do n't want customers to think their hotels have a prostitution or sex trafficking problem .  The code requires annual reporting .  Smart , who said he has n't had a case yet , did n't worry about it . Previously on CNN : Wyndham chain boosts staff training to fight child prostitution "  We felt it was our responsibility to get involved and fight human trafficking , " said Smart , whose hotel signed onto ECPAT , went through training for managers and line staff , and hosted the nuns ' conference . Training of hotel staff is key , said Michelle Guelbart , project coordinator for ECPAT-USA . Hotel managers may never spot the signs of sex trafficking , but housekeeping and room service employees often know something is n't right . They 're just not sure what . "  Hotel rooms are used as venues for exploitation , " Guelbart said . "  A pimp might hold up one or two girls in a room and might run traffic out of a room . They 'll post ads on a website and send a girl to the room next door . " Learn the signs of trafficking victims Red flags to watch for : Someone besides the guest rents a room , checks in without luggage and leaves the hotel . The child left in the room may seem confused about his or her own name ; may appear helpless , ashamed , nervous or disoriented ; may show signs of abuse such as bruising in various stages of healing ; or may have tattoos that reflect money or ownership . The child usually does n't have any spending money or identification ; can not make eye contact ; and wears clothes printed with slogans such as "  Daddy 's Girl " or inappropriate clothes for the weather . Sometimes , the child will come on to various men during the check-in process . "  We 've trained them on the red flags , what to look for , " Smart said . "  If they see them , they report it to their manager and we would take over from there . The manager can assess and go to the police if need be . " How to help Guests can report signs of trafficking Hotel guests can also keep their eyes open for those red flags , said social worker Theresa Flores , an Ohio-based survivor of underage sex trafficking and an anti-trafficking activist . Guests who see the red flags can simply call the national hotline to report their suspicions , without ever leaving their names . Flores often travels to cities with big sports events and political conventions to educate hotel and motel owners , donating thousands of bars of soap listing the hotline for victims and witnesses to trafficking . Most of the country 's state attorneys general and many anti-trafficking activists blame Backpage.com and other websites for not doing enough to fight sex trafficking . Backpage 's lawyer says the company takes many steps to fight the problem . "  Any adult ads that are posted are monitored in real time , 24/7 , " wrote Steve Suskin , legal counsel for Village Voice Media , which owns Backpage , in an e-mailed statement to CNN.com . "  All nudity is banned , even for adult ads , and anyone who attempts to post an ad that 's suggestive of an underage or exploited minor is immediately reported to NCMEC -LSB- the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children -RSB- , which is designated by the FBI to alert local law enforcement to rescue any child at risk in a hotel or other location . " Unlike other websites , Backpage does n't allow Web posters to post anonymously , Suskin wrote . "  Backpage charges $ 1.00 to post in personals , because it holds users accountable and provides credit card information to police so they can identify , locate , arrest and prosecute those who use common carriers to prey on children , " he wrote . "  We continue to invest millions of dollars in human , technological , and other resources to detect and report suspected child predators and to help law enforcement apprehend and prosecute them . " With so much of the sex trafficking business migrating to the Internet , the crime still has to take place somewhere . "  Hotels can really be part of the solution , " said Myles , the Polaris Project executive director . "  These are crimes , these are ways that women are being mistreated , and these are forms of violence against women . A lot of hotels do n't want to be associated with it . "	U.N. : Human trafficking a $ 32 billion business , about half that amount from developed nations An estimated 100,000 to 300,000 children are at risk of commercial sex exploitation in the U.S. Children may seem confused about own names and appear ashamed , nervous or disoriented Hotel guests who see red flags can simply call a national hotline
CNN  -- The jury in the trial of former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky is deliberating 48 counts of child sexual abuse involving 10 alleged victims . There originally were 52 charges against Sandusky . On Thursday , Judge John Cleland announced that three of the counts were dropped , and earlier this week a fourth charge was withdrawn by prosecutors , bringing the total number of charges to 48 . Here is a breakdown of the charges -- felony and misdemeanor -- against Sandusky : Alleged Victim 1 Count 1 : Involuntary deviate sexual intercourse  felony Count 2 : Involuntary deviate sexual intercourse  felony Count 3 : Indecent assault  felony Count 4 : Unlawful contact with minors  felony Count 5 : Corruption of minors  misdemeanor Count 6 : Endangering welfare of children  felony How to deal with pedophiles before they become molesters ? Alleged Victim 2 Count 7 : Involuntary deviate sexual intercourse  felony Count 8 : Indecent assault  misdemeanor Count 9 : Unlawful contact with minors  felony Count 10 : Corruption of minors  misdemeanor Count 11 : Endangering welfare of children  misdemeanor Spectators wait in long lines outside court Alleged Victim 3 Count 12 : Indecent assault  misdemeanor Count 13 : Unlawful contact with minors  felony Count 14 : Corruption of minors  misdemeanor Count 15 : Endangering welfare of children  felony Opinion : Tell toddlers what 's private about their bodies Alleged Victim 4 Count 16 : DISMISSED  involuntary deviate sexual intercourse Count 17 : Involuntary deviate sexual intercourse  felony Count 18 : DISMISSED  involuntary deviate sexual intercourse Count 19 : DISMISSED  aggravated indecent assault Count 20 : Indecent assault  misdemeanor Count 21 : Unlawful contact with minors  felony Count 22 : Corruption of minors  misdemeanor Count 23 : Endangering welfare of children  felony Sandusky relies on ` smoking gun ' defense Alleged Victim 5 Count 24 : Indecent assault  misdemeanor Count 25 : Unlawful contact with minors  felony Count 26 : Corruption of minors  misdemeanor Count 27 : Endangering welfare of children  felony Alleged Victim 6 Count 28 : Indecent assault  misdemeanor Count 29 : Unlawful contact with minors  felony Count 30 : Corruption of minors  misdemeanor Count 31 : Endangering welfare of children  misdemeanor Alleged Victim 7 Count 32 : Criminal attempt to commit indecent assault  misdemeanor Count 33 : WITHDRAWN BY PROSECUTORS  unlawful contact with minors Count 34 : Corruption of minors  misdemeanor Count 35 : Endangering welfare of children  misdemeanor Alleged Victim 8 Count 36 : Involuntary deviate sexual intercourse  felony Count 37 : Indecent assault  misdemeanor Count 38 : Unlawful contact with minors  felony Count 39 : Corruption of minors  misdemeanor Count 40 : Endangering welfare of children  misdemeanor Due to second indictment , counts start over with Alleged Victims 9 and 10 Alleged Victim 9 Count 1 : Involuntary deviate sexual intercourse  felony Count 2 : Involuntary deviate sexual intercourse  felony Count 3 : Indecent assault  felony Count 4 : Unlawful contact with minors  felony Count 5 : Corruption of minors  misdemeanor Count 6 : Endangering welfare of children  felony Alleged Victim 10 Count 7 : Involuntary deviate sexual intercourse  felony Count 8 : Involuntary deviate sexual intercourse  felony Count 9 : Indecent assault  misdemeanor Count 10 : Unlawful contact with minors  felony Count 11 : Corruption of minors  misdemeanor Count 12 : Endangering welfare of children  felony	A jury in Bellefonte , Pennsylvania , is deliberating 48 counts against Jerry Sandusky The allegations , involving 10 alleged victims , cover a 15-year period Sandusky , 68 , pleaded not guilty to the charges
Rolling Stone  -- A panel of Czech judges ruled Tuesday that concert promoters -- and not Lamb of God frontman Randy Blythe -- were largely to blame for the tragic death nearly three years ago of a teenage fan of the metal band , saying the singer 's actions did not constitute a crime . The state attorney , who had sought a conviction for manslaughter and asked for the minimum sentence of five years , immediately appealed the decision . Blythe declined to talk to the press after the trial but told the court earlier he was ready to face the music . "  As I 've stated previously , I do not wish to avoid my responsibility , and if I thought I were guilty I would plead guilty right now , " he said . "  I still believe I acted responsibly to protect myself , my band , our equipment , and our audience . I did not strike anyone or run across the stage to push anyone , " as one witness had claimed . Q&A : Lamb of God 's Randy Blythe on Imprisonment and Freedom Concertgoers testified in February and on Monday that Blythe had violently pushed 19-year-old Daniel Nosek off the stage during the band 's concert in Prague on May 24 , 2010 , using both hands . But there were stark and contradicting differences in key details as to when the young man breached the security barrier and which way he was facing when allegedly pushed , points the defense played up to create reasonable doubt in Bltyhe 's favor . What is clear is that later that evening , the Czech teenager -- though sober and not under the influence of any drugs -- fell on his back and hit his head , appeared to be OK but later complained of a headache , and vomited violently . He was rushed to a hospital , where he underwent emergency brain surgery but slipped into a coma and died several weeks later . An expert on biomechanics , called by Blythe 's defense , presented the results of a recreation of the fall -- in part using "  fresh cadavers dead for less than 12 hours " to measure the impact on a human skull -- to the court on Tuesday . The expert said Nosek must have fallen backwards as he would not have had time , involuntarily , to twist around before impact . Had the teenager fallen forward , his hands would have reflexively shot out to protect himself , he said . Lamb of God Singer Randy Blythe 's Manslaughter Trial Resumes in Prague Crucially for Blythe 's defense , the expert said that had the teenager been pushed , he would not have fallen beyond the first row of fans , as two witnesses had testified . But state attorney Vladimir Muzik -- a bear of a man , whose forearms could not be contained by his crimson-trimmed black robe -- took great issue with the experiment , which he argued failed to recreate actual conditions and discounted the testimony of a key witness . The presiding judge wholeheartedly agreed with the prosecutor while noting most witnesses ' recollections were "  foggy " at best . While video footage had captured images of Blythe subduing an admittedly drunk and out-of-control fan named Milan Poradek -- who had rushed the stage three times -- the fatal moment leading to Nosek 's death was not recorded . The presiding judge , Tomas Kubovec , put the lion 's share of the blame for the tragedy on lax security and safety precautions at the Prague club , which thereby allowed fans to take to the stage . Kubovec said "  ninety percent of the audience " must have known stage-diving was prohibited and dangerous . He said the teenager , who was reportedly a Lamb of God fanatic but understood little English , evidently also misunderstood Bltyhe 's hand gesture calling for applause "  that would have been absolutely understandable for English speakers " as an invitation to take to the stage . Nonetheless , the judge said , Nosek must have known that stage-diving was not permitted , as there was a barrier in place and security personnel who had prevented other fans from climbing over it . U.S. State Department Responds to Randy Blythe Petition As for the over $ 500,000 the boy 's family is seeking in damages , Kubovec said they should try to get the money from the concert promoters and organizers . For his part , the Lamb of God singer made a heartfelt apology to the Noseks , saying , "  I can understand that pain as only the father of a dead child can . " "  This has been a very sad and emotive experience for me , but I 've tried to remain as objective as possible because my emotions have no impact on what is for me and for the family of Daniel Nosek the most important thing : the truth , " said Blythe . "  He was just a boy . I wish he were still here . " Blythe had pledged "  to serve my sentence like a man " if found guilty by the Czech courts and to work tirelessly to prevent another such tragedy from ever occurring at a Lamb of God show "  or any other show " -- if found innocent . See the original article at Rolling Stone . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Czech judges ruled that concert promoters were to blame for the death of a Lamb of God fan Frontman Randy Blythe pushed the 19-year-old off the stage a concert in May 2010 The sober Czech teenager hit his head and eventually slipped into a coma and died weeks later Blythe had pledged "  to serve my sentence like a man " if found guilty by the Czech courts
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- The former wife of Nelson Mandela visited him Sunday in the hospital where the ailing anti-apartheid icon is clinging to life , the South African Press Association reported . Winnie Madikizela-Mandela , who was married to the former South African president from 1958 to 1996 , described what it 's like to see her former husband of 38 years struggle to live in an exclusive interview with UK network ITV News . "  It is extremely painful to see him going through what he 's going through now . But it 's God 's wish , " Winnie Mandela told ITV . Nelson Mandela , 94 , remains in critical but stable condition at a Pretoria hospital where he has been battling a recurring lung infection since June 8 . Opinion : In an African slum , talking to Mandela His condition worsened last week with family members saying his health was "  delicate " and "  anything is imminent . " But daughter Zindzi Mandela told ITV between hospital visits that her father is alert and recognizes when a new person enters his hospital room . "  The one time he did speak was to tell my mom to sit down ... because she was standing at the edge of his bed , " she said , laughing . As his condition has deteriorated , South Africans have gathered outside the hospital , praying , lighting candles and leaving notes for the man they refer to as "  tata , " the Xhosa word for father . Those tributes continued Sunday as a Salvation Army band played hymns near the hospital and well-wishers gathered to be close to their beloved Madiba . Winnie Mandela shot down any suggestion that the family was discussing whether to end life support . "  It was nonsense to suggest we needed to take a decision to pull the tubes , " she told ITV . Obama challenges students to follow Mandela legacy Mandela became an international figure while enduring 27 years in prison for fighting against apartheid , the country 's system of racial segregation . He was elected the nation 's first black president in 1994 , four years after he was freed . Even as he has faded from the spotlight , he remains popular and is considered a hero of democracy worldwide . The front page of South Africa 's Sunday Times earlier this month carried the headline "  It 's time to let him go , " quoting a longtime friend of the former president as saying the time may have come for South Africans to say goodbye . "  Once the family releases him , the people of South Africa will follow . We will say thank you , God , you have given us this man , and we will release him too , " friend Andrew Mlangeni told the paper . But Zindzi Mandela told ITV that what happens now is out of the family 's hands . "  When people say the family must let go , and we say let go of what ? In fact he is deciding what 's happening with himself . It 's between him and his maker . It 's not to do with us whatsoever , " she said . CNN 's Faith Karimi and Samira Said contributed to this report .	Ex-wife Winnie Mandela says former husband 's struggles are "  extremely painful " to watch She visited him Sunday at the hospital where he has been receiving treatment since June 8 His daughter says his health is now "  between him and his maker "
CNN  -- A California company has recalled 34,373 pounds of organic ground beef over fears of E. coli contamination . First Class Foods Inc. of Hawthorne said recalled packages were produced on December 7 and December 16 . They have "  EST. 18895 " printed on them , federal officials said . Products were shipped to California , New Jersey , North Carolina , New York , Wisconsin and Washington state . A company sampling confirmed a positive result for E. coli . The company and federal officials have not received reports of illnesses associated with these products . E. coli can cause bloody diarrhea , dehydration and in severe cases , kidney failure . Babies , seniors and people with weak immune systems are the most susceptible . Consumers with questions can contact Lucienne Adams of First Class Foods at 310676-2500 .	It recalls 34,373 pounds of organic ground beef Products were shipped to six states A company sampling confirms a positive result for E. coli .
CNN  -- Such is the level of pressure heaped on football managers , it is unsurprising that now and then they might say or do something that gets them into trouble with someone . The latest incident has seen Manchester City boss Mark Hughes accusing Arsenal 's Arsene Wenger of "  not knowing how to behave " after the Frenchman refused to shake the Welshman 's hand after the Gunners ' 3-0 English League Cup defeat on Wednesday night . It is not the first time Wenger has made the headlines for the wrong reasons , but he is certainly not alone . Fanzone takes a look at football 's top-five misbehaving managers . 1 . Arsene Wenger In recent years , Wenger has been involved in touchline confrontations with Tottenham Hotspur counterpart Martin Jol and West Ham 's Alan Pardew , and exchanged words with Jose Mourinho . But his most bitter rivalry has been with Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson . For about a decade , the two clubs contested for the English Premier League , with the two coaches engaged in a volatile war of words . The rivalry reached a peak in 2004 when United ended Arsenal 's 49-game unbeaten streak with a 2-0 win at Old Trafford . After the match both coaches and players exchanged words before a slice of pizza was allegedly flung into Ferguson 's face -- the incident has been referred to as ` Pizzagate ' or the ` Battle of the Buffet ' ever since . Tensions have since subsided . 2 . Alex Ferguson Ferguson 's mind games over the past year have mostly been reserved for Liverpool 's Rafa Benitez and referees . It was a stinging criticism of the latter that has arguably caused the Premier League 's biggest controversy this season . After Manchester United grabbed a late equalizer at home to Sunderland , Ferguson in his post-match press conference proceeded to label referee Alan Wiley unfit in comparison to continental officials . After the threat of a lawsuit , Ferguson offered an apology -- albeit a fairly half-hearted one . 3 . Luis Aragones In his native Spain , Aragones will likely be remembered for leading the country to their first major trophy since 1964 when they won Euro 2008 . Elsewhere it might be for when , in a training session in 2004 , he was filmed making a racially offensive remark about Thierry Henry in an attempt to motivate the Frenchman 's then Arsenal teammate Jose Antonio Reyes . The comment caused a particular storm in England , with many in the media calling for Aragones ' job . He was later fined $ 3,425 . 4 . Diego Maradona Maradona has been no stranger to controversy throughout his career , and has kept up that trend since becoming Argentina manager . In October he launched a scathing and foul-mouthed outburst at those who had criticized him during Argentina 's qualifying campaign . The rant caused FIFA to ban him football for two months and fine him $ 24,603 . 5 . Jose Mourinho For all his success in football management , Mourinho is equally well-known for his brash and cocky manner , a trait that has caused fans to love and loathe him in equal measure . His penchant for speaking his mind has seen him accuse referee Anders Frisk of consorting with then Barcelona manager Frank Rijkaard at half-time during a Champions League tie  the official later retired due to the aftermath , having received death threats  . Also while in charge of Chelsea , he once labeled Wenger a "  voyeur . " Less verbally , he risked the ire of Liverpool fans when he proceeded to shush them during the 2005 League Cup final after Chelsea scored . The most memorable occurrence came during the London club 's 2005 Champions League quarterfinal versus Bayern Munich . Banned from the game , it was reported that Mourinho was secretly wheeled in and out of the changing-rooms in a washing basket , and that during the game he fed information to fitness coach Rui Faria through an earpiece under his hat .	Mark Hughes accuses Arsene Wenger of "  not knowing how to behave " after a defeat Wenger has been involved in confrontations with several managers before He had a fierce rivalry with Alex Ferguson which subsided with Arsenal 's declining fortunes Jose Mourinho has achieved particular notoriety , especially while at Chelsea
CNN  Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel , welcome to parenthood . The celebrity couple announced the arrival of their son , Silas Randall Timberlake , in statements to People . "  Silas was the middle name of Timberlake 's maternal grandfather Bill Bomar , who died in 2012 , while Randall is the musician 's own middle name , as well as his father 's first , " People reports . The couple announced the pregnancy in January , with an Instagram post . It is the first baby for both .	Timberlake and Biel welcome son Silas Randall Timberlake The couple announced the pregnancy in January
After football player Ray Rice was caught on video dragging his unconscious fiancee out of an elevator , his attorney called the incident a "  very minor physical altercation . " Where I 'm from , when one combatant in a fight gets knocked out , that is no longer "  minor . " Once the incident made the news , it was inevitable that there would be a "  minor " kerfuffle over the story . I am not interested in discussing the incident itself . What I am interested in discussing is how this incident shows us that when emotional issues are involved , fair debate and discussion get knocked out , too . ESPN commentator Stephen A. Smith was nowhere near the elevator that day , but he just got knocked out by a chorus of voices and a spineless employer . When Smith commented on the issue , he clearly stated his position that Rice was dead wrong and deserved punishment . Without excusing it , Smith gave his opinion that , in general , when there is violence , sometimes it might be worth asking questions about provocation . He made it clear that there should never be violence , especially by a man against a woman . For even suggesting that there could be provocation before a fight , Smith is now off the air . Mind you , Smith never tried to justify Rice 's actions . Once the outcry began , Smith rushed to apologize . I do n't believe that Smith owed anyone an apology . If you listen to his entire statement , he said nothing to suggest that Rice 's now-wife , Janay , "  had it coming , " nor did he make any excuses for Rice 's behavior . The only offense he committed was that he blathered so incoherently that he made it hard to see how he managed to get a TV show in the first place . So , if ESPN wants to take him off the air and replace him with a better commentator , I 'm all for it . But I 'm disgusted at the rancorous , politically correct swarm that descended upon Smith , and the spineless reaction of the management at ESPN . And once the swarm gets into "  beast mode , " there is no recovery . Why ? Plain and simple : sexism . Recall that a few months ago , Solange Knowles attacked Jay-Z . When that happened , the feminist site Jezebel had this take : "  The real tea is n't the fight itself , but what could have possibly gone down between the two to make Solange kick her sister 's husband in the balls . " In other words , "  if she hit him , he must have done something to have it coming . " And this was not an outlier view . Nobody 's outrage meter spiked there . No , it was "  funny . " I 'm not defending Ray Rice . But there 's definitely a "  sit down and shut up " double standard among those who seek to promote one side of this issue -- and this is less about Smith 's comments being inappropriate . The gleeful rush to call for Smith 's head is far more inappropriate . Yes , there 's a difference between a physically huge NFL player beating up his fiancee and a wisp of a woman kicking Jay-Z in the crotch . But what 's really going on here ? What 's really going on here is that one side of the debate wants to make it impermissible for the other to speak . At all . Take this in the context of how gender issues are presented when there are voices that dare to deviate from the feminist narrative . Here 's an example : Recently , there was a conference in Detroit for the "  A Voice For Men " blog and its readers . That controversial website has the audacity to question certain issues from a man 's perspective . As a result , according to news reports , this political meeting was the target of threats of violence that , in any other context , would have been called "  terrorism . " Organizers said the conference moved from the hotel where it was to be held . Did you hear about that ? It did n't get very much press coverage . Nobody called for a candlelight vigil . Could you imagine if this had been the annual meeting of the National Organization for Women ? Perhaps Smith is a complete ignoramus . Or , perhaps he was misunderstood . And next to that , we must concede that there was very little criticism of those who said that Jay-Z must have done something to provoke violence against him . There was no real outcry when A Voice For Men was the victim of what would be called "  terroristic threats " if it was any other viewpoint . Listen to comedian Bill Burr . In a routine , he discusses the statement "  there 's no reason to hit a woman . " He 's doing comedy , but he makes a really cogent point -- perhaps there is no justification for it , but why is it so taboo to ask about what happened before the violence ? "  When you say there 's no reason , that kills any sort of examination as to how two people ended up at that place . If you say there 's no reason , you cut out the build-up , you 're just left with the act . How are you going to solve it if you do n't figure it out ? " he said . "  You can only ask questions about what the guy did , you can never ask about the woman , why is that ? " Why , indeed ? Maybe Burr was on to something ? Neither Burr , nor I , want to defend Rice beating up his fiancee . I 'm appalled that Rice only got a two-game suspension . But I 'm just as appalled that free discourse has become such a victim of the politically correct police that nobody can even ask a question , or raise any other viewpoint except to fall over themselves with condemnation . Well , nobody except Bill Burr .	Marc Randazza : Uproar over video of Ray Rice dragging unconscious fiancee from elevator ESPN commentator Smith then slammed for comments about possible provocation , he says He says Smith did n't defend Rice , just raised issue of cause , but condemnation shut him up Randazza : In Smith incident , free discourse a victim of the "  politically correct " police
London  CNN  -- We hear of tremors that shake , rattle and roll , but really cause no damage . Then there are the big quakes that hit offshore and cause a scare , but nothing more . So , will the "  earthquake " of the fringe parties coming in first in France , the United Kingdom , Greece and others be a tremor , or will there be damage ? That now depends on whether these parties can translate their momentum into seats in their national parties . In many countries the fringe parties already have seats . In Greece , Syriza should not even be called a fringe party , though they do occupy a space in the European parliament on the far left . I 'm thinking more about UKIP . Call them populist , call them fringe -- the UK 's other parties must respond . For the first time in more than a century , a third party In the UK has come in front in a national election . UKIP has already had the desired effect of changing the national debate in Britain . Both Labour and the ruling Conservatives have for the past few years had to defend their policies on Europe and immigration . The Conservatives have had to move closer to UKIP 's anti-EU and strong anti-immigration stance . All this before a single ballot was cast . Now , UKIP will the largest number of MEPs from Britain . But unlike many other fringe parties in Europe , UKIP does not have one single seat in Westminster , the national parliament . Westminster is controlled by the three main parties , with a smattering of seats going to regional parties from the far reaches of the UK , and just one to the Green Party . UKIP would have to create a massive earthquake to pick up even one seat during next year 's general election . But if you believe all the buzz from the elections , UKIP is about to form the next government . This reminds me of five years ago when the "  Rise of the Right " in Europe was the screaming headline after the last EU Parliament election . Then most people forgot all about the EU Parliament , only for it to rise up the agenda when parliamentary expenses are criticized . The difference this time is perhaps , that the parties have gained more seats . They have the momentum . France 's National Front has gone from 6 % to 25 % of the vote . UKIP has gone from 16 % to 27 % . Geert Wilders ' PVV , in the Netherlands , appear to have lost votes , but not seats . They are predicted to retain their four seats . In Hungary , the Jobbik party remained steady with three seats , but has become the second biggest Hungarian party in the parliament . It should also be noted that the far , far right British party , the BNP , lost both of their MEPs and will have none in the new parliament . So , what about the left ? In Greece , Syriza has gone from one seat to six . It has already polled well in national elections . Its leader Alexis Tsipras had put himself up at the next president of the European Commission , and , it must be said , has made himself a credible candidate to be a future prime minister of Greece . Now , it will be up to the centrist parties , in the European Parliament and in national parliaments to cobble together coalitions if they want to thwart the rise of fringe parties . But they can not ignore the reasons these other parties continue to gain in popularity ; austerity , unemployment , slow growth , immigration . You may or may not support these party 's views , but they are tapping into a growing resentment in Europe . The new parliament will have more powers than its predecessors , but it remains to be seen if it also have a bigger voice . Opinion : France shaken by Le Pen ` earthquake ' Interactive : Protest parties shake up European elections Read more : Greece turns left	CNN 's Jim Boulden looks at the rise of fringe parties in the crucial European election Mainstream parties must now respond to the success of protest parties , he says Centrist parties need to act if they want to thwart the rise of fringe parties
CNN  -- Where do you go to feel a sense of gratitude , serenity or peace in your life ? While those feelings can come from a simple walk around the block or a moment with a good friend , some places inspire a sense of thankfulness by their very existence . As the nation gathers to celebrate Thanksgiving , some gratitude gurus tell us how they focus on thankfulness in their daily lives -- and they share the awe-inspiring spots that give them that sense of grace . Heartbreaking loss inspires a new life When author and illustrator Grace Lin 's first husband died of cancer after a long illness , she found herself filled with gratitude for the time they had spent together and thankfulness for being alive . Her gratitude for his life and hers made her want to write a book about gratitude . And when she traveled to Hong Kong for a speaking engagement , the folk tales she heard and the beauty she saw further inspired her to write "  Where the Mountain Meets the Moon . " The children 's book is about a poor girl who over time realizes she has everything she needs to be happy . Her favorite spots include the mountains of Kowloon , a neighborhood in Hong Kong that means "  Nine Dragons . " As the legends tell it , the Song Dynasty 's Emperor Bing named the area after its eight tallest mountains . And the emperor was the ninth "  dragon " protecting the region . Hearing that story from her travel companion , "  I thought that was really neat , and it sparked my first idea of putting these folk tales into the story " that became the book , she said . Her latest book , "  Starry River of the Sky , " focuses on peace and was also inspired by her visit to Hong Kong . It came upon her when she took the Ngong Ping cable car trip to see the Big Buddha at Po Lin Monastery . "  It was a misty day , and I remember riding into it and seeing the huge Buddha in the mist , almost floating . It gave me such a sense of awe . " Now remarried in Massachusetts with a new baby , she has even more reasons to be grateful , she says . God 's painting across the sky When Lysa TerKeurst gets stressed about her crazy schedule packed with work , writing and the needs of her five children , she admits it 's easy to get sucked into anxiety . If she can realize what she 's doing , her first step is to be honest about her anxiety . "  I love God and I serve God , but I do n't put on any plastic facade to say I have it figured out , " says TerKeurst , president of Proverbs 31 Ministries , a Christian ministry for women . "  I do n't have it figured out . " "  I make myself stop and start listing things for which I am thankful , " says TerKeurst , whose latest book is "  Unglued : Making Wise Choices in the Midst of our Emotions . " "  That 's the best anti-anxiety remedy . " It can be as simple as appreciating the nature around her North Carolina home , or Camp-of-the-Woods , a Christian camp in New York 's Adirondacks where her family leaves all electronics behind . "  When I watch a sunset , it 's like God hand painted the sky that night , " she says . "  There will never be another one like it again . " To dig even deeper into gratitude , Terkeurst has traveled to the Dream Center in Los Angeles to volunteer on Skid Row . "  Every single day they 're doing some kind of mission work out in the community , and they will make a way for you to come out to serve , " she says . "  You can do things as a family with kids , married or single . It 's an amazing place where miraculous things happen . " Not at the top of the food chain Even though she was born and raised in Chicago , author Laura Munson has lived with her family in northwest Montana near Glacier National Park for 20 years . The area inspires Munson , whose memoir focused on her taking responsibility for her own happiness . "  This sacred part of the world steers my life , worldview , writing , mothering , everything , " says Munson , author of "  This Is Not the Story You Think It Is . " It may have to do with the fact that grizzly bears and mountain lions sometimes outrank humans on the food chain in Montana , she says . And her daily life can require skill with backhoes , chain saws and snowplows . "  My life is very , very quiet and for the most part , unwitnessed , " she says . "  I can wander in open spaces for miles here in the Flathead Valley , and not see another soul . I am grateful for Montana and its rugged wilderness . It has taught me about the rugged wilderness that is me . " A meditation teacher 's discoveries in Virginia Meditation teacher Pat Coffey lives about 10 minutes from Shenandoah National Park in rural Virginia where he finds peace and gratitude simply by looking at the mountains from his home or taking a daily walk in nature . He loves hiking the different trails at Shenandoah and finding the waterfalls tucked away in the park . The founder of the Insight Meditation Community of Charlottesville , co-founder of the Meditation Teacher Training Institute and co-founder of the Blue Ridge Prison Project , Coffey does a traditional Buddhist meditation every day for about an hour , but he says you do n't need any training to meditate in nature . "  Part of my healthy regimen is to get outside every day and feel what nature has to offer , " Coffey says . "  Nature is a pretty calming presence . Stand around a bunch of trees , and you 'll feel they 're just exuding calm . It 's a nature meditation that you do n't need any practice to do . " Restoration in Anne Lamott 's living room Those without a travel budget can still escape to find that sense of gratitude , says author Anne Lamott . As in her latest book , "  Help , Thanks , Wow : The Three Essential Prayers , " Lamott focuses much of her work and life on gratitude and that ever-elusive search for serenity . When she feels frayed and depleted , she creates a space on her living room couch she calls the "  cruise ship . " "  This form of travel mainly requires intention to seek serenity , peace and union , with self , with the now , with the divine , " she says . Choose your cruise ship drinks and snacks : "  You need a beautiful festive drink . I make cranberry spritzers , with a slice of lime . So gorgeous -- the cranberry red and the lime -- and you get to use your best glasses . " Grabbable foods are important so there 's no need to cook . Her choices include guacamole , corn chips , a perfect cheese , strawberries , Tootsie Pops , Hershey 's Kisses and cashews . Choose your sacred texts : For Lamott , "  this might be Mary Oliver and Rumi poems , a daily Bible study , a great novel and the latest issue of People magazine . " Her version of yoga : "  prone yoga , " where she lies around as much as possible . "  Plus I have a small skylight above my couch , so I can see sky and birds without the inconvenience of wind and other people . " Her intention is "  to stop fighting to get more done , to figure out more , achieve more , impress more , etc. . It is the intention to seek union with something bigger than us -- with the ocean , which in the living room is really just the carpet ; or with God , or God 's people , and in the living room , God 's big motley dogs . " Where do you go to find gratitude or a sense of serenity ? Please share in the comments section below .	The folk tales Grace Lin heard in Hong Kong inspired her to write about gratitude and peace Montana 's rugged wilderness has taught Laura Munson about "  rugged wilderness that is me " Anne Lamott creates a "  cruise ship " in her living room when she needs to find serenity
CNN  -- "  Refugees are the most vulnerable people on Earth . They are fighting to survive . " -- Angelina Jolie , United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees goodwill ambassador Children play in floodwater at a Pakistan refugee camp after floods displaced residents in August 2008 . The world 's population at the end of last year included 42 million displaced people , 80 percent of them in developing nations , according to a report this week by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . Many of these refugees are living in minimal standards for shelter and are exposed daily to the harshest elements of weather , the report says . For example , in Pakistan , some 300,000 refugees are living outdoors , in tents or similar structures , said Michael Kocher , vice president of international programs for the International Rescue Committee . That part of the world has been hit hard by extreme weather over the past couple of months . First , extreme heat plagued Pakistan , with temperatures in May and June soaring past 100 degrees Fahrenheit  38 degrees Celsius  . The heat is escalating the discomfort for many . "  People are living in cramped situations , often unsanitary situations , and it 's very hot , " Kocher said . "  In many places , there is not enough clean water or adequate sanitation . Heat exacerbates that problem . " As World Refugee Day approaches -- it falls on Saturday this year -- the forecast calls for even more dramatic weather changes in the coming weeks . In Southeast Asia , long stretches of scorching temperatures are usually the prelude to the rainy , or monsoon , season . Watch Angelina Jolie talk to CNN 's Anderson Cooper about the world 's refugee problem " The term "  monsoon " refers to a seasonal reversal of wind that typically occurs in late June or early July . For countries like Pakistan and India , this change brings daily , nonstop downpours . The change in the weather is essential for local crops , according to John Fasullo , project scientist with the National Center for Atmospheric Research . "  The Southeast Asian monsoon is the key source for regional agriculture , " he told CNN . "  It provides the majority of the moisture to support food needs for one-half the world 's population . ... It also brings a beneficial cooling of the temperatures . " The problem is , monsoon rains can also cause devastating floods . Fasullo says the threat for flooding can be "  continual from late June through early September . " In Pakistan , for example , where agencies have witnessed a large increase in displaced people over the past year , the monsoon of 2008 was particularly intense . If 2009 brings similar floods to the country , there will be a new threat for refugees exposed to the storms : mud . Watch how the monsoon is affecting refugees " "  The camps are quite threadbare , " Kocher said . "  Tents are held to the ground by rope . It 's hard to keep people dry . The ground gets muddy , which can lead to dirty water and bad sanitation facilities . " Vulnerability to nature 's dangerous elements is not only a concern for people displaced in Pakistan . Refugees in Afghanistan are subject to brutal winters , while in Iraq , scorching heat and sandstorms are common challenges for those without sufficient shelter . Of World Refugee Day , actress and humanitarian Angelina Jolie says , "  Please do not forget them , and remember them on this day . " Here are answers to some commonly asked questions :  How can I help world refugees that are exposed to the monsoon season and other weather dangers ? Go to CNN.com / ImpactYour World . There , you will find links to charities that help refugees and others in need .  Does the monsoon season affect the weather in the United States ? Southern Arizona and parts of New Mexico see heavy rain during the North American monsoon season , which runs from June 15 through September 30 . This time of year , the wind shifts , tapping into moisture from the Gulf of California and the Gulf of Mexico , and producing strong thunderstorms that bring the majority of the region 's annual rainfall .	As World Refugee Day approaches , monsoons could compound refugees ' troubles World contains 42 million displaced people -- 80 percent in developing nations In Pakistan , the 2008 monsoon season brought rains that flooded refugee camps UN Goodwill Ambassador Angelina Jolie : "  Please do not forget them "
Baghdad  CNN  -- Violence by extremists , widespread economic problems and significant failures in the judicial system contributed to shortcomings in Iraq 's 2010 human rights record , the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq said in a report released Monday . "  The human rights situation throughout Iraq remains fragile as the country slowly transitions from a conflict to post-conflict country that faces enormous development challenges that the Government and people of Iraq must now address , " the report 's authors wrote . "  Widespread poverty , economic stagnation , lack of opportunities , environmental degradation and an absence of basic services constitute ` silent ' human rights violations that affect large sectors of the population . " Much of the concern over human rights involved armed insurgent or terrorist groups , according to the report . The U.N. mission said the 2,953 civilian deaths it attributed to armed conflict in 2010 came largely at the hands of insurgent and terrorist groups . It said minorities , women and children suffered disproportionately . Torture and poor judicial practices also remain widespread , the U.N. mission said . Defendants are frequently not told what they are charged with , have no access to lawyers and are held longer than legally allowed without trial , according to the report . "  The judicial system also remains weak -- and an over reliance on confessions , rather than on properly gathered forensic evidence , to convict encourage an environment where torture of detainees takes place , " the report 's authors wrote . Womens ' rights also deteriorated , with so-called honor killings and domestic violence against women widespread and female genital mutilation widely practiced in northern Iraq , according to the report . The report also said security forces disproportionately target journalists , threatening freedom of expression . In April , the U.S. State Department released a report with similar findings , saying violence , corruption and organizational failings among government agencies , as well as actions by violent extremist groups , were contributing to significant human rights problems .	The U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq releases a report on the human rights situation there The report finds widespread problems still existed in 2010 , the year covered by the report Extremists , poverty and judicial problems were responsible for many violations , the mission says
CNN  -- My prized Penn State sweatshirt sits stuffed in the back of my closet . The oversized "  We Are Penn State " license plate that once perched above the door of my ESPN office , has been put away , along with photos of me as a proud , smiling cheerleader for the Nittany Lions . And weeks ago when my son received his very first college acceptance letter from my alma mater , Penn State -- a moment I thought would be one of the pinnacles in my life -- we both tossed the letter aside and prayed that he 'd get accepted into a "  better school . "  Our prayers were answered . I have Jerry Sandusky to thank for this change of heart . Reaction to the Sandusky verdict Friday night , Sandusky  $ " the former Penn State assistant football coach -- was found guilty on 45 of 48 counts related to sexual abuse of boys over a 15-year period . The jury took just two days to untangle this horrendous story and make a decision . And though some felt Sandusky would walk , I could not imagine how 12 jurors could listen to the courageous , heartbreaking testimony of all of those victims and believe that it was all a conspiracy , that those young men had all lied about the abuse charges just so they could file civil suits against an innocent Sandusky , as his defense lawyer claimed . Seeing this unimaginable story unfold for months has altered my perspective on sports forever . I 've worked as a sports journalist for more than 15 years , but through all the steroid stories , the accounts of domestic abuse , the gambling and corruption cases , I never lost my joy for sports -- football coming first in my world order . Then Jerry Sandusky happened and I felt sick . Joe Paterno died and I felt heartbroken and betrayed . Clearly , none of my emotions can ever compare to the pain and loss of innocence of Sandusky 's victims and their families . But this story has taken away my unabashed enthusiasm as a sports fan . Maybe it 's because I 'm the mother of an athlete . Or that I attended Penn State and knew many of the people involved in the story . And , like so many others , I can now look back and realize that something was a little creepy about the vibe around the Second Mile program and coach Sandusky . Jury finds Jerry Sandusky guilty on dozens of child sex abuse charges Penn State 's standout linebacker LaVar Arrington played for Sandusky . Arrington , who was mentioned many times in the trial by Victim Number 4 , recalled in a column for Washingtonpost.com that he knew Victim Number 4 well , and that the young man always seemed "  mad and distant . " "  My preconceived notion was that he was part of Sandusky 's Second Mile foundation , so he must live in a troubled home , and I chalked it up to that , " Arrington wrote . "  I would just tell him to smile every once in a while or laugh , that it would make him feel better . ... It 's mind-blowing to realize that a kid I took an active interest in during my time at school was suffering right in front of me and I had no idea that the pain allegedly came from someone in my own football program , " said Arrington . LaVar is one of the most decent athletes I have had the pleasure of working with . And I share some of his guilt . I 've seen the world of sports up close and have always known about stories like Sandusky . Mostly , those stories are treated as one-time events by wayward coaches , or viewed as one sports program gone wrong . We in the media never stay on these investigative stories for long . And reporters have a very difficult time pitching abuse stories to an editor . Though most sports journalists will never admit this , the main goal in sports reporting is to celebrate and illuminate the games . Constantly uncovering ugly issues in sports does not make a sports reporter a superstar at the office . Sports media are just too close to the games financially and socially to fully examine the depths of sports culture . Since Sandusky , each time I go to a game -- college , pro or high school - I ca n't help but wonder if any of those young men have ever been abused by a coach . At least one study indicates that one out of every six boys is sexually abused by the age of 14 , a shocking statistic . Recently , I watched with happiness as LeBron and D-Wade won their first NBA Championship together . But I could n't help but wonder if they , or their teammates , had ever been preyed upon by a coach when they were young boys . Sandusky 's son fits pattern of other alleged victims And the loving bear hugs that my son 's high school coach always gives players after a big win had me looking twice at him and the boys to see if I could detect any signs of unwanted behavior . And he knows why I 'm looking twice . I 'm not the only parent on high alert . Everything is suspect now . Am I being overly sensitive ? A bit too dramatic ? Do n't think so . This story has made me realize an important truth : Sports are the perfect playground for pedophiles . We will never be able to fully protect children from evil predators like Jerry Sandusky . But we do n't have to be helpless . Post-Sandusky , what have we learned ? Will anything change after the headlines recede ? What can we do to educate and protect our sons and daughters from the Sanduskys lurking among them ? It 's time to pull back the curtains on the predatory culture in sports , for journalists to pay more attention to these types of stories . It 's time for parents and schools , starting at least at a middle-school level , to talk to kids about inappropriate behavior and how predators operate . This does n't have to be a sex education class , but certainly schools could begin incorporating into a curriculum instruction in how to recognize and report inappropriate words or touches by coaches and/or teachers . In corporate America , nearly every Human Resources department has mandatory "  Harassment Workshops " for employees . Even as adults these conversations are never comfortable . By beginning to educate children about sexual abuse we can hopefully open up such conversations to help arm our kids as they grown into adults . We can make it easier for the next assistant coach like Mike McQueary , who testified that he witnessed a child being raped by Sandusky , to immediately take action and call the police instead of second-guessing himself and doing nothing to protect the child . We 've learned that adults need to be educated as much as children about how to recognize and expose pedophiles . A child who is abused needs to understand immediately that something is wrong and that her or she must tell somebody . If we do n't teach them , they have no chance at all against pedophiles . Telling our kids to stay away from sports or great college programs like Penn State is n't really the answer . This is not just a Penn State problem . It 's a sports problem . I know that just as I also know that my love of sports will return . But this time around , I 'll be an older and much wiser cheerleader for the games I love . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roxanne Jones .	Roxanne Jones says the Sandusky trial and verdict has affected her joy at sports She says in retrospect , Sandusky 's Second Mile creepy ; such things did n't get talked about She says sports media ignores abuse stories ; this must stop . Kids , adults need education Jones : Kids sports can attract pedophiles ; fight back by teaching kids about abuse
CNN  Danyeil Durrant was 10 years old when she first began dieting . She had no idea she would be wrestling with her eating habits for the next three decades . In 2012 , after years of alternating between dieting and splurging , Durrant had gone from "  chubby little girl " to a morbidly obese woman . The 5-foot-2 paralegal from Sebastian , Florida , weighed 363 pounds . She had quit going to amusement parks and concerts because she could n't fit in the seats or walk without knee pain , and she could n't get in her car without losing her breath . On airplanes , she had to fly first class and still use a seat belt extender because she was too big for coach seats . She took showers because she could n't lift her body out of the bathtub anymore . Durrant 's doctor told her that her cholesterol was so bad "  that I was going to have a heart attack within 10 years if I did n't change my ways . " Besides the physical toll , her self-worth was shot . "  I spent 30 years of my life thinking that if I could just lose this weight , then my life could begin , then I 'd make the cheerleading squad , then I could take that vacation , then I would meet the man of my dreams , etc. , " said Durrant . "  I never felt like I was enough . " Durrant , now 41 , attributes much of her weight gain to dieting at such a young age . "  It taught me that deprivation was the only way to lose weight , and that food was bad , " she said . "  I thought I was fatter than I actually was , and I never developed  a healthy  self-esteem . " She felt helpless , knowing her life was at risk but not knowing how to change . August 3 , 2012 , marked the start of her new life . That night , she was at a dinner for her sister 's birthday , "  pigging out on the fattiest foods possible , " when her sister mentioned she had joined Weight Watchers and was having success with it . Durrant joined Weight Watchers the next morning with her best friend and never looked back . Through the company 's points system , she learned how to create a balanced meal . She found the system was n't as restrictive as many other diets and allowed her to enjoy foods like steak as long as they were eaten in moderation . Durrant stopped eating fast food and gave up soda . She began to appreciate -- and eventually , to love -- fruits and vegetables . Most importantly , she eliminated a lot of guilt by realizing that eating something unhealthy did n't equal failure . "  In the past , if I ate what I considered non-diet food , I thought I had ruined everything , and I would quit whatever diet I was on , " Durrant said . "  Now I know that I can still occasionally splurge , attend celebrations , go to restaurants ... because I have learned how to choose something healthy anywhere I go . " She would go on to lose 150 pounds . In the first couple of months , Durrant 's low-density lipoprotein , or LDL , cholesterol dropped 37 points as she made more positive changes to her eating habits and began to spend more time in the gym . This health change was a major landmark in preventing the heart attack that her doctor had presented as a very real threat . But Durrant was not done making changes . From the very beginning , becoming physically strong was just as important to Durrant as losing a lot of weight . In January 2014 , she made a New Year 's resolution to go to the gym every day for a year . She has stayed faithful so far . "  Even if I 'm out of town I make sure to go before I leave or I rush back to get in my workout before midnight , " she said . "  I feel unstoppable . " Durrant has fitness equipment at home that she uses as well : a punching bag , an ab lounger , hand weights , kettlebells and workout DVDs . She tries to get in about five miles of cardio every day , as well as upper and lower body weight exercises . She has recently discovered a passion for weightlifting and bench pressing . "  I am very proud of my muscles , " she said . "  I stare at them all the time . " Durrant 's boyfriend , Joe Goshen , has been her biggest cheerleader . He said she 's always been beautiful , but she "  now has a million different smiles , each one more beautiful than the last . " She weighs 213 pounds and is down to a size 12 . Her ultimate goal is to weigh "  150 pounds of muscle . " Although Durrant has changed most dramatically on the outside , she likes to acknowledge the internal changes as well . "  I am not afraid of what people think of me . I am not afraid of social situations , " she said . "  Basically , I am not afraid . " She said her newfound self-confidence has really helped her focus on the importance of even the smallest moment . "  When the weekend comes , I 'm up with the birds and ready to get out of the house and make every moment count , instead of lying in bed with no energy , watching TV and eating . " Durrant decided to create a Facebook page called "  Get Down with Dani " to both inspire others and to keep herself accountable for achieving her weight loss goals . "  I have had the pleasure of meeting the strongest people that I 've ever known , " she said . "  They have embraced me every step of my journey and allowed me to inspire and motivate them to start their own weight loss journeys . " Initially , Durrant said she challenged her followers to work out with her every day for a month , and more than 300 people joined her in accomplishing that goal . "  Now I have a challenge group with thousands of women , and a few good men , who are all ` Down with Dani ' and excited for every new challenge that I give them , " she said . "  We have made weight loss fun . " She said it 's an amazing feeling to be the one doing the inspiring and motivating , when two years ago , "  all I wanted to do was hide in a corner and cry . " "  My struggle with obesity is the one thing in life that I always failed at , " she said . "  To become an inspiration at your greatest failure , that is priceless . "	Danyeil Durrant started to lose weight to prevent a heart attack She works out at the gym daily and inspires others to do the same "  I am very proud of my muscles , " she says
CNN  -- A man snowmobiling in Montana died when an avalanche buried him near Big Sky resort , authorities said . Rescue crews were called to the scene after the incident Wednesday afternoon . The man in his 40s was in a group of three snowmobile drivers who triggered the avalanche , said Sheriff Brian Gootkin of Gallatin County . The others suffered minor injuries . The county was under an avalanche warning after 8 inches of snow that was preceded by rain Tuesday evening . "  It was not a good recipe , " Gootkin said . Authorities suspended recovery efforts for the night and will send a helicopter Thursday morning to retrieve the body . The man 's name has not been released .	Authorities say the victim was in a group of three snowmobile drivers The others suffered minor injuries Gallatin County was under an avalanche warning after snow , rain
CNN  -- Eminem was a bit of a novelty when he burst on the music scene in 1999 with his major-label debut album , "  The Slim Shady LP . " One of the highest-profile white rappers not only to have major crossover success but also street cred , the artist born Marshall Mathers no longer has to deal as much with the issue of race in a music genre dominated by African-American men . Instead , he is grappling with issues regarding another minority group . "  I poke fun at other people , myself , " Eminem recently told Rolling Stone magazine about using a slur against gay people in his rhymes . "  But the real me sitting here right now talking to you has no issues with gay , straight , transgender , at all . " The rapper has always courted controversy , and it 's not the first time he 's attracted attention for gay epithets in his music . Eminem now is feeling the heat for the not at all gay friendly lyrics in "  Rap God " from his eighth solo album , "  The Marshall Mathers LP 2 , " which came out Tuesday . A sequel to his hit 2000 album , "  The Marshall Mathers LP , " the latest project is garnering some critical acclaim . Consequence of Sound writer Mike Madden notes in a Time piece that "  Eminem does n't have that center-of-the-universe pull these days , nor could he or anyone else have expected ` MMLP2 ' to yield the results of its alpha . " "  But , this one 's nostalgic in all the right ways , a worthy look back at the LP that made him the world 's most popular cult figure , " he writes . "  And , since we still have n't found an inheritor to his madness , this version of Marshall Mathers is more than welcome . " In reviewing the album , USA Today 's Edna Gundersen gave it 3 1/2 stars out of 4 , saying , "  On ` The Marshall Mathers LP 2 , ' he recaptures the original release 's wild , clever , emotional brilliance in a flurry of caustic , brazenly honest , rapid-fire rhymes and aggressive beats . So what 's the problem ? Once the bravest visionary in rap 's underworld , Eminem spends much of ` MMLP2 ' gazing into the past , reworking early tricks and wading in nostalgia rather than forging a fresh path . " Eminem returns to hip-hop at an interesting time . Two of its biggest stars , Kanye West and Jay Z , are known as much for their high-profile relationships  to Kim Kardashian and Beyonce , respectively  and roles as fathers as they are for their music . And the new rising stars include the likes of Kendrick Lamar , who is making a name for himself basically by dissing everyone . It 's an era where music artists strive to be shocking  Miley Cyrus , anyone ?  while still in fear of running afoul of the political correctness police . Sober after an addiction to prescription drugs he told CNN almost killed him and the father of a teen daughter , Eminem , now 41 , has also grown . The new album is a follow-up to a different time in his life , but it remains as personal as his past projects . "  I always say this about my music , and music in general : Music is like a time capsule , " he told Complex magazine . "  Each album reflects what I 'm going through or what 's going on in my life at that moment . " He told the magazine he is unsure of where he fits into today 's musical landscape . "  I struggle with that sometimes , " Eminem said . "  I guess it 's more about where people see me , and where people feel like I fit in . Hopefully when all is said and done , people see me as just an MC . " These days there are a plethora of white rappers that can thank Eminem for further opening the door to the genre . Artists such as Mac Miller , Yelawolf and Macklemore are now hip-hop mainstays . When Brand Nubian rapper Lord Jamar recently criticized the latter during an interview  "  Okay , white rappers , you 're coming to this almost as a guest . Okay , matter of fact you are guests in the house of Hip Hop . Just because you have a hit record does n't give you the right as I feel to voice your opinion . "  , others condemned the comments . "  I mean as far as white people rapping , who gives a f**k , " said actor/comedian Lil Duval to Vlad TV . "  Is it f *** in ' up yo money ? No . " Rapper Mackelmore offers an interesting counterpoint to Eminem 's new single given that the former 's anthem to gay equality , "  Same Love , " has become a hit . When Rolling Stone writer Brian Hiatt recently questioned Eminem as to "  why , in 2013 , use ` f ** got ' on that song  ` Rap God '  " and "  why use ` gay-looking ' as an insult " given that he has gone out of his way to say he has no problem with the gay community , the rapper attributed it to his hip-hop persona . "  I do n't know how to say this without saying it how I 've said it a million times , " he said . "  But that word , those kind of words , when I came up battle-rappin ' or whatever , I never really equated those words . ... " To being a homosexual , Hiatt asked ? "  Yeah , " he said . "  It was more like calling someone a b ** ch or a punk or a ** hole . So that word was just thrown around so freely back then . It goes back to that battle , back and forth in my head , of wanting to feel free to say what I want to say , and then  worrying about  what may or may not affect people . "	Eminem is answering critics about anti-gay lyrics His new single , "  Rap God , " uses a gay slur Eminem 's latest album is a sequel to "  The Marshall Mathers LP "
CNN  -- Five-time defending champion Roger Federer is bidding to match the record of a controversial tennis legend who dominated the sport in the 1920s but died in disgrace . Tilden dominated tennis in the 1920s with his own trademark style . American Bill Tilden achieved fame and fortune through his tennis exploits and befriended Hollwyood stars such as Charle Chaplin , but he spent over a year in jail in the 1940s on a morals charge , which ruined his reputation before his untimely death in 1953 . Tilden won his six straight U.S. Open titles from 1920-1925 - a record since the tournament abolished the challenge system - where the champion automatically qualified for the final - in 1911 . Under that system , Richard Sears won the first seven editions of the U.S. Open  then the U.S. National Tennis Championships  in the 1880s . Tilden , who claimed his seventh U.S . Open title in 1929 as well as being twice a losing finalist , goes down in the history books as one of the greatest tennis players of all time . A relatively late starter , Tilden struggled to get into his college tennis team in Pennsylvania , but years of dedicated practice started to bear fruit after the First World War as he reached the U.S. Open finals of 1918 and 1919 . He reached his peak in the 1920s , winning his first U.S. Open title and holding the world number one spot for seven straight years . Tilden also led the United States to a record seven straight Davis Cup titles as well as claiming three Wimbledon titles . His famed "  cannonball " services worked particularly well on the fast grass surfaces on which the U.S. Open and Wimbledon were staged . Tilden never won the French Open being losing finalist in the last year it was held on grass courts , in 1927 , and 1930 on clay . He won the last of his 10 grand slam titles at Wimbledon in 1930 before deserting the amateur ranks for the fledging professional circuit Eventually joined by the likes of Ellsworth Vines , Fred Perry and Don Budge , Tilden remained a star attraction until well into his 40s , filling arenas such as Madison Square Garden in big money matches . But off the court , Tilden was a controversial figure , battling with tennis officials as his amateur status was called into question and being accused of being arrogant and inconsiderate . Tilden , who never married , saw his reputation destroyed in the 1940s when he was found guilty of a morals charge in connection with a minor . He served seven-and-a-half months of a year jail term but was arrested again in 1949 after picking up a 16-year-old male hitchhiker . Tilden served a further 10 months for his probation violation and was shunned by the tennis community . His friendship with Hollywood stars such as Chaplin and a love of the theatrical world saw Tilden pour much of his riches into less than successful Broadway productions . He died a tragic figure in 1953 , having a stroke in Los Angeles as he prepared for a trip to play in the U.S. Pro Championships despite his 60 years of age . Tilden was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 1959 and in any polls of all-time great tennis players always features in the top order . Federer , who won a record 15th grand slam title at Wimbledon , is top seed at Flushing Meadows , the venue since 1978 .	Roger Federer seeking to match the six straight U.S. Open wins of Bill Tilden Tilden dominated tennis in the 1920s , winning 10 grand slam titles The American legend served two prison sentences on morals charges in the 1940s Tilden was shunned by the tennis comminty and died at the age of 60
CNN  -- CNN and Turner Broadcasting System founder Ted Turner says he 's "  recuperating well " after falling ill South America . Turner , 75 , confirmed in a statement issued Monday that he "  underwent a minor surgical procedure due to appendicitis " during a "  brief hospital stay " in Argentina . Turner 's spokesman previously declined to reveal why he was hospitalized last Friday , saying only that he was there "  for observation . " Argentina 's state-run Telam news agency reported Turner was initially treated in Bariloche , a lakeside city near the Chilean border , about 1,500 kilometers  940 miles  southwest of Buenos Aires . He was suffering from acute abdominal pain , according to clinic spokeswoman Paula Redondo . Turner was flown later that morning to the capital of Buenos Aires to have surgery , according to Telam . "  I 'm happy to report I 'm recuperating well and looking forward to getting back to business as usual , " Turner said Monday in his statement . "  The doctors and medical staff at both hospitals in Bariloche and Buenos Aires were amazing and took really good care of me . " He said he was heading back to the United States . "  To my family , current and former colleagues and everyone else who called , sent notes of encouragement and get well wishes , I ca n't thank you enough for lifting my spirits during my ordeal , " he said . "  During moments like this I tend to reflect on the past , and while I have dealt with many difficult situations in my lifetime , I am humbled by this experience and will be forever grateful to you all . " Soon after graduating from Brown University and serving in the U.S. Coast Guard , Turner took over the family business -- Turner Advertising -- in 1963 . Seven years later , he bought TV stations in Charlotte , North Carolina , and Atlanta to kickstart a media empire that would one day include TBS , TNT , HLN , Cartoon Network , TCM and CNN , which launched in 1980 . In 1996 , Turner sold Turner Broadcasting to Time Warner , though he remained active in the business for several more years . Besides his business ventures -- including the Ted 's Montana Grill chain and the renewable energy company RT Solar -- Turner has been one of the United States most generous philanthropists , including a $ 1 billion donation to the United Nations in 1997 . The reinvention of Ted Turner CNN 's Greg Botelho and Robert Lenz contributed to this report .	Ted Turner confirms he "  underwent a minor surgical procedure due to appendicitis " "  I am humbled by this experience , " the CNN founder says Turner was hospitalized in Argentina Friday
CNN  -- Authorities arrested at least nine people after a "  series of fights " at the nation 's biggest shopping mall sent chairs flying and caused after-Christmas shoppers to flee , officials in Minnesota said Tuesday . Police and security officers at the Mall of America arrested a mix of young adults and juveniles after a food-court fight around 4 p.m. Monday broke up into brawls elsewhere in the shopping center , Bloomington Police Department Commander Mark Stehlik said . At one point , police received reports of up to 10 separate fights , he said . Video of one incident showed a man picking up a chair to throw as crowds of shoppers , some screaming , fled a mall food court . The video also showed a group of what appeared to be youths brawling before police officers intervened . Witnesses described a chaotic scene . "  There were drinks thrown on the floor and chairs being thrown everywhere , " witness Tess Dessalgne told television station KARE . She reported that "  everyone started running toward the fight , " while the video showed others leaving the area . Another woman told CNN affiliate WCCO that she "  did n't really know what was going on " when stores unexpectedly began closing down but soon saw police "  pushing us all away from Nordstrom  department store  . " "  Unfortunately , as we have witnessed at shopping sites across the country this week , large groups of individuals can come together and create bad situations , " mall officials said in a statement . "  It is very unfortunate to see these incidents occurring , especially during the holiday shopping season when families are out spending time together . " No serious injuries were reported , the statement said . The mall remained open , although some stores closed down temporarily . Some witnesses told WCCO the fights began after reports that rappers Lil ' Wayne and Drake were visiting the mall . "  I 've heard that and some other things as far as speculation . I do n't know that there 's anything to substantiate that , " Stehlik said . Investigators are still working to determine what caused the fight , he said . "  Frankly , at this time , we do n't really have any idea , and we might never . It 's hard to say what starts a fight , " he said . The mall responded to a query on Twitter by saying , "  Drake is not here . " "  There was no shooting , " the mall tweeted to one person . "  Chairs were thrown in the food court resulting in the loud noise you heard . " At one point , more than 30 officers were trying to calm the crowd , Stehlik said . He described the series of fights as a "  highly unusual event . " "  We kind of pushed people out toward one of the exit doors and out of the mall in an attempt to quell the crowd a little bit , " he said . "  Once we got everybody out , the whole thing kind of just settled down and went back to business as usual . " The Mall of America describes itself as the largest retail and entertainment complex in the United States . It says it has more than 520 stores , 50 restaurants and attractions that include an aquarium , flight simulator and a spa for children . CNN 's Ashley Hayes and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Police : At one point , authorities received reports of at least 10 fights A "  series of fights " break out at the Mall of America , officials say A witness says there were "  chairs being thrown everywhere " The mall describes itself as the nation 's largest
Madrid  CNN  -- A gang that smuggled Chinese citizens into the United States and Europe , sometimes forcing them to work as prostitutes , has been busted with 75 arrests in Spain and France , authorities announced Saturday . The trafficking ring was based in -- and directed from -- China , but its two suspected leaders in Europe were arrested in the operation , in Barcelona , Spanish national police said in a statement . Besides the two main suspects , Spanish police arrested 49 others carrying forged passports at the airports in Barcelona , Madrid , Palma de Mallorca and five other cities . In France , there were 24 arrests . The smugglers charged 40,000 to 50,000 euros  $ 53,000 to $ 66,000  to transport Chinese citizens , assigned with false identities , to the United States , Spain , France , Greece , Italy , Britain , Ireland and Turkey , the statement said . Spain was the next-to-last stop for many before they went to the preferred locations of the United States and Britain , the statement said . Twins rescued as China hospital trafficking probe continues The arrests were made last June and the case , at Spain 's National Court , has been under seal until now , a national police spokesman told CNN on Saturday . All of the suspects are Chinese , or from elsewhere in Asia . All have had initial court appearances and have been ordered to remain in prison while the investigation continues or have been released by the judge , with conditions , said the spokesman , who by custom is not identified . The suspects include those who allegedly formed part of the smuggling ring and also those who paid for the forged documents , the spokesman said . Police seized 81 forged passports , ostensibly from Japan , Malaysia , Hong Kong , Singapore , South Korea and Taiwan -- but all made in China , they said . Investigators also found three laptop computers , printers and 22 rubber stamps used to forge documents at homes they said the gang used in Barcelona , police said . The probe began two years ago . Investigators said the trafficking ring was intricately structured , divided into independent and virtually isolated cells to avoid detection , police said . The smugglers used their own set of trustworthy travel enforcers , well-versed in the airports and cities where the Chinese were taken . They kept the travelers under control , sometimes trying to pass them off unnoticed among groups of legitimate Chinese tourists . The ring was quick to react to security changes on the ground at a given airport , swiftly changing to another destination where it would be easier to have their people slip past security controls , the statement said . Once a delivery of smuggled Chinese citizens had been completed , the travel enforcers would return to their bases in China and Malaysia to await further instructions , and to avoid detection by Western police forces , police said . Spanish police have been active in recent years in fighting human trafficking rings that lured citizens from Asia , Africa or Eastern Europe to Spain . The victims are often promised a better life , but then subjected to harsh forced labor conditions in clandestine factories or forced them into prostitution .	Smugglers charged up to $ 66,000 to bring migrants into Europe and the U.S. , police say Spanish police arrested two suspects they called the ringleaders and 49 others Another 24 were arrested in France after a two-year probe
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The family of a British soldier serving in Afghanistan has been forced from their home after a poisonous spider hitched a ride back with him and apparently killed their pet dog . The camel spider 's bite is not deadly to humans but can kill small animals . Lorraine Griffiths and her three children , aged 18 , 16 , and 4 , moved out of their house in Colchester , southeast England , and are refusing to return until the spider is apprehended , the UK Press Association reported . Griffiths told the East Anglian Daily Times that the spider appeared after her husband , Rodney , returned from a four-month tour of duty in Helmand province , the arid southern Afghan frontline in the fight against Taliban extremists . "  My son Ricky was in my bedroom looking for his underwear , and he went into the drawer under my bed , and something crawled across his hand , " she told the paper . She said their pet dog Cassie confronted the creature , which they identified on the Internet as a camel spider , but ran out whimpering when it hissed at her . Watch the family that has been terrorized by the spider " "  It seems too much of a coincidence that she died at the same time that we saw the spider , " she said . The desert-dwelling camel spider , actually an insect rather than an arachnid , can run up to 25 kilometers  15 miles  an hour and reach 15 centimeters  6 inches  in length . Its bite is not deadly to humans but can kill small animals .	UK family forced from home as poisonous insect hitches in from Afghanistan Camel spider believed to have stowed away in soldier 's luggage Family blames creature for death of pet dog Cassie
CNN  Thick fog forced authorities to suspend the air search Wednesday for seven Marines and four Army aircrew , feared dead after their Black Hawk helicopter crashed into waters off the Florida Panhandle . The helicopter was first reported missing at about 8:30 p.m.  9:30 p.m. ET  Tuesday . Hours later , searchers found debris around Okaloosa Island near Eglin Air Force Base , base spokesman Andy Bourland said . This debris washed up on both the north and south sides of Santa Rosa Sound , which connects mainland northern Florida and a barrier island . The air search is expected to resume midday Thursday , the spokesman said . A spokeswoman for the Coast Guard said that boats will continue scouring the waters throughout the night Wednesday , weather permitting . Human remains have washed ashore in the area near Eglin . Base spokeswoman Jasmine Porterfield did n't specify what was found , noting the search-and-rescue mission remained underway . Still , there was little hope for a miracle , with Gen. Martin Dempsey -- chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff -- expressing his condolences . He said the crash was "  a reminder to us that those who serve put themselves at risk , both in training and in combat . " "  We will work with the services to ensure that ... their family members will be well cared for . " The Air Force , Coast Guard and civilian agencies participated in the intensive search focused on where they believe the aircraft went down , in waters east of the town of Navarre and the Navarre Bridge and near Eglin testing range site A-17 . Porterfield said approximately 100 people were involved in canvassing the ground and the waters , looking for debris : "  It 's a huge effort underway . " "  We 're working closely with all the parties involved to locate our Marines and the Army crew that were onboard , " added Capt. Barry Morris , a spokesman for the U.S. Marines Corps Special Operations Command . "  And , really , just our thoughts  and  prayers are with the Marines , the soldiers and the families of those involved in the mishap . " No one is saying what caused the accident , with Eglin spokeswoman Sara Vidoni indicating only that there 's no indication of anything suspicious . There was heavy fog in the area when the aircraft went missing , though the Eglin spokeswoman said it 's too early to tell whether that had anything to do with the crash . "  There is training in all conditions -- that 's part of the military mission , " Vidoni said . "  They were out there doing what the military does . " According to Morris , the service members -- all men -- were involved in a seven-day training exercise of amphibious operations . It involved small boats and inserting and extracting Marines from the water via helicopter . Morris would not say in which phase of the training the Marines were on Tuesday night . The UH-60 helicopter was n't alone when it went down . A second Black Hawk -- assigned to 1-244th Assault Helicopter Battalion based in Hammond , Louisiana -- safely returned to the base , some 40 miles east of Pensacola . The aircraft were both assigned to the Louisiana Army National Guard out of Hammond and taking part in what the U.S. military called a "  routine training mission involving the Marine Special Operations Regiment " out of Camp Lejeune . "  Whatever the trouble was with the one aircraft , it did not involve the second helicopter that was participating in the exercise , " Bourland said . The Army aircrew members belonged to the Army National Guard unit out of Louisiana , part of a unit that Gov. Bobby Jindal said "  have fought courageously overseas in defense of our nation and here at home . " By 11:15 a.m. , relatives of all four of those guardsmen had been notified , though their names wo n't be released publicly until the Coast Guard recovers their bodies or calls off the search , said Col. Pete Schneider , a Louisiana National Guard spokesman . "  They have protected what matters most during times of crisis , " Jindal said . "  These soldiers represent the best of Louisiana , and we are praying for them and their families . " Morris said the Marines involved in the crash were all "  highly-trained " members of that service 's special operations command . They were based out of Camp Lejeune , an expansive North Carolina base that is home to about 170,000 active deputy , dependent , retired and civilian personnel . The pilots were instructor pilots , Maj. Gen. Glenn Curtis told reporters . He said the whole crew had several thousand combined hours of operation flying the Black Hawk . In January , two Marines died when their helicopter went down at the Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center in Twentynine Palms , California . And last March , an F/A -18 C Hornet 's pilot died after a crash about 70 miles east of Naval Air Station Fallon in western Nevada . This week 's crash involved a UH-60 Black Hawk , a twin-engine helicopter introduced into Army service in 1979 in place of the iconic UH-1 Huey . Other branches have modified the Black Hawk for their own uses , including the Navy 's SH-60  the Sea Hawk  , the Air Force 's MH-60  the Pave Hawk  and the Coast Guard 's HH-60  the Jayhawk  . The Army 's UH-60 helicopter , which has a maximum speed of 173 mph , has an airframe "  designed to progressively crush on impact to protect the crew and passengers , " according to the service . As Morris , the Marine spokesman , pointed out , those who get on such aircraft or take part in other military exercises are n't always out of danger just because they 're off the battlefield . "  We have a requirement to conduct realistic military training , " he said . "  And unfortunately this mishap happened . " CNN 's Jason Hanna , John Newsome , Victor Blackwell , Jamie Crawford and Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	Heavy fog is complicating efforts ; the search is expected to resume Thursday Four air crew members , seven Marines were on board the helicopter The service members have not been identified
Vice President Joe Biden delivered a wonky , populist speech on Monday in Davenport where he endorsed Bruce Braley for Senate and lambasted Republicans for forgetting about the middle class . Biden , who is known for being folksy and prides himself on relating to working class voters , attacked Republicans for what he called attempts to roll back Medicaid , privatize social security and stop any raise of the minimum wage . "  What are these guys , " Biden questioned at one point during the speech . "  This is a different breed , " the vice president said of Republicans . "  They are n't bad or good , they are just different . They are just really , really different . " Biden endorsed Braley as the right choice for Iowa voters and , at times , attacked Republican Joni Ernst , Braley 's opponent . Biden , however , did n't refer to her by name , instead calling her "  Bruce 's opponent . " The vice president also nationalized the race , saying that , "  This election in Iowa is more important than Iowa . " "  This election in Iowa is about sending a message to the entire country and to our Republican colleagues who know better , " Biden said . "  If Bruce wins and I believe he will ... it is going to break the back of the hard right . " Biden has been a strong supporter for Braley , both in this senate race and his previous races for Congress . The senate hopeful said the vice president -- who is considering a run at president in 2016 -- has been in Iowa so much that "  He does n't need a GPS " in the state , "  he just needs to know where he is going . " The Braley-Ernst race has remained close throughout and looks like it will come down to the last eight days of campaigning . Polls have each campaign within striking distance of one another , a fact that -- coupled with Iowa being the crucial first-in-the-nation caucus state for the presidency -- has drawn out a number of big name Democrats and Republicans . Republican Sen. Marco Rubio will be in Scott County on Tuesday , while Hillary Clinton , who 's polling ahead of any other Democrat considering a 2016 presidential bid , will visit Davenport on Wednesday . Speaker of the House John Boehner will also visit Davenport on Monday night , a fact that was not lost on the vice president . "  My friend , John Boehner , and he is my friend , " will be here later , Biden said . "  I hope he talks about what the Republicans are for . " Then Biden turned to one camera on the riser next to him and acted like he was talking directly to Boehner : "  Talk about what the Republicans are for John , it is your buddy Joe . " After the speech , which included Rep. David Loebsack , Biden and Braley shook hands with supporters as Taylor Swift 's "  Shake It Off " played in the background . At one point , a women presented Biden with her baby . The vice president showed surprise and chatted with the mother . When someone asked them to pose for a photo , the vice president obliged . After the photo , instead of kissing the baby -- which is an old political cliche -- Biden turned to his right and laid a kiss on the woman 's temple .	Vice President Joe Biden was in Davenport stumping for Bruce Braley The Braley-Ernst race is one of the closest races in 2014 's midterms Biden is considering a 2016 presidential bid and has close ties to Iowa
CNN  -- The plane is only in the shot for a few seconds . But in that time , it goes from just another small aircraft landing at a Colorado airport to a horrific fireball . New video from the Aspen/Pitkin County Airport may provide clues about what went wrong on January 5 when the crash killed a co-pilot . Two other people on board the small plane were injured . The black-and-white video shows the plane exploding in flames the instant it touches the ground . As the scorched aircraft continues down the runway , it leaves a long trail of fire shooting into the sky . The airport released images from five infrared cameras in response to an open records request filed by Aspen Journalism , which provided the video to CNN . Witnesses said the plane flipped over , and photos showed the plane upside down on the tarmac , its fuselage charred . The pilot of the twin-engine jet had reported high winds during a previous attempt to land , according to a recording of the air traffic control radio transmission obtained by CNN through FlightAware.com , a flight-tracking website . "  Missed approach , N115WF. 33 knots of tail wind , " the pilot is heard saying a few minutes before the crash . FAA spokesman Allen Kenitzer said the Bombardier Challenger 600 was coming from Tucson , Arizona . The plane originated from Toluca , Mexico , roughly 40 miles west of Mexico City , according to Flightaware . The deceased co-pilot was identified as 54-year-old Sergio Carranza Brabata of Mexico . The Pitkin County coroner listed the preliminary cause of death as blunt force trauma . The injured -- the pilot and another co-pilot flying as a passenger -- were hospitalized with "  moderate to severe injuries , " said Alex Burchetta of the county Sheriff 's Office . The National Transportation Safety Board has launched an investigation . Two celebrities who were at the small airport in the Aspen ski resort area posted Twitter messages saying they witnessed the crash . "  So sad ! Horrible plane crash we just saw happen at the Aspen airport , " singer LeAnn Rimes tweeted . Comedian Kevin Nealon tweeted : "  Horrible plane crash here at Aspen airport . Exploded into flames as it was landing . I think it was a private jet . Fire truck and ambulances were on the scene within minutes . " The Aspen airport is known as a challenging place for pilots to land because of the mountains that surround the runway . The airport tarmac is often filled with private planes owned or chartered by the wealthy and famous who own vacation homes in the mountain resort community . "  Airport is closed now , " Nealon tweeted after the crash . "  I think I 'll drive back to LA after seeing that . " Small plane makes forced landing on Bronx highway Pilot concerned about landing Asiana jet before crash CNN 's Carma Hassan , Aaron Cooper , AnneClaire Stapleton , Janet DiGiacomo and Scott Thompson contributed to this report .	Footage shows the plane exploding in flames as it hits the runway A 54-year-old co-pilot from Mexico was killed in the crash Radio traffic : A pilot missed a first attempt to land due to high winds The National Transportation Safety Board has launched an investigation
CNN  Pardon us , "  Lost " fans , but April 8 was n't only your day . Yes , we know the significance of April 8 , 2015 , and the alignment of 4:23.42 p.m. on that date to everyone obsessed with the hit ABC show , and we heard about the general geek-outs that were occurring . But do n't forget , April 8 was also "  Rex Manning Day . " Twitter did n't , paying homage to the 1995 film "  Empire Records " and the character of Rex Manning , played by the very dreamy Maxwell Caulfield . The movie -- also starring Liv Tyler , Anthony LaPaglia and Rene Zellweger -- centers on an independent record store in Delaware where , on April 8 , former pop idol Manning is scheduled to make an in-store appearance . Fret not if you missed it , as we have some other dates made famous by films that you are n't going to want to let pass you by : April 14 Their love affair was doomed like two ships passing in the night , but it was so good while it lasted for Jack and Rose in the 1997 blockbuster movie "  Titanic . " The sketch Jack does of his beloved is dated April 14 , 1912 . The Titanic sank on April 15 , 1912 . April 25 Thanks to the 2000 film "  Miss Congeniality , " we now know that April 25 is the perfect date . Just do n't forget to dress accordingly . October 3 "  Mean Girls Day " is officially October 3 , given that 's when Aaron Samuels  OMG , he is so hot !  asks Cady what day it is . Of course , she replies "  It 's October 3 . " Honestly , any day is a good day to quote the 2004 film . It 's so fetch . October 21 , 2015 Buckle up for this one . In the 1989 film "  Back to the Future Part II , " Marty McFly and the gang travel to October 21 , 2015 . We hope to be celebrating that in our flying car that we are STILL waiting on , please and thank you .	April 8 was huge for "  Lost " and "  Empire Records " fans April 14 , April 25 , October 21 are other big dates in movies
CNN  -- In the wake of Michael Jackson 's memorial service , the key question of how the pop superstar died remains unanswered , awaiting an official report from the Los Angeles County coroner . Michael Jackson , at 25 , graced the cover of "  Thriller . " The right photo shows him more than two decades later . But other mysteries abound , particularly related to Jackson 's appearance , which changed dramatically from his early adulthood . His features changed , and the color of his skin lightened significantly over the last two decades of his life . When the face of the most recognizable entertainer in the world faded to near alabaster , the transformation struck a sensitive cultural spot . It intrigued and even offended people , spawning numerous articles and blog posts speculating about his metamorphosis . This week , a source involved with the investigation into Jackson 's death said the singer 's body was "  lily white from head to toe . " And another source said Jackson had "  paper-white skin . As white as a white T-shirt . " The singer denied changing his skin color for vanity reasons and repeatedly asserted that he had a disease called vitiligo , in which the immune system attacks cells that produce melanin , the pigment that determines skin color . The condition results in milky white spots . For some patients , the discolored spots can spread entirely across the body , leaving only freckles of the original skin color , although this is not very common , experts said . Jackson told Oprah Winfrey in a 1993 interview , "  I 'm a black American . I am proud to be a black American . I am proud of my race , and I am proud of who I am . I have a lot of pride and dignity of who I am . "  I have a skin disorder that destroys the pigmentation of the skin . It 's something I can not help . When people make up stories that I do n't like who I am , it hurts me , " Jackson told Winfrey . Jackson 's claims that he had vitiligo elicited both empathy and skepticism . Those familiar with the skin condition said vitiligo is commonly misunderstood because of its rarity . It affects approximately 1 percent of the world 's population , according to the American Vitiligo Research Foundation . "  I have to wear sleeves and carry an umbrella , " said Lee Thomas , who wrote a memoir called "  Turning White , " which discusses his physical and mental struggles as an African-American man whose skin changes because of vitiligo . "  It totally makes sense to me . " And he even shared a common habit as the King of Pop . "  I got -LSB- white spots -RSB- on one of my hands , so I used to wear a glove to hold a microphone , " said Thomas , an Emmy-winning TV news broadcaster in Detroit , Michigan . He first noticed white spots on his scalp when he was 25 . Then the spots appeared on his hands . "  Before I got this , I thought , ` What 's up with Michael Jackson ? ' " Thomas said . "  Then I get the disease , and it 's like , ` Holy crap , there really is a disease called vitiligo , and it does what ? ' " Making assumptions about why or how a person 's skin color changed is "  not malicious ignorance , but it is definitely ignorance , " Thomas said . Vitiligo affects people of all races , but it is more visible in people with darker skin . The cause of the disorder is unknown , although family history plays a role . Topical ointments such as corticosteroids and oral medicine combined with ultraviolet light therapies are used to restore pigment to the skin . These treatments often have side effects including abnormal hair growth , thinning and over-darkening of the skin . They can be about 60 to 70 percent successful , said Dr. James Nordlund , a dermatologist who specializes in skin color disorders at Group Health Associates in Cincinnati , Ohio . "  The problem with vitiligo is , you end up with two colors , " said Nordlund , a board member with the National Vitiligo Foundation . "  Everyone stares , wonders what 's going on , and people ask if you had a burn . Kids ask what 's wrong with you . It takes a tough soul to deal with that and not be affected . " He recalled one patient , an African-American woman with vitiligo who had patches across her hands and face . When she shopped in the grocery store , she would be followed , and every bit of produce and item she touched would be thrown away , he said . If treatment to restore the patient 's natural color fails and the majority of a person 's body is discolored , the next option is to lighten his or her skin to match the spots . "  People want to be their own color , " Nordlund said . "  Most of the time , most want to be their own color , but if they ca n't , the second best is , ` Look , I 'll be one color , and I 'll be white . ' " Nordlund never treated Jackson but said the singer 's use of the gloves and lipstick was consistent with the patterns of vitiligo , since the spots frequently first appear on the hands and face , including the lips . He said Jackson 's representatives once reached out to several dermatologists , including him , to hold a symposium on vitiligo at the Neverland Ranch , but those plans never materialized . Despite such statements , the constant changes in his face -- as it became narrower and paler -- baffled and caused some unease . Bleaching or lightening one 's skin for cosmetic reasons is much rarer in the United States than in Asian , African and Caribbean nations , dermatologists said . In some countries , people use over-the-counter and bootleg products -- some of which contain potentially toxic chemicals -- to lighten their skin . The controversial practice has been viewed as the psychological legacy of racism , where light skin was valued over darker skin . In the United States , lightening ointments are prescribed for spot treatments for scars , acne pits or discolored marks , said Dr. Melissa Piliang , a dermatologist at the Cleveland Clinic . There is no surgery to lighten the skin . In the United States , a powerful medication called Benoquin , also known as monobenzene , can be used to treat extreme cases of vitiligo . "  It 's important to understand that this product actually removes pigment  not just lightens  , which is more like being an albino , " wrote Dr. Min-Wei Christine Lee , a cosmetic dermatologic surgeon and director of The East Bay Laser & Skin Care Center in Walnut Creek , California . "  Caucasian skin still has pigment even though it 's ` white ' -- skin treated with Benoquin has no pigment . " The process , though painless , is so tedious and lengthy that most people use Benoquin only on the visible areas of their body , such as their face , neck and arms , Nordlund said . Side effects include irritated , dry or itchy skin , and the results are permanent . The person applies the medication once a day , and it could take six months to two years to take away the coloring . Nordlund said he has heard of only one or two people who administered the ointment over their entire bodies ; those processes took five to eight years . It leaves the person extremely sensitive to the sun . It 's a decision that Lee Thomas may have to make one day . None of the treatments to bring back his natural pigment has worked . His face has become about 35 to 40 percent white , and he uses heavy makeup to even out the spots when he appears on television . "  I would have to consider it as an option , " Thomas said of whether he would consider depigmentation if the discolored spots spread . "  When it gets to that point , I 'll make that decision . Right now , I 'm not there yet . " "  I 'm a dark-skinned African-American and am proud of that . It would be really weird not to have any pigment at all . "	Those familiar with vitiligo say condition is commonly misunderstood Skin lightening practiced in other countries , not as widespread in U.S. Treatment to remove pigment is available only to people with extreme vitiligo
Nobody is being charged in a drunken brawl that involved a white limousine full of members of Sarah Palin 's family , police in Alaska said Thursday . But it sure sounds like things got out of hand , with the host of the September house party where it all happened saying the Palins got into a fight they "  ended up losing . " The Anchorage Police Department released a report that includes more than two pages of details about the brawl , which happened after the former GOP vice presidential nominee 's family and friends showed up at another friend 's party . It details accusations that Bristol Palin punched the host in the face repeatedly , that Track Palin tried to start a fight with his father and more . Here are some of the details -- wildly different , depending on who 's offering the information -- that Officer John Daily submitted in his official report : 1 . When he arrived , a shirtless , "  heavily intoxicated " and "  belligerent at first " Track Palin , Sarah Palin 's adult son , was about to step into a white limousine with his parents , Sarah and Todd . They 'd all been at the party at Korey Klingenmeyer 's house . 2 . Track told the officer some guys were "  talking rudely " to his sisters and making them cry . So he stuck up for them . When one of his friends , identified only as Steven , got punched by one of the allegedly rude guys , the fight started . Todd said that 's when "  everything escalated and it was a situation they could n't walk away from . " 3 . Bristol Palin ended up on the ground during the fight . The Palin family said that 's because Klingenmeyer knocked her down . 4 . Klingenmeyer offered a different version of the story . He told the officer he wanted to press charges against Bristol , who he said had told him "  he does n't own this place and that she will kick his a -- . " after he tried to stop her from fighting . Then , Klingenmeyer said , Bristol hit him . He said she could "  hit him again if it makes her feel better and she does . " After six or so "  pretty hard " punches , he said he grabbed her fist and Bristol fell down . "  At that time , " the officer reported , "  he said several guys from the party stepped in to help him and a fight broke out and the Palins ended up losing . " 5 . Bristol "  appeared heavily intoxicated and upset , " and explained that Klingenmeyer "  had drug her across the lawn by her legs and was calling her a -LSB- expletive deleted -RSB- and a slut . " She explained that another girl at the party had hit one of her sisters , Willow Palin , and said that 's how things got started . 6 . Track left the fight with a bloody mouth and injuries under his left eye and on his left elbow . Bristol had some dirt on her knees . Klingenmeyer "  stated his face felt swollen , " but there were n't any "  obvious injuries . " The Palin family would n't comment Thursday on the report and the decision not to charge any of the brawl 's participants . But Sarah Palin did defend her daughter Bristol in a Sept. 19 Facebook post . "  I love my Bristol ! " she wrote . "  My straight-shooter is one of the strongest young women you 'll ever meet . I have to say this as a proud mama : right up there with their work ethic and heart for those less fortunate , my kids ' defense of family makes my heart soar ! "  As you can imagine , they and my extended family have experienced so many things  liberal media-driven  that may have crushed others without a strong foundation of faith , and I 'm thankful for our friends ' prayer shield that surrounds them , allowing faith to remain their anchor . " Read the full report here	Alaska police are n't charging Palin family members who were involved in a brawl The fight broke out at a friend 's house party in September Both Track and Bristol Palin were involved and left with minor injuries
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Police have arrested a Pakistani teenager accused of writing insulting comments about Muslim prophet Mohammed in a school exam , a senior police official said . Police arrested 17-year-old Sami Ullah in Karachi after receiving a complaint from the local board of education , said Karachi police official Qudrat Shah Lodhi . Lodhi declined to say what Ullah wrote in his high school exam for fear of violating Pakistan 's blasphemy laws himself . The controversial laws say whoever defiles the name of the prophet shall be punished by death or imprisoned for life . The laws came into sharp focus late last year when liberal Pakistani politician Salman Taseer was gunned down after leading a public campaign to change them Taseer said the laws were being misused to persecute minorities . Ullah -- the latest Pakistani to be accused of blasphemy -- is a Muslim , according to police . He wrote the alleged blasphemous comments when taking a school exam in April 2010 , police said . It 's not clear why it took months for the board of education 's complaint against Ullah to reach police . Ullah has apologized for his comments and begged the court for leniency , police said . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Police official wo n't say what teen wrote for fear of violating blasphemy law The laws came into focus after a liberal politician was killed last year Ullah is the latest Pakistani to be accused of blasphemy He wrote the comments during a school exam last year
CNN  -- She tackled one of the toughest jobs any nurse could take on -- treating a highly contagious Ebola patient . And somehow along the way , she contracted the deadly virus herself . Now , Nina Pham tries to recover in the same Dallas hospital where she works . Here 's what we know about the 26-year-old Texan : ` I 'm doing well ' On Tuesday , Pham said she was "  doing well " in a statement released by her employer , Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas . "  I 'm doing well and want to thank everyone for their kind wishes and prayers , " she said , according to the hospital . "  I am blessed by the support of family and friends and am blessed to be cared for by the best team of doctors and nurses in the world . " Pham was in good condition , said Wendell Watson , spokesman for Texas Health Resources . She 's Vietnamese-American Pham grew up in a Vietnamese family in Fort Worth , Texas . She did n't go far away for college , attending Texas Christian University in the same city . Pham graduated with a nursing degree in 2010 . And just two months ago , she received certification in critical care nursing , which deals specifically with life-threatening problems . She 's very religious "  She is a very devoted Catholic , and always puts the other people 's interests ahead of her own , " said family friend Tom Ha , who has known Pham since she was in eighth grade . Ha taught Pham in Bible class at his church . "  She comes from a family that is  of  a very strong faith , " he said . So he was n't surprised "  that she  did  more than her duty called for in order to make sure the patient had a chance to survive . " When Pham called the church to let members know she had contracted Ebola , "  everybody at the church " began crying , he said . How did she contract Ebola ? She loves her job Ha , the family friend , said nursing is n't just a job for Pham -- it 's a calling . "  I think that she takes it  as  more than a career . I think it 's a vocation , because her family , from the time that we met , they always serve other people , " he said . When she was accepted into nursing school , she was really excited , a family friend told The Dallas Morning News . "  Her mom would tell her how it 's really hard and a bunch of her friends quit doing it because it was so stressful , " the friend told the paper . "  But she was like , ` This is what I want to do . ' " What 's a hospital supposed to do if an Ebola patient shows up ? She 's a good teacher Not only is Pham skilled in proper nursing techniques , she was a scrupulous teacher , too . Jennifer Joseph trained under Pham at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital . Though she now works at another hospital , she remembers the guidance she received from Pham . "  Knowing Nina , she 's one of the most meticulous , thorough , effective nurses , " Joseph told CNN affiliate KTVT . "  She taught me infection control and hand hygiene and protocol . I learned so much of that from her . " Joseph said she also has faith that those taking care of her now will help their colleague recover . "  I have full confidence they 'll be able to get her through this . " She has a sense of humor Among the boards she set up on her Pinterest account are two filled with funny e-cards : "  Laughter is the best medicine " and "  Nurse things . " "  I hate the questions that start with , ` So you 're a nurse , let me ask you ... ' " read one of the pins she posted . She adores her dog Many of Pham 's photos on social media feature her Cavalier King Charles spaniel , Bentley . After Spanish authorities euthanized an Ebola patient 's dog last week , many in Dallas feared Pham 's dog might face the same fate . Can pets get or spread Ebola ? But Dallas city spokeswoman Sana Syed said Bentley is safe and being cared for in quarantine . "  That dog was very important to her , " said Mayor Mike Rawlings . "  We want to make sure that dog is as healthy as can be at this point and being taken care of . " Officials emailed a video of Bentley to Pham on Monday night , he said , hoping that it might boost her spirits . Complete coverage on Ebola CNN 's Brooke Baldwin and Erin Burnett contributed to this report .	Nina Pham graduated from Texas Christian University in 2010 She received her critical care certification just two months ago Pham 's family is known for always helping other people , a longtime friend says She adores her Cavalier King Charles spaniel , Bentley
CNN  -- Now would be an appropriate time to cue up that GIF of Dawson bawling his eyes out . The last few years have been a nostalgic whirlwind with Angela Chase on "  Homeland , " Zack Morris on "  Franklin and Bash , " and Felicity Porter on the new FX drama "  The Americans . " Even Cory and Topanga are coming back to us . But for fans of "  Dawson 's Creek , " there 's now a glaring hole in the TV landscape . ABC has pulled James Van Der Beek 's "  Do n't Trust the B -- in Apartment 23 " from the schedule , leaving eight episodes of the acerbic comedy unaired .  Not to mention that Pacey 's , er , Joshua Jackson 's "  Fringe " just came to an end after five seasons on Fox . This just is n't how it 's supposed to work out for The Beek . Having made a name for himself as Dawson Leery on the WB drama , fans came to know -- and love -- Van Der Beek as the sensitive guy next door . Later , a slew of guest appearances in various series , "  Funny or Die " sketches and the hilarious Van Der Memes Tumblr introduced the world to a different side of the actor . If it 's even possible , our feelings for him grew stronger . So in April 2011 , when Van Der Beek began starring as a single , self-obsessed version of himself on "  Do n't Trust the B -- in Apartment 23 , " it felt like the universe finally got it right . Here 's why old and new fans , alike , ca n't bear to part with James Van Der Beek on TV : - On "  Apartment 23 , " Van Der Beek is in on the joke , poking fun at himself in the most charming way . He 's up for anything , be it learning a choreographed routine for his character 's turn on "  Dancing with the Stars " or riding a horse sans pants as People 's  pseudo  Sexiest Man Alive . - He even announced the sitcom 's cancellation with grace via Twitter , followed by , "  And please , no bashing ABC . While I 'm sure no one there would say they think they nailed it when it came to programming #Apt23 this year ... You 've got to give ABC props for ever picking us up in the first place . They took a shot at something original & edgy . I respect them for it . " Same old sensitive Dawson . - "  Apartment 23 " takes advantage of Van Der Beek 's roots , and reminds fans of how obsessed they were with "  Dawson 's Creek , " which is hilarious in and of itself . The show toyed with the idea of organizing a "  Creek " reunion in an October episode aptly titled "  A Reunion ... " Busy Philipps , Frankie Muniz and Mark Paul-Gosselaar all guest-starred as fictional versions of themselves . What other show can do that ? And it 's all because of The Beek . - He 'll next reprise his role as Simon , Robin 's loser ex-boyfriend , in an episode of CBS ' "  How I Met Your Mother . " He does n't consider himself to be above cameo appearances that require him to sport a bald cap and gut . - Like a fine wine , James Van Der Beek has only improved with age . Amen .	ABC has pulled James Van Der Beek 's "  Apartment 23 " from the schedule On "  Apartment 23 , " Van Der Beek is in on the joke , poking fun at himself The show takes advantage of his roots , reminding fans of how obsessed they were He 'll next reprise his role as Simon in an episode of "  How I Met Your Mother "
Herat , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Hundreds of protesters took to the streets Saturday across Afghanistan , the fifth day of demonstrations over the burning of Qurans at a U.S. base , officials said . Four civilians were killed and 50 injured amid protests near the United Nations office in Kunduz , said Saad Mokhtar , head of the city 's health department . Twelve police officers were among the wounded . Gulam Mohamad Farhad , the intelligence head of Kunduz , said the protesters tried to burn down the U.N. building . The U.N. 's Afghan mission said all its staff in Kunduz and throughout the country are "  unhurt . " It denounced the attack on its compound , regretted the casualties and thanked Afghan police for their timely response to the violent protests . The mission also said it understands Muslim anger over the Quran desecration . "  At the same time , we call upon those who would wish to express their legitimate religious sentiments to reject calls to violence , to exercise self-restraint and to avoid resorting to protests and demonstrations in order not to allow the enemies of peace to take advantage of the situation , " the mission said in a statement . The protests began after NATO troops recently burned Qurans at Bagram Airfield . The burnings sent throngs of protesters to the streets and military bases , some chanting , "  Death to America . " A military official said the materials burned were removed from a detainee center 's library because they had "  extremist inscriptions " on them and there was "  an appearance that these documents were being used to facilitate extremist communications . " American officials , including President Barack Obama , apologized and said burning them was an unintentional error , but protests raged on nonetheless . In a letter to his Afghan counterpart , President Hamid Karzai , Obama called the act "  inadvertent . " Four U.S. service members have died in Afghanistan since the outrage turned violent . A gunman Saturday shot dead two American officers inside the Afghan interior ministry in Kabul and escaped . A Taliban spokesman said the attack , for which the group claimed responsibility , was in response to the recent burnings . NATO and Afghan officials are investigating and have not confirmed involvement by the Islamist militant group . The commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan , Gen. John Allen , addressed the Quran burning issue during a visit to a military base where two U.S. soldiers were killed Thursday by a man wearing an Afghan National Army uniform . A protest over the burning of Qurans was taking place outside the base at the time of the killings . Allen called on troops to "  show the Afghan people that as bad as that act was at Bagram , it was unintentional , and Americans and ISAF soldiers do not stand for this . We stand for something greater than that . " The protests on Saturday took place in various provinces , including Laghman , Paktika , Baghlan and Nurestan , according to a spokesman for the interior ministry . In Laghman province , at least 15 people were injured when hundreds of protesters tried to attack the governor 's house and office , authorities said . Police and soldiers intervened , with some injured in the confrontation , said Abdul Rahman Sarjang , a local police chief . Two civilians and an officer were in critical condition , Sarjang said . But protests in most of the northern regions ended peacefully , police spokesman Lal Mohamed Ahmadzai said . At least eight people were killed and 27 wounded in protests Friday , mostly in Herat province , according to Sediq Sediqqi , spokesman for the interior ministry . No international coalition members have been wounded in the protests , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said . The burning at Bagram was not the first time that damaging Qurans -- or even the threat to do so -- has provoked angry Muslim reaction . Terry Jones , the pastor of a tiny evangelical church in Florida , announced plans to burn the Muslim holy book on the ninth anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States . He was persuaded not to do it at the time , but he made good on the threat six months later . Two weeks after that , protesters in northern Afghanistan attacked a U.N compound , leaving 12 people dead . In Kandahar , three people were killed in one demonstration , and nine in another when police and stone-throwing demonstrators clashed . "  The first belief among Muslims of all types is that the Quran is the word of God , " said Shainool Jiwa , of the Institute of Ismaili Studies in London . "  The words themselves , the typing , takes on a level of sanctity . There is a sacredness about it . " But , she said , violent reactions to its burning are as much a sign of the times as an expression of faith . "  There is a history behind this . It 's much more reflective of the times we are in , the protests and anger , " she said . "  This whole issue has become politicized . " CNN 's Josh Levs and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Four civilians are killed and 50 people are injured in Kunduz , a health official says Police : At least 15 are injured in Laghman protests The protests start after NATO troops burn Qurans at Bagram Airfield Taliban says Saturday 's killing of two U.S. military officers is linked to burning
CNN  -- An upstate New York student said he got a three-day suspension for creating a controversial Twitter hashtag encouraging discussion of the school district 's failed budget . Pat Brown , a senior at Cicero-North Syracuse High School , says he created # s ** tCNSshouldcut to brainstorm ways his school could save money in response to voters on Tuesday rejecting a $ 144.7 million budget plan . The budget did not receive the 60 % voter approval it needed . Many students were concerned , Brown said , because the school board had warned that if a new budget was not eventually passed , they might have to eliminate athletic programs , other extra-curricular activities and introduce additional administrative cuts , including the elimination of some teacher positions . The budget is up for a revote on June 18 . "  Everyone on Twitter was talking about ' I ca n't believe the budget did n't pass ' and so I created  the hashtag  as a joke , really , " Brown told CNN on Friday . At first , according to Brown , his ideas for cutting the school budget were meant to be funny and absurd . They included cutting the lights because if teachers were n't being paid , students would have no schoolwork they 'd have to see . He also suggested holding classes outside to save on air conditioning costs . Students at the school joined in on Twitter , using the hashtag with their own cost-cutting ideas . "  Anime club " said @JackThaJuiceMan . "  Cheerleading " said @jamierunge . "  There 's honestly not much left at this point , " wrote @MichaelBrisson . Brown , 18 , says the tweet that got him in trouble was a call for the termination of the school 's executive principal . "  I said we should cut her , because I do n't think she does a good job . But that 's just my opinion I was sharing on Twitter , " he said . According to Brown , on Thursday he was called into the office and told he would be suspended for three days for harassing the principal , using a mobile phone in class and disrupting the learning environment . North Syracuse Central School District Superintendent Dr. Kim Dyce Faucette told CNN she was aware of the situation , but could not comment on disciplinary matters related to specific pupils . "  We have a student code of conduct that is a policy we abide by , " said Faucette . "  Students and parents know the expectations of this policy , and whenever a situation arises where a student does not meet those expectations we deal with it accordingly . " Brown , an executive board member for his class on the student council and a community volunteer , says he has never been in trouble with the school before . While he admits to using his phone in class , Brown said his teacher never addressed it at the time , and he never threatened anyone . "  I 'm not a bad student , " Brown said . "  CNS says they want student involvement in what goes on in our school , and next thing I know I 'm in trouble . A 45-year-old man can speak his opinions about the school district , but I ca n't because I 'm a student ? " "  I just want  the school board  to remove the suspension from my record and choose their battles better , " said Brown , who played on the school lacrosse team . Brown 's original tweets have since been deleted . He said he will be allowed to graduate and take part in graduation ceremonies with his class . But he said he still feels like his reputation has been tarnished . "  I really do n't plan on filing any appeal or anything . I really just wanted my opinion out there . They seem to have all the power so I went and got more power with social media . " By Friday , a new hashtag had emerged : #FreePatBrown .	Student in New York creates hashtag over school budget Pat Brown says he is suspended for three days Brown : School cites phone in class , harassment of principal School district will not discuss specifics
Washington  CNN  -- O.J. Simpson , Casey Anthony , George Zimmerman : Sensational trials with national buzz covered gavel-to-gavel on television and on the Internet . All ended with verdicts that , to some , seemed to make a mockery of the law . But did they really ? Did George Zimmerman really get away with murder as one of the jurors -- juror B-29 -- in the case suggested in an ABC interview ? That same juror said she stands by the verdict , even though she clearly agonized over the outcome . ` Boycott Florida ' is n't so simple , experts say From a public opinion standpoint , the question is whether Zimmerman committed a crime for which he was acquitted . But from a legal standpoint , the question is whether the prosecution was able to prove each and every element of its case -- whether murder or manslaughter -- beyond a reasonable doubt . In the Zimmerman , Simpson and Anthony cases , the answer was no . For the prosecution working one of these high profile trials , the failure to prove the case is almost never a result of failure to try . More often than not , it 's a result of missing pieces of the puzzle , and the unpredictability of taking a case to trial in the first place . Think about it . Prosecutors and defense attorneys go to war over a defendant . They chose jurors from a pool presented to them . The jurors promise to decide the case on the merits . But each and every juror brings his or her own life experience to the table . And when they start to deliberate the case , they are on their own . While we only get see to the biggest cases on TV , this drama over reasonable doubt plays out all across the country every day . And just like juror B-29 in the Zimmerman case , some of the people who decide the facts walk away with a deep sense of regret that marks them for life . That happened to me , too . I am one of those former jurors who is still haunted by a verdict . Probably my most painful experience with the justice system was when , in the mid - '90s , I was called on to help decide a case . I was chosen as foreman of a jury in a criminal trial in D.C. Superior Court . It was a horrible set of facts . Child molesting . And the outcome is still bitter to me . The child in question -- a little girl -- had been sexually assaulted . And a grown man with a long list of personal problems had been charged in the case . Part of the evidence showed the girl had contracted a venereal disease as a result of the encounter the defendant was charged with . Police : Robbers tell man , ` This is for Trayvon Martin ' The defense was simple and straightforward . The defendant had gotten a checkup right around the time authorities said the girl was assaulted . And the defendant 's medical report indicated that he had tested negative for the venereal disease . The defendant admitted he had been near the child . But he adamantly denied sexually assaulting her . There were no other witnesses . The trial lasted for a couple days , and I believe we deliberated almost as long . On the first vote , shortly after hearing the judges instructions and retiring to the jury room for deliberations , I was shocked to discover that only two people , myself and a woman juror , had come to the conclusion that the defendant was guilty . I was suspicious of his demeanor . I was skeptical about the medical report . I struggled , I fought . I demanded that my colleagues on the jury use their common sense . I suggested maybe he took penicillin or something . But all that was conjecture , the other jurors said . There was no evidence of treatment for the disease . We insulted each other . We yelled . But we kept coming back to that single piece of paper , the medical report that was impossible to deny . Reasonable doubt . After a truly bitter experience , and fighting for justice for that little girl and her family , I voted not guilty and so did the other "  holdout " . And the most bitter moment of all , as the jury foreman , was the reading of the verdict . I felt I had let that little girl down . I still do . I left the courthouse and sat on a stoop in front with my head in my hands . I will never forget that feeling . Reasonable doubt is a bitter pill to swallow sometimes . But it is the law .	In recent high profile cases -- Zimmerman , Anthony , O.J. -- verdict did n't always match popular sentiment Juries were asked to rule on guilt vs. reasonable doubt Although decisions may be consistent with the law , not guilty verdicts leave some wondering
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Lockerbie bomber Abdel Basset al-Megrahi is comatose , near death and likely to take secrets of the attack on Pan Am Flight 103 to his grave . CNN found al-Megrahi under the care of his family in his palatial Tripoli villa Sunday , surviving on oxygen and an intravenous drip . The cancer-stricken former Libyan intelligence officer may be the last man alive who knows precisely who in the Libya government authorized the bombing , which killed 270 people . "  We just give him oxygen . Nobody gives us any advice , " his son , Khaled al-Megrahi , told CNN . CNN 's Nic Robertson : ` Not what I was prepared for ' Al-Megrahi was freed from a prison in Scotland in 2009 after serving eight years of a life sentence for blowing up the Pan Am jet , killing all 259 on board and 11 in the town of Lockerbie below . Doctors who had been treating him for prostate cancer gave him just three months to live , and he was released on compassionate grounds . He received a hero 's welcome in Tripoli , enraging many in the United States and Britain . And with the recent overthrow of longtime Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi , politicians on both sides of the Atlantic have called for al-Megrahi to be sent back to prison . Al-Megrahi has been subject of bitter dispute But the National Transitional Council , the rebel movement that toppled Gadhafi , announced Sunday that it wo n't allow the dying al-Megrahi to be extradited . "  We will not give any Libyan citizen to the West , " NTC Justice Minister Mohammed al-Alagi said . Al-Megrahi lived far longer than expected . He made a public appearance with now-fugitive Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi in July , confined to a wheelchair . He always maintained his innocence . With the fall of Tripoli to the rebels , his care has been left up to his son and his mother . December 21 , 1988 : On the scene in Lockerbie "  There is no doctor . There is nobody to ask . We do n't have any phone line to call anybody , " Khaled al-Megrahi said .	CNN tracks Abdel Basset al-Megrahi to his Tripoli villa The cancer-stricken Lockerbie bomber is near death , his family says Al-Megrahi was released in 2009 after doctors found he was dying
CNN  -- Julia Enright often plays at night while watching TV . Billy Byler plays in the airport while waiting for his flight . University student Breanna Reboca , a skilled multitasker , plays on her phone while walking to class . Their addiction ? "  Candy Crush Saga , " an easy-to-play , hard-to-master puzzle game that 's seemingly ensnared everyone from your kids to your co-workers to your Aunt Sally . Launched last year , the game is now the most popular app on Facebook , where it has almost 32 million fans . "  Candy Crush , " as it 's usually called , also is among the most-downloaded mobile games for Android and Apple devices and has more than 15 million daily users , according to AppData , an analytics firm . The game has been such a hit for its creator , London-based game publisher King , that the company has plans to go public , according to a report Tuesday in the Wall Street Journal . Like predecessor "  Bejeweled , " to which it 's often compared , "  Candy Crush " requires players to form chains of brightly colored tiles -- shaped like jelly beans , lemon drops and other candy pieces -- to earn points and advance . The game also borrows from mobile-game blockbuster "  Angry Birds " in that players must successfully complete one level before going on to the next . "  It looks like the most childish , simple , throwaway game you could ever think of . And then you start playing it , " said Byler , a pastor to young adults in Wichita , Kansas . "  It 's challenging , and a real test on your brain , because you really have to think about what your next move is going to be . " The phone version of the game has 365 increasingly difficult levels , and it 's not unusual for daily players to be stuck on a level for several weeks at a time -- a source of much frustration for many Facebook commenters . The basic version of the game is free , although players only get five "  lives , " or chances , a day without paying for more . Some obsessed players have even hacked the game to get access to unlimited play . Enright , of Waukesha , Wisconsin , got hooked after she began playing the game three months ago with her boyfriend . Now she 's on level 213 . "  I got a lot further than he did , and now he 's given up , " she said , with a trace of pride . "  I 've always liked puzzle games -- ` Tetris ' and games like that . " Players also can share their "  Candy Crush " progress with friends via Facebook -- something that Byler was reluctant to do at first because he was weary of friends posting "  FarmVille " updates . "  I did n't want to be that guy , " said Byler , who limits his "  Candy Crush " public postings to other players within the game itself . Byler is on level 254 and has been surprised by how hard it can be for him to put the game down . "  If I 'm not careful , it can suck up a half hour or an hour real quick , " he said . "  I have to put the phone down and read a book or something . " The game 's cruelly seductive nature has even inspired a spoof trailer for a fake film , "  Candy Crush : The Movie , " about people grappling with their addictions to "  Candy Crush , " "  Temple Run " and other mobile games . "  In the beginning , it 's fine . You can go in and out of these  game  worlds as you please , " says one character . "  The thing is , the longer you stay in this world  of "  Candy Crush "  , the more likely you are to be imprisoned . " The clip has been viewed on YouTube more than 3.6 million times . Casual mobile games appeal to people like Enright because unlike traditional console games , they can be played in bite-sized chunks while waiting for a bus . A game like "  Candy Crush " also feeds on people 's competitive nature . Who wants to quit halfway through when there are more levels waiting to be conquered ? "  I really enjoy it . It helps pass the time , " Enright said . "  I 'm going to just keep going until they run out of levels . "	"  Candy Crush Saga " is among most-downloaded mobile games for Android , Apple devices Game is most popular app on Facebook , where it has almost 32 million fans Report : Its creator , London-based game publisher King , has plans to go public Gamer : "  If I 'm not careful , it can suck up a half hour or an hour real quick "
CNN  -- A U.S. drone strike that killed the Pakistan Taliban 's leader last week wo n't derail government efforts at peace talks with the group , Pakistan 's prime minister said Monday . "  A drone strike under these circumstances has harmed the dialogue and peace efforts of the government , " Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's office said in a statement . "  But we believe that we will not ... allow the dialogue and peace efforts to get derailed . " At a Cabinet meeting Monday , ministers decried drone attacks as "  unacceptable " and called them a violation of Pakistan 's sovereignty . "  Diplomatic efforts will be continued to stop these attacks , " the statement said . "  Given Pakistani peoples ' resolve and sacrifices in this war against terrorism , it is incumbent upon the international community to support this endeavor of the government for the accomplishment of peace . The government of Pakistan will not allow any internal or external force to sabotage the dialogue process . " The meeting came three days after a U.S. drone strike killed Pakistan Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud . Mehsud , who had a $ 5 million U.S. bounty on his head for his alleged involvement in the 2009 attack on a U.S. base in Afghanistan , was killed in northwestern Pakistan Friday , senior U.S. and Pakistani officials told CNN . On Monday , Pakistani jihadists distributed a photograph purporting to show Mehsud before his burial and describing him as a martyr , the SITE Intelligence Group said . New leader elected An official with the Pakistan Taliban said Sunday that the group had voted to elect Asmatullah Shaheen , who is on Pakistan 's most-wanted list , as its interim head . The group , also known as Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan , will not be making an announcement on a new permanent leader for several days , according to Azam Tariq , a member of the Pakistan Taliban 's Shura Council . Meanwhile , the U.S. ambassador to Islamabad was summoned to Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry on Saturday . Foreign Ministry spokesman Aizaz Ahmed Chaudhry did not explain why the envoy was summoned . A U.S. State Department official confirmed the meeting but would not disclose details about it . Afghan President criticizes U.S. drone strike that killed Pakistani Taliban leader Pakistan Taliban claimed Times Square plot The Pakistan Taliban , who have long been conducting an insurgency against the Pakistani government , claimed responsibility for the December 2009 suicide bombing at the United States ' Forward Operating Base Chapman in Khost , Afghanistan . Five CIA officers were among the seven U.S. citizens killed , along with a member of Jordanian intelligence . The group also claimed responsibility for a failed May 2010 attempt to detonate a car bomb in New York 's Times Square . The following September , the U.S. State Department designated the Pakistan Taliban as a foreign terrorist organization . Pakistan has stepped up security , and officials have said they 're bracing for reprisals after Friday 's drone strike . Pakistan summons U.S. envoy after death of Pakistan Taliban leader Prospects for peace Mehsud 's death could make progress in proposed peace talks between the Pakistani government and Pakistan Taliban more difficult . A relatively young and charismatic leader , he held together a disparate group with different tribal and other allegiances . His killing may upset some elements within the Pakistan Taliban if they believe that the Pakistani government was involved . The Pakistan Taliban could also pose an increased security threat if they splinter into smaller groups , which could be harder for security forces to detect . CNN 's Shaista Aziz , David Simpson and Susanna Capelouto contributed to this report .	Pakistan 's prime minister says a drone strike harmed "  dialogue and peace efforts " But Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif says the government wo n't allow talks to be derailed Former leader Hakimullah Mehsud was killed in a U.S. drone strike on Friday Pakistan 's Cabinet ministers decry drone attacks as "  unacceptable "
Washington  CNN  -- Tensions between the United States and Russia over the crisis in Crimea have exploded into an open row as Russia rejects U.S. diplomatic efforts to solve the impasse . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Monday that U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry postponed a face-to-face meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin to discuss American proposals , which Moscow has effectively rejected , on solving the crisis . The meeting , which Russia said was supposed to happen Monday , would have marked the highest-level contact between the two countries since Russian troops took up positions in Crimea , and would have come ahead of Sunday 's potentially explosive vote on whether Crimea should split from Ukraine and join Russia . But Kerry told Lavrov he needed to know Moscow would engage seriously on a diplomatic solution before meeting with the Russian leader . He also wanted to see and end to Russia 's "  provocative steps " before traveling to Russia . Relations between Russia and the West have grown increasingly tense since Russian soldiers seized effective control of the pro-Russian region . The United States and other European powers have threatened possible sanctions in response to Russia 's moves , but Moscow has shown little sign of backing down . A senior U.S. official said a proposal , which Kerry presented to Lavrov in Paris on Wednesday , summarized several rounds of talks Kerry and his counterparts from Britain , France and Germany held separately with Lavrov and Ukraine 's foreign minister . Because Lavrov was not authorized to negotiate in Paris , Kerry gave him the list of ideas to take back to Putin . According to the senior U.S. official , the Kerry proposal calls for Russian troops to return to their barracks and for the disarming of so-called "  self-defense " militias in Crimea who , although they do n't wear insignia , are believed to be Russian . International monitors would be dispatched to Crimea and other parts of Ukraine as part of the proposed plan . Washington also insisted Moscow drop plans in the Duma to annex Crimea and end its support for next Sunday 's referendum by Crimeans to join Russia . The U.S. also wants Russia to support a deal between the new Ukrainian government and the International Monetary Fund on a program to shore up the country 's fragile economy . The plan hinges on talks between Russia and Ukraine on ending the crisis . Kerry and the British , French and German foreign ministers spent the better part of Wednesday trying unsuccessfully to get Lavrov to meet with Ukraine 's foreign minister , who flew on Kerry 's plane from Paris to Kiev . Russian lawmakers to debate bill on Crimea joining nation Because Russia does not recognize the new Ukrainian government , Lavrov was reluctant to sit down with the foreign minister for direct talks . U.S. and its European allies have proposed the two sides could talk as part of a "  contact group " which also includes the U.S. , Britain , France and Germany The Kerry plan also integrated some elements of the February 21 deal to end the standoff between protestors in Kiev and former President Viktor Yanukovich . Even though Moscow never joined Germany , Poland , and the United Kingdom in signing the pact , it had some concessions to Russia , including a national unity government , a return to the constitution and early elections . On Friday , U.S. President Barack Obama and President Putin spoke by phone and agreed that Kerry and Lavrov will continue talking to try and find a diplomatic solution to the crisis . Later that day , Lavrov called Kerry and invited him to Sochi for a meeting with Putin on Monday . Kerry said he would think about it , but that disturbing developments on the ground in Ukraine and Crimea were closing the space for diplomacy . When they spoke again on Saturday , Kerry told Lavrov he was n't ready to meet with Putin . The two of them needed to make more progress on their own talks , Kerry said . Furthermore , Kerry said Russian military moves on the ground and discussions about the referendum in Crimea and the Duma 's plans to annex the region would make negotiations difficult . Kerry sent a refined proposal to Lavrov after that Saturday phone call , described as a list of questions to get a better understanding of the Russian position . Lavrov traveled to Sochi on Sunday to discuss the one-and-a-half page document with Putin . The official said that the U.S. government has yet to receive an official answer from Moscow about the ideas . But Russia seems uninterested in the U.S. concept of sitting down with the Ukrainian government . In a televised meeting with Putin Monday , Lavrov said even Kerry 's revised proposal still fell short and "  raises many questions on our side " because the starting point is acceptance of the "  coup d'   tat " that overthrew Yanukovich . "  The document contains an approach which does n't quite suit us , as the entire wording suggests there is a conflict between Russia and Ukraine , " Lavrov said , adding that Russia would be submitting counterproposals to the American plan . "  We prepared , together with members of the Russian Security Council , our counterproposals . They aim to resolve the situation on the basis of international law and take into account the interests of all Ukrainians without exception , " he said . The Obama administration seems reluctant for Kerry to travel to Russia for a meeting with Putin that could deliver very little . Kerry is prepared to take part in talks "  if and when we see concrete evidence that Russia is prepared to engage " with Washington 's proposals , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said , adding that Russia must engage in talks with the Ukrainians . "  The point is we 're not just going to walk into something , where they 're just going to say ` no , no , no ' to everything and we 've traveled all the way there . We 're not going to do that , " another senior U.S. official added . The White House said President Obama would meet Ukraine 's new prime minister in Washington on Wednesday , warning Moscow would face even more outside pressure if it took any further steps toward annexing Crimea . Opinion : Russia is playing a weak hand very strongly	Kerry postpones a meeting with Putin , says Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov Meeting would have marked highest-level contact between the two nations over Crimea Kerry presented a proposal to Lavrov in Paris on Wednesday Official : U.S. has yet to receive an official answer from Moscow about Kerry proposals
CNN  -- A U.S. team led by envoy Robert King left North Korea on Saturday after winning the release of an American citizen who had been detained there , state media reported . The KCNA report did not say whether the team left with Eddie Yong Su Jun. . Jun , a Korean-American businessman , was detained for "  committing a crime " against North Korea after entering the country , KCNA had reported . Jun admitted his crime during an investigation , the North Korean news agency said , but it did not specify what crime he had allegedly committed . His release follows a visit by King , the special envoy for North Korean human rights , and Jon Brause , from the U.S. Agency for International Development . The group went there to assess food shortages that have left thousands starving after floods and harsh weather devastated North Korea 's crops . King and Brause "  expressed regret at the incident on behalf of the U.S. government and assured that it would make all its efforts to prevent the recurrence of similar incident , " KCNA said . The news agency also said former President Jimmy Carter asked North Korea to pardon Jun. . "  Taking all this into account , the ... government decided to set him free from the humanitarian " standpoint , KCNA said . "  We welcome North Korea 's decision to release Eddie Jun , " said State Department spokesman Mark Toner . He added that King was able to visit Jun on Thursday , and that it was the Swedish Embassy , which represents U.S. interests in North Korea , that confirmed the impending release to the American government Friday . In King 's discussions with his North Korean interlocutors , Toner said , King conveyed deep concern over the welfare of an American citizen in their custody , but said the purpose of King 's visit was not related to the release of Jun. . "  It 's important to note and to clearly state that any decisions about food aid are not related in any way to any policy decisions if you will . It 's a separate process all together , " Toner said Friday . The assessment team traveling with King will continue its work on the ground and "  when they come back , we will look at their assessments , study it and compare to other assessments by other NGOs , " and groups that have made similar trips , to make a decision on the amount of aid to extend , Toner said . Though he could not reveal a total readout of Jun 's current physical condition due to privacy concerns , Toner said it was his understanding that Jun was in "  decent " health . The Swedish government had ongoing access to Jun during his detention , Toner said . It was not known exactly when Jun would leave North Korea , but Toner said he would not be traveling with King . While the United States praised the North for its action , the two countries are still a long way from normalizing relations . "  There are a number of things we would like to see North Korea do in improving relations with South Korea first and foremost before we see other steps on other issues , " Toner said . Tensions between North Korea and the West have spiked in recent years due in part to concerns over Pyongyang 's nuclear development program . The United States and South Korea held joint military drills in February , despite North Korea 's warning to the South not to carry them out -- calling the exercises a provocation . South Korea accuses the North of torpedoing and sinking one of its warships in March 2010 , killing 46 sailors . In November , North Korea shelled Yeonpyeong Island , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians . That same month , it detained Jun. . Two State Department officials , speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to release details , told CNN in April that Jun was a Korean-American businessman who had a visa to enter North Korea . The U.S. suspended aid two years ago to North Korea because it suspected the donated food was being diverted to the military or not reaching those most in need . North Korea has detained several Americans in recent years , increasing tension levels in what is already a rocky relationship between Pyongyang and Washington . In 2010 , Carter helped secure the release of Aijalon Mahli Gomes , a U.S. citizen who was fined about $ 600,000 and sentenced to eight years of hard labor for crossing over the Chinese border into North Korea . Gomes , who attempted suicide while in North Korean custody , was thought to be a Christian activist . Two American journalists , Laura Ling and Euna Lee , were arrested after entering North Korea in 2009 . They were sentenced to 12 years hard labor before being released in August 2009 after an intervention by former President Bill Clinton .	Eddie Yong Su Jun is in "  decent " health , says State Department spokesman Jun is released at the request of the U.S. , says state-run news agency The release follows a visit by U.S. officials to assess food shortages North Korea says U.S. officials apologized on behalf of Jun
CNN  -- Google is preparing to conquer a new dimension : the stratosphere . The Internet giant is releasing 30 high-tech balloons in a trial of technology designed to bring the Internet to places where people are not yet connected . The balloons are being sent up into the sky from New Zealand 's South Island this month in the first trial of a pioneering system dubbed Project Loon . According to Google , "  Project Loon is a network of balloons traveling on the edge of space , designed to connect people in rural and remote areas , help fill coverage gaps , and bring people back online after disasters . " Google estimates that two-thirds of the global population is without fast , affordable Internet access . So while it sounds like something from the realms of science fiction , if successful , the project could make a difference to many people around the world . Read more : Using potatoes for inflight wi-fi test The testers are from Christchurch and parts of Canterbury , New Zealand , and the test balloons will fly around the 40th parallel south , Google says . New Zealand Prime Minister John Key was in Christchurch on Saturday to help unveil the project , according to local media reports . Residents have also been invited to a special event at the local air force museum Sunday to find out more . Images of a test balloon launch on Google + show one floating , eerie and translucent , above snow-capped mountains . Once released , the balloons will float in the stratosphere above 60,000 feet  18,300 meters  , twice as high as airplanes and the weather , Google says . Their altitude will be controlled from "  Loon Mission Control " using special software to allow them to pick up layers of wind traveling in the right direction and form a balloon network . If all goes to plan , about 60 people who 've had a special antenna fixed on their homes for the trial should be able to connect to the balloon network . The signal will bounce from balloon to balloon , then to the Internet back on Earth . Hundreds of people will be able to connect to one balloon at a time . Read more : Google unveils touchscreen laptop The superpressure balloon envelopes , made from sheets of polyethylene plastic , stand nearly 40 feet tall when fully inflated . They are designed to maintain a constant volume and be longer-lasting than weather balloons . The balloons are equipped with antennas with specialized radio frequency technology , Google says , and each one can provide connectivity to a ground area about 25 miles  40 kilometers  in diameter at speeds comparable to 3G service . They also carry instruments to monitor weather conditions and allow them to be tracked by GPS , powered by solar panels that will store excess energy for nighttime operation . Each has a parachute in case they need to be brought down . It will be very difficult to see the balloons with the naked eye , except during launch , Google says . In any case , it may be a while before would-be Internet users elsewhere start connecting via balloon . According to the Project Loon website , the technology is still being tested to see if it 's viable and what problems would have to be overcome to make it more widely available .	The balloons are designed to bring the Internet to remote places , Google says 30 balloons are being released in New Zealand for a trial of the technology The superpressure balloons carry radio transmitters and GPS , use solar power Homes fitted with a special antenna should be able to connect to the balloon network
CNN  -- Bayern Munich cut Borussia Dortmund 's lead at the top of the Bundesliga to two points with a 2-1 home win over Hanover Saturday . Midfielder Toni Kroos put the in-form home side ahead with a neatly taken goal in the first half . Striker Mario Gomez made it 2-0 on 68 minutes as he beat Hanover keeper Ron-Robert Zieler with a low shot . It was the 23rd goal in 26 league games for the top scorer in the Bundesliga this season . Ivory Coast striker Didier Ya Konan gave Hanover late hope with a spectacular overhead kick six minutes later , but Bayern held on for the three points . Hanover , who face Atletico Madrid in the fist leg of their Europa League quarterfinal Thursday , won praise from Bayern coach Jupp Heynckes . "  You can see why Hanover 96 are in the last eight of the Europa League and the top third of the league table , " he told AFP . "  They were well organized and not easy to play against . Overall , we deserved the win and I am very satisfied . " Third-placed Borussia Moechengladbach , beaten by Bayern in the German Cup semifinals in midweek , lost further ground in the title race as they lost 2-1 at home to Hoffenheim . It left them six points behind Bayern and eight behind Dortmund . Marco Reus put them ahead in the first half , but Roberto Firmino leveled for the visitors on 77 minutes . But he earned a second yellow card for removing his shot before Boris Vukcevic earned the 10-men an unlikely win soon afterwards . In other matches , Kaiserslautern lost 2-0 at Freiburg to remain rock bottom while Hertha Berlin stayed second bottom despite their 3-1 win at Mainz . In Italy 's Serie A , AC Milan extended their lead to seven points with a 2-1 win over AS Roma in the San Siro Saturday . Second-placed Juventus face a tough match against Inter in Turin Sunday as they look to close the gap . Pablo Osvaldo put Roma ahead in the first half , but Milan were always in command and two goals from Zlatan Ibrahimovic gave them victory . Swedish star Ibrahimovic has 22 goals in Serie A this season and the win is a welcome boost for Milan ahead of their Champions League clash with Barcelona Wednesday .	Bayern Munich beat Hanover 2-1 in German Bundesliga Top scorer Mario Gomez scores second for 23rd of league season Victory cuts Borussia Dortmund 's lead to two points at top AC Milan stretch lead in Italy to seven points with win over Roma
CNN  -- The flu has forced an early end to Billy Bob Thornton 's musical tour of Canada , his publicist said Saturday . Thornton 's publicist says Boxmasters band member , crew , have flu ; will rejoin tour on Tuesday . The news was reportedly greeted with loud applause at a Friday night show in Montreal after Thornton called Canadian concert-goers "  mashed potatoes with no gravy " in a radio interview Wednesday . The Boxmasters ' final Canadian dates -- in Montreal and London , Ontario -- were canceled because "  one of the band members and several of the crew have the flu , " said Thornton publicist Arnold Robinson . Thornton 's electric hillbilly band will rejoin Willie Nelson 's tour when it returns to the United States for a show in Stamford , Connecticut , on Tuesday , after they have "  a few days off to recuperate , " Robinson said . The trio was the opening act for Nelson until they were loudly booed in Toronto , a day after the actor-musician 's bizarre interview with a CBC radio host . Ironically , the comments that offended Canadians included Thornton 's assessment that they were "  very reserved " and "  it does n't matter what you say to them . " "  It 's mashed potatoes with no gravy , " Thornton told CBC host Jian Ghomeshi . "  We tend to play places where people throw things at each other and here they just sort of sit there , " he said . Watch Thornton 's interview " The audience at Thursday night 's show in Toronto loudly booed the Boxmasters , with some shouts of "  Here comes the gravy ! " The Toronto Star newspaper reported . Thornton 's remarks about Canadians came near the end of his controversial interview with on the CBC 's "  Q " program , which began with the host 's brief mention that , in addition to being the Boxmaster 's lead singer and drummer , Thornton was an "  Oscar-winning screenwriter-actor-director . " Thornton , apparently upset with any reference to his movie career , was unresponsive to Ghomeshi 's questions until the men finally declared a truce to talk about music . Watch more about the controversy " He "  simply elected not to engage with the interviewer because of the direction of the interview from the outset , " Robinson told CNN . Video of the interview , which has been viewed by millions online , may leave the audience wondering whether this was a controlled performance by Thornton or a public breakdown that revealed true anger over a perceived insult of his music . Thornton promotes a mythology that his "  cosmic cowboy " music came together years ago after a fight over coleslaw at a Los Angeles chicken restaurant . His long and successful career as an actor , director and screenwriter does not fit with his struggling musician story he tells in interviews about the Boxmasters .	Band will rejoin tour Willie Nelson tour in Connecticut on Tuesday , publicist says News reportedly greeted with cheers at Friday night show in Montreal Thornton has been catching heat from Canadians for comment in radio interview Thornton said Canadian concert-goers were "  mashed potatoes with no gravy "
CNN  -- An employee of German Bundesliga club Hoffenheim has admitted to using a device which emits a high-pitched sound to stop Borussia Dortmund fans singing offensive songs during their match at the Rhein-Neckar Arena on Saturday . The purpose of the noise , according to the employee , was to stop Dortmund 's traveling supporters from chanting insults at Hoffenheim 's owner Dietmar Hopp . The club , which gained promotion to Germany 's top division in 2008 , distanced themselves from the employee 's actions and denied any knowledge that the device was being used . "  An employee of Hoffenheim admitted to using a corresponding -LSB- sound -RSB- device , on Saturday during the match against Borussia Dortmund , " read a statement on Hoffenheim 's official web site . "  According to this employee , he had longed for a ` remedy ' to the insults directed at -LSB- club owner -RSB- Dietmar Hopp -- which , he felt , had become intolerable . " The statement went on to outline that the employee had meant the action to be "  light-hearted " and the club apologized to fans of the German champions Dortmund who had been affected . "  The employee has also admitted that he was not aware of the impact his actions would have and intended them to be of a light-hearted nature . "  Hoffenheim has reacted with corresponding disciplinary action against the employee . " An investigation launched by Hoffenheim also discovered the device was set up on four occasions last season , in matches against Mainz , Cologne , Frankfurt and once again Dortmund , but not used . The match finished 1-0 to Hoffenheim , with Sejad Salihovic 's goal proving the difference between the two teams . Hopp is one of the founders of German software corporation SAP AG and is the Hoffenheim 's chief financial backer . The 71-year-old has overseen Hoffenheim 's promotion from the eighth tier of German football to the Bundesliga and also funded the construction of the club 's 30,000-seater Rhein-Neckar Arena -- which opened in January 2009 .	A Hoffenheim employee has admitted to using a high-pitched sound on Dortmund fans Employee wanted to stop Dortmund fans chanting about Hoffenheim owner Dietmar Hopp Hoffenheim have said they had no knowledge of the employee 's actions
OPRAH.com  -- Lots of folks have Sunday morning rituals -- church , pancakes , watching football . I turn to the wedding pages . Every Sunday , I open up The New York Times to check out the wedding announcements . They call that "  the sports section for women , " which is annoying , because it presupposes that , because I 'm a chick ,  a  I do n't like sports and  b  I love weddings . To which I say ,  a  I know what a hat trick is and  b  wedding invitations are just bills written in calligraphy . No : I check out the wedding announcements because I want to see how many women change their names . I am freshly gobsmacked every single Sunday morning when I see that about half the women -- mostly under 35 , all women with careers , all women who chose to submit their announcement to the putatively liberal New York Times -- are electing to give up their identity . Oprah.com : What happily ever after really looks like What would Lucy Stone say ? She was a 19th-century suffragist who was the first American woman to revert to her birth name after marriage . She even had to chastise one Susan B. Anthony by writing to Suze , "  A wife should no more take her husband 's name than he should hers . " Stone 's followers -- women who refused to change their names upon marriage -- were called Stoners . Today only about 20 percent of American women are Stoners . In other words , 80 percent of women change their identities -- I mean , names -- upon getting married . It makes me wish we were a more progressive country like ... Iran . Yes , Iran , where Muslim women keep their names for life . So must women , by law , keep their names in Belgium , France , Italy , the Netherlands , Chile , Malaysia , Korea ... I could go on , but I really like the way they do it in Spain . Oprah.com : What it 's like to be 30 around the world There , people have two surnames -- their father 's and their mother 's . When they have a child , she receives the first surname from the father and the second surname is the first surname of the mother , and the parents choose whether the father 's or the mother 's surname goes first , although this order must be the same for all their children . If that was a bit confusing , it 's just because they use the metric system . Names are our identity . They matter . Think about it : What does the Witness Protection Program do when they want you to disappear ? They make you keep your first name and change your last name . When someone illegally assumes someone else 's name , we say an identity 's been stolen ; when someone legally assumes someone else 's name , we say ... you 're married . Let 's cut through the most platitudinous argument : "  A family shares a name . " Um , nuh-uh . Did your grandmother have the same last name as you ? Was she still your Nana ? Conversely , does having the same last name mean you 'll always stay a family ? Ask the Gibsons or the McCartneys or the McGreeveys or ... What 's in a name ? You tell me ...  Would you want to lay down seven grand to buy a wedding dress from Vera Becker ?  Vera Wang ?  How about listen to a song from Mariah Cannon , Jennifer Anthony or Barbra Brolin ?  Mariah Carey , Jennifer Lopez , Barbra Streisand  Read a cover story on Angie Pitt ?  Angelina Jolie  Netflix an old film with Elizabeth Hilton Wilding Todd Fisher Burton Warner Fortensky ?  Elizabeth Taylor , natch  Or get your nightly news from Katie Monahan ?  Katie Couric  Gloria Bale needs her surname like a fish needs a Steinem .  Gloria Steinem  And does the name Sonia Noonan suggest an "  extraordinary journey " ?  Sonia Sotomayor By the way , my wedding announcement was in The New York Times . When I submitted it , I wrote , "  The groom is keeping his name . " The Times did not publish that sentence . I guess they thought it was a typo . Oprah.com : Does marriage equal more chores ? Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Women 's names are important to their identities , writer argues In Iran , Muslim women by law keep their own name after marriage So do women in Belgium , France , Italy , the Netherlands , Chile , Malaysia Buy a CD from Mariah Cannon or Mariah Carey ; Barbra Brolin or Barbra Streisand
Kearney , Missouri  CNN  -- A controversial gun measure wo n't become law in Missouri after a push to override the governor 's veto fell one vote short of approval in the state 's Senate on Wednesday . The measure , HB 436 , would have essentially nullified federal gun laws in the state . Senators voted 22-12 in favor of overriding Gov. Jay Nixon 's veto , but the vote fell just short of the two thirds majority required to pass . Earlier Wednesday , the state 's House of Representatives voted 109-49 in favor of overriding the veto . If it had passed , the law would have technically not only let residents own a machine gun but also arrested federal agents if they tried to take it away . The bill also would have made it illegal for anyone to publish any information about a gun owner . The legislation passed earlier this year in Missouri 's Republican-led House and Senate but vetoed by Nixon , a Democrat . Nixon argued that the legislation violated a provision in the U.S. Constitution called the Supremacy Clause . The Supremacy Clause gives preference to federal laws over state laws . Lawmakers had argued that what they were proposing was not only constitutional but essential to protect the rights of gun owners . "  There are people saying this is the same as seceding from the Union , " said gun owner Kevin Jamison . "  Missouri did not secede from the Union in 1862 , and it does not do so by passing this law . " Colorado recall a proxy in national gun control debate What the bill said "  This bill does n't put one new gun on the street , " said State Rep. Doug Funderburk , a Republican . "  It strictly says that Missouri is going to protect the Second Amendment rights of Missourians . " By superseding federal regulations , House Bill 436 would have made it a criminal offense to enforce background checks or to publish the name and address of a gun owner in the state . It would also have technically allowed citizens to own a machine gun , which is banned under federal regulations , according to the governor 's office . And it would have nullified federal gun laws and allowed citizens to take legal action against officers who try to enforce them . Gun permits for the blind ? Iowa grants them , stirs debate Opponents worry Ohio , Minnesota and Texas have pursued similar bills in recent months in reaction to attempts at federal gun control legislation after the December shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut . Opponents worry such laws could all but end any joint operations between local and federal law enforcement agencies when it comes to taking guns off the streets . St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson has been one of its most vocal opponents . "  We are  basically saying to criminals , ` OK criminals , it 's OK to come to Missouri . We wo n't prosecute you to the fullest extent of the law , ' " he said . CNN 's George Howell reported from Kearney , Missouri ; Leslie Bentz from Washington .	NEW : Missouri Senate 's vote falls one short of the two thirds majority needed Missouri 's House voted to override the governor 's veto St. Louis police chief is against the bill Author of the bill says it protects Second Amendment
These are troubled times for President Barack Obama . He 's a lame duck president . The latest CNN/ORC poll has his approval rating at 41 % -- the lowest of his presidency . And the Affordable Care Act , his signature legislation , has been hobbled by the botched and much maligned rollout of the signup website . So , the historic deal that Iran reached with six world powers over Tehran 's nuclear program could n't come at a better time . 20 questions about the Iran nuclear deal "  Today , diplomacy opened up a new path toward a world that is more secure , " Obama said in a televised address from the East Room of the White House , after the deal was announced . "  A future in which we can verify that Iran 's nuclear program is peaceful and that it can not build a nuclear weapon . " But will the agreement be enough to help distract the public from the Obamacare rollout debacle and potentially improve his image ? Perhaps . Perhaps not . Read the deal  . PDF In a CNN/ORC poll released Thursday , 56 % of Americans said they 'd favor the kind of interim deal with Iran that was eventually reached . Another 39 % said they 'd oppose it . The agreement -- described as an "  initial , six-month " deal -- includes "  substantial limitations that will help prevent Iran from creating a nuclear weapon , " according to the president . "  Simply put , they cut off Iran 's most likely paths to a bomb , " he said . But there are drawbacks as well . Kerry : Israel is safe under new deal The deal complicates Obama 's relationship with Israel , a key ally in the region . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu strongly oppose any deal , and the Israeli government had strong words Sunday . "  The current deal ... is more likely to bring Iran closer to having a bomb , " Intelligence Minister Yuval Steinitz , a close Netanyahu associate said . "  Israel can not participate in the international celebration , which is based on Iranian deception and the world self-delusion . " A senior administration official told reporters , "  You can be sure that President Obama will speak to Prime Minister Netanyahu " on Sunday . The President also faces skepticism from Congress , where there were talks of increased sanctions as recently as this week . Netanyahu : Iran nuclear deal ` historic mistake ' The deal says that the U.S. will provide $ 6 to $ 7 billion in sanction relief in exchange . And Obama can do so by executive order -- bypassing Congress altogether . Reactions poured in late Saturday night , with Republicans slamming the administration for appeasing the Iranian regime . "  This deal appears to provide the world 's leading state sponsor of terrorism with billions of dollars in exchange for cosmetic concessions that neither fully freeze nor significantly roll back its nuclear infrastructure , " said Sen. Mark Kirk , R-Illinois . Fareed Zakaria : What critics are getting wrong about the Iran deal U.S.-Iranian relations have been thawing for months now , since the election of Hassan Rouhani as Iran 's seventh president in June . A senior administration official confirmed Saturday that since the election , U.S. and Iranian officials have been holding private , previously secret discussions to generate ideas for the wider nuclear negotiations . The dtente climaxed in a telephone conversation between Obama and Rouhani this fall during the United Nations General Assembly -- the highest contact between leaders of the two countries since the Islamic revolution that led to the Iranian hostage crisis in 1979 . "  While today 's announcement is just a first step , it achieves a great deal , " Obama said . "  For the first time in nearly a decade , we have halted the progress of the Iranian nuclear program and key parts of the program will be rolled back , " Ultimately , however , the outcome -- and part of Obama 's legacy -- hinges on what happens next : Negotiations will continue over the next six months to reach a comprehensive solution to the Iran 's nuclear program . "  The success of interim deals will be measured in months and years , not in minutes , " said Karim Sadjadpour , a leading researcher on Iran for the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . All eyes , of course , will be on the president through then . One agreement , wildly different reactions	Will the agreement be enough to help distract the public from the Obamacare rollout debacle ? 56 % of Americans said they 'd favor the kind ultimately reached There are drawbacks as well It complicates Obama 's relationship with Israel
An audio recording purportedly from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria promises more fighting in more Iraqi cities , including Baghdad . "  Continue your march as the battle is not yet raging , " a voice said to be that of ISIS spokesman Abu Mohammed al-Adnani says on the message posted early Thursday  last Wednesday night ET  on the group 's media website . "  It will rage in Baghdad and Karbala . So be ready for it . " CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the audio or time and date of its recording , which is nearly 17 minutes long . "  Do n't give up a hand 's width of ground you 've liberated , " the voice says in apparent encouragement of ISIS fighters . The message , if authentic , is further proof that the militant group are not content with control of the places they have already taken over -- and are setting their sights higher . Open to U.S. strikes On Wednesday , Iraq 's government indicated a willingness for the United States military to conduct airstrikes against the radical Islamist militants . Several U.S. officials said Washington views the situation as "  extremely urgent " and is looking to see what more support the United States can provide to the Iraqi government , in addition to weapons and vehicles it has already provided . Part of this will be giving Iraqi officals intelligence they can use to go going after ISIS . Assistance could also involve training and "  kinetic " activity , U.S. officials told CNN , but they would n't specify whether those options included airstrikes . Baghdad 's openness to airstrikes was first reported by the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday night . One of the officials said there clearly was a breakdown in Iraqi security , but Washington believes it was a combination of factors , including the fact that Iraqi forces were already stretched thin by limited success against ISIS in Anbar province . Government forces in the northern cities of Mosul and Tikrit ran when attacked this week , the officials said . One silver lining , the officials said , is that Iraqi officials now seem to have a coordinated approach with the semiautonomous Kurdish regional government . It appears Iraqi forces will team up with Kurdish fighters , known as the Peshmerga , to fight militants with ISIS , an offshoot of al Qaeda . Peshmerga forces took up positions in southwest Kirkuk after militants took over several villages and districts north and west of the city and the Iraqi army withdrew , police officials there told CNN . The U.S. State Department on Wednesday updated its travel warning to Iraq , saying terrorist activity and violence is at "  levels unseen since 2007 . " It has warned against all but essential travel to the country . Rapid takeovers A day after taking over Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city , ISIS militants gained nearly complete control of the northern city of Tikrit , witnesses in the city and police officials in neighboring Samarra told CNN . Heavy fighting erupted inside Tikrit -- the hometown of former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein -- as the military tried to regain control , the sources and a police official in Baghdad said . According to the witnesses in Tikrit and the Samarra police officials , two police stations in Tikrit were on fire and a military base was taken over by militants . The governor of Salaheddin province , of which Tikrit is the capital , was missing , according to the sources . Suspected ISIS militants raided the Turkish Consulate in Mosul on Wednesday , capturing 48 people , including diplomats , and they also seized parts of Baiji , the site of Iraq 's largest oil refinery , police officials in Tikrit told CNN . The devastating ISIS advance is proving an object lesson of much that is wrong in Iraq and the region -- with a festering civil war over the border in Syria adding fuel to the growing sectarian tensions at home . ISIS is exploiting this to expand its influence , from cities like Falluja and parts of Ramadi that it wrested from the government in Anbar early this year , and from Syrian towns like Raqqa it controls over the border . That it is capable of fighting the forces of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad on one hand , its fellow radicals on another and the Iraqi government on top of that is an indication of the depth to which ISIS has established itself in the region . Militants were responsible for the deaths of many U.S. troops in western Iraq . With American help , Iraqi tribal militias put ISIS on the defensive . But when U.S. troops left the country , the extremist militants found new leadership , grew stronger while in Syria , and returned to Iraq , making military gains often off the backs of foreign fighters drawn to Syria 's conflict . Half million civilians displaced The clashes across Iraq come on the heels of a sudden and danger-fraught exodus from the fighting in Mosul , which fell to militants Tuesday . More than 500,000 people have fled the fighting there , the International Organization for Migration said Wednesday . The group said there were many civilian casualties . The city 's four main hospitals are inaccessible because of fighting , and some mosques have been converted for use as clinics , the IOM said . Those fleeing the fighting -- some on foot , some bringing only what they can carry in plastic bags -- were heading to the city 's east or seeking sanctuary elsewhere in Nineveh province or in Iraq 's Kurdish region . The U.N. Refugee Agency said many people were traveling with no belongings and little or no money . That including one family of 12 people , including a 70-year-old grandmother , who had walked for two days from a farm near Mosul to a checkpoint . They had no idea what they were going to do next , and they had spent all their cash , the United Nations said . Mosul , a predominantly Sunni city with 1.6 million residents , collapsed swiftly . American-trained Iraqi forces ran in the face of the onslaught , leaving behind uniforms , weapons and armored vehicles . A U.S. Department of Defense official said Washington has provided $ 15 billion in training , weapons and equipment to the Iraqi government . The heavily armed radicals overran police stations , freed more than 1,000 prisoners from the city jail and took over the city 's international airport . Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki ordered that all military leaders who fled be court-martialed . The Defense Ministry said the air force killed a group of ISIS militants along a highway leading south toward Samarra . The ministry also said it would push back the militants . "  This is not the end , we are very confident that we will be able to correct the path and to overcome mistakes , " the ministry said on its website . The Interior Ministry said that military commanders have started deploying fighters from local Shiite militias on the western outskirts of al-Nasiriya to protect that city . Turkish consulate targeted Turkish special forces members , consulate workers and three children were among those detained and taken to the ISIS headquarters following a raid on the Turkish Consulate in Mosul on Wednesday morning , Turkish officials told CNN . "  The condition of the Turkish citizens is fine , developments are being monitored , " the officials said . Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said consulate staff had been urged to leave this week , but the decision to evacuate was left up to individuals . "  We were told that it would be more risky for our 48 people to go outside than to stay inside , " Davutoglu said , speaking on Turkish television . "  If any harm is done to any of our citizens , it will not go unanswered . No one should test Turkey . " Oil town under attack Meanwhile , suspected ISIS militants seized parts of Baiji , a small Iraqi town in Salaheddin province about 200 kilometers  125 miles  north of the capital , Baghdad , police officials in Tikrit told CNN . The Baiji oil refinery is still under the control of Iraqi security forces , officials said . The fact that ISIS forces are trying to take the town suggests a wider strategic aim besides oil . Baiji sits on the main highway north from Baghdad to Mosul that passes through rural areas in which ISIS has much influence . For the government to reinforce its troops in Mosul , it needs to drive them through Baiji . If ISIS controls the town , the government 's task will be much harder . Explosions struck three Shiite areas in Baghdad , killing 25 people and injuring 56 , police officials told CNN . The deadliest attack was in Sadr City , where a car bomb exploded near a funeral tent , killing 15 people , police said . Discontent feeds violence In his weekly address to the nation Wednesday , al-Maliki described the assault on Mosul as a "  conspiracy " to destabilize the country and called on Iraqis to "  stand as one united front . " Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr said in a statement Wednesday that he is ready to form a "  peace brigade " to work in coordination with the Iraqi government "  to defend the holy places " of Muslims and Christians . But this brigade probably would be viewed by many as a resurgence of al-Sadr 's Mahdi Army , the powerful Shia militia that disbanded at the end of 2008 . Its formation could risk worsening the country 's underlying problem -- festering sectarian division . The country 's minority Sunni population , which prospered under Hussein , feels shut out by al-Maliki 's Shia majority-dominated government . A U.S. counterterrorism official told CNN that ISIS had been active in Nineveh province "  for a long time and clearly sensed that Mosul was vulnerable now after engaging in sporadic attacks earlier this year . "  Strategically , the group looks at Syria and Iraq as one interchangeable battlefield , and its ability to shift resources and personnel across the border has measurably strengthened its position in both theaters . " However , the official said ISIS still "  has shown little ability to govern effectively , is generally unpopular and has no sway outside the Sunni community in either Iraq or Syria . " A spokeswoman for the Iranian Foreign Ministry said the fall of Mosul and the situation in Tikrit validates neighboring Tehran 's concerns . "  The Islamic Republic of Iran had earlier warned that the danger of terrorism wo n't be limited to one region and will spread beyond countries . And unfortunately today we are witnessing this issue , " Marziyeh Afkham told the semiofficial Fars news agency . The siege of Mosul : What 's happening ? Why is it significant ? How ISIS and Iraq upheaval threatens the wider world	U.S. updates travel warning , saying violence in Iraq is at 2007 levels U.S. looking at options , which include sharing intelligence Heavy fighting in Tikrit as militants take over much of that city Half a million people have fled Mosul fighting , group says
CNN  -- "  No one 's ever asked to see my birth certificate . They know that this is the place that I was born and raised . " With that comment to a crowd in Michigan , Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney officially embraced the "  birther " movement and touched off a firestorm of protest across the airwaves and internet . Of course , those protesting did n't include his live audience or the extremists on the right . Nor , given Romney 's embrace of Donald Trump , should we be surprised by this joke-that 's - not-a-joke . Ari Melber of The Nation put it succinctly : "  Jokes can be more revealing than talking points . " But what , exactly , did Romney reveal with this pre-meditated "  offhand " remark ? That he 's courting the radical right ? He already chose Paul Ryan as his vice-presidential nominee . That he 's pandering to the right-wing noise machine and the corporate special interest propaganda machine ? We already know that because he appears on media friendly to the right but limits the number and kind of questions reporters can ask him , and then responds with dodging answers . Opinion : Election a stark choice on America 's future That he 's following the Bush-Cheney-Rove "  keep it vague , keep them afraid " playbook ? Commentators and analysts have been pointing this out since Romney entered the campaign . Romney -- hiding behind the plausible deniability that it was just a joke , with a wink and a nod to the extremists in his base -- tried to divert attention from the ABC 's haunting his campaign : Akin , Bain , "  Corporations are people . " His comment has the added benefit of satisfying his most fervent supporters and those anonymous supporters bankrolling one of the most misleading advertising campaigns , a blitzkrieg that strikes just the right partisan undertones . The real story is that there 's nothing unusual about the remark . It 's no more in the gutter than a lot of things that have been said about President Barack Obama since coming into office . It 's just one more insinuation designed to distract us from the most disconcerting weaknesses of Romney 's candidacy -- that he fails to offer details about his policy proposals and stubbornly refuses to disclose more than two years of tax returns . But it is sad and revealing , nevertheless . It is sad that a campaign stretch that began with his asking Obama to stop apologizing for America  something fact checkers noted the president never did  and roundly debunked welfare attack ad ended with a xenophobic and roundly debunked birther reference . And it reveals not just moral turpitude , but moral vacuity . His birth certificate dog-whistles are not just desperate , they are deliberate . Romney is campaigning as if he feels he is entitled to the White House -- that , like a feudal lord or European aristocrat , he does not have to answer questions , he does not have to be forthright , he does not have to be honest . It also reveals , as so much before it has done , that he believes the American people are too ignorant , too indifferent , too lazy , too afraid to bother and that we can be fooled . He also knows that the American press will , after huffing and puffing , give him a free pass on this one , too . How we respond to Romney 's remark will reveal a lot about us , as well . Will we get what he 's doing ? Will we reject the noxious condescension and the patronizing ? Will we demand an open and honest accounting of his business dealings ? If he wants to be in charge of our business , we should see how he 's run his . Isaac could hinder GOP chance to define Romney at convention The media , too , will reveal a lot about itself by its response . Outrage , shock , tongue-clicking - these are superficial and useless . Allowing Romney to backpedal -- "  it 's only a joke " -- misses the point . The media needs to press for policy specifics and contrast claims with facts . As I said , we should n't be surprised by Romney 's remark . Trying to pretend that somehow Obama is not an American-born leader , or questioning his patrioism , or his values by using the Big Lie often speaks in code . But let 's decode some of the implications : -- Show us your birth certificate , but I wo n't show you my tax returns . -- You need to prove your identity to vote , but my super PAC allies do n't need to identify their donors . -- I 'll lie about Obama 's plans , but wo n't explain my own . -- I 'll blame Obama for the problems he did n't cause , and take credit for his solutions that work . Romney 's birther remark was less a surprise than a confirmation that his moral compass is off center . Mr. Romney , America 's not an aristocracy . It 's not where you were born -- in a cabin or a mansion -- or how you were raised -- in poverty by a single parent or with money and privilege -- that matters . It matters where you go and what you do . It 's who you help , what you 're willing to sacrifice , and how honest you are . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Mitt Romney 's birth certificate "  joke " was n't innocuous She says it 's part of a campaign that uses coded messages to devalue the president Brazile : Romney wrongly accused Obama of weakening welfare reform She says Romney is seeking to distract attention from questions he wo n't answer
ZURICH , Switzerland  CNN  -- Woody Allen , Pedro Almodovar and Martin Scorsese have "  demanded the immediate release " of fellow filmmaker Roman Polanski , who was arrested in Switzerland on a U.S. arrest warrant related to a 1977 child sex charge . A supporter displays a "  free Polanski " tag on his shirt during the Zurich Film Festival . They were among 138 people in the film industry who signed a petition against the arrest . Polanski was on the way to the Zurich Film Festival when Swiss police detained him in response to the American warrant . The filmmaker pleaded guilty in 1977 to having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor but fled before he could be sentenced . He settled in France , where he holds citizenship . Investigators in the United States say Polanski , then 43 , drugged and raped a 13-year-old girl . The filmmakers objected to his being arrested en route to the film festival , which held a tribute to him this year . "  It seems inadmissible to them that an international cultural event , paying homage to one of the greatest contemporary filmmakers , is used by the police to apprehend him , " said the petition , backed by France 's Societe des Auteurs et Compositeurs Dramatiques  Society of Dramatic Authors and Composers  . "  The arrest of Roman Polanski in a neutral country , where he assumed he could travel without hindrance ... opens the way for actions of which no one can know the effects , " said the signatories , who also included actresses Monica Bellucci and Tilda Swinton and directors David Lynch , Jonathan Demme , John Landis , Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu and Wim Wenders . In the United States , powerhouse movie producer Harvey Weinstein is trying to recruit more supporters for Polanksi . "  We are calling every filmmaker we can to help fix this terrible situation , " his company told CNN in a statement . Polanski has filed an appeal against his extradition to the United States , Swiss authorities said . They added that they would act on the case within weeks . Polanski won an Academy Award for Best Director in 2003 for "  The Pianist . " He was nominated for a Best Director Oscar for "  Tess " and "  Chinatown , " and Best Writing for "  Rosemary 's Baby , " which he also directed . See examples of Polanski 's work " On Monday , French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner said that he hoped authorities would respect Polanski 's rights "  and that the affair -LSB- will -RSB- come to a favorable resolution , " the ministry said in a statement . The French culture and communications minister , Frederic Mitterrand , said he "  learned with astonishment " of Polanski 's arrest and expressed solidarity with Polanski 's family . Polanski , 76 , was arrested Saturday on his arrival at Zurich 's airport . A provisional arrest warrant had been issued last week out of Los Angeles , California , after authorities learned that he was going to be in Switzerland , Sandi Gibbons , spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office , said Sunday . In a written statement , Polanski 's California counsel said Monday that "  an issue related to the Swiss extradition matter is presently being litigated before the California Court of Appeal . We had hoped that this would be determinative of this case . " "  We were unaware of any extradition being sought , and separate counsel will be retained for those proceedings . " The lawyers -- Douglas Dalton , Chad Hummel and Bart Dalton -- said prior deputy district attorneys had told them that no efforts were being made to extradite Polanski , who "  owned a home in Switzerland for many years and worked throughout Europe during that time . " There have been repeated attempts to settle the case over the years , but the sticking point has always been Polanski 's refusal to return to the United States to attend hearings . Prosecutors have consistently argued that it would be a miscarriage of justice to allow a man who "  drugged and raped a 13-year-old child " to go free . The Swiss Justice Ministry said Polanski was "  in provisional detention . " But whether he can be extradited to the United States "  can be established only after the extradition process judicially has been finalized , " ministry spokesman Guido Balmer said in an e-mail . "  It is possible to appeal at the federal penal court of justice against an arrest warrant in view to extradition as well as against an extradition decision , " Balmer wrote . "  Their decisions can be taken further to the federal court of justice . " Gibbons said the extradition process will be determined in Switzerland but said authorities are ready to move forward with Polanski 's sentencing , depending on what happens in Zurich . Polanski was accused of plying the teenage girl with champagne and a sliver of a Quaalude tablet and performing various sex acts , including intercourse , with her during a photo shoot at actor Jack Nicholson 's house . Nicholson was not at home . Polanski 's lawyers tried this year to have the charges thrown out , but a judge in Los Angeles rejected the request . However , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Peter Espinoza left the door open to reconsider his ruling if Polanski shows up in court . Espinoza also appeared to acknowledge problems with the way the director 's case was originally handled . According to court documents , Polanski , his lawyer and the prosecutor thought they 'd worked out a deal that would spare Polanski from prison and let the young victim avoid a public trial . But the original judge in the case , who is now dead , first sent the director to maximum-security prison for 42 days while he underwent psychological testing . Then , on the eve of his sentencing , the judge told attorneys he was inclined to send Polanski back to prison for another 48 days . Polanski fled the United States for France , where he was born . In the February hearing , Espinoza mentioned a documentary film , "  Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired , " that depicts backroom deals between prosecutors and a media-obsessed judge who was worried his image would suffer if he did n't send Polanski to prison . The documentary was first broadcast in June 2008 . "  It 's hard to contest some of the behavior in the documentary was misconduct , " Espinoza said . But he declined to dismiss the case . Polanski 's victim long ago came forward and made her identity public , mainly saying she was disturbed by how the criminal case had been handled . Samantha Geimer , now 45 and a married mother of three , sued Polanski and received an undisclosed settlement . She is among those calling for the case to be tossed out . In court papers filed in January , she said , "  I am no longer a 13-year-old child . I have dealt with the difficulties of being a victim , have surmounted and surpassed them with one exception . "  Every time this case is brought to the attention of the court , great focus is made of me , my family , my mother and others . That attention is not pleasant to experience and is not worth maintaining over some irrelevant legal nicety , the continuation of the case . " CNN 's Jennifer Wolfe , Morgan Neill , Frederik Pleitgen , Brooke Bowman , Karan Olson and Ann O'Neill contributed to this report .	NEW : Harvey Weinstein recruiting supporters of Roman Polanski Woody Allen , Martin Scorsese among group protesting peer 's arrest Acclaimed director was arrested on his way to Zurich Film Festival Petition : Arrest "  opens the way for actions of which no one can know the effects "
CNN  -- Risking their lives to help disadvantaged Afghans became almost a norm for Tom and Libby Little . "  We raised our three daughters through what was , at times , just hell , " Libby Little said . "  A hundred rockets a day was a good day . " Family members lived underground to avoid bombings , she said . Yet they stayed out of a love for the people and a passion for providing eye care for the needy . But violence prevailed on Thursday . Tom Little , a New York optometrist , was among 10 people killed by gunmen in Badakhshan , a remote northeastern region of the country . The mostly foreign members of a medical team were robbed and shot one-by-one on a remote road . Their bodies were transferred to Kabul early Sunday , authorities said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack . "  He died right where he loved to be -- and that was doing eye care in remote areas , " Little said from her home in New York . "  Our daughters are missing him terribly . But I think their feeling is , too , that this is a real passion that he had . " More than 400 people gathered Sunday at Loudonville Community Church in Loudonville , New York , to honor Little . The church supported his trip financially and emotionally . "  Four weeks ago , Tom Little stood right here , " an emotional Stan Key , senior pastor , told the congregation . The church had printed Wednesday in its weekly worship guide , "  Praise the Lord that Tom 's ministry in conducting outpatient clinics ... in a remote village was successful . God protected Tom and his team . " Key said he decided to leave it in the guide even after hearing the news of Little 's death . Dr. Tom Hale , a medical relief worker himself , told the crowd Little 's death was not in vain . "  This was not a waste , " he said emphatically . "  This is an enormous loss . Many of us are angry . " The British Foreign Office on Sunday confirmed that Dr. Karen Woo was another medical worker killed in the attack . It was the remote areas of Afghanistan , Libby Little said , where the need for her husband 's services was often greatest . "  Huge populations were in these remote valleys , " she said . The Littles would sometimes hike 40 miles one-way -- over mountains -- to access villages to host eye camps . Little said her husband had recently become involved in a program to eradicate preventable blindness by the year 2020 . "  There 's a lot of preventable blindness in Afghanistan -- blinding eye diseases that can be solved with just very small work , " she said . Tom Little was heavily involved with training in optometry overseas , "  enabling Afghans to start picking up the work of eye care , because it was n't there , " his widow said . His passion for helping Afghans ran deep , she said . "  He would come back to the States and get throw-away optical equipment , then refurbished it , then would send it over to set up a little optical manufacturing factory , so they could make their own eyeglasses there . " When the couple married , they did n't foresee devoting much of their lives in Afghanistan . "  We did feel we wanted to serve God with our lives when we were married . We wanted to serve him . We did n't know what that meant . " So the couple decided to make use of tools and specialties they had -- specifically , Tom 's optical tools and Libby 's teaching skills -- and took part in a program helping disadvantaged Afghans . "  We went , and we thought it was going to be two years , and it was 33 , " Little said . "  We loved the people . ... The Afghan people were wonderful , absolutely wonderful to us . And they would be the first ones to protect us . So this is not the usual state of things , where they would murder all these people . " Little said warfare in Afghanistan did n't deter her or her husband . "  If you 're in medicine , I think you feel you ca n't leave , " she said . "  If you 're propping up a hospital that 's the only hospital , then you ca n't leave when it gets bad . " Despite the circumstances , Little kept her composure while reminiscing about her husband . "  We had 40 wonderful years together -- of serving together , all those years , doing what we thought we should do . And that 's enough for a life . " CNN 's Holly Yan and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Her husband was working to end preventable blindness in Afghanistan Optometrist Tom Little and nine others were killed by gunmen in a remote area The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack
CNN  -- Marco Simoncelli hopes he has put his Le Mans nightmare behind him after earning the first pole position of his top-level motorcycling career in Spain on Saturday . The Italian rider was reprimanded by MotoGP chiefs following an incident in France two weeks ago that caused Dani Pedrosa to crash and miss his home race after breaking his collarbone . Simoncelli reportedly received death threats following that collision , which resulted in the 24-year-old finishing fifth after being hit with a ride-through penalty , having been denied his first podium placing . "  This is the best way to forget what happened in Le Mans and what everyone has been saying in the last two weeks , and before this race , " he said after qualifying first for Sunday 's Catalunya Grand Prix near Barcelona . Pedrosa crash overshadows Stoner 's French MotoGP success Simoncelli headed off Le Mans winner Casey Stoner and Yamaha 's world champion and series leader Jorge Lorenzo as he set a late lap of one minute 42.413 seconds . Stoner had led for the entire session but was denied his fourth pole position from five attempts this season as he bids to cut Lorenzo 's 12-point advantage . "  I 'm very satisfied and happy . I did n't expect it because Stoner was faster than me in the other sessions and today we had some problems in the first part of qualifying , but after we chose the right tire for me I could push like I wanted and got this time , " Simoncelli said . American Ben Spies will lead the second row on the grid from Honda 's Andrea Dovizioso and fellow Yamaha rider Cal Crutchlow , while seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi was seventh ahead of Ducati teammate Nicky Hayden of the U.S.	Marco Simoncelli claims pole position for the first time in a MotoGP event Italian rider heads off Casey Stoner to earn first place on grid for Sunday 's race He had been warned after causing an accident in Le Mans a fortnight ago That incident saw Dani Pedrosa break his collarbone and miss his home race in Spain
The recent death of the "  snake-handling " pastor of a small Pentecostal church in Kentucky has raised an age-old conflict between church and state . Jamie Coots , the pastor of the Full Gospel Tabernacle in Jesus Name in Middlesboro , Kentucky , died after being bitten on his right hand by a rattlesnake during a weekend church service where he was handling rattlesnakes willingly , it seems . It has been reported that the late pastor 's son Cody Coots has continued the snake-handling tradition even after his father 's death . People handle snakes at church for the same reason that people do lots of things : the Bible tells them so . "  And these signs shall follow them that believe ; In my name shall they cast out devils ; they shall speak with new tongues ; They shall take up serpents ; and if they drink any deadly thing , it shall not hurt them ; they shall lay hands on the sick , and they shall recover . " Mark 16:17 -18 This biblical passage is the genesis of serpent-handling for churches of the Holiness movement and the Pentecostal Church of God . For the faithful , those two verses are the authority for dancing with or passing around poisonous snakes during church services . Moreover , if bitten , they are likely to refuse medical treatment and rely upon God to heal them . There 's just one problem with this Biblical authority . Another authority , known as the Commonwealth of Kentucky . In Kentucky , the practice is illegal . Well , barely . Under the applicable section KRS   437.060 , any person who displays , handles or uses a snake in connection with any religious gathering shall be fined $ 50 to 100 . Hardly a capital offense . The Kentucky legislature has sent a message : poisonous snake-handling is marginally illegal -- but not as illegal as drugs or other crimes . The legislature 's assigned penalty appears to fall somewhere between a speeding ticket and an overdue library book . This illegal practice persists so openly that a reality TV show flouts the law by filming a crime in progress . When a network has a series based primarily on filming people breaking the law in your state , it 's fair to say your law has lost some of its bite . Belief Blog : A lethal Appalachian tradition Ultimately , the issue is whether a state even has authority to regulate a practice that is primarily faith-based . The First Amendment to the United States Constitution declares "  Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof . " The 14th Amendment , in turn , prohibits state legislatures from doing the same . However , equally as formidable is the state 's constitutionally reserved "  police power . " The name itself is a misnomer ; the power is much more than your local police officer 's ability to make an arrest . The states ' traditional police power is their exclusive authority to regulate the public health , safety and morals of their residents . Kentucky 's authority to outlaw snake-handling derives from this police power . The issue here is whether a state has the power to regulate religious activity ; so the two constitutional authorities meet head-to-head . In Jones v. City of Opelika , the Supreme Court addressed the conflict between freedom of religion and the police power of a state . The court articulated an important but still misunderstood concept about religious freedom : the First Amendment embraces two distinct concepts -- the freedom to believe and the freedom to act . The first is absolute , but the second can not be absolute . This makes sense . Your thoughts alone , without speech or any action , are never criminal , even if of the most prurient , vile nature  at least for now -- once Apple figures out an app to download your thoughts , they may someday be criminalized  . Your conduct , on the other hand , can be regulated for the protection of society . While citizens of the United States have an unlimited right to our religious beliefs , our right to act within those beliefs is tempered by a state 's duty to protect its citizens . In Lawson v. Commonwealth , Kentucky 's Supreme Court considered a direct challenge to its snake-handling statute , using the guidance of the Supreme Court in the Jones case . The court held that the state could properly regulate the time , place and manner of religious exercise -- such as passing snakes around at church -- where the regulation is necessary for the safeguarding of the health , good order and comfort of the community . Legally , Kentucky 's interest in protecting its residents outweighs a Kentuckian 's interest in celebrating his religion by handling rattlesnakes . According to the courts , the state can prohibit this practice . But Kentucky still barely criminalizes the practice . Handling poisonous snakes is potentially more dangerous than other regularly prosecuted activities , such as drug use . Ask yourself : Would you rather your child be at a party where someone is passing around a water bong or a water moccasin ? Whatever the reason for not aggressively prosecuting the already-illegal practice , the fact is that it presents a known danger . Kentucky is one of the states that has seen fit to criminalize the practice , and it has the power to do so . Unfortunately , if Kentucky does n't exercise its police power and impose stricter penalties , then the snakes will continue to impose their own punishment , which is often the death penalty .	Death of a Kentucky pastor who handled rattlesnakes renews church vs. state issue Danny Cevallos : Supreme Court delineated key difference between religious thought , action Thought is always protected by Constitution , but states can regulate action in interest of safety Cevallos : Kentucky law provides for only minimal punishment for snake-handling
CNN  -- Hollywood actor Johnny Depp is arguably best-known for his role as maverick captain Jack Sparrow in the wildly popular "  Pirates of the Caribbean " franchise . Now , he has taken things a step further with his own pirate-inspired ship in the Caribbean . It may not be as creepy as the "  Pirates of the Caribbean 's " "  Black Pearl , " but Depp 's ship "  Vajoliroja " has more than a hint of the swashbuckler about it . Depp has completely refitted the ship to his taste , with velvet wall hangings and furniture in rich burgundies and gold . Wannabe pirates can test their sea legs on Depp 's yacht , which is available for charter , although it 's not cheap . One week aboard the ship , which hosts up to 11 guests and eight crew , costs a cool $ 130,000 . But help is on hand to distract visiting landlubbers from the dent in their booty : "  Vajoliroja " boasts all the latest gadgets , including two speed boats , kayaks , wind surfs , water skis , wakeboards and more .	"  Vajoliroja " is Johnny Depp 's pirate-themed yacht in the Caribbean In 2008 , Depp completely refitted the ship with velvet drapes and furniture in rich burgundies and gold Wannabe swashbucklers can charter the boat for $ 130,000 a week
CNN  -- It might be better to travel than arrive , but in the case of British footballers succeeding abroad the journey has all too often been painful -- and all too frequently they have returned home after barely arriving . Quite what Gareth Bale 's $ 134 million journey to Real Madrid brings is open to conjecture , but with his painfully protracted transfer now concluded , the hard part really begins . The spotlight on a British footballer on a global stage has never been greater , with the 24-year-old having eclipsed Cristiano Ronaldo as the world 's most expensive player of all time . But there are no guarantees that Bale will live up to the price tag nor shine in La Liga . After all , many of the great and good of British football have faltered away from home . "  Why are there over the last 40 years only about five English players who have done well abroad ? " said Dutch great Johan Cruyff , who both played for and coached Real 's rivals Barcelona . "  There 's something going on there , something strange . " Herbert Kilpin was the first British footballer to ply his trade overseas professionally in 1891 and he was a founding member of Italian club AC Milan eight years later . There have been others to have made their mark since : John Charles at Juventus , Gary Lineker at Barcelona and , most recently , David Beckham at Real Madrid , AC Milan and Paris Saint-Germain . But for the successes , there have been under-performances and failures , ranging from Ian Rush , who was famously but falsely quoted as saying his spell in Juventus was "  like playing in a foreign country , " to fellow striker Mark Hughes , who managed just four goals in 28 games at Barcelona . The language barrier is often given as the main reason for the initial struggle for Brits who have failed to settle . It is no surprise that among those to shine were the players who swotted up on the lingo early on . David Platt began Italian lessons while still at Aston Villa -- a move to Bari then just a possibility -- while Steve McManaman mastered Spanish quickly to become at ease almost instantly with Real Madrid teammates and fans alike . Looking back on his foreign sojourn , Lineker recalled : "  I looked at British players who went abroad and were successful . They were the ones who learned the language and adapted to the culture . The ones that did n't tended to be home pretty quickly . " One of the current crop of Britons on the continent is Kris Thackray , currently with German side Alemannia Aachen , who has also had spells with Italian sides in five seasons away from home so far . "  Leaving home and settling in was difficult , " he said of the early days abroad . "  The complete change of culture from food , people , climate and mainly the language was challenging . "  The language is the most important thing , not knowing it isolates you and stops you from expressing your personality and prevents you from understanding simple messages on and off the pitch . " Read more : Bale becomes latest ` Galactico ' Rush never really mastered the language and , as a result , felt a lonely figure in the Juve dressing room while Paul Gascoigne made no secret of being homesick while in Serie A with Lazio as he never managed more than a few token phrases of Italian . Chris Waddle , who won three league titles in France with Marseille as well as reaching the 1991 European Cup final , said that it took three months to learn the language and , after that , he slotted right in . But language is not the sole barrier , the cultural differences as a whole are a more deep-rooted issue for many , and , like with Gazza , plain old home sickness . Rush used to get his family to bring over digestive biscuits while former England goalkeeper Scott Carson , who spent two seasons in Turkey with Bursaspor , repeatedly bemoaned a lack of baked beans . Jamie Lawrence is a young English player who has been in Holland since the age of 16 . He initially joined Ajax in the Dutch capital of Amsterdam and now , aged 21 , plays for RKC Waalwijk 's under-23 team . His advice for Bale would be to immerse himself in the Spanish culture , which in turn will help him settle into the Madrid way of life . "  The great thing about moving to a new country is all the new experiences , " London-born Lawrence told CNN . "  If you do n't put too much pressure on yourself , you can really enjoy it . "  I would say learn the most you can about the Spanish culture and become a part of it . I lived in an English culture for 16 years , moved here and it 's completely different . It 's so great the culture here , I 'm involved in it . " For others , the issue was of being the virtual alien in the midst of a new bunch of players . Kevin Keegan was a huge success story abroad with a spell at Hamburg , which resulted in two Bundesliga titles and with him twice being named European Footballer of the Year . But things started far from well , with reports that some players would not even pass to him in training , unhappy he had been brought to the German club . So , playing abroad -- for a Brit or otherwise -- takes a certain strength of character . Former Liverpool striker Stan Collymore admitted he was n't up to such a culture shock , leaving Spanish side Real Oviedo after just three appearances for the club . So how exactly does Bale avoid falling into the trap of some of his esteemed predecessors ? After all , Real fans can be a heartless bunch , whatever the price tag . One former player , Jonathan Woodgate , another Brit , was voted the worst signing of the 21st Century in a poll by Spanish newspaper Marca . "  The world has been littered with English players who have n't adjusted to being a big player at a European club , " journalist Michael Calvin , who has regularly crossed paths with Bale during his meteoric rise over the past three years , told CNN . "  He knows he is a disposal commodity . If he does n't perform he is toast . " Making sure he does not fall by the wayside particularly with the size and variety of expectation -- from what he does on the field to off it -- is the big trick . "  Real Madrid and Perez are looking at him as helping them launch into a completely different commercial market , " added Calvin , author of the recently published "  Nowhere Men , " which looks at football 's unknown football talent spotters -- a club 's scouts . "  They want him to do a Beckham and his world is going to change irrevocably . He is right up in the upper strata . "  Is this a top three player and can he drive that commercial momentum ? Can he operate in the same side as Ronaldo ? Is he Ronaldo lite ? Will he have physical weaknesses ? It is unique opportunity and unique challenge . "  He will need that foundation stone of his family and his friends . It is a huge leap from being the boy at home playing FIFA to being the hope of world football . " Calvin , though , also makes the point that Bale is no innocent bystander in all this . "  The whole scorpion dance of a big move comes in , " added Calvin . "  He understands his clout . He is not an innocent . People in his situation are n't innocent . They are products of an occasionally brutal world . " In Spain , there is the goldfish bowl aspect for Bale to encounter along with his partner Emma Rhys-Jones , bigger at Real than at most clubs in the world . Already , Bale has made about a third of Spanish newspaper Marca 's front pages in August alone . On the issue of the media spotlight , Calvin said : "  His parents are model parents and helped him get through an academy system , which is predisposed to producing bad Dads and mad Mums . "  That value structure will come under unprecedented scrutiny and he will have to quickly get used to the current absurdities of that world . That 's where he is going to have to readjust and recalibrate his life . " It could go a number of ways . He could become Charles , nicknamed the gentle giant and voted Juventus ' greatest foreign import above Zinedine Zidane and Michel Platini , or else McMamanan , who is still talked favorably about by the Madridistas after winning the Champions League in his first season with Real . Or else he could do down the Woodgate route , of being reviled rather than revered . The eyes of the world will be watching which way it goes .	Gareth Bale faces pressure to live up to $ 134 million price tag at Real Madrid Language barrier has often hindered British footballers abroad Bale advised to immerse himself in Spanish culture But Welshman can expect life in a goldfish bowl at Real
CNN  -- The rape case involving WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is being reopened , Swedish prosecutors said Wednesday . "  There is reason to believe that a crime has been committed , " read a statement from Marianne Ny , Sweden 's director of public prosecutions . "  Considering information available at present , my judgment is that the classification of the crime is rape . " She said more investigation is necessary before she can make a final decision . An ongoing investigation about a separate charge of molestation will be extended , she added , but the charge will also be escalated to include a sexual component . The molestation charge was previously equivalent to a non-sexual charge of harassment , but it will now come under the heading of sexual coercion and sexual molestation , which are both crimes , she said . Assange 's lawyer , Leif Silbersky , said he and his client were "  very surprised " at the decisions . "  It 's unbelievable , " he told CNN . "  We thought that this circus had ended . Now it 's happening all over again . " Prosecutors questioned Assange for about an hour on Monday , though only about the complaint of molestation , Silbersky told CNN . He said police never mentioned the rape allegation during that questioning . "  He maintains that he is completely innocent , " Silbersky said . Silbersky said he has not been shown anything about the rape allegation and is not sure what the next step is . Swedish authorities arrested Assange "  in absentia " last month on charges of rape and molestation . The chief prosecutor later revoked the arrest warrant and dropped the rape charge . The charges came from two separate women . The lawyer for both women appealed , asking for the rape charge to be reinstated and the molestation charge to be upgraded to include a sexual component . Before he was questioned , Assange told CNN he had no idea what the case was about . Assange told the Arabic-language television network Al-Jazeera August 22 the accusations are "  clearly a smear campaign . " The only question , he said , is who is behind it . The allegations follow WikiLeaks ' release last month of 76,000 pages of U.S. documents related to the war in Afghanistan . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates has criticized the leak , saying it would have a significant negative impact on troops and allies , revealing techniques and procedures . Assange has defended the leak , saying it can help shape the public 's understanding of the war . He said the material was of no operational significance and that WikiLeaks tried to ensure the material did not put innocent people at risk . The attorney for the alleged victims has told CNN that rumors of possible Pentagon or CIA involvement in the sex crime accusations against Assange are "  complete nonsense . " CNN 's Atika Shubert in Amsterdam , Netherlands , contributed to this report .	NEW : Assange 's lawyer says he is ` very surprised ' at the ` unbelieveable ' decision Prosecutors are reopening the rape case involving the WikiLeaks founder They say ` there is reason to believe that a crime has been committed '
CNN  -- A roof collapsed at a resort retreat for college freshmen in South Korea Monday , killing 10 people and injuring more than 100 , South Korea 's National Emergency Management Association said . Two of those hurt suffered heavy injuries but their lives are not in danger , officials said . For hours , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency reported that people were trapped as rescuers rushed to the resort building in the southern city of Gyeongju . Emergency officials said Tuesday that they believed everyone had been accounted for , but would n't know for sure until the building is dismantled . Fire officials told Yonhap they had struggled to reach the mountainous area where the resort is located because it was snowing Monday night . More than 560 first-year college students were in the building for a freshmen welcoming party when the collapse happened at 9:11 p.m. Monday , Yonhap reported . South Korean President Park Geun-hye expressed "  deep condolences " to the victims families . "  My heart is aching and it is very sad , " she said in a statement , calling for "  a thorough investigation " into the cause of a the collapse . Authorities said heavy snow was on the building 's roof , but the cause of the collapse was n't immediately determined , according to Yonhap . The students attend Busan University of Foreign Affairs , about 80 kilometers south of where the party took place , Yonhap reported . Gyeongju is about 300 kilometers south of the country 's capital , Seoul . CNN 's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report .	NEW : South Korean President Park Geun-hye expresses condolences to victims ' families More than 100 people are injured , two of them seriously Busan University of Foreign Affairs students were at welcoming party off campus A resort building in the city of Gyeongju collapsed , South Korean news agency says
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Alan Gross has reached his breaking point while serving a 15-year sentence in a Cuban prison , his wife told CNN . "  He 's not going to make it . He 's going to do something drastic . I believe him when he tells me that , " Judy Gross said Wednesday . Gross , 65 , was arrested in 2009 for bringing banned satellite communications equipment to the island . A State Department subcontractor , Gross had traveled to Cuba as part of a U.S. government-financed project to help Cubans skirt their government 's tight control of the Internet . Gross said he was n't aware that he had violated the island 's laws . But a Cuban court in 2011 convicted Gross of being involved in a plot to destabilize the country 's single-party communist government . Judy Gross said that since the arrest she has visited her husband six times . The latest visit Tuesday showed his health was failing rapidly and that he was losing hope of ever returning to the United States , she said . "  This one has been very different . His condition is the worst I have seen . He 's flat , depressed , hopeless and in chronic pain , " she said . According to Gross ' attorney , Scott Gilbert , he has lost more than 100 pounds in prison and suffers from arthritis and depression . "  Both governments need to know that Alan plans to end his life in an effort to end this agony , " Gilbert said in a statement . In April , Gross went on a hunger strike to protest the lack of progress between the United States and Cuba over his case . Gross finally heeded his mother Evelyn 's request to end the protest . This month , Evelyn Gross died from cancer . "  They were so close , " Judy Gross said . " -LSB- Before Gross ' arrest -RSB- they literally talked twice a day . " Cuban officials denied Gross ' request for a furlough to travel to the United States to attend his mother 's funeral . Gross said if allowed to travel he would have returned to his cell in a military hospital in Cuba . Cuban officials have said they wish to meet with U.S. government negotiators to discuss freeing Gross for three Cuban intelligence agents serving lengthy prison sentences in the United States . Rene Gonzalez , one of two Cuban intelligence agents who have completed their sentences and returned to Cuba , said he sympathized with Judy Gross ' ordeal . "  I would tell her that I regret her husband 's situation , " he said . "  And when she sees Alan Gross to tell him that the next time he comes to Cuba he should come as a friend and not bring military and communications equipment . Come as a friend . " Gonzalez is one of the "  Cuban Five , " men prosecuted for their roles as sleeper agents reporting on the Cuban exile community to the government of Fidel Castro . U.S. officials say they wo n't trade Gross for spies they accuse of playing a role in the 1996 shootdown that killed four people associated with the group Brothers to the Rescue . The Miami-based group of Cuban exiles flew hundreds of missions to spot Cuban rafters attempting to flee their island nations . Cuban fighter jets shot down two planes belonging to the groups . U.S. officials said Gross was merely trying to help Cubans bypass the island 's stringent restrictions on Internet access and have said his imprisonment is one of the major obstacles to improved relations with Cuba . Despite the stalemate , Judy Gross she was encouraged by the swap in May that freed US . Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl from captivity in Afghanistan in exchange for five Taliban imprisoned at the U.S. naval base in Guantanamo . "  I am sure it was a complicated arrangement , " Judy Gross said . "  My thought is if they can do that , if they can follow through with something that complicated , surely they can figure out something they can do to get Alan home . "	Alan Gross ' wife , Judy , visits husband in Cuba a week after his mother 's death Gross is serving a 15-year sentence for bringing satellite equipment to island Subcontractor 's condition this week is the worst she has seen
CNN  -- A bear attacked and killed a worker at an oil sands plant in western Canada Wednesday , authorities said . The attack took place at a Suncor Energy base plant , 200 miles north of Edmonton . The female employee was killed by a mature male black bear in the North Steepbank Mine , described as a "  remote part of the main plant , " CNN network partner CTV reported . "  We are shocked by this very unusual incident and there are no words to express the tragedy of this situation , " said Mark Little , a Suncor executive vice president . "  All of us need to focus on personal safety and I would urge everyone to be extremely vigilant in dealing with wildlife . " The company said the woman 's name wo n't be released without the consent of the family . Suncor said is cooperating with "  appropriate authorities and will complete a full investigation " into the incident . Between 1900 and 2009 , 63 people were killed in 59 black bear attacks in Canada and the United States , according to a 2011 Journal of Wildlife Management report . The study concludes that as human populations and developments rise , so have bear attacks . The bear in the Wednesday attack was put down . Barrie Harrison with Alberta Occupational Health and Safety told CBC News that officials are now looking into whether the employee was alone when the attack occurred . "  I do know that , certainly from an Occupational Health and Safety perspective , this is the first that I 'm aware of having a worker either seriously injured or killed by a bear of any variety , " Harrison said . Bear drags woman from garage In December : Bear suspected in attack captured , killed 12-year-old bear attack survivor : ' I just thought I was going to die ' Alaska hunter mauled by bear survives 36 hours in wilderness	63 people were killed in 59 black bear attacks between 1900 and 2009 The latest attack took place 200 miles north of Edmonton The bear in the attack was put down
In yet another display of the city 's commitment to 24-hour culture , Seoul is unveiling its biggest nighttime attraction yet in the neon-studded , wildly trendy shopping district of Dongdaemun . Designed by Iraqi-British Pritzker Prize winner Zaha Hadid , and completed at a cost of $ 451 million , the new Dongdaemun Design Plaza  DDP  opens to the public March 21 . Commissioned by the Seoul metropolitan government , the plaza features futuristic , spaceship-like curves characteristic of Hadid 's previous work -- she 's also the woman behind the radical design of the national stadium set for the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games . DDP will host concerts , conventions and other major events throughout the year . But the first order of business for Seoul 's newest landmark and multipurpose cultural center is to kick off 2014 F/W Seoul Fashion Week . Running through March 26 , Seoul Fashion Week will feature 81 fashion shows by South Korean designers , as well as Blueprint , a trade show from Singapore 's Fashion Week . District makeover The new building and its adjacent park replace an outdated stadium that had long been an eyesore in an increasingly trendy neighborhood . With most malls in the area open until 5 a.m.  some are open 24 hours  , Dongdaemun  "  East Gate "  is usually flooded with shoppers , especially at night . The new plaza will be open 24 hours . Architecture and exhibitions Construction on the 85,000-square-meter structure began in 2007 and was completed in 2013 . Exhibition spaces are spread over four floors and three underground levels . The building also houses a museum , a design lab and an art hall . National treasures and paintings , along with a design exhibition of Zaha Hadid 's works , will be shown in eight different exhibitions on site . In honor of the grand opening , admission to all exhibitions except the Gansong Arts Collection Exhibition will be free until the end of March . Seoul Fashion Week operates separately from the eight exhibitions . As part of Seoul 's push to showcase its new icon , City Tour buses and airport buses now directly service the DDP . Beginning April 1 , the admission fee to see all exhibitions will be 8,000  $ 7  . Dongdaemun Design Plaza , Euljiro 7-ga Jung-gu , Seoul ; open 24 hours	Zaha Hadid designed new $ 451 million Seoul landmark Dongdaemun Design Plaza will be open 24 hours in trendy shopping district Seoul Fashion Week is the DDP 's first major event In honor of grand opening , admission to all DDP exhibitions are free in March
The U.S. Supreme Court considered Monday where to draw the line in protecting free speech on social media sites like Facebook . The Court heard arguments in the case of a Pennslvania man convicted of making threatening statements about his estranged wife and law enforcement officials . Anthony Elonis claims he did not intend to frighten anyone , that instead his writings were "  therapeutic " and helped him deal with the sadness of his broken marriage . Elonis ' attorney , John Elwood , told the high court the government must prove he intended to instill fear in others and make them feel threatened . "  If he knows -LSB- his wife -RSB- is in fear he does not have the right to carry on , " Elwood said . Deputy Solicitor General Michael Dreeben , arguing for the government , told the justices that it does not matter what Elonis intended , only whether a reasonable person would have felt threatened . Dreeben said , "  We want a standard to hold people accountable . " Arguing against the rap defenses , Dreeben argued in the context of rap lyrics , like those of rapper Eminem , "  the clear purpose is entertainment . " The justices questions suggested the case presents a struggle about what is a threat and what is just self-expression . Chief Justice John Roberts questioned Dreeben using the example of someone who is not yet known as a rapper and therefore has no clear purpose of entertainment , asking , "  What about the budding rapper who is writing his first rap song ? " Justice Samuel Alito commented , "  This sounds like a road map for threatening a spouse and getting away with it . So you put it in a rhyme ... and you say I 'm an aspiring rap artist and so then you are free from prosecution . " Justice Sonya Sotomayor said , "  We 've been loathe to create more exceptions to the First Amendment . " Elonis was convicted of threatening to injure another person and sentenced to nearly four years in prison for posting writings such as , "  There 's one way to love you but a thousand ways to kill you . I 'm not going to rest until your body is a mess , soaked in blood and dying from all the little cuts . " Elonis claims he was just writing rap lyrics and venting . He also posted comments about law enforcement , writing , "  I 've got enough explosives to take care of the state police and the sheriff 's department . " In yet another Facebook posting Elonis writes about making a name for himself by shooting up a local kindergarten class . Elonis wrote , "  Enough elementary schools in a ten mile radius to initiate the most heinous school shooting ever imagined . And hell hath no fury like a crazy man in a kindergarten class . " The case is Elonis v. United States , 13-983 .	The Supreme Court heard oral arguments Monday on a case examining free speech and social media The outcome of the case , Elonis vs. U.S. , could determine was is acceptable to post online
CNN  -- The European Association of Zoos and Aquaria  EAZA  takes very seriously its duty of protecting endangered and vulnerable species from extinction . Our European Endangered Species Programmes  EEP  have been established to ensure a viable future for endangered animals -- including giraffes -- despite the destruction of their habitats and rampant poaching of wild animals . More than 700 giraffes are kept within our institutions to the highest possible standards of welfare and care by zoos such as Copenhagen , and EAZA monitors breeding closely to ensure that the species has the genetic diversity it needs to have the best possible chance of survival in the long term . While we understand that some members of the public are upset by the euthanization of the giraffe at Copenhagen zoo , the protection of the species as a whole must be our priority . Our resources are regrettably finite , and as a result , the EEP must prioritize animals which can contribute to the overall genetic health of the captive population . This means that in rare cases  five in the case of giraffes in EAZA zoos since records began in 1828  , animals must be removed from the population by management euthanasia . Compare this to the 60 billion + healthy , young animals killed each year worldwide for human consumption . In-breeding is a serious problem that can lead to genes being passed on that increase the population 's susceptibility to disease and other chronic conditions which threaten the future of the species in our care . Zoo staff get death threats As for alternative solutions , we can not in good conscience recommend the transfer of animals under our protection to zoos which are not our members and therefore not subject to our strict standards of animal husbandry and welfare ; transfer within our network does not represent a solution to the unsuitability of the individual animal for breeding . Contraception is difficult and in its infancy for female giraffes , and can be irreversible . Castration of a male animal can have also undesirable side-effects , and a place that could otherwise be reserved for an animal that can contribute to its species ' future is lost . Release into the wild of this single individual would almost certainly result in early death for the animal , after a long and stressful journey of thousands of kilometers -- reintroduction is an intensive and complicated matter and we would not countenance this unless recommended to by the IUCN , the paramount global body for nature conservation . All of these alternatives were explored , and none were found to be viable ; in addition , EAZA 's position is supported by the International Union for Conservation of Nature  IUCN  . EAZA members do not euthanize animals lightly , and we are saddened by the death of any animal in our care . Nonetheless , we strongly support Copenhagen Zoo , which has an exemplary record of animal welfare , education , research and conservation , and which took great pains to be transparent about the situation -- 7,000 visitors came to Copenhagen Zoo on Sunday , while 15 protesters stood outside . The Copenhagen public spoke with their tickets to the zoo and left knowing far more about the real threats to conservation of giraffes in the wild . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lesley Dickie .	The Copenhagen zoo is an institution of The European Association of Zoos and Aquaria EAZA monitors breeding closely and prioritizes the protection of species , writes Lesley Dickie In rare cases , animals must be removed by management euthanasia , he says Dickie : In-breeding is a serious problem that can increase susceptibility to disease
CNN  -- World leaders are moving carefully and anxiously , trying to prevent a disaster in the Korean Peninsula . This increasingly unpredictable round of saber-rattling is far from over , but so far the winner is the North Korean regime and the losers are the brutally oppressed North Korean people , joined by much of the rest of the world . While we watch the drama from far away , it 's worth noting just how far North Korean weapons programs -- not just the weapons themselves -- can reach . U.S. intelligence officials differ on their estimates of the range and accuracy of North Korean missiles , nuclear-tipped or not . But the country 's nuclear and missile technology has already found its way to the Middle East . North Korea helped Syria develop a nuclear reactor . It has sold missile technology and weapons to anyone willing to pay , and it has developed close cooperation with Iran . If the crisis ended right now -- with every piece of military hardware back to where it stood a few months ago and everyone taking a vow of silence on the matter so that we get no more threats and no more demands -- the confrontation would have already sent clear and damaging messages across the globe , encouraging tyrants and regimes seeking or considering the idea of developing nuclear weapons . Opinion : North Korea endgame - 3 scenarios North Korea 's message seems to be : If you have nuclear capabilities , it does n't matter how outrageously you behave ; it does n't matter how horribly you mistreat your people ; it does n't matter how flimsy your economy is . When you have a nuclear arsenal , countries that could topple your regime with a tiny fraction of their power suddenly become afraid of making you angry . This is a pernicious reality with tragic and hazardous consequences . Nuclear development makes it easier for the totalitarian regime to condemn the North Korean people to grinding poverty and imprisonment in nightmarish gulags . Several generations of the same family can live and die in captivity . While the North Korean people go hungry , the regime diverts scarce resources to its nuclear and missile programs while its top leader , the youthful Kim Jong Un , adds insult to injury with his visibly expanding girth . As the latest crisis unfolded and as North Korea threatened a "  preemptive nuclear attack " on the United States , a "  final destruction " of South Korea , and a "  nuclear attack " on Tokyo , world powers held a new round of talks with the Iranian regime over its nuclear program . Coincidence or not , the talks with Iran produced nothing , not even the customary agreement to hold more talks . Iran , one can only imagine , must be paying close attention to the dance macabre between Pyongyang and the rest of the world . North Korea , whose entire economy is worth about $ 40 billion -- less than a small-sized American city and a tiny fraction of prosperous South Korea and its trillion-dollar economy -- has ordered the whole world to attention . Experts are scratching their heads , trying to figure out what exactly Kim Jong Un wants and how far he will go . There 's general consensus that he wants , like all dictators , to strengthen his hold on power and to secure the support of the military . But he is accomplishing more than that . North Korea is giving its crucial weapons industry a huge boost of publicity . Every headline is a Super Bowl-size ad for the country 's destructive wares . Opinion : Why I fled North Korea Current and future clients may have noticed that its arsenal has allowed North Korea to get away with creating these crises , which fortify the regime and sometimes even bring generous international aid . Without its dangerous arsenal , it 's unlikely Pyongyang would have gotten away with the 2010 shelling of Yeonpyeong island , when it killed two South Korean marines and three civilians , sent the population fleeing in panic and set homes and forests on fire . Despite South Korea 's vow of "  enormous retaliation , " the regime is still in place . Not only is it still standing , it is spreading its deadly know-how . North Korea has long been one of the world 's top proliferators of missiles and other weapons systems . U.S. officials say Iran recently received North Korean missiles capable of reaching Western European capitals . Last September , Tehran and Pyongyang signed a scientific cooperation agreement , which experts say is almost identical to the one North Korea signed with Syria a decade ago . That agreement with Damascus brought North Korean technicians to help the Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad build a nuclear reactor that Israeli warplanes destroyed in 2007 . And the North , incidentally , is still sending weapons to Damascus . Back home , when North Korea carried out its third nuclear test earlier this year , news reports in the region said Iranian scientists were there to observe . This standoff is not over , but Pyongyang has already won . From the moment the North obtained nuclear weapons , however rudimentary , the game changed . From that moment , the chances that the North Korean people will rejoin the world and have a chance at a better life diminished greatly . From that moment , the South and the West 's room to maneuver became much more limited . The challenge now is to prevent a greater disaster , while keeping the regime from scoring an even greater victory , as it has in the past , by walking away from this confrontation with new rewards . Beyond that , the world must seek a creative way to help free the North Korean people , while bearing in mind the disastrous consequences of allowing dangerous regimes to obtain nuclear weapons . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : North Korean weapons programs have spread to the Middle East Ghitis : North Korea 's messages encourage tyrants to seek nuclear weapons She says with nuclear arsenal , powerful countries are afraid to make a regime angry Ghitis : This standoff is not over , but Pyongyang has already won
After paying five homeless people outside his studio in Manila to help chew 700 pieces of bubble gum , Louie Cordero began to wonder what he had undertaken in the name of art . "  Well , it certainly took longer than I imagined it would , and they thought it would , too " he recalls . After two days of aching jaws , the potent mix of gum , spittle and resin went to create one of Cordero 's larger-than-life sculptures ; a bright green figure that is part tribal warrior , part horror flick monster , but all Cordero 's imagination . It is now starting to turn brown as the sugar in the gum oxidizes , but Cordero is still turning his wild machinations of surreal , twisted biomorphic figures into sculptures and paintings , and is one of a group of contemporary artists from the Philippines turning heads with a vibrancy and unique Filipino vision . Awash with tubes of bright acrylic paint , Cordero 's studio in the Cubao area of Manila has been his main base for around 10 years and is situated just a few minutes away from the stadium where Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier had their "  Thriller in Manila " bout in 1975 . Working on two new pieces for this month 's Hong Kong International Art Fair while sipping industrial strength coffee , Cordero admits that while his attitude to his work has n't really altered in a decade , local artists are seemingly starting to punch above their weight . "  Things have changed a lot in terms of financial gain and artistic gain . For new artists , they have a thing about doing it in the international scene or being represented . Now it 's a career that has to be strategized , " he says . "  In Manila there used to be more artist run galleries . Now big galleries are here and looking for the new artist that wants to sell for big money . Every week now there 's like three openings , before it used to be one show per month . " It 's a long way from the 34-year-old 's life when he graduated from the University of the Philippines College of Fine Arts . Back then he could n't afford paint so spent days drawing comic strips  one of which has gained a cult following in the Philippines and Japan  or taking illustration jobs to pay the bills . Joining with friends and contemporaries he also ran artist spaces for impromptu exhibitions . Since then he 's moved on to feature in joint exhibitions in Hong Kong and prominent solo shows including one in New York in 2010 . Inspired by an explosive mix of comic art , pop culture and gore-fest films , Cordero also retains a strong Filipino flavor in his art , drawing on everything from jeepney art , turbulent politics and the almost inescapable impact of religion in Philippine society . "  We 've been occupied and colonized by American and Spanish so most of the artists here contemplate on that concept or hang-ups from it , especially the Catholic influence that we get from school age upwards , " he says . Playing with religious imagery can still cause huge controversy in the Philippines . Last year a collage by artist Mideo Cruz at the Cultural Center of the Philippines depicted Jesus with a wooden penis glued to his face . It was condemned by church groups and even attracted the ire of former first lady Imelda Marcos . The resulting furor led to the exhibition being closed . Cordero admits to gleefully prodding the country 's cultural soft spots when he was younger with a 2001 piece that mixed in Jesus and Ronald McDonald , but thinks Cruz was just unlucky . "  He was the center of the whole nation 's tensions . When I started I was like that , now I 'm not so scandalous with my work ; it 's more like you 're young and full of angst , and you 're very idealistic . "  If you 're dealing with religion , it 's very sad because people , priests and politicians will condemn you if you touch on that sensibility . You can do it , but it can become a circus . "  It 's fine if you do it just for art people , but for the common people , still not that many go to art exhibition . You need that sensation for people to go . " If the public 's tastes are not so Catholic in the Philippines , art collectors are starting to wake up to the breadth and diversity of work by contemporary Filipino artists . Last month a painting by Filipino artist Ronald Ventura entitled "  Grayground " sold at Sotheby 's in Hong Kong for $ 1.1 million , making it the first piece by a contemporary Southeast Asian artist to fetch more than $ 1 million . "  If Ventura 's work is going for over $ 1million , and the likes of  established 19th century painter  Juan Luna could n't meet its reserve price , there 's something going on  in the art market  , " says independent curator and Cordero 's partner Isabel Ching . Next door to Cordero 's studio is a fabrication workshop run by Jeremy Guiab , where Cordero 's latest projects - thrones made of fiberglass bones and twisted totem polls - are being made . A gold mine of curios and industrial oddities , it 's also a hub for local artists , from those fresh out of art school to longer-serving artists like Romeo Lee . "  I 've been around since the 1980s . Filipinos started in a struggle , now it 's the new generation 's chance , and they 're smart , " says Lee . "  But for the old generation like me , I 'll keep going , and I 'm happy if someone now wants to pay more for my art . " With an increasing interest in the work of Cordero and his contemporaries like Nona Garcia and predecessors like Manuel Ocampo , has come a desire from collectors to know where they come from , says Magnus Renfrew , director of Hong Kong International Art Fair , "  It 's relatively early days for the international profile of art from the Philippines , " says Renfrew . "  But it is becoming more and more the case that collectors are willing to engage with artists from a wide variety of cultural and aesthetic backgrounds . " Among the sparks of spot-welding and smell of resin in the workshop , Cordero is content to continue to mix things up in his own work regardless of the changing tastes of collectors or galleries . "  I do n't know what I 'm doing ; it 's the challenge . That 's the reason I do art : to keep challenging myself and saying this is what I want to do . "	Manila-based artists finding their feet on the international stage Louie Cordero 's visceral paintings and sculptures full of Philippine culture Unique mix of cultures and history creates diverse group of artists , says Cordero International art collectors more open to Philippine art , says head of Hong Kong Art Fair
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Eight children and three women died in eastern Afghanistan when NATO-led forces bombarded houses , a provincial official told CNN Thursday . The incident took place Wednesday in Khost province 's Domandera district , according to Khost upper house member and foreign relations chief Arifullah Pashton . There was no immediate reaction from NATO 's International Security Assistance Force about civilian casualties in Khost . But ISAF said it was investigating allegations of civilian casualties in an airstrike targeting an insurgent in Ghazni province , in the southeast . Pashton said hundreds of people in the district demonstrated against the alliance Thursday and chanted , "  Death to the United States " and "  Death to NATO . " Civilian casualties in the war between coalition forces and militants have generated grass-roots anger toward the combatants , and ISAF has been working for years to tackle the problem .	The incident took place in Khost province , an official says Eight children and three women were killed Demonstrators chanted "  Death to the United States "
On a sunny Monday morning , over the open fields of Baylands Park in Sunnyvale , California , an unmanned aerial vehicle was turning heads -- and it came with a cargo of carne asada . World , meet the Burrito Bomber . The Bomber is the beans and rice-filled brainchild of two engineers at popular reviews and recommendations website , Yelp . Their ultimate goal is to send the Burrito Bomber into the wild , blue yonder , wait for a customer to place an order through a mobile app , then have the tortilla-toting plane do a fly-by delivery based on GPS coordinates . "  You have a little parachute that kind of hides up here -LSB- under the plane -RSB- , " said Yoni De Beule , one of the plane 's designers , "  and when the burrito releases , the parachute gets pulled out and allows for the burrito to drop to the ground a little more safely . " The bomber 's engineers used a 3-D printer to create their own custom-made parts to allow for burrito storage and deployment , and added a fully remote controlled camera and transmitter to stream live video back down to the ground during flight . "  The plane can totally fly itself , " says former Yelp engineer John Boiles , "  But these are nice to have as a backup . " That 's right . The Burrito Bomber is a drone . Although it currently has to be launched by hand -- and Boiles briefly controls the drone as it ascends -- once the plane hits altitude and a flight plan is in place , the Burrito Bomber operates on its own . Step one for takeoff includes Boiles and De Beule running through a checklist to ensure everything is operating properly . It 's like their version of mission control , just down the road from the Mission District , where Yelp 's headquarters are located in San Francisco . Step two is a little less technical . Boiles grabs a few sprigs of grass and flips them into the air to see which way the breeze is blowing , sort of like nearby Stanford University attendee Tiger Woods sizing up his approach to the 18th green . Step three , flight . On the count of three , Boiles fires up the propeller and De Beule tosses the bomber into the air . After a brief wobble , the Burrito Bomber is soaring skyward and preparing to deploy its tasty payload . The idea of airborne munchies is n't entirely new . The Tacocopter turned out to be a hoax . And Domino 's "  DomiCopter " is a recent YouTube sensation , showing a high-flying pizza delivery near London . The Burrito Bomber was dreamed up during a Yelp hackathon -- a two-day event held every quarter where engineers tap into their creative side . Yelp provides resources such as 3-D printers , tons of tools and lots of space -- a commodity in dense San Francisco -- to keep their workers inspired . Boiles and De Beule 's first hackathon project was a weather balloon they hoped would result in the first ever Yelp "  check-in " from space . However , the balloon flew a lot farther than expected and they later recovered it in the Nevada desert . After a few other high-flying hijinks , the idea for the Burrito Bomber took hold . Along with other projects from fellow engineers , Boiles and De Beule dubbed their creative corner of Yelp headquarters Darwin Aerospace -- named after CEO Jeremy Stoppelman 's dog , Darwin , who is frequently found wandering Yelp 's offices . Sadly , anyone hoping for an aerial munchies fix will have to keep hoping for a while . The Burrito Bomber is currently just a prototype . Current Federal Aviation Administration regulations prohibit commercial use of unmanned aircraft , but that could change . "  Pending regulations from the FAA in 2015 , we 'll be able to drop a burrito to a neighborhood near you , " says Boiles . Until then , parachuting pico de gallo will have to wait .	Engineers from Yelp build the Burrito Bomber The unmanned drone can deliver food using GPS data Project is the result of a Yelp hackathon Currently , aviation regulations prohibit commercial use of drones
CNN  -- A rain-triggered landslide killed at least two people and toppled 11 buildings Wednesday in southwest China , state-run media said , citing local authorities . The disaster occurred in Sichuan province 's Dujiangyan city , fire officials said , according to the Xinhua news agency . Twenty-one people still were missing after the landslide , authorities in Dujiangyan said Thursday morning , adding that they are "  fully committed " to rescue efforts . About 370,000 people and more than 81,000 acres of crops have been affected by the flooding , which has plagued the mountainous region since Monday . It has resulted in more than $ 40 million in direct economic losses , provincial officials said . Zhang Jiuchun is an interior designer living in Mianyang , the second-largest city in Sichuan . He told CNN in a phone interview that continuing flooding , along with landslides and mudslides , has paralyzed highway and rail services in many parts of the province . Zhang said suburban areas are seeing the most severe impacts . "  I think it 's the worst since 1998 , " Zhang said of the disaster , referring to major flooding sweeping across China over a decade ago . Xinhua also reported that 352 stranded tourists have been securely moved out of Dujiangyan . In January : 46 dead after landslide in southwest China	Authorities report 2 dead , 21 missing after rain-induced landslide in Sichuan 352 tourists stranded in Dujiangyan have been evacuated Flooding has deluged 81,000 acres of crops , caused more than $ 40 million in losses
CNN  -- Thanksgiving is the busiest travel holiday of the year , with tens of millions expected to hit the road over the extended four-day weekend . For anyone not loading up the SUV to make the trek to Grandma 's house for her famous cranberry stuffing this year , here are some other yummy options you might want to consider . And you do n't even need a passport . Space for many of these events is limited and could fill up soon . If you miss out this year , you might want to get ahead of the game and book it for next Thanksgiving . See where it all started : Plymouth , Massachusetts This historic settlement south of Boston , where the voyagers aboard the Mayflower landed in 1620 , was the site of the first Thanksgiving . Visitors to Plymouth can step back in time and explore the Mayflower II , a full-scale replica of the celebrated sailing ship . View Myles Standish 's sword , William Bradford 's Bible and other artifacts belonging to the original colonists at the Pilgrim Hall Museum , witness participants in period costumes marching in the annual Thanksgiving procession , and more . Where to stay : Opt for a cozy fireplace suite at the John Carver Inn & Spa . Children will especially love the hotel 's indoor pool with 80-foot water slide and Jacuzzi set amid an imitation Plymouth Rock . Where to eat : The Plimoth Plantation living history museum offers two popular Thanksgiving dinner options , a buffet and a more historically minded feast featuring greeters in authentic attire and menu items such as Indian pudding and split pea soup . Take in a parade : Philadelphia The New York Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade may be the nation 's most well-known , but Philadelphia 's 6abc Dunkin Donuts Thanksgiving Day Parade is the oldest . Originally sponsored by Gimbels , it has been a Philadelphia tradition since 1920 . A steady stream of festive floats , giant balloons , marching bands , choirs , dance troupes and even Santa liven up downtown during the hourslong event . Where to stay : The Embassy Suites Philadelphia-Center City is right along the parade route , making it easy to get there early and nab a prime viewing spot . Where to eat : Moshulu , a 20th-century , square-rigged sailing vessel-turned-restaurant docked along the Delaware River waterfront , makes a unique setting for savoring your Thanksgiving Day repast . Strap on the feed bag : Sonoma County , California If you 're one of those people who has to go up a pants size post-Turkey Day , then a trip to this food lover 's mecca should be on the menu . You can eat and drink your way through hundreds of restaurants and wineries , all surrounded by a scenic backdrop of vineyard-filled valleys , towering redwoods and rugged coastline . Where to stay : The quaint Farmhouse Inn has just 18 rooms but loads of charm and amenities , not to mention an award-winning restaurant . Where to eat : Michelin-starred chef Charlie Palmer 's Dry Creek Kitchen cooks up a Thanksgiving spread featuring fresh , local ingredients . Mouthwatering dishes include 60-hour braised short ribs with smoked potato fondue and bourbon pecan pie with bruleed marshmallows that are sure to please even the pickiest palate . Shop till you drop : New York New York is synonymous with shopping , so where better to start your holiday gift buying than the Big Apple ? Whether you hit Barneys , Bergdorf 's , Bloomingdale 's or any of the thousands of storefronts in between , you 're sure to find that special something for that special someone . Where to stay : The elegant Iroquois in Midtown Manhattan offers a Black Friday Shopping Package that includes $ 25 toward the cost of shipping your purchases home , power bars and a thermos of hot chocolate or coffee to help keep you going on your quest for bargains . Where to eat : Thanksgiving and the first full day of Hanukkah have n't fallen on the same day since 1888 , so why not celebrate by supping at the city 's most famous Jewish eatery , Katz 's ? The deli 's second annual all-you-can-eat Thanksgiving presentation features traditional favorites such as turkey and mashed potatoes alongside brisket , latkes , tzimmes , pickles and more . Hit the slopes : Salt Lake City If you 'd rather be outdoors doing something active than inside eating leftover turkey sandwiches and watching football , grab your Gore-Tex and get yourself a lift ticket . There are 11 ski resorts within an hour of Salt Lake City International Airport , so you can be off the plane and schussing on fresh powder in record time . Where to stay : The Cliff Lodge at Snowbird , set amid the picturesque Wasatch Mountains , boasts ski-in/ski-out access , ski lockers , equipment rental and repair , a full-service spa and even a licensed day care for those whose little ones are n't yet skilled ski bunnies . Where to eat : Dining at La Caille , once voted one of the most romantic restaurants in America and even dreamier when it 's dressed up for the holidays , will make you feel like you 're enjoying your Thanksgiving meal at a fabulous French chateau . Get away from it all : Vieques , Puerto Rico Escape the chaos and stresses of the holiday season with a visit to this tiny island gem in the warm Caribbean waters just off the east coast of Puerto Rico . A U.S. naval bombing range and testing ground up until 2003 , Vieques is now a tranquil retreat , where in-the-know travelers flee to commune with nature and disconnect from their devices . Where to stay : Hix Island House , a series of architectural concrete structures , readily conveys the desired minimalist , unspoiled vibe . There are no phones , televisions or air conditioners , just spacious , airy lofts designed to be at one with the environment . Where to eat : The W Retreat & Spa cooks up a special Thanksgiving meal at Sorce restaurant , but the more fitting choice would be to order a Thanksgiving feast to go from the W Caf  and spread it out on a secluded plot of beach somewhere .	Step back in time and explore a Mayflower replica in Plymouth , Massachusetts A Manhattan hotel will help guests ship their Black Friday purchases home Ski the Utah slopes for Thanksgiving and follow it up with a romantic dinner New York City deli Katz 's will host Thanksgiving dinner with deli sides
CNN  -- It needed permission from the British monarch and has the potential to enrage traditionalists , but one of horse racing 's most regal occasions has crossed the rubicon and will allow sponsorship branding for the first time in its 300-year history . Like Augusta for golf 's U.S. Masters and Wimbledon in tennis , Royal Ascot has thrived with barely a nod in the direction of the commercial world -- until now . The most quintessentially English of all sporting events has signed a five-year partnership deal with a company controlled by the Qatari royal family . Do not expect to see massive advertising hoardings bearing the name of QIPCO , shorthand for Qatar Investment & Projects Development Holding Company . But on the first day of the event , which takes place in June , the name will appear in places such as the top of stalls and at the back of the parade ring . "  It will be limited branding in Royal Ascot colors , " Charles Barnett , chief executive of the race course , told CNN . Barnett said Acot was actively seeking "  appropriate partners " for the other four days of the meeting but was quick to stress there were some traditions that were not for sale . "  This most certainly does not extend to the names of races or the name of the event , which will be forever Royal Ascot , " he said . As part of the deal , QIPCO has also agreed to sponsor the King George VI & Queen Elizabeth Stakes , a race for leading middle-distance specialists , usually classic winners , held at Ascot in late July . "  The time is right for us to maximize the commercial value of our properties , " Ascot head of communications Nick Smith told CNN . Competitive era Smith also revealed that a major driving factor was the need to attract the best thoroughbreds to Royal Ascot and its other premier meetings . "  It 's a competitive market and we want to make sure our prize money is competitive , " he added . But while there are clearly sound commercial reasons for the branding deal with QIPCO , would not such a major development need the permission of Queen Elizabeth , an avid racing enthusiast ? "  Anything as important as this we would discuss with Buckingham Palace , " said Barnett . "  Ascot was set up by an act of parliament  Enclosure Act of 1813  and we will be reinvesting everything we can into the business in the form of better facilities as well as better prize money . " QIPCO and Qatar 's involvement in elite flat racing in Britain and Europe is a relatively new development , dating back to 2011 . Their sponsorship of the British Champions Series , culminating in Champions Day at Ascot in October , broke new ground , with both the Champions Stakes and Queen Elizabeth II Stakes now carrying seven-figure prize money . Nick Attenborough , spokesman for Great British Racing which runs the series , welcomed the latest investments at Ascot . "  It 's a real signal to the sport globally that they are here to stay , " he told CNN . Previous Middle Eastern involvement in the flat racing scene was centered around the Godolphin operation of the ruler of Dubai , Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum . Now the new kids on the block are certainly making an impression , additionally sponsoring English classic races , the 1,000 and 2,000 Guineas at Newmarket . Frankel connection QIPCO also lent its name to the Sussex Stakes at Glorious Goodwood , famously won twice by the unbeaten super horse Frankel . At Europe 's most prestigious race , the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in Paris , Qatari branding is emblazoned over the race course at Longchamps and last year 's winner Treve is Qatari-owned . Qatar is also flexing its financial muscle in other sports , notably football , which will see the 2022 World Cup staged in the small Arab state of just over two million people . Qatari investors also own French champions Paris Saint-Germain . But aside from the controversy about playing conditions in the heat of the Gulf summer , there has also been criticism of its treatment of migrant workers employed to build the stadia and infrastructure for the competition . FIFA president Sepp Blatter said the situation was "  unacceptable " and has met the Emir of Qatar to seek changes . Ascot chief Barnett would not comment on these specific issues , but added : "  We are dealing with an individual investment company -- a private company -- not the Qatari government . " Attenborough added : "  There are no labor issues in horse racing . " Unique event The queen 's views on these matters , as ever , will remain a closely guarded secret , but it is her patronage of Royal Ascot which ensures it remains a unique event in the sporting calendar . Last year , her filly Estimate won the Ascot Gold Cup , the first victory for a reigning monarch since the famous race began over 200 years ago . She was presented with the trophy by her son Prince Andrew in front of a hoarding on which there was a sign advertising the QIPCO Champions Series -- of which the Gold Cup was one of the key races . A sign , then , of the times to come , and this year the reminders of a more commercial age will be a little more obvious in the most traditional of settings .	Qatari company QIPCO to have sponsorship rights at Royal Ascot Historic deal will see limited branding at famous royal meeting Will provide a prize money boost for Royal Ascot and other racing at the famous course Extends growing Qatar influence in horse racing and other sports
CNN  -- Incumbent leader Abdelaziz Bouteflika has won a third term in office after a landslide victory in Algeria 's presidential election , media reports said Friday . Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika arrives to cast his vote at a school in Algiers . Bouteflika 's victory came despite calls from his political opponents for voters to boycott the polls . They claim the election was a charade , with the other presidential candidates -- from left-wing parties to Islamists -- standing no real chance . The 72-year-old was elected with over 90 percent of the vote , Reuters.com quoted the official in charge of organizing Thursday 's presidential election as saying . "  Bouteflika has won ... 90.24 percent of the votes cast , " Interior Minister Minister Noureddine Yazid Zerhouni told a news conference . Algerian lawmakers , most of them loyal to the president , cleared the way for him to stand for re-election last year by abolishing constitutional term limits . Critics said that would allow him to serve as president-for-life . Supporters of Bouteflika say he deserves credit for steering the North African country , an oil and gas producer , back to stability after a bloody civil conflict in the 1990s that killed an estimated 150,000 people . But critics say he is using the threat of renewed violence from Islamic militants to mask the country 's deepening economic problems . "  I continue to regard the restoration of civil peace as a national priority , as long as hotbeds of tension and pockets of subversion survive , " Bouteflika , running for a third term , said in his final campaign speech on Monday , Reuters.com reported . He has also promised to spend $ 150 billion on development projects and create 3 million jobs , his remedy for an economy in which energy accounts for about 96 percent of exports but where other sectors have been choked by red tape and under-investment .	Bouteflika , 72 , win third term comfortably with 90 percent of vote Lawmakers abolished constitutional term limits last year Political opponents claim vote was a charade Algeria is fighting an Islamic insurgency and an ailing economy
