LONDON , England  CNN  -- A blossoming of cinematic creativity has swept Argentina in recent years , bringing about a second golden age of film . Pablo Trapero 's latest movie "  Lion 's Den " stars Martina Gusman  left  and was in competition at Cannes . In Argentina , the renaissance marks a return to form for a cinematic tradition that was prolific and highly successful until creativity was stifled by a succession of military regimes that began with the ascendancy of Juan Peron in the 1940s . A revival occurred after the country returned to democracy in 1983 as filmmakers focused on life under the military dictatorship -- Luiz Puenzo 's "  The Official Story "  1985  won an Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film . But an economic malaise ensued , turning off the taps to film financing . An economic boom in the 1990s quickly turned unstable , resulting in a crippling financial crisis earlier this decade that plunged Argentina into its worst recession ever . Out of the chaos , a new group of Argentina filmmakers emerged . The leaders of the so-called "  New Argentine Cinema " have become critical contributors to the wider Latin American film movement that has captivated international critics and audiences alike . What 's fueling New Argentine Cinema ? Argentina 's economy has recovered remarkably since its collapse in 2001 , and the national film institute , Instituto Nacional de Cine y Artes Audiovisuales  INCAA  , has been keen to foster the industry 's development . The combination of cheap production costs and a flourishing artistic community has made Buenos Aires a hub of creativity . Already one of the most cosmopolitan cities in South America , the city is attracting everyone from local bohemians to big Hollywood names . Francis Ford Coppola , the most recent notable to tap into the vibrant scene , opened an Argentine unit of his Zoetrope production company last year to film his Buenos Aires-set family drama "  Tetro , " which is anticipated to be released next year . What movies are creating buzz ? Pablo Trapero 's "  Lion 's Den " about a woman who gives birth and raises her child in prison was nominated for the Palme d'Or at Cannes this year . Trapero is best known for his depiction of ordinary people . He gained acclaim with "  Crane World "  1999  -- a gritty look at Argentina 's working class -- and is widely considered one of Argentina 's leading directors . Also in competition at Cannes this year was "  The Headless Woman " from the ever subtle Lucrecia Martel . The film focuses on a woman 's guilt after a hit-and-run accident and like Martel 's other works , offers up a dose of social criticism . Martel burst on the scene with her first movie "  The Swamp "  2001  , winner of the Alfred Bauer Award at the Berlin International Film Festival . Lucia Puenzo stirred debate with "  XXY "  2007  , an exploration of adolescent sexuality centered around the life of a teenage hermaphrodite . The daughter of award-winning Luiz Puenzo , Lucia took home the Critic Weeks Grand Prize at Cannes last year . Are you excited about Argentine cinema ? What is your favorite movie or director ? Enough with the dramas -- who makes Argentines laugh ? Daniel Burman has cited Woody Allen as one of the auteurs he most admires , and the influence is quite clear in his work , in which his identity as a Jew in Argentina figures prominently . "  Waiting for the Messiah "  2000  , "  Lost Embrace "  2004  and "  Family Law "  2006  make up the trilogy of films about fatherhood for which he has gained praise . The young director 's latest film "  Empty Nest "  2008  takes a touching and comedic look at married life . What 's this I hear about a Hollywood in Argentina ? You 're referring to Palermo Hollywood . No , it 's not a Las Vegas casino but rather a neighborhood in Buenos Aires where many film and TV studios are based . A bohemian spirit distinguishes the neighborhood from its more polished cousin to the south , Palermo Soho . Once occupied by desolate factories and warehouses , the area is now humming with activity . An abundance of hip lounges , cafes and trendy restaurants keep the buzz going all day and through the night . How does Argentina figure in the Latin American film scene ? As the Latin American film renaissance has gained stride , filmmakers across the region have become more interested in collaborating on projects . The end of military dictatorships which ruled Latin America in the 1970s and 1980s "  created really interesting national cinemas that blossomed a little bit everywhere but also created a correlation between directors from different countries , " Brazilian director Walter Salles told CNN earlier this year . Salles works frequently with Argentine directors . He co-produced Trapero 's "  Lion 's Den " and Julia Solomonoff 's "  Sisters "  2005  . Meanwhile , Eduardo Constantini Jr , of the philanthropic Constantini family in Argentina , recently launched a fund with the Weinstein Co. aimed at backing Latin American movies . He is also behind The Auteurs , an "  online movie theater " where Web users can watch and discuss film . Is this boom going to run out of steam ? The renaissance in Argentina has been building for some time , but it 's only just hitting its stride now . Earlier films were mainly art house successes but now with the spotlight shining on Latin America cinema , Argentine films may start to connect more with international audiences . The country continues to attract productions , and there is a vast pool of talent that is being groomed to lead the next generation of auteurs . More than 12,000 undergraduates are currently studying film directing , scriptwriting and technical production , according to the INCAA . Five other must-see Argentine films 1 . "  The Night of the Pencils "  Hector Olivera , 1986  2 . "  Nine Queens "  Fabian Bielinsky , 2000  3 . "  Son of the Bride "  Juan Jose Campanella , 2001  4 . "  The Dog "  Carlos Sorin , 2004  5 . "  The Holy Girl "  Lucrecia Martel , 2004	The filmmakers of New Argentine Cinema are winning acclaim worldwide Vibrant Buenos Aires has attracted big names like Francis Ford Coppola Everything you need to know about the directors and movies creating buzz
Paterson , New Jersey  CNN  -- A New Jersey judge Monday ordered $ 338 million Powerball jackpot winner Pedro Quezada to pay $ 30,000 in back child support to the mother of three of his children . The payment clears Quezada 's record , probation officials said during a hearing in Paterson . Quezada told the judge that the children will now live with him . Family Court Judge Ernest Caposela warned Quezada -- who is expected to net approximately $ 152 million after taxes -- that he 'll be approached with lots of investment offers , but the best investment would be in his children .	Powerball jackpot winner Pedro Quezada was ordered to child support The payment clears his record The three children will live with him , according to Quezada
CNN  Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson is about to be out of a job . Jackson and city officials in the St. Louis suburb have announced his resignation , effective March 19 . It 's the latest fallout after a Justice Department investigation slammed his department 's tactics . Speculation has swirled for months that Jackson would step down , and critics have pointed to several key points as signs that the police chief was in hot water . Here 's a look at some key moments leading up to his resignation : A police officer shoots and kills Michael Brown , an unarmed African-American teen . The incident exposes feelings of distrust between Ferguson 's black community and its Police Department , which is overwhelmingly white . Anger begins to simmer on that first day , when Brown 's body is n't removed from the street for four hours . Protests erupt . Among demonstrators ' demands : that the Police Department release the name of the officer who shot Brown . Jackson reveals the name of the officer who shot Brown , Darren Wilson . On that same day , the department releases surveillance video that he says shows Brown robbing a store . Jackson says he distributed the store videotape "  because the press asked for it , " noting he could n't withhold it indefinitely . The chief adds , "  we needed to release that at the same time we needed to release the name of the officer involved in the shooting , " though he does n't elaborate on why Critics accuse him of inflaming tensions rather than getting the situation under control . In a YouTube video , Jackson apologizes to Brown 's parents . "  I 'm truly sorry for the loss of your son . I 'm also sorry that it took so long to remove Michael from the street , " he said during his video statement . Investigators were doing "  important work " trying to uncover the truth and collect evidence during those four hours , Jackson said , but "  it was just too long , and I 'm truly sorry for that . " "  Overnight I went from being a small-town police chief to being part of a conversation about racism , equality and the role of policing in that conversation , " he says in the video . "  As chief of police , I want to be part of that conversation . I also want to be part of the solution . " That night , he meets with protesters , agreeing to march with them . But even that meeting turns ugly ; a scuffle breaks out and arrests are made . Jackson tells CNN 's Erin Burnett he plans to stay in his job as police chief . "  I intend to see this thing through . And I 've been working with a lot of community members to work on some progressive changes that will bring the community together and to open up dialogue and getting us all talking about serious issues and actually creating solutions to problems , " he says . "  So , yes , I think I can -- I think I can see this through and come out on the other side with the community , the region and even the country a whole lot better . " The Justice Department slams the Ferguson Police Department for tactics that federal investigators say targeted African-Americans . Investigators also find evidence of racist jokes being sent around by Ferguson police and court officials . Asked about his reaction to the report by CNN 's Sara Sidner , Jackson keeps mum , saying that he needs to analyze it further before he comments . Asked what he 'll do in response , he says he will "  take action as necessary . " The city says it has reached a deal for the police chief to resign , effective March 19 . Jackson confirms his resignation in a letter , saying "  it is with profound sadness that I am announcing I am stepping down . " In a text message response to CNN , Jackson says , "  It 's a really hard pill to swallow . " CNN 's Sara Sidner , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Dana Ford and Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson says he 's stepping down Critics accused him of raising tensions rather than calming the situation Jackson defended his department and vowed to work with the community
London  CNN  -- British-based satellite channel Sky Sports have sacked their top soccer pundit after he made sexist remarks about a female match official while working on a broadcast of an English Premier League game . Andy Gray , a former Scotland and Everton striker , made the comments about assistant referee Sian Massey prior to a match between Wolves and Liverpool on Saturday , not realizing his microphone was being recorded . Gray , 55 , said "  women do n't understand the offside rule , " while his colleague , presenter Richard Keys , said the game had "  gone mad . " The pair were suspended by Sky Sports on Monday , but on Tuesday it was confirmed Gray had been axed after new evidence of sexist behavior relating to an incident in December was released by the channel . A statement read : "  Sky Sports today terminated its contract with Andy Gray . The decision , which is effective immediately , was made in response to new evidence of unacceptable and offensive behavior . "  The new evidence , relating to an off-air incident that took place in December 2010 , came to light after Andy Gray had already been subjected to disciplinary action for his comments of 22 January 2011 . " Barney Francis , managing director of Sky Sports , said : "  Andy Gray 's contract has been terminated for unacceptable behavior . After issuing a warning yesterday , we have no hesitation in taking this action after becoming aware of new information today . " Sky Sports reporter Andy Burton , who joked to Gray that Massey was "  a bit of a looker " prior to the match has also been suspended . Keys subsequently telephoned Massey , who accepted the presenter 's apology . During the game , Massey made the correct call when she allowed Liverpool 's opening goal in their 3-0 victory to stand , judging a player had been onside . The 25-year-old was due to officiate an English third division match on Tuesday night but was withdrawn by the Professional Games Match Officials . A statement read : "  Sian is an excellent professional who has unwittingly found herself in the middle of a story that has nothing to do with her competence as a match official . "  Sian only wants to be notable for her performance as an assistant referee and is keen for things to get back to normal so she can return to officiating as soon as possible . " Prior to Saturday 's game , Massey has been an assistant referee at international matches -- the highest level of the sport -- since 2009 , world soccer 's governing body FIFA says . England 's Football Association  FA  said it was "  proud to have some of the world 's best match officials , both male and female . " More than 800 women are qualified to be referees in England , the FA added , saying "  all of our female match officials act as fantastic ambassadors for the game . " Of the major European footballing nations , Germany leads the way for registered female referees with 2,489 , according to UEFA . Italy is next with 1,453 and England third with 853 . But no female referee has ever taken charge of a top-flight match in the English Premier League , Italy 's Serie A , the German Bundesliga or Spain 's La Liga , their roles restricted to assistant referee status . Keys also made critical remarks about Karren Brady , the vice-chairman of EPL side West Ham , who had complained about sexism in a Saturday newspaper . "  See charming Karren Brady this morning complaining about sexism ? Yeah . "  Do me a favor , love , " he added .	NEW : Sky Sports soccer pundit Andy Gray has been sacked by the broadcaster Gray and colleague Richard Keys made sexist remarks about a female assistant referee The pair did n't know their microphones were live Presenter Keys has been suspended along with another reporter
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Negotiations between the United States and Libya that could result in compensation for past acts of state-sponsored terrorism by Libya are under way , a senior State Department official said Friday . The wreckage of Pan Am 103 in Lockerbie , Scotland ; the bombing killed 270 people in 1989 . U.S. and Libyan officials met Wednesday and Thursday , the official said . The nations hope to hammer out a deal in which Libya would "  resolve all outstanding claims in good faith " and offer "  fair compensation " to victims and their families , he said . "  We are just at the beginning of this process . The goal is to get something that is fair and comprehensive , " the official said . The official said that any agreement would cover about eight acts , including the 1989 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , which killed 259 passengers and 11 people on the ground ; and the 1986 bombing of the La Belle disco in Berlin , Germany , that killed two people and injured at least 120 , including 40 Americans . Outstanding terrorism claims have been a problem for Libya in its attempts to normalize relations with the United States and to begin development of its oil resources . Libya has expressed disappointment that it has failed to reap any political and economic benefits promised by the U.S. government and others after Libya renounced terrorism and stopped development of weapons of mass destruction . And some of the largest U.S. oil companies are eager to begin exploration and development of Libya oil fields , among the 10 largest in the world . The new negotiations and development of an agreement would ideally fulfill all outstanding lawsuits against Libya and allow investment to move forward . A joint U.S.-Libyan statement said , "  Both parties affirm their desire to work together to resolve all outstanding claims in good faith and expeditiously in the establishment of a fair compensation mechanism . "	Nations hoping for deal in which Libya would compensate terrorism victims Eights acts would be covered in possible agreement Libya has tried to normalize relations with U.S. by renouncing terrorism U.S. oil companies want to explore and develop Libya 's oil fields
Another member of state-funded Russia Today made waves on Wednesday -- not by standing behind Moscow , as the news network is wont to do , but by bucking it . From the anchor chair , Liz Wahl closed a show -- as seen in video which she later tweeted -- talking about the "  ethical and moral challenges " she faces working for Russia Today , also known as RT. . She spoke of being from a family who fled to America to escape Soviet forces during the 1956 Hungarian revolution , being the daughter of a U.S. military veteran and being the partner of a physician who works at a U.S. military base . "  And that is why , personally , I can not be part of a network funded by the Russian government that whitewashes the actions of Putin , " Wahl said , referring to Russian President Vladimir Putin . "  I 'm proud to be an American and believe in disseminating the truth , " she added . "  And that is why , after this newscast , I 'm resigning . " Not that she would 've necessarily lasted much longer , after her comments . In a statement , RT said , "  When a journalist disagrees with the editorial position of his or her organization , the usual course of action is to address those grievances with the editor , and , if they can not be resolved , to quit like a professional . " "  But when someone makes a big public show of a personal decision , it is nothing more than a self-promotional stunt , " said the network . Talking Wednesday night to CNN 's Anderson Cooper , Wahl said the idea she did this "  for personal gain ... could n't be farther from the truth . " She said she 'd "  hesitated to speak on this for a while for fear of repercussion , " but decided to act now based on her belief "  the propagandist nature of RT  had come  out in full force " over its coverage of the Ukraine crisis . "  RT is not about the truth ; it 's about promoting a Putinist agenda , " Wahl told CNN . "  And I can tell you firsthand , it 's about bashing America . " Wahl , who characterizes herself as a Filipina-Hungarian-American and RT America correspondent on her Twitter feed , became the second personality from Russia Today to defiantly , publicly challenge the government that effectively signs their paychecks . Her resignation announcement did n't explicitly mention the crisis in Ukraine , though she mentioned it later in her CNN interview . Backed by Western diplomats , officials in that Eastern European nation claim that Russian troops have violated their sovereignty by effectively invading the Crimean peninsula . Putin , meanwhile , has denied sending any more of his country 's troops into the country , or that any of the up to 25,000 troops who are stationed there have played any part in the standoff , according to the state-run RIA Novosti news agency . But that situation is central to RT 's coverage , which leans toward Moscow 's point of view . On Wednesday , for instance , its website featured stories with headlines such as "  Kiev snipers hired by Maidan leaders , " " ` Cold War stereotypes ' : Russia condemns NATO plan " and "  Questions on Ukraine the West chooses not to answer . " Two days ago , another RT personality -- Abby Martin -- referred directly to "  Russia 's military occupation of Crimea " while seemingly going off this pro-Russia script at the end of her "  Breaking the Set " program . News anchor : ` What Russia did is wrong ' "  I ca n't stress enough how strongly I am against any state intervention in a sovereign nation 's affairs , " said Martin , a California native who , like Wahl , is based in Washington . "  What Russia did is wrong . " While Martin refused to "  defend military aggression , " she did n't leave RT. . In fact , she returned to the air the following night and was n't even reprimanded , according to the network . As RT noted in a statement , Martin called it "  kind of a sad commentary that " -- while she 's regularly spoken out against military intervention -- "  my only criticism of Russia 's actions was picked up " by the media . On Wednesday night , Wahl said she 'd recently become upset over portions of one of her interviews being cut , what she called a "  very dangerous " segment on neo-Nazi elements among the Ukrainian opposition and "  very , very loaded " questions being planted by RT 's management . "  I felt that I could no longer work here and go on television and tell the American people that this is what 's happening and have it pose as news , " Wahl said . "  It 's something that I do n't feel comfortable with . " Leaked call raises questions about who was behind sniper attacks in Ukraine Both Wahl and Martin 's remarks shined a spotlight on what exactly RT is -- in terms of its purpose and its viewpoint , especially for its U.S.-based , English-language programming . The Russian foreign ministry 's website points to the network as a top media source . And the Columbia Journalism Review says it is best "  known as an extension of former President Vladimir Putin 's confrontational foreign policy . " In its statement on Martin , the network said that "  RT journalists and hosts are free to express their own opinions . " What makes Martin 's comments different from those of Wahl , according to RT , is that the former "  spoke in the context of her own talk show , to the viewers who have been tuning in for years to hear her opinions on current events , the opinions that most media did not care about until two days ago . " "  For years , Ms. Martin , has been speaking out against U.S. military intervention only to be ignored by the mainstream news outlets , " RT added . "  But with that one comment , branded as an act of defiance , she became an overnight sensation . " The network then seemed to suggest that Wahl -- who cheered Martin as "  my girl " after her commentary -- paid attention to all the hoopla . "  It is a tempting example to follow , " RT said . Wahl said many who do follow the lead of network management -- the senior members of which are in Moscow -- are young , "  inexperienced " and "  eager to please " their bosses . "  Eventually , you learn what management likes , what management dislikes , " she said . " ... They kind of make sure the narrative is delivered in one way or another . " MAP : How Ukraine is divided	Liz Wahl says RT is about "  promoting a Putinist agenda , "  bashing America " Wahl quits state-funded RT on-air , saying she believes in "  disseminating the truth " Fellow RT personality Abby Martin had slammed "  Russia 's military occupation of Crimea " But Martin is still with RT , having made her remarks "  in the context of her own ... show "
CNN  -- Was it George Zimmerman or Trayvon Martin who screamed for help the night the 17-year-old Martin was shot dead ? That could depend on which mother the jury believes . Both Zimmerman 's and Martin 's mothers expressed no hesitation Friday in separate court appearances as to whose panicked voice is heard screaming during a 911 call from that February 26 , 2012 , night in Sanford , Florida : Each said it was her son . That contradiction -- with Sybrina Fulton insisting it was her son , Trayvon , who cried out , while Gladys Zimmerman said it was her son , George , who was yelling after being attacked by the teen -- was central to Friday 's court proceedings , and central to the second-degree murder case unfolding in central Florida . Zimmerman has pleaded not guilty and claimed he shot the teenager in self-defense . The 911 call played twice in court on Friday , his lawyers claim , back up their assertion that it was Martin , and not their client , who was the aggressor . Testifying late Friday afternoon , Gladys Zimmerman said she was sure George was the one yelling . Why ? "  Because he 's my son . " She answered "  all of the above " when asked whether she had ever before heard her George Zimmerman laugh loudly or cry out for help . This instance , though , Gladys Zimmerman admits was different . "  I have n't heard him like that before , " she said as her son wiped away tears in the courtroom . "  The anguish , the way that he is screaming it describes to me anguish , fear , I would say terror . " Contrast that to the very different story offered a few hours earlier by Sybrina Fulton , who was stoic as prosecutor Bernie de la Rionda played the 911 call . When asked whether she recognized the screaming voice , the mother -- who earlier stated that her son was "  in heaven " -- said it was that of "  Trayvon Benjamin Martin . " Trayvon Martin shooting : Fast Facts Defense attorney Mark O'Mara followed up by asking her , "  As his mother , there was no doubt it was him screaming ? " She replied : "  Absolutely . " O'Mara then raised the possibility her son , not Zimmerman , was to to blame . "  You certainly hope , as a mom , that your son Trayvon Martin would not have done anything that led to his death , correct ? " he asked . "  What I hoped for , " said Fulton , "  is that nothing happened and he 'd still be here . That 's my hope . " Parents ' comments pivotal , or do they cancel each other ? More than a year ago , the tale of what happened between Trayvon Martin and George Zimmerman captured the nation 's attention and shone a spotlight on gun laws as well as race -- given that Martin is African-American , while Zimmerman is Hispanic . Moreover , the case prompted some to question Florida 's "  Stand Your Ground " law , which gives a person facing a "  presumption of fear of death or great bodily harm " extra protections should they respond with force instead of retreat . Ultimately , Zimmerman chose not to utilize that specific defense . The trial kicked off nearly two weeks ago with impassioned opening arguments . The prosecution suggested Zimmerman , whom they painted as a neighborhood watch volunteer who overstepped his bounds , had "  profiled " Martin because he was black . They called to the stand the 911 dispatcher who told Zimmerman not to follow Martin , though he did anyway . Then there were crime scene and autopsy photos . And of course , there was the testimony of Rachel Jeantel , who said she 'd been on the phone with her friend Trayvon Martin in the minutes before his death . She testified that she 'd heard Martin call out , "  Why are you following me for ? " and then say , "  Get off , " before their call was cut off . Jeantel has been described as the defense 's star witness . That may still be true . But in many ways , Friday was the most emotional and potentially pivotal day in the trial to date . O'Mara is n't disputing that latter assertion . He told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin on Friday night that "  once the jury decides who was screaming for help  on the 911 call  , if they can , I think everything else falls in line . " Speaking to CNN , O'Mara says he does n't dispute that Fulton genuinely believes it was her son 's voice . But so does Gladys Zimmerman of her own son , the defense lawyer says , arguing that "  all the other evidence would suggest " that the screaming voice is indeed that of George Zimmerman . And even if not everyone sees it that say , O'Mara opined , it 's possible each woman 's testimony may cancel each other out . Opinion : Can Zimmerman win over the jurors ? "  I think the jury is going to look at this and say both of these women just have to live with the belief that it is , in fact , their son , " O'Mara said . "  And they are going to make a determination not based on what each mom says , but on the other evidence . " Daryl Parks , a lawyer for Martin 's family , did n't entirely disagree -- telling CNN that he did n't think the case ultimately "  is going to hinge on whose voice you 're hearing . " The six jurors , all women , will weigh both mother 's credibility , others ' testimony and a host of evidence . When all the testimony and presentations are over , Parks said , he expects they 'll agree on a verdict : guilty . He said , "  At the end of the day , we do not believe that George Zimmerman had to pull out a gun and shoot Trayvon Martin in the heart . " Defense challenges medical examiner Sybrina Fulton and Gladys Zimmerman were n't the only members of their respective families to take the stand Friday . Jahvaris Fulton , Martin 's older brother , testified Friday morning about the voice on the 911 call . The 22-year-old college student said he was certain that it was his brother , even as he added that he had "  heard him  Martin  yell " before , but "  not like that . " Hours later , it was Jorge Meza 's turn . He testified right after Zimmerman 's mother . A deputy sheriff in Orange County -- which is just south of Sanford , both in central Florida -- he 's also George Zimmerman 's uncle . He said he originally heard the 911 call on TV and without any further information or prompts , immediately recognized his nephew 's voice . The other highlight of Friday 's court proceedings was the testimony of Voluscia and Seminole County associate medical examiner Shiping Bao . In Zimmerman 's trial , it 's a jury of millions Bao said the muzzle of Zimmerman 's gun was likely in loose contact with Martin 's clothing , indicating that the teen was shot at close range . In testimony that at times turned contentious , Bao also said Martin did not die right away after the gunshot . "  I believe he was alive for one to 10 minutes after he was shot . His heart was bleeding until there was no blood left , " the medical examiner said as autopsy photos lingered on a courtroom screen , adding that Martin was "  suffering  and  in pain . " "  There is no chance he could survive . Zero . " During a contentious cross-examination , defense attorney Don West expressed doubts about the condition of Martin 's body and clothing when it was examined , noting the victim was not moved from the scene for about three hours . Bao would not confirm that timeline -- despite West 's repeated attempts to have him do so -- because he said he was not there . As the two disputed Bao 's ability to establish a timeline , Judge Nelson interjected , telling the witness to "  please stop speaking so Mr. West can ask the next question . " Prepared notes that Bao was reading from also drew West 's attention . When asked about them , Bao said , "  I typed out potential answers to your potential questions . " Bao objected to sharing his notes , telling the judge that they were private and no one had seen them . Despite his protests , Nelson allowed the papers to be copied and reviewed by lawyers from both sides . The notes revealed that Bao had changed his mind about a couple of issues : the amount of time Martin survived after being shot and whether the marijuana in the teenager 's system was enough to affect him . West argued that the prosecution knew about these changes but did n't tell the defense . But Bao insisted that he did not tell anyone that he 'd changed his opinion . The defense attorney pressed Bao , too , on the collection of Martin 's clothes and scraping of his fingernails . The medical examiner , though , said he could n't remember each detail and that he 'd trusted that his technicians properly followed procedures . Late in Friday 's court proceedings , O'Mara made his pitch for acquittal -- arguing that Zimmerman acted in self-defense ; there was no direct evidence of ill will , hatred or spite surrounding Martin 's killing ; and that it was still unclear who could be heard screaming on the 911 call . There is "  no other reasonable hypothesis " for what happened , the defense attorney argued , besides self-defense . The judge , though , denied the motion -- after which , around 5 p.m. , the prosecution formally rested its case . CNN 's Mariano Castillo and HLN 's Grace Wong contributed to this report .	NEW : A defense lawyer says other evidence , not the 911 call , will determine the case NEW : A lawyer for Martin 's family says he thinks the jury will find Zimmerman guilty Gladys Zimmerman says she knows the panicked voice is that of her son Earlier , Trayvon Martin 's morther said that it her son 's voice on the 911 call
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama told his war council Wednesday that the U.S. troop commitment to Afghanistan is not open-ended , and he asked for revisions to options he previously received for sending more troops , a senior administration official told CNN . The war council -- made up of top Cabinet , Pentagon and administration officials -- met with Obama for the eighth time to discuss a request by the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan for up to 40,000 more troops . The meeting lasted more than two hours , according to the senior administration official . "  The president and his team discussed the length of time that it would take to implement the options he 's been presented , " the senior official said . "  The president believes that we need to make clear to the Afghan government that our commitment is not open-ended . After years of substantial investments by the American people , governance in Afghanistan must improve in a reasonable period of time to ensure a successful transition to our Afghan partner . " In particular , Obama pushed for revisions in proposed plans for troop increases to clarify how and when U.S. troops would turn over responsibility to the Afghan government , the official said . The president 's questions at the meeting could change how many troops eventually are sent to Afghanistan , as well as how long they would be there , according to the senior administration official . Before the meeting , Gen. David Petraeus , the top U.S. military commander in the Middle East , said the meeting would continue evaluating how best to carry out the mission in Afghanistan . Petraeus provided no specifics on options under consideration , but said the process is approaching completion . "  I think we are indeed nearing a decision on this very important topic , " he said , emphasizing the need to focus on the mission of ensuring that Afghanistan "  does not once again become a sanctuary or safe haven for al Qaeda and the kind of transnational extremists that carried out the 9/11 attacks . " Earlier , a senior administration official and a U.S. military official independently told CNN that one option presented to Obama calls for sending about 34,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan in addition to the 68,000 already committed to the country . The military official said the plan would send three U.S. Army brigades , totaling about 15,000 troops ; a Marine brigade of about 8,000 troops ; a headquarters element of about 7,000 troops ; and 4,000 to 5,000 support troops . The combat brigades would be brought in gradually , in three-month intervals , according to the military official . The troops would be spread across the country , mainly focusing in the south and southeast , where much of the fighting is , according to the official . The military official said the option has been a favorite at the Pentagon in recent weeks . That is only one option , the senior administration official emphasized . Three other options , the official said , would be "  different mixes , " or "  different components of it . " The senior administration official said Obama was expected to ask the war council meeting about cooperation the United States can expect from the government of Afghan President Hamid Karzai , civilian support the United States is willing to offer , and support the United States can expect from other countries . On Wednesday night , The Washington Post and The New York Times reported that concerns have been raised recently by the U.S. Ambassador in Kabul about Karzai 's ability to rid his country 's government of corruption and mismanagement . All those factors could lead to "  further refinements " or some "  greater elements being considered , " the official said , adding : "  He 's got to fine-tune this , put it all together ... for what direction best advances our interests . " Despite reports to the contrary , Obama has not decided the number of U.S. troops he will send to Afghanistan , White House officials said . Such reports are "  absolutely false , " Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said . Anyone who suggests otherwise , "  does n't have , in all honesty , the slightest idea what they 're talking about . " White House officials would not say whether Wednesday 's meeting with the war council would be Obama 's last with that group before deciding on Afghanistan . They said he would continue to discuss the war effort in smaller groups in coming days , including during his trip to Asia , which starts Thursday . Republican members of the Senate Armed Services Committee urged Obama in a letter sent Wednesday -- Veterans Day -- to agree to the request for additional troops by U.S. military leaders in Afghanistan . The letter , signed by 10 GOP committee members , said success in Afghanistan will require local leaders and citizens being able to govern and secure their own country without "  substantial " international assistance . "  This wo n't be perfect or easy , but it will allow America 's fighting men and women to leave Afghanistan with honor , and it will enable Afghans to build a better , more peaceful future , " the letter said . "  That is our goal , and we must stay in the fight until is is won . " Republican leaders have criticized Obama for taking so long to decide on the troop request , but Petraeus said the process of analyzing the situation has been "  very useful . " "  There has been a refinement of objectives ; there has been discussion of various courses of action , " he said . "  There have been explanations and discussions about how the civilian component of this will complement what is done by the work of our military troops . All in all , I think it has been a very productive couple of months that we have spent on this . " Also Wednesday , a new national poll showed Americans are split over whether Obama is taking too long to decide whether to send more U.S. troops to the war in Afghanistan . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey also indicated that , by a narrow margin , Americans think the president should listen to the recommendations of the generals in charge of U.S. troops in Afghanistan . According to the survey , 49 percent of people questioned say the president is taking too long to decide whether to increase U.S. troop levels in Afghanistan ; 50 percent do not . "  There is a gender gap on this question , with most men saying Obama is taking too long and most women willing to give him more time , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . "  That 's due in part to the partisan differences between men and women , but gender differences on the use of military force , and maybe even differences in how the genders make important decisions , can also be contributing to the split . " The poll indicates that 52 percent think Obama should listen to the generals , with 48 percent saying the president should take other matters into account as well . But a troop buildup remains unpopular , with a separate question indicating that a majority opposes sending more troops . Roughly one in five Americans opposes more troops , yet also thinks that Obama should pay attention to the U.S. military leaders in that country , Holland said . "  That suggests that a lot of people who do n't support a troop build-up are unaware of Gen. Stanley McChrystal 's request for a bigger U.S. military presence there , " he said . "  And that , in turn , indicates that the military leaders in the field might provide Obama some political cover if he decides to increase troop strength there . " The poll also suggests widespread agreement among Americans that Afghanistan will never have a stable democratic government , with only one in 10 people questioned saying that will occur within a year , and one-third saying it will ever happen . Overall , 56 percent of Americans oppose sending more troops , while 42 percent favor increasing troop strength . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted October 30-November 1 , with 1,018 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for the overall sample . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser and Tom Cohen contributed to this story .	Obama discusses options with war council Wednesday afternoon One confirmed option calls for sending about 34,000 U.S. troops to Afghanistan Discussions include how Afghan President Hamid Karzai figures into strategy Obama has not decided the number of U.S. troops he will send , White House officials say
Berlin  CNN  -- Europe 's top human rights watchdog has urged Germany to stop offering sexual offenders the option of surgical castration . The Council of Europe 's anti-torture committee said in a report issued Wednesday that the practice , which aims to help convicted sex criminals rein in their sex drives and lower their risk of reoffending , could easily be regarded as "  degrading treatment . " According to Germany 's 1969 Law on Voluntary Castration , a person over the age of 25 may be subjected to surgical castration if he "  displays an abnormal sex drive , which ... gives reason to suspect that he will commit one or more criminal offenses . " The controversial procedure is not mandatory and a consensual offender can only have the operation after being informed of all the implications of the decision and after medical approval has been obtained , Germany said in its response , adding that it would consider reviewing the issue . But Berlin also cited the treatment 's effectiveness , saying that of the 104 people who underwent the procedure in the 1970s , only three people committed sexual crimes again . Nearly half of the 53 others who refused or were denied treatment eventually reoffended . Voluntary castration is still very rare in Germany , with fewer than five cases per year in the last decade . The only other country in the 47-nation bloc of the Council of Europe that offers the process is the Czech Republic , which has also been the subject of criticism in recent years for allowing sex offenders to opt for castration , a procedure it uses far more frequently than Germany .	The Council of Europe says surgical castration may qualify as "  degrading treatment " The procedure is voluntary for sex offenders in Germany The Czech Republic is the only other member of the Council of Europe to perform the procedure
Tribune Media Services  -- Frank Santa Maria buys two tickets to Italy on Expedia . But when an agent misspells his wife 's name , he must embark on an odyssey to ensure she 'll be allowed to use her tickets . Will he be successful ? Q : I recently bought tickets to Italy by calling Expedia . I spelled my wife 's first name to the agent . That afternoon we left town for a trip . When we returned the tickets were at the front door and a confirmation e-mail was waiting . My wife 's first name was spelled Crista instead of Christa . I immediately called Expedia , and was told I should have contacted them the day the e-mail was sent to me and that there would be a $ 150 re-ticketing fee . After several more calls and being put on "  hold " for more than half an hour , a supervisor told me that there was nothing they could do . They could n't even change the name on the ticket . I contacted the airline directly and they told me they would make a note on my wife 's passenger record . My wife 's tickets are still wrong and I 'm afraid we may have a problem with our connecting airline or with customs . What can I do ? -- Frank Santa Maria , New Braunfels , Texas A : Expedia should have spelled your wife 's name correctly . When it was clear that the company had made an error , it should have done everything in its power to fix it instead of giving you the runaround and forcing you to deal directly with your airline . Then again , it should have never come to this . First , why are you phoning an online travel agency to buy tickets ? It may be more convenient , but online agencies are built to handle your purchases online . It 's more efficient and reduces the chance of an error being introduced -- like misspelling a passenger 's name . Second , you should always check your verification e-mail immediately . Expedia could have made a change to your ticket if you had caught the mistake earlier . It 's essential that you review your itinerary as soon as possible . Believe me , I know . I just made this mistake and had to spend an extra day at my destination because I put the wrong date in my reservation .  See ? It can happen to anyone . I 've dealt with too many wrong-name cases to count , and here are a few things I 've learned . Passengers are n't turned away at the gate because of a typographical error on their tickets . Reservations systems have limitations that sometimes truncate last names or render non-English names in funny characters . Last names and first names are frequently flip-flopped . Ticket agents , gate agents and security screeners know that , and will let you through . I have n't heard of anyone being denied boarding because of a one-character difference in a name . I 'm reasonably sure your wife would have been allowed to travel using her ticket , even if this had happened after the May 15 implementation of the first phase of the Transportation Security Administration 's "  Secure Flight " initiative , which requires that you provide your full name as it appears on your government-issued identification . Incidentally , the "  notation " in her reservation would have almost certainly been visible to any connecting airline . And a customs agent would n't even pay attention to your ticket under normal circumstances . It 's your customs form and passport that matter to them . Next time you buy tickets by phone -- and I hope there 's no next time -- do yourself a big favor : When you offer your name to the agent , ask to have it spelled back . That way , you 'll catch any errors before the transaction goes through . Once you have a reservation , it becomes much more difficult  or even impossible  to make a change . It should n't be that way . In an ideal world , you 'd be able to change a name on a ticket . Airlines say they ca n't allow name changes for "  security reasons " but I 'm inclined to believe it has more to do with the fact that they would lose lots of money if passengers could give their tickets to friends and family . Or resell them . I contacted Expedia on your behalf , and it issued a new ticket with your wife 's name spelled correctly . Christopher Elliott is the ombudsman for National Geographic Traveler magazine . E-mail him at celliott@ngs.org . Copyright 2009 CHRISTOPHER ELLIOTT , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Passenger purchased airline tickets from Expedia by phone When he received the tickets , his wife 's name was misspelled Troubleshooter urged him to purchase online and to verify information Expedia issued a corrected ticket when contacted by the Troubleshooter
Aaron Hernandez was destined to be a football superstar and was already one of the NFL 's most promising tight ends . But less than a year after signing a $ 40 million contract extension with the football powerhouse New England Patriots , he was charged with first-degree murder . Two hours after his arrest on June 26 , 2013 , the Patriots dropped him from the team . Hernandez , then 23 , pleaded not guilty in the slaying of Odin Lloyd and is being held in a Massachusetts jail without bail . Hernandez has also been charged in the slayings of two other men , and some of his closest associates are facing serious charges in connection with the alleged crimes . Friends and fans alike wonder : How could the star player who had more than 900 receiving yards in 2011 now be accused of murdering three people ? From ` golden boy ' to behind bars Long before Hernandez made national headlines , he was a standout athlete in Bristol , Connecticut , who came from a family described as a local sports dynasty . "  I do n't think there was another family that was more familiar in Bristol , " Bob Montgomery , who covers high school sports for the Bristol Press , told CNN . The young Hernandez was the "  golden boy , " playing football , basketball and running track , following in the footsteps of his uncle , older brother and father -- all well-known athletes in the community . Hernandez 's father constantly pushed his son , requiring him to practice for hours before he could go out with friends . "  I saw a closeness with them that I 'd never seen before , " Montgomery said of the relationship between Hernandez and his father . But his father , the man who kept the 16-year-old anchored , died from complications after a routine surgery . Hernandez left high school halfway through his senior year in January 2007 to join the University of Florida Gators , and trouble seemed to follow . In just his first semester , a police report says Hernandez got into a fight at an off-campus restaurant , sucker-punching the manager and rupturing his eardrum . The following fall , there was a shooting near a local club . Police reports link Hernandez and several other University of Florida football players to an argument in the parking lot . Hernandez was one of more than 20 people interviewed by police , and he was the only one who did not make a statement after invoking his right to counsel . At the time , Hernandez 's mother told the Orlando Sentinel newspaper , "  I know he was at the club , but he never saw any shooting . " The case remains open , and no one has been charged . Hernandez was also suspended at least once for marijuana , an issue that would follow him as he entered the draft his junior year . Trying to put the alleged drug use behind him , Hernandez wrote a letter to the Patriots ' director of personnel . "  If you draft me as a member of the New England Patriots , I will willfully submit to a bi-weekly drug test throughout my rookie season . ... In addition , I will tie any guaranteed portion of my 2010 compensation to these drug tests and reimburse the team a pro-rata amount for any failed drug test , " he wrote , according to the Boston Globe . Before the draft , Hernandez was expected to be a first or second round pick . He was passed over until the fourth round , when the Patriots selected him . By the end of the second season , he was a bona fide star , inking the five-year contract extension worth $ 40 million . One month before signing the deal , however , he was partying at a Boston club . That same night , two men from the club were found dead . Did spilled drink lead to slaying ? Investigators allege Hernandez shot and killed Daniel Abreu and Safiro Furtado on July 16 , 2012 , because one bumped into him on a nightclub dance floor and spilled his drink . District Attorney Patrick Haggan described the scene in a Massachusetts courtroom in May , saying Hernandez became "  angered and increasingly agitated , particularly after Mr. Abreu smiled and did not apologize . " Prosecutors : Bump , spilled drink led to double homicide Hernandez 's friend tried to calm him down , and the pair walked outside and eventually entered a second club across the street , the prosecutor said . Court documents identify that friend as Alexander Bradley , who would go on to accuse Hernandez of shooting him in the eye in an incident that would take place seven months later . After leaving the second nightclub , Hernandez and the friend returned to their SUV and pulled over on a nearby street where Hernandez removed a revolver from the engine block , Haggan said . Hernandez began trailing Abreu , Furtado and three of their friends in his SUV , authorities said . He then pulled up to the victims ' car at a red light and leaned out the driver 's side window with a loaded revolver , Haggan told the court . Hernandez allegedly said , "  Yo , what 's up now , " followed by a racial slur , and fired at least five rounds from a .38 - caliber revolver , Haggan said . Abreu , the driver , was shot several times and fatally hit in the chest . Furtado was sitting in the front passenger seat and suffered multiple gunshot wounds , including one to the head , Haggan said . Hernandez was charged in the double homicide just last month , and he pleaded not guilty . Investigators found evidence they believe links him to the 2012 slayings while investigating an entirely different case -- the slaying of Odin Lloyd . Do tattoos provide clues ? The killing of Odin Lloyd In the early hours of June 17 , 2013 , Lloyd was shot seven times . The semi-pro football player 's body was found by a jogger the next afternoon in an industrial park in North Attleboro , Massachusetts . Lloyd , who was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fiancee , had been partying with Hernandez just before his death , his friends told CNN . Lloyd 's mother : ` Talking to my son in the ground ' Prosecutors say Lloyd was last seen with Hernandez and Hernandez 's two associates , Carlos Ortiz and Ernest Wallace , around 2:30 a.m. in a rented silver Nissan Altima . Surveillance video from security cameras at an industrial park showed an Altima heading toward a secluded area at 3:22 a.m. . At the same time , chilling text messages from Lloyd 's phone were sent to his sister telling her he was with "  Nfl , " adding , "  just so u know . " Between 3:23 and 3:27 a.m. , workers nearby reported hearing gunshots . At 3:29 , a camera showed an Altima pulling into Hernandez 's driveway , about a half a mile from the death scene . Three people got out of the car , and Lloyd was not one of them . Nine days later , Hernandez was arrested and charged with first-degree murder and other weapon-related charges . He has pleaded not guilty . Investigators believe Hernandez 's simmering anger over two incidents at a nightclub and his apartment led him to allegedly kill Lloyd two nights later , CNN has learned . One of the incidents involved Lloyd seeing guns and ammunition stored at Hernandez ' so-called flop house , his apartment in Franklin , Massachusetts . The other thing that set off Hernandez was a conversation Lloyd had with two men at a club earlier that night , June 14 , 2013 , a source tells CNN . The cumulative effect apparently reached a breaking point for reasons that most people would find inconsequential . The source would not say what that was , but compared it to something as insignificant as the spilled drink that allegedly led to the 2012 Boston double slaying . Lloyd 's killing did not involve possible knowledge of that double slaying as investigators previously considered , the source added . In April , Ortiz and Wallace were also charged in Lloyd 's slaying . They , too , have pleaded not guilty . Life in a jail cell Today , Hernandez is behind bars in a 7-by-10 foot cell . Sheriff Thomas Hodgson , who runs the jail where Hernandez is incarcerated , says he has talked to inmate No. 174954 at length . Hernandez , Hodgson says , spends his time reading the Bible and another book he suggested , "  Tuesdays With Morrie . " Hernandez taken from jail cell and moved briefly to hospital Hodgson has encouraged Hernandez to turn to his childhood anchor , his late father . The father-son relationship has come up in their conversations and could have played a role in his checkered past . "  His dad clearly kept him grounded , " Hodgson said . "  When you lose that person and there 's no one there to help you process it in a healthy way , at 16 you 're going to reach out to anybody that 's older than you to deal with it . " Even behind bars , Hernandez has found trouble . He has been accused of getting into a physical altercation with another inmate and is facing charges of assault and threatening a guard 's life . That 's on top of three murder charges , the lawsuit claiming he shot his friend in the face and three civil suits from the families of his alleged victims , among other things . New England Patriots added to wrongful death suit As for the Lloyd case , Hernandez 's lawyers contend the circumstantial evidence is full of gaps . "  There 's certainly a lot of what I would call smoke . There 's no doubt about it , " defense lawyer Jamie Sultan said during a June 16 hearing . "  But that 's not probable cause that he committed murder . And you ca n't just throw a bunch of stuff against the wall and say that 's good enough . " No murder weapon has been found , and while at one point it seemed likely that Ortiz would be a key witness against Hernandez , there are now serious questions about his credibility . And the text Lloyd sent to his sister ? The jury may never hear about it . "  I expect the defense to say that this is hearsay , " legal analyst David Frank said . Hernandez 's lawyers and mother declined to be interviewed , but both predict he will be cleared . It 's a possibility that haunts Lloyd 's loved ones . "  That 's my biggest fear , " Michael Branch , Lloyd 's former coach and mentor , said . "  All it takes is one juror . "	Aaron Hernandez , former football star , is behind bars facing three murder charges Hernandez 's troubles surfaced in college , where he played for the Florida Gators His former friend also accuses him of shooting him in the eye Hernandez has pleaded not guilty in the killings
CNN  -- Jaycee Dugard filed a complaint against the federal government Thursday , seeking compensation for what she called its failures to track the man who held her captive for 18 years . The lawsuit was filed Thursday morning in the U.S. District Court for Northern California . This comes after the U.S. government "  summarily rejected " two requests from Dugard "  for private mediation in the case , " according to a press release from Nancy Seltzer and Associates , a Los Angeles-based public relations firm that represents the long-time kidnap victim . The U.S. Justice Department had no immediate comment Thursday , as it had not seen and thus did not know the details of the complaint , said spokesman Charles Miller . Dugard was 11 years old in 1991 , when she was abducted from the street in front of her South Lake Tahoe , California , home . Phillip and Nancy Garrido held her and the two daughters she gave birth to in subsequent years in a hidden compound of sheds and tarpaulins until they were found in 2009 . Phillip Garrido was convicted in the 1970s of kidnapping a 25-year-old woman and keeping her in a storage shed in Reno , Nevada , where he repeatedly raped her . He spent 11 years of his sentence in a Leavenworth , Kansas , federal penitentiary , then went to a halfway house and eventually was allowed to live with his mother at her Antioch , California , home . The federal government oversaw Phillip Garrido 's parole from when he got out of custody in 1988 through 1999 -- including the date in 1991 when Dugard was kidnapped -- after which responsibility shifted to California authorities . "  For nearly the entirety of their lives , ... Dugard and her two daughters were held captive , abused and irreparably damaged by a deranged and maniacal felon , Phillip Garrido , " the complaint begins . The court document sharply criticizes the federal government for releasing Phillip Garrido originally from prison in 1988 as well for what it calls its "  outrageous and inexcusable " handling of his case . "  Had federal parole authorities demonstrated a modicum of vigilance -- indeed , had they simply performed their duties and obligations as required by federal law and internal policies -- Jaycee and her daughters would not have been forced to endure a virtual lifetime of physical and mental abuse from a detonated ` time bomb , ' " the complaint states . No specific damages are requested in the complaint , and Dugard "  is not seeking money for herself " -- as any funds would go to her non-profit The JAYC Foundation , which gives support and services to families recovering from abductions and other traumatic services -- said the press release . "  We believe that the years of abuse experienced by Ms. Dugard are a direct result of the U.S. parole commission 's colossal blunders in the supervision of Mr. Garrido , " Dale Kinsella , part of the law firm of Kinsella , Weitzman , Iser , Kump and Aldisert , which filed the complaint on behalf of Dugard , said in a statement . A $ 20 million settlement was paid out in 2010 from the state of California . The press release on Dugard 's behalf notes those funds were shared between her and her children , as well as used for legal and other expenses . Moreover , it states "  the two governmental entities " -- meaning the state and federal governments -- "  committed separate , distinct and consecutive acts of negligence . " This past April , the Garridos pleaded guilty in El Dorado Superior Court . A judge sentenced Phillip Garrido to 431 years in prison after he pleaded guilty to one count of kidnapping and 12 counts of sexual assault . Nancy Garrido got 36 years to life in prison for her role in the crimes , including kidnapping and one count of rape by force . A few months later , in July , James Ware -- the chief federal judge for northern California , thus putting him in charge of the probation department there -- released a once-confidential report from the Administrative Office of the United States Court on Garrido 's case . It found no evidence that federal officers charged with overseeing Garrido over the years would have found Dugard by searching the premises . Still , the report called the handling of his case "  clearly substandard " and symptomatic of larger problems . "  The Garrido case is a significant reflection of the deficient practices in the probation office in the northern district of California , " the report said . "  The office had a track record of inadequate supervision  and  serious deficiences in operations . " After arriving in Antioch , Garrido was "  correctly categorized as a ` high risk ' offender ,  but  the probation office failed to supervise him accordingly . " The Administration Office said the case 's poor management was unsurprising , as the same federal agency had concluded in 2000 that the northern California probation office 's supervision of sex offenders was "  poor . " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Abuse is due to "  the U.S. parole commission 's colossal blunders , " a lawyer says Federal authorities oversaw Phillip Garrido 's parole between 1988 and 1999 He and his wife abducted Jaycee Dugard in 1991 and held her 18 years Dugard 's representative claims , in a release , that feds rejected two private mediation requests
London , England  CNN  -- It was the world 's first multinational company , a trading giant during the colonial rule of the Indian subcontinent . This week , The East India Co. is being reborn as a luxury brand -- under Indian ownership . Sanjiv Mehta , an Indian-born importer and entrepreneur , bought the intellectual property rights to the company in 2005 , after they had lain dormant for a century . His goal was to create a global luxury brand . His dream is realized in a new store off London 's high-end Regent Street , where the new East India Co. now sells gourmet tea , chocolate , coffee and gifts . "  Its name has a huge relationship with all that is high-end products , " Mehta said . The East India Co. began as a trading monopoly under Queen Elizabeth I in 1600 to ship commodities to the West from India , China and the Spice Islands , countering the clout of the Dutch , Spanish and Portuguese . At various times , the company controlled the trade in indigo dye , cotton , silk , opium and tea . The "  tea library " at the new store features more than 100 different types including green , black , herbal , and flavored teas . "  There would not be tea on the tables of London but for The East India Co. , " Mehta said . "  So , in a way , we own this category . " In time , the company and British colonialism became one and the same . It was the company 's tea that was dumped in Boston Harbor in 1773 , and the company once controlled Singapore and India . "  It brought all the exotic foods from the East to the West , " Mehta said . That idea is infused in the goods for sale at the store , from Japanese mustard to chocolate and biscuits flavored with sea salt and red peppercorns . The British crown slowly took control of the company 's routes , ports , currency and military , becoming the symbol of the British empire . In 1874 , the company ceased trading , prompting an obituary in The Times newspaper now inscribed in a marble table at the new store : "  It accomplished a work such as in the whole history of the human race no other company ever attempted , or is ever to attempt in the years to come . " The company 's name may also remind some of the illegal opium trade from China , and oppression and wars in India . Mehta , however , sees another side in his native India . "  The English language , the ports , the railway system , the civil system ... the bridges -- all was built by The East India Co. , " he said . "  So there 's a huge relationship between The East India Co. and various walks of life . It is not just food products . " Mehta said he has invested around $ 20 million in the company so far . He hopes to open more stores and launch leather goods , jewelry and home interiors , plans that will take an additional $ 100 million , he said .	Indian-born entrepreneur has relaunched The East India Co. . It now sells luxury food and gifts The East India Co. began as a trading monopoly in 1600
CNN  -- A majority of cocaine imported into Australia over the past two years came from Mexico , the Australian Crime Commission told CNN in a statement Thursday . "  This is in part due to the strong links ethnic South Americans and Mexicans have with cocaine producers in Colombia , Bolivia and Peru , " the commission said . The intelligence came from a "  comprehensive national picture of the overall illicit drug market , " which involved data collected by a multitude of agencies , according to the statement . Although the statement stopped short of naming the specific organized crime connection between Australia and Mexico , they said , "  opportunities brought by technology , by globalization ... and new information , brings with it opportunities for crime that were previously unimaginable . " "  We are also seeing more dispersed criminal networks , " the statement said . "  In addition , it may indicate more networking by criminal groups who are effectively subcontracting distribution rather than take the entire risk . " Cocaine consumption in Australia is increasing , according to authorities , with a total of 359 importations detected between 2008 and 2009 . "  Recent increases in cocaine arrests and reported use , as well as considerable seizures of the drug in recent years indicate potential expansion of the Australia cocaine market , " the statement said .	Cocaine consumption in Australia is increasing Australia says Mexico has increased drug activities over the past two years
CNN  -- For the second time in five months , Timbuktu 's treasured collection of ancient manuscripts is under threat . Earlier this year , it was thought that most of the 300,000 precious documents were destroyed by Islamic fundamentalists when the northern Mali conflict entered the fabled city . But as it turns out , only 4,000 documents were burned by the rebels . The rest were smuggled out of Timbuktu six months before the incursion by a team of local families who have long safeguarded their city 's famous library , often in their own homes . The evacuation of the Timbuktu manuscripts was led by local librarian Abdel Kader Haidra and U.S. based book preservation expert Stephanie Diakit , who recruited local citizens and couriers to help them move more than 1,000 trunks of manuscripts by donkey cart , bicycle and boats to a safe house in the south of Mali . Despite the dangers of the mission , both to the treasured texts and those involved in the evacuation , the vast majority of the manuscripts were saved , only to face a new threat . NEW : New fears for Timbuktu in Mali conflict The climate in the south of Mali is more humid than in Timbuktu and the fragile rag paper texts are now showing signs of mildew and rot . "  It would be the ultimate irony if all of these had survived the evacuation but had been destroyed because we do n't have the resources to archival box them and insert humidity traps for the period they are in exile , " said Diakit , who has now started a campaign to raise the estimated $ 7 million it will cost to rescue the manuscripts . The threat has been compounded , she said , by the pending rainy season in Mali which usually begins in the middle of June . Bamako , where the manuscripts are being held , has some of the country 's heaviest rain . Diakit is now calling on the global community to join the fight to save what she describes as an irreplaceable collection which includes works of poetry , fiction , commerce , medical theory and religious thought . "  Our ultimate goal is to return them to their home in Timbuktu , " said Diakit . But that wo n't happen , she said , unless the manuscripts can be protected now .	Most of 300,000 ancient documents smuggled away from Islamists in Timbuktu 1,000 trunks of manuscripts moved to a safe house in the south of Mali But climate there is more humid than in Timbuktu ; paper texts show rot Global community urged to help save irreplaceable collection
CNN  -- This week , President Obama announced policy measures to enhance the surveillance of oil futures markets . The president stressed that the new measures would not bring down gasoline prices overnight , but implied that they would lower gas prices in the long run because more oversight would deter market manipulation . There is universal agreement on the need to prevent the manipulation of oil prices , but the premise of this proposal could not be more mistaken . There is no evidence that rising crude oil prices were caused by market manipulation , and there is no reason to expect increased oversight to lower gas prices across America . This policy initiative confuses the increased financialization of oil futures markets in recent years with illegal activities such as market manipulation . Market manipulation occurs when traders herd the market into positions from which they can profit , resulting in excessively high oil prices . There is no evidence that the bulk of the financial investors taking positions in oil futures markets since 2003 have engaged in such activities . More generally , the Obama administration is mistaken in attributing high oil and gas prices to the presence of financial investors in oil futures markets . A popular view among pundits and policymakers has been that the sustained oil price increase between 2003 and mid-2008 could not possibly be explained by economic fundamentals , but must have been brought about by financial investors taking speculative positions in oil futures markets . Recent research has not been kind to this hypothesis . A large number of scientific studies have failed to produce any credible evidence that high oil and gas prices were caused by the presence of financial investors in oil futures markets . For example , seemingly compelling and widely cited data regarding the relative size of the financial market for oil and the physical volume of oil being consumed has been shown to be misleading . All indications are that the financial market is smaller than oil consumption when measured correctly . Equally importantly , studies based on financial data provided by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission shows that financial investors did not take the positions in oil futures markets commonly ascribed to them . For example , changes in index funds ' positions do not precede changes in the price of oil futures , but prices predict positions . Nor is there a systematic relationship between commonly discussed measures of speculation and movements of oil prices . Finally , price increases in commodity markets for which there are no futures exchanges are as large as price increases in the oil market . In fact , there are strong indications that recent oil price fluctuations were mainly associated with changes in the global business cycle . Notably , between 2003 and mid-2008 , global demand for oil increased faster than global oil production , resulting in a sustained increase in the price of oil . Much of the additional demand for oil came from emerging Asia . No nefarious speculators are required to explain this surge in the price of oil . Indeed , oil futures prices responded to much the same economic forces as prices in the physical market Notwithstanding widespread agreement on this explanation among oil market experts , policy makers have remained intrigued with the speculation hypothesis . The apparent reason is that this hypothesis seems to provide an easy alternative to less popular policies of energy conservation . In fact , the Obama administration 's approach to lowering gasoline prices is as impractical as the Republican proposal of bringing gasoline prices down by increasing U.S. oil production . Neither proposal recognizes that oil prices today are determined by the highest bidder in global oil markets . The unpleasant truth is that high prices at the pump are not likely to go away , short of another global recession . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lutz Kilian .	Obama announced proposal to increase surveillance of oil futures markets Lutz Kilian : Rise in oil prices -- and gas prices -- is not caused by market manipulation Kilian : Obama 's premise is wrong ; swings in oil prices caused by global business cycle Kilian : Unpleasant truth is that high prices at the pump are not likely to go away
CNN  -- Emmy-winning journalist Elizabeth Espinosa is getting a new voice -- and in a different language . For the first time in her career , the very American -- and half Mexican-Salvadoran -- journalist will be speaking to her fellow Angelenos in Spanish , as the host of CNN Latino 's new show "  Sin Limites , " an informative magazine-style show that will highlight her personal , relatable style while exploring issues affecting the Los Angeles community . "  It 's almost as if I 'm doing a reverse crossover , right ? I ca n't wait , " Espinosa , a weekend news anchor for KTLA , said in an interview . "  CNN en Espaol is doing something so unique and valuable for the Latino community . " CNN en Espaol launches CNN Latino on Monday in Los Angeles . The local Spanish-language custom bloc hopes to engage the newer generation of Latinos in the U.S. , who are comfortable switching back and forth between English and Spanish . As of now , "  Sin Limites " is the only original programming on CNN Latino and will air locally on KBEH-DT Channel 63 at 8 p.m. PT . The first 12 minutes of the show will be a live debate-style show . Experts and newsmakers from the U.S. and Latin America will join Espinosa every night to provide solutions , share different angles , and answer questions from the audience via social media . "  I understand what the Latino in Orange County is like as opposed to the Latino in San Bernardino . There are many levels of every immigration spectrum here . You have the ones that just got here and the ones that have been here for seven generations , " Espinosa said . "  We come in so many sizes , shapes and forms . I 'm that middle ground that understands both . " CNN en Espaol launching CNN Latino Espinosa did n't always have her heart set on journalism . With a full scholarship for law school in hand , she was well on her way to becoming an attorney , inspired by her younger brother 's medical malpractice case . But in the end , a law career was n't for her . "  I was going to live in such misery because I was n't going to be able to be the voice I wanted to be for this community , the way I wanted to be , " Espinosa explained . "  God really had a different path for me . Uno pone y Dios dispone , meaning ` Man proposes , God disposes . ' " Espinosa has been an advocate for the rights of the disabled and helps community groups and nonprofit organizations , such as Ability First and Heart of Los Angeles , known as HOLA . Growing up , Espinosa was the primary caretaker of her disabled younger brother , Christian , now 29 . Espinosa is 36 . "  As you can imagine , Christian has really changed my life . I do n't have children , but he 's a child to me , " Espinosa said . "  I think I was his mother in another life . He 's given me my humanity . I receive a source of strength from him . " Her story caught the attention of Oprah Winfrey , who selected her as one of the 10 finalists for OWN 's "  Your Own Show " contest in December 2012 . Espinosa was honored with an Emmy award for her 2007 special , "  Forgotten Footprints : The Hunted Children of Uganda . " She also produced and hosted a special report about disabled and abandoned children in El Salvador . Espinosa said she 's keeping her day job as KTLA 's weekend news anchor . "  Elizabeth is a passionate communicator , " said Cynthia Hudson , senior vice president and general manager of CNN en Espaol , in a statement . "  With her roots , her drive for communicating under-told stories and her journalistic accomplishments , she will lead destination programming for today 's multicultural and multilingual U.S. Hispanic generation . " Why CNN Latino will be different from every other Latino media outlet " ` Sin Limites ' will make a connection with you . Shows do well when viewers make a connection with the host . We 're going to cater to Hispanics because we are going to tackle issues they deal with , " explained Espinosa , "  Plus , you have a Latina host that was born and raised in the U.S. and understands both worlds . " CNN Latino 's first client is KBEH Los Angeles . The hope for the programming bloc is that it will expand into other markets outside of Los Angeles later this year . Elizabeth Espinosa may be available on a local channel in your city very soon .	CNN Latino welcomes Emmy-winning journalist Elizabeth Espinosa as new host For the first time Espinosa will be broadcasting to her fellow Angelenos in Spanish "  It 's almost as if I 'm doing a reverse crossover , right ? I ca n't wait , " says Espinosa CNN en Espaol launches CNN Latino on Monday in Los Angeles
CNN  -- Two British female activists were raped two days ago in the eastern city of Benghazi and four suspects have been arrested , Libyan officials said Thursday . In a statement posted on his official Facebook page , Libya 's Deputy Prime Minister Awad al-Barassi said the women , who are sisters , were kidnapped Tuesday and raped in front of their father . According to al-Barassi , the young women are British citizens who were born in Pakistan and were part of Turkish non-governmental organization IHH 's aid convoy to the Gaza Strip . Al-Barassi and Libya 's Interior Ministry said four men involved in the incident had been arrested and security forces in Benghazi were pursuing a fifth person . While al-Barassi said it was unclear whether the men were part of the "  revolutionary brigades " that serve under the country 's security ministries , the Interior Ministry blamed the incident on "  outlaws . " The Libyan state news agency LANA , quoting security sources in Benghazi , reported that other members of the aid group also were assaulted by a different armed group and two activists who were kidnapped are still missing . Al-Barassi said he visited the victims and met with their father at a Benghazi hospital on Thursday to apologize on behalf of the Libyan people and government for this incident . He told them it did n't represent the Libyan society and its Islamic values . He said the family was in a "  very bad psychological state . " In an interview with a Libyan TV channel , al-Barassi said the women and their father were on their way to Benghazi 's Benina International Airport when they were stopped at a checkpoint nearby . The women and their father were kidnapped , and the man witnessed the rape of his daughters , he said . The deputy prime minister said he was in touch with the British ambassador to Libya throughout the day . "  We are aware of an incident in Libya , involving a number of British nationals who were part of an aid convoy . We are providing consular assistance , " a U.K. Foreign Office spokesperson told CNN . The Interior Ministry said in a written statement that the father , along with a translator , notified police of the incident on Wednesday . Lt. Majdi al-Erfi , a spokesman for the Interior Ministry , said the family had returned to Benghazi after the aid convoy was turned back by Egyptian authorities . He said the family was on a bus when they were stopped at an "  unofficial checkpoint " by armed young men in military uniforms . According to al-Erfi , the family was held at the checkpoint and "  its members assaulted while two outlaws ... kidnapped two of the young women and took them to a farm on the outskirts of the city to carry out the crime . " The remaining members of the humanitarian aid convoy are at the Turkish consulate in Benghazi , officials said . Al-Barassi promised the results of the investigation would be made public and said those involved would stand trial soon . He said the young women were wearing veils and "  Free Palestine " T-shirts . Two years after the start of the revolution and a bloody civil war that overthrew Libyan dictator Moammar Qadhafi in 2011 , the government is still struggling to exert its authority and control the hundreds of militias , most of which continue to operate freely across the country . CNN 's Susannah Palk contributed to this report .	Libyan officials say women were kidnapped while on way to airport Armed men in military uniforms stopped a bus , kidnapped the women Government blames "  outlaws , " promises swift justice Four of five suspects have been arrested , authorities say
CNN  -- There 's a good chance you 've seen more of Greenland in magazines or on TV recently . With its ice cap and glaciers melting at a rapid rate , the island is at the center of climate change conversation . The stories are troubling , but it 's not all bad news for the folks in Greenland . You see , the increased attention has helped Greenland . Its tourism business is , by Greenland standards , booming . "  Our tourism is still very small , " said Anders la Cour Vahl , a senior consultant at the Greenland Tourism and Business Council . "  But we 've seen quite an increase in cruise tourism and an incremental increase in land-based visitors . " La Cour Vahl said Greenland gets about 30,000 cruise visitors per year , a four-fold increase in the past decade . About 35,000 people fly in for visits . It 's a lot for a nation that 's bigger than Alaska but with a population the size of Ames , Iowa . Most visitors to the island still come from Denmark  Greenland is a self-governing Danish territory  . But the second-largest group used to be Germans , la Cour Vahl said , and their numbers have been overtaken by people from North America . Only a few come because they want to see the ice cap before it vanishes , they say . More than 80 % of the island is covered by it , and the ice is as thick as 14,000 feet in some places , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . But it is disappearing . "  Greenland has been a major concern because there is a lot of ice sitting on land , and it 's melting a lot faster than we thought it was going to , " said Keya Chatterjee , director of international climate policy for the World Wildlife Fund . "  It 's a big unknown in the system . " Last year , the book "  100 Places to Go Before They Disappear " selected two sites in Greenland for its list -- the town of Ilulissat , to the west , and Zackenberg , in the northeast , where there 's an ecosystem research center . The book noted that temperatures in Greenland are substantially higher and said the water around Ilulissat no longer has permanent ice cover . For the Greenland tourism bureau , climate change is often a part of the discussion . They even devote a page to it on the greenland.com website , where they try to assure potential tourists that melting ice does n't mean there 's nothing to see . "  While doubt still prevails as to the speed at which the volume of the ice is declining and the complex relationships between causes of temperature increases , " the site reads , "  there is one thing that is certain : New ice will continue to be created on the ice sheet , and there will still be enormous amounts of ice to admire in Greenland for the next many generations . It is just a question of how much . " La Cour Vahl said that people who come to Greenland can witness firsthand the results of climate change . "  You can see how glaciers have been retreating . You can see the marks on the sides of the glacier where it used to be and where it is now , " he said . "  Actually being there and being a witness to what is happening to our environment , that has great appeal . " Chatterjee , whose organization works with tourism boards to promote eco-friendly practices , said places affected by climate change need to plan ahead . "  Many local economies are so dependent on tourism , " she said . "  Forward-looking cities are starting to plan how do you diversify you economy and how do you develop other attractions . People can disagree about when the worst consequences of climate change will hit , but we know it 's already happening . " The effects of climate change have "  put us on the map , " la Cour Vahl says . The challenge now is to convince more people that Greenland is n't really that far a trip or such a forbidding land . But it 's not a destination for everyone , he admits . Most of the top tourist trips revolve around the ice or wildlife , such as watching polar bears or whales . Patricia Schultz , the author of "  1,000 Places to See Before You Die , " calls Greenland "  the ultimate frontier . " The weather , while brutally cold in recent winters , can be surprisingly warm in the spring and summer , the top two tourist seasons , la Cour Vahl said . So when you pack your bags , do n't worry , you can even throw in a T-shirt . Or if the warming trend continues , a few T-shirts .	Greenland is getting more media attention as climate change affects the country The attention has drawn more tourists to the island , including 30,000 cruise visitors per year Greenland tourism officials tell visitors there 's still ice to see , but it 's unclear how much will remain over time
New Delhi  CNN  -- Indian lawmakers cast ballots Thursday to elect a new president for the South Asian democracy , with the ruling party 's candidate considered the almost-certain winner . That candidate , Pranab Mukherjee , is a veteran politician and a former finance minister . Mukherjee 's rival is opposition-backed candidate P.A. Sangma , a former speaker of the Indian parliament . Indian presidents are elected through an electoral college made up of more than 4,800 federal and state lawmakers . The result from Thursday 's vote are expected to be announced Sunday . Blog : What happened to ` Incredible India ' ? In India , the president is head of state while the prime minister heads the government . Still , the Indian presidents , in their largely ceremonial position , hold considerable power as the supreme commander of the country 's armed forces and custodian of the national constitution , political commentator K.G. Suresh explained . The new president could play a key role in deciding who forms the next government in case the next general elections , due in 2014 , result in a split parliament , analysts say . "  Now we have a coalition era . We do not know in 2014 , when the parliament election takes place , which party would be able to get a clear majority , " Suresh said . "  If it does n't happen , the president of India has to then take a call as to whom to invite  to form the government  within the parameters of the constitution of India . " Prime minister Manmohan Singh was among voters who cast their ballots Thursday . The new president will replace Pratibha Devisingh Patil , the first woman to hold the post . Mukherjee was named the presidential candidate by the ruling United Progressive Alliance headed by Sonia Gandhi , who is also the chief of India 's Congress Party .	Results from the vote by federal and state lawmakers in India are expected Sunday The presidency is a largely ceremonial post , but does have some power Pranab Mukherjee of the ruling United Party Alliance is expected to win election
CNN  -- Australian Formula One driver Mark Webber has aimed a verbal attack at his own Red Bull team , saying they are giving more support to teammate Sebastian Vettel as the pair both scrap for the 2010 world title . Webber has led the world championship for large parts of the season , although he now sits in second and trails leader Fernando Alonso by 11 points with just two races of the season remaining . The 23-year-old Vettel is also among a group of five drivers who are still in the race to claim the sport 's biggest prize . The German is in fourth place , 14 points behind Webber and 25 behind Alonso . However , 34-year-old Webber believes his world championship challenge has been "  inconvenient " for his team , who are bidding to win both their first constructor 's and driver 's championships . Is Ferrari 's Fernando the fastest on the grid ? "  I think I was n't supposed to be in the hunt at all , so it 's been maybe quite inconvenient , but I 've enjoyed every minute of it , " Webber told a news conference . Webber was in a frank mood , and pulled no punches when asked whether he believed his team gave the 23-year-old more support . "  It 's f ****** obvious , is n't it ? Of course , " he said . "  When young , new charges come on to the block that 's where the emotion is . That 's the way it is . "  I have had a great opportunity with a great car to do some great things this year . I 've got favorites in life . Favorite people I like to be with . That is human nature . " Webber is also not expecting support from his teammate in pursuit of his first driver 's championship . "  If it has n't happened by now , it 's never going to happen . Nothing has changed between Seb and I over the last five or six races . The only thing different is that Fernando is leading . " "  Obviously Seb has never led this year and I have . We 'll see on the Monday after Abu Dhabi if we have taken the right approach . " The relationship between the pair has been under scrutiny all season , with the issue coming to a head after they crashed when Vettel tried to pass Webber at this season 's Turkish Grand Prix . Both will line up on the grid for the Brazilian Grand Prix , which takes place on Sunday at the Interlagos circuit in Sao Paulo .	Mark Webber believes his Red Bull team favor his teammate Sebastian Vettel Webber said he thinks his world title challenge has be "  inconvenient " Both Webber and Vettel are both behind Fernando Alonso in the driver 's standing
Befitting its status as a fast-growing oil exporter , for Nigeria this week was to be a coming out party of sorts , as it hosts the 24th World Economic Forum on Africa . More than a thousand academic , business , civil society and political leaders are supposed to gather in Abuja , Nigeria 's capital city , beginning on Wednesday , to discuss "  inclusive growth and job creation . " Conflicting with this image of an emerging regional economic powerhouse , just two days before the start of the World Economic Forum meeting , Nigeria is in the international headlines for all the wrong reasons : Abubakar Shekau , the leader of Boko Haram , a militant Islamist organization , released a video on Monday claiming responsibility for kidnapping more than 270 schoolgirls in northern Nigeria last month . The Boko Haram leader explained that the girls should not be attending school and should instead get married . He also threatened to sell the girls in the marketplace because , he said while laughing , "  Allah says I should sell . He commands me to sell . I will sell women . " That statement , coming the day after Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan held a nationally televised "  media chat " in which he vowed to rescue the girls , highlights Boko Haram 's growing power in the country , as well as the government 's relative inability to stop the group 's attacks . If Boko Haram 's growing insurgency is n't halted in Nigeria , it threatens to jeopardize the largest economy in Africa and the some $ 100 billion in oil revenue the country generates every year . Boko Haram , whose name means "  Western education is forbidden , " has been at war with the Nigerian state for years . Founded in 2002 by Mohammed Yusuf , a member of the short-lived "  Nigerian Taliban , " it is predominantly focused on attacking the Nigerian government and implementing Taliban-style Sharia law . Yusuf was killed in 2009 while he was in police custody . There is no doubt that Boko Haram is a growing threat to Nigerians , but to what extent is it also a threat to Western interests ? So far not much , although that could change . In the 12 years since its creation , Boko Haram has attacked an international target only once , when it bombed the United Nations office in the Nigerian capital Abuja in August 2011 . A year earlier , Shekau , the Boko Haram leader , had released a statement expressing solidarity with al Qaeda and threatening the United States , and Osama bin Laden was reportedly in direct contact with the group 's leaders . However , al Qaeda has never formalized any kind of partnership with Boko Haram . That said , the group has received some funding from the North African al Qaeda affiliate , al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , or AQIM ; the exact numbers are unknown , but it is estimated that AQIM has accumulated $ 90 million , much of it from kidnappings . 6 reasons why the world should demand action The United States is sufficiently worried about anti-Western terrorism in Nigeria that on Friday the State Department released a warning to Americans traveling in and to Nigeria that "  groups associated with terrorism " may be planning an attack on a Sheraton hotel in Lagos , the country 's commercial center . Though Lagos has never been attacked by Boko Haram , recent bombings in Abuja -- the first in two years -- show that militants are increasingly turning to targets outside their home base in Nigeria 's northern territories . To combat the growing threat of Boko Haram , the President placed the northern states of Adamawa , Borno and Yobe under a six-month state of emergency in May 2013 ; the state of emergency was extended for six more months in November . But despite the heightened presence of security forces in those states , the Boko Haram insurgency has worsened . Amnesty International reported on Saturday that more than 1,500 people were killed because of fighting between Islamist militant groups and the government in the first three months of 2014 , a total greater than in all of 2013 . Continuing this trend , 19 people were killed and more than 60 were injured in a car bombing in an Abuja suburb on Thursday .  No group has claimed responsibility for that bombing , but it occurred in the same area as a Boko Haram attack that killed at least 70 people on April 14 . Initially , Jonathan downplayed the Boko Haram threat , calling the situation "  temporary " and arguing that the Nigerian security forces were winning the battle against the militants . But after international criticism and domestic outrage , Jonathan has called for an investigation into the mass kidnappings of the girls in April and has said he is open to receiving foreign assistance . Boko Haram : The essence of terror Some of this assistance will be coming from the United States , with a U.S. official telling CNN that : "  You are going to see a focus on this in all three channels of government : diplomatic , intelligence and military . " Adding to the growing frustration within Nigeria over the abductions are reports that Patience Jonathan , Nigeria 's first lady , bizarrely ordered the arrest of two of the leaders of the protests that had erupted after the kidnappings of the girls in April , and had even denied the kidnappings had taken place . Patience Jonathan 's office has denied the reports , but she was quoted by the News Agency of Nigeria as saying , "  You are playing games . Do n't use schoolchildren and women for demonstrations again . "	Boko Haram leader says it has kidnapped more than 200 girls in Nigeria Peter Bergen : Nigeria is just about to host a world economic conference He says the terror group 's actions jeopardize Africa 's largest economy Bergen : Boko Haram has n't formalized ties to al Qaeda , but it could threaten Westerners
CNN  -- Get ready to hear that voice , hear that sound -- like thunder gon na shake the ground . Confirming rumors that had been around at least since last month , the NFL said Sunday that Katy Perry will headline the next Super Bowl halftime show . Following in the show-stopping dance steps of Bruno Mars from this year might be a tall order . But Perry says she 's already planning her own fireworks . "  I 've got some insane ideas this year , " she said in a video posted soon after the announcement . "  What if we covered the stadium with glitter ? "  But the glitter ... was edible . " Last month , New York Post 's Page Six and Billboard reported that Perry was preparing to shine at Super Bowl XLIX , set for February 1 in Glendale , Arizona . It 's not hard to see why the NFL would want to pursue Perry . Here are three reasons why we think she 'll kill it . 1 . She 's got energetic , exuberant pop Katy Perry 's music is essentially the stuff Super Bowl halftime dreams are made of . Much of her catalog is high-energy , danceable pop that 's just cheeky enough to be entertaining without losing a sponsorship . And she has a backlog of hits to choose from : There 's "  Birthday " and "  Roar " from her 2013 release "  Prism , " plus older but still-in-rotation tracks like "  Firework , " "  Peacock , " "  California Gurls " and "  I Kissed A Girl . " 2 . Everyone from your grandma to your 3-year-old nephew knows her music In 2011 , Katy Perry tied with Michael Jackson -- not bad company -- with five No. 1 singles from the same album . You do n't accomplish that without some serious fan power , young and old . And when we say young , we mean young : "  Dark Horse " has been known to soothe at least one baby . 3 . She gives a show-stopping performance One of the things critics took away from Perry 's 2012 concert documentary , "  Part of Me , " is just how much work goes into a Perry performance . From the costumes to the set pieces , Perry creates her own whimsical wonderland -- as anyone who 's seen one of her videos can attest . We can only imagine the kind of creation that would accompany a Super Bowl halftime show . Katy Perry : ` Most rewarded digital act ' beats Rihanna , Taylor Swift by millions	Katy Perry will headline the next Super Bowl halftime show Perry says she 's already planning her own fireworks It 's not hard to imagine why she 'd be a great selection for the program
Seoul  CNN  -- South Korea 's actions toward Pyongyang after the death of the North Korean leader Kim Jong Il were intended to show that Seoul does not have animosity toward the North , President Lee Myung-bak of South Korea said in a meeting with political leaders Thursday . Lee told members of the governing and opposition parties that he believed North Korea had probably not expected South Korea to take such measures toward the North . Seoul expressed its sympathy to the North Korean people through a statement on Tuesday , a day after North Korea 's state-run media announced the death of Kim . South Korea also said that while it would not send an official delegation to the North , it would allow a limited number of private groups to send delegations to the North if desired . It also announced that it would let civilian groups send messages of condolence to the North upon approval of the Unification Ministry in Seoul . Pyongyang said Thursday that it would welcome a private delegation from Hyundai Asan , a South Korean company with heavy investments in the North , to pay respects to Kim . North Korea delivered the message -- addressed to the chairwoman of Hyundai Group , Hyun Jeong-eun -- through the company 's office in the North 's Kaesong Industrial Park some 45 kilometers  27 miles  north of Seoul , said Roh Jee-hwan , a Hyundai spokesman . Hyundai Asan has held a working level meeting with the government to discuss the details of the trip , according to the Unification Ministry . The recent moves have been considered a break from the hardline approach to the North that Lee 's administration had taken since coming into office in 2008 . It contrasted with Seoul 's reaction to the death of North Korea 's founder , Kim Il Sung , in 1994 when the conservative South Korean government at the time did not offer its condolences . "  The swift stabilization of North Korea 's leadership is in the interest of all neighboring countries , " Lee said Thursday . Many observers see the recent moves as efforts by Lee to improve the soured relationship with Pyongyang after tensions flared last year because of the sinking of a South Korean naval vessel and the shelling of an island near Seoul . Seoul demanded an apology for the sinking of the ship , which killed 46 seamen , but Pyongyang denied involvement . And North Korea said the South had provoked the bombing of the island , which led to four deaths . "  The death of Kim Jong Il can be seen both as a crisis and an opportunity , " said Kwon Young-se , the chairman of the South Korean Parliament 's Intelligence Committee and a member of Mr Lee 's governing party . "  The decision that the Lee Myung-bak administration made to express its condolences , I think , reflects a choice to consider what has happened in the past but also think about the future . " Kwon said he believes that by extending sympathy to the people of North Korea , as opposed to North Korea as a country , the Lee administration has found its own compromise . Lee 's efforts with the North are much less advanced than those of the two previous governments , under which the leaders of the two Koreas held summit talks in Pyongyang , Kwon said , but noted that Lee has made the first step toward improving what had become a tense , cold relationship between the two capitals . Public opinion in the South is divided on whether it is appropriate to pay respects to Kim . Critics have called for a more proactive approach by Lee , suggesting that sending condolences to the North Korean people was too indirect . Some South Koreans argue that now is the time for Seoul to seize an opportunity to make a breakthrough in North and South relations , while others say the idea of paying respects to the dictator is out of the question . "  We do n't pay respects in the South to someone who has committed atrocities , why are we even discussing this issue ? " an internet user posted on an online message board under the username hwachon11_1 . "  I know there 's a lot of debate about the issue , but I think we need to see the North as a nation that we want to reunify with " a person using the name brit4men posted on the same message board . "  I think it 's only appropriate we send a delegation . "	Seoul has expressed sympathy to the North Korean people after Kim Jong Il 's death It says it will also allow private groups to send delegations to the North to pay respects South Korea president says these actions are meant to show there is no animosity Pyongyang says it will welcome a delegation from the industrial group Hyundai
CNN  -- A company that provides airfare information to travel agents announced plans to end its relationship with American Airlines Wednesday , the latest move in a heated dispute between the airline and companies that distribute fares . Sabre Holdings Corp. will stop offering American Airlines fares on its global distribution system in August , a month before the airline 's contract is set to expire , according to Chris Kroeger , Sabre 's senior vice president of marketing . The company has also lowered American 's position in the system 's schedule and fare displays and revoked discounts on fees the airline pays to Sabre for each booking . American Airlines has been pushing to provide customized fare information through its own system , cutting out distribution intermediaries . "  Sabre is taking actions to protect its interests and those of its customers by supporting airlines who value the transparency and efficiency of the proven system we provide , " Sabre said in a statement . The airline fired back Wednesday afternoon . "  Sabre 's actions are discriminatory and patently inconsistent with both its contractual obligations and its professed goal of ensuring full transparency for the benefit of consumers and travel agents , " the airline said in a statement . "  In contrast , the actions only serve to protect Sabre 's market position and attempt to force airlines and travel agencies to rely exclusively on its legacy systems that only lead to higher fares and fewer choices for consumers . " Sabre , one of several airfare global distribution systems , says American 's plan will make it harder for consumers to comparison shop . When the airline and online travel site Expedia could n't reach a distribution agreement , Expedia removed American Airlines fares and schedules from the site on January 1 . American stopped offering its tickets on Orbitz.com in December . The American Society of Travel agents expressed concern Wednesday about American 's distribution system . "  Travel distribution is not a spectator sport , and no one will be spared if an appropriate resolution is not reached that recognizes the burden that this so-called innovation in distribution will produce , " the organization said in a statement responding to Sabre 's actions . ASTA called the airline 's technological change "  a solution looking for a problem to solve , " and urged other airlines to "  think very carefully before going down a similar path . " American said the move to direct distribution would benefit travel agents and consumers . "  Our direct connection will help travel agencies help their own customers by giving them access to customized choices and delivering the best value to travelers , " said Derek DeCross , American 's vice president and general sales manager in a December 29 statement . Customers looking to compare flights online can visit other travel sites such as kayak.com , priceline.com or travel agencies , American Airlines said , as well as the carrier 's own website , aa.com .	Global airfare distributor Sabre Holdings to drop American Airlines American removed fares from Orbitz.com last month ; Expedia removed fares Jan. 1 American pushing to use its own distribution system , cutting out intermediaries
Washington  CNN  -- The current large-scale U.S.-South Korean naval exercise off the west coast of Korea has multiple purposes . After last week 's North Korean attack on a South Korean island , the most important is to send a message to Pyongyang that Washington and Seoul have the capability -- and the will -- to respond with devastating force to any further acts of aggression . A second is to strengthen the U.S.-ROK  Republic of Korea  joint capability to coordinate such a response , as well as to reinforce their anti-submarine capabilities that were so obviously inadequate last March , when North Korea torpedoed a South Korean naval vessel on the high seas . In light of the fact that past North Korean misbehavior has not produced serious consequences for Pyongyang , it may be difficult to convince the North that "  this time we 're serious . " There was a South Korean artillery response to the shelling last week , but it was apparently flawed in execution and did not produce much damage . What is needed is to credibly promise a harsh response to future attacks , yet not trigger North Korean escalation or a preemptive war on the assumption that an effort to destroy the North is looming . Despite its labeling the current situation an "  ultra-emergency wartime situation , " the North Korean regime is not suicidal , and one ought not assume it will take actions that will predictably bring destruction down on its head . But its apparent and dangerous belief that it can act with impunity has been reinforced over many years . It comes not only from the measured South Korean response after the ship sinking , and from the absence of truly punishing actions after it reneged on commitments not to test intercontinental ballistic missiles and nuclear weapons . Even assassination attempts against South Korean presidents and the blowing up of a civilian Korean airliner in years past produced little by way of lasting consequences for the North . Fear of precipitating a second Korean War has proved an effective deterrent against strong U.S.-ROK retaliation . This time , Washington and Seoul seem determined not only to demonstrate the resolve to strike back  albeit proportionately  if necessary , but to strengthen existing UN-sponsored sanctions against the DPRK  Democratic People 's Republic of Korea  that will effectively curtail the North 's illicit activities as well as squeeze individuals in the elite structure . Another dimension of the current exercises , which include the aircraft carrier George Washington and its strike group , is to demonstrate to China that , its strident objections to naval operations in the Yellow Sea notwithstanding , the United States not only has the right to operate in international waters but will do so in defense of its national interests . The point is not to stick a finger in China 's eye ; Washington would far prefer to cooperate with Beijing than to appear to challenge it in order to change North Korean behavior . But the U.S. has argued to China for a long time -- to little effect -- that its coddling of Pyongyang was not producing better behavior . Rather , it was enabling the North to pursue its contrarian ways , producing stalemate in the nuclear talks , the sinking of a South Korean naval vessel , and now a calculated attack on a South Korean island that killed civilians as well as military personnel . Thus , the American message to Beijing is : "  If you can not help bring North Korea to cease its provocative behavior , we will be forced to take actions that , while not aimed at you , will discomfit you . " If this leads China to more seriously strive to rein North Korea in , all the better . Moreover , China shrilly insisted a few months ago that no U.S. naval exercises should take place in the Yellow Sea -- and especially that no aircraft carrier should enter those waters . In the face of that position , at some point the U.S. had to exercise its freedom of navigation rights . But the choice of timing -- not ideal with a Chinese state visit to Washington planned for January -- was dictated by Pyongyang 's actions . Some observers say the only way to change North Korean behavior is to engage it . In fact , the United States is quite willing to engage the North , including in serious negotiations . But it is not willing to look the other way in the face of Pyongyang 's aggressive military behavior and its blatant violation of its most basic pledges and UN resolutions regarding denuclearization . And it is not willing , as the North appears to want , to accept the DPRK as a de facto nuclear weapons state by sitting down with Pyongyang absent a demonstration by the North that it is committed to denuclearize  even if doubts abound regarding implementation  . If the North does something meaningful to lower tensions with the South and to demonstrate "  sincerity " about abandoning nuclear weapons , the prospects for resumed six-party denuclearization talks will improve . Meanwhile , however , the United States will continue to show strong support for its South Korean ally to counter Pyongyang 's threatening actions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alan D. Romberg .	The U.S. and South Korea are conducting naval exercises in the Yellow Sea Alan Romberg says these are a message to North Korea that it could provoke retaliation He says incidents of North Korean aggression have so far met with little military response U.S. also wants to demonstrate its freedom to project power in international waters , he says
Watching your health this Halloween does n't have to be scary . Here are five easy things to keep in mind for you and your family to stay happy and healthy this Halloween . 1 . Eat before you  trick or  treat Hopefully you 've already talked to the kids about their trick or treat strategy . Mentally prepare them not to snack while they 're walking , and do n't be one of those parents who drives them from door to door . "  Talking to them in advance  about not snacking  makes it a lot easier , " said Wendy Palmer , a registered dietitian with Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta . She also makes sure her sons trick or treat on a full stomach . "  I know it 's crazy that night with everything going on , but you should make it a huge priority that your kids eat dinner before you go out , " Palmer said . "  Even a quick peanut butter-and-jelly sandwich and a piece of fruit . Kids are really in tune with their appetite and wo n't be as tempted to snack if they are full . " It 's only after Palmer 's little Superman and Ninja Turtle get home this year that they can pick out a piece or two . Binge eating -- for child or parent -- is not allowed . Did you know the sugary loot children collect on Halloween adds up to about 11,000 calories , according to Children 's Healthcare testing ?  They were vague about what happened to the candy afterward . That 's the equivalent of a week 's worth of calories . The candy also packs an average of 365 teaspoons of sugar -- the equivalent of 12 double-dip vanilla ice cream cones -- and the same amount of fat as 15 large servings of fast food French fries . What to do with all that candy ? "  I would never recommend hiding food as it makes it more valuable to the kids , " Palmer said . "  If you keep it in the house , it should be free game for mom and dad as well as the kids . " Pure chocolate stays good for about two years without causing any real health risks , although the texture changes after about 12 months . If you are counting calories as you snack , sugar candies tend to be lower in calories than chocolate . Dentists hate the sticky stuff , though , as it is harder on your teeth . If your child has food allergies , be sure to read candy wrappers . Keep in mind , mini-size servings of the candy you know and love can contain different ingredients than their larger cousins . Mireille Schwartz has a daughter , Charlotte Jude , with severe peanut and tree nut allergies . She founded the Bay Area Allergy Advisory Board and says Halloween is her busy season . She advises parents to talk to their neighbors about keeping a separate bowl of allergen-free candy for kids like her daughter . Parents who worry about their kids eating Halloween candy could try the Halloween Fairy method , also called the Switch Witch or Great Pumpkin . It 's like the tooth fairy : Your kids set out at least some of their candy before they go to bed . The fairy , witch or pumpkin comes in the middle of the night , takes it and leaves behind something they want , like a toy or tickets to something they want to do . Palmer does this at her house . "  It really works . My kids are actually willing to give up their candy , really , " Palmer said . 2 . Trick or drink Maybe pumpkin ale is more your thing than pumpkin candy . Because it 's a long night of waiting for the doorbell to ring , there is an easy trick to fool yourself into drinking less : Try a skinnier glass . Scientists at Iowa State University watched how much people pour and learned people struggle to assess volume , tending to focus more on the vertical rather than the horizontal measures . Participants poured around 12 % more wine into a wide glass than a standard one . Drink from a narrower glass and you 'll only think you are drinking more . Plus , you 'll get a little exercise if you do have to get up for that refill . 3 . Zombie-proof your face Watch what you put on your face : You do n't want a bad mask or face painting accident to leave your co-workers wondering why you are still in costume on Friday . The CDC suggests testing face paint on a small area on your arm . That way you can see if it irritates your skin before you slather it everywhere . Skin around your eyes is extremely sensitive , so check labels on face paint or makeup . If it says avoid applying by your eyes -- even if the people on the package are doing the opposite -- follow the directions . Throw away makeup that smells bad , as it may be contaminated . If your inner devil prefers a mask , wipe it down before wearing it . You likely were n't the first to try it on in the store . CNN Newsource affiliate KTVK took more than a dozen masks to be tested . Even the biologist was shocked by how many germs and molds he found . "  In terms of gross , this is particularly disgusting , " said Stan Kikkert , a biologist from Mesa Community College . The microscopic monsters can cause infections . Alcohol should disinfect properly . Pay particular attention to the nose and mouth . 4 . Just because Michael Jackson wore them ... Color contacts made Michael Jackson look extra spooky in "  Thriller , " but unless you 've got a prescription , do n't wear them . Some stores do sell them , but that 's illegal without a prescription . Optometrists warn the contacts are n't one-size-fits-all . "  Wearing lenses that do n't fit properly can suffocate the eye , causing irritation and infection , " Dr. Christopher Coad , director of Chelsea Eye Associates in New York , said in a statement . "  Bad infections can even lead to blindness and/or loss of the eye . " If you want to wear them , get a prescription . 5 . Do n't let chocolate go to the dogs If you dress up your pet , make sure the costume lets them breathe and move . Avoid costumes with small parts they might swallow . Speaking of eating , chocolate may be a favorite in your goodie bag , but it can be deadly to dogs and cats . Pet insurance company Petplan sees 25 % more claims during Halloween -- more than any other week in the year . Swallowed wrappers and lollipop sticks can cause blockages that might not be noticed for days . The darker the chocolate , the deadlier it is to your pet , according to Dr. Ron DeHaven with the American Veterinary Association . "  When kids come home after a night of trick or treating and dump their bag of candy , be sure that your pets are safely away in another room away from your kid 's loot , " DeHaven said . Store it somewhere where your pet ca n't get to it . If pets do get hold of chocolate , call your vet immediately . The ASPCA has a poison hot line , too : 888426-4435 .	Eat before trick or treating to limit snacking Skinnier glasses give you the illusion of drinking more alcohol Scientists find millions of germs on Halloween masks
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- Vanessa Harden is like the "  Q " of the gardening world . Since most cities do n't look kindly on those seeking to alter the cityscape without permission , Vanessa has integrated a gardening kit into the everyday objects of the urban professional to disguise clandestine gardening activities . Inspired by her Cold War and James Bond obsession , her designs range from modified cameras that plant seeds to flower pot-dropping handbags . These objects give the guerrilla gardener a means to implement their attacks into their everyday routine . After graduating from Ontario College of Art in Toronto with a degree in jewelry and metalsmithing , Vanessa moved to the United Kingdom to pursue a master 's degree in design interactions from the Royal College Collect of Art in London . Here she became interested in "  the application of mainstream design processes to niche groups " and her guerrilla gardening project is the perfect example . See the rest of Guerrilla Gardening at VBS.TV Motherboard meets Vanessa in her South London studio to find out how she got involved in this "  guerrilla " scene , and why she feels her own unique brand of eco-technology may help make the metropolises of the world greener and more beautiful . Furthermore , she emphasizes that this type of design and technique keeps this subject fun and playful because "  the last thing people want is to be preached at . " She shows us firsthand the different techniques and technologies she employs in her designs and explains why the game "  Mousetrap " has been a central inspiration . Then we head out into the city to meet guerrilla gardener guru Richard Reynolds and discover the fruits of his labor blossoming in grass verges and central conservations throughout London . The two put Vanessa 's designs to use , and discuss how they have been received in the guerrilla gardening community .	Covert gardeners aim to make cities greener using disguised tools Tool designer Vanessa Harden modified cameras , handbags to carry out planting Motherboard.tv meets Vanessa , learns more about the guerrilla gardening community
Martin Luther King Jr. . Day is celebrated on the third Monday in January , although Dr. King was actually born on the 15th of January 1929 , 84 years ago . Below are some facts and numbers related to the federal holiday , in which Americans are encouraged to participate in a day of service . 27 -- The number of years since the very first national celebration of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. . Day on January 20 , 1986 . 1 -- The Montgomery Bus Boycott against segregated seating lasted approximately one year , starting December 1 , 1955 . This is what Dr. Martin King said in his book , "  Stride Toward Freedom : The Montgomery Story " : We have no alternative but to protest . For many years we have shown an amazing patience . We have sometimes given our white brothers the feeling that we liked the way we were being treated . But we come here tonight to be saved from that patience that makes us patient with anything less than freedom and justice . 1 -- In a speech delivered one day before his assassination Dr. King said , "  Let us keep the issues where they are . " Opinion : Martin Luther King 's dream is alive "  That 's all this whole thing is about . We are n't engaged in any negative protest and in any negative arguments with anybody . We are saying that we are determined to be men . We are determined to be people , " he said . 44 -- "  Everybody can be great because everybody can serve , " Dr. King said in his sermon "  The Drum Major Instinct , " forty-four years ago on February 4 , 1968 . Mrs. King read the same statement when , in 1994 , she asked congress to make the holiday an official national day of humanitarian service . 4 -- The number of days between the assassination of Dr. King on April 4 , 1968 , and the first legislative bill to establish a federal holiday . Rep. John Conyers  D - Michigan  sponsored the bill on April 8 , 1968 , 44 years ago . 33 -- The number of years since Stevie Wonder 's release of "  Happy Birthday , " a song asking , in 1980 , for a day "  in full remembrance . " Opinion : Voting rights , 48 years after King 's march 6 million -- The number of signatures on the King Center petitions Mrs. Coretta Scott King and Stevie Wonder presented in 1982 to Tip O'Neil , Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives , in support of a federal holiday . 29 -- The number of years since President Reagan signed the November 3 , 1983 , legislation creating the national holiday , which started in 1986 . It was almost 11 years later that the holiday became a day of service , August 23 , 1994 , when President Clinton signed the Martin Luther King Jr. . Federal Holiday and Service Act . 3 -- Utah , New Hampshire , and South Carolina were the last to join the rest of the states in making Martin Luther King Jr. . Day , the day as we know it throughout the nation . 30 -- feet . The height of the Martin Luther King Jr. . Memorial Stone of Hope on the National Mall . On one side , it reads , "  Out of the mountain of despair , a stone of hope , " from Dr. King 's speech , "  I Have a Dream , " presented at the Lincoln Memorial , August 28 , 1963 . 1 -- This is the number of federal holidays of service - A Day On , Not a Day Off . Read more : Why conservatives call MLK their hero	The third Monday in January is Martin Luther King Jr. . Day The federal holiday is also the only federal holiday of service "  Everybody can be great because everybody can serve , " Dr. King said
CNN Student News  -- May 27 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Arizona  Seoul , South Korea  New York City Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi , there ! My name is Carl Azuz . This is CNN Student News ! This school year may be fleeting , but we 've got 10 minutes to bring you today 's commercial-free headlines . First Up : Border Security AZUZ : First up , President Obama is sending troops and money to the border between the U.S. and Mexico . The announcement came out late Tuesday . 1,200 additional National Guard troops and $ 500 million more , all aimed at increasing border security and cutting down on illegal activities . The plan is for these troops to help out with drug enforcement and intelligence efforts until the Customs and Border Protection agency recruits and trains new agents to serve at the border . According to a new CNN poll , nearly nine out of every 10 Americans think more troops are needed along the border . Arizona 's lawmakers agree . Their state is part of that border with Mexico , and some of them have been calling for more troops . One of those lawmakers , Senator John McCain , says the president 's plan is n't enough though . He thinks it 'll take 3,000 new troops , and that 's just to cover the Arizona-Mexico border . As for Mexico , it says the additional forces will help out , but Mexican officials say they hope these troops will be fighting against crime and not getting involved in immigration laws . Gulf Coast Oil AZUZ : Well tomorrow , President Obama is scheduled to visit the Gulf Coast to see how things are going in the fight against that giant oil spill we 've been telling you about . Yesterday , the fight took a new turn . You 've heard us talk about the so-called "  top kill " procedure they 're going to try . Around 2 p.m. , BP started it . They started pumping 50,000 pounds of a special mud-like fluid that has about twice the density of water and they were pumping that into the leak . They hope -- we all hope -- it stops the oil . Then , the whole thing will be sealed off with cement . The head of BP said there was about a 60 to 70 percent chance of success . President Obama said if it works , it should seriously reduce or even stop the flow of oil . If it fails , the president says they 'll move onto the next strategy . When we recorded this show yesterday , the process was still going on . We hope to have more details on it for you tomorrow . In the meantime , you can always get the latest details at CNN.com . Korean Tensions AZUZ : Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is back in the U.S. after spending a week in Asia . Her last stop on that trip was South Korea . And as you 've heard , things have been tense between that country and North Korea . If you have n't heard , you can watch our archived shows from this week to find out why . You will find those show at CNNStudentNews.com . Getting back to Secretary Clinton , she says the North is provoking the South . She calls it unacceptable and she 's urging North Korea to stop making threats . She says the international community has a responsibility to respond to the situation , and she made it clear that the U.S. is standing behind South Korea . HILLARY CLINTON , U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE : Let me repeat publicly what I expressed privately to President Lee and Minister Yu . The United States offers our deepest sympathies to the families and friends of the 46 sailors killed in the sinking of the Cheonan and to all the people of South Korea . We will stand with you in this difficult hour and we stand with you always . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Miss Poole 's civics and economics class at Hobbton High School in Newton Grove , North Carolina ! What is the term for a group of military ships ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  Battalion , B  Phalanx , C  Fleet or D  Conclave ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! A group of military ships is referred to as a fleet . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Fleet Week AZUZ : And a celebration involving a group of military ships is called Fleet Week ! It 's taking place right now in New York City . Fleet Week is actually a celebration of all the military sea services : the Navy , the Marine Corps and the Coast Guard . They happen in different cities all over the country . New York has hosted a Fleet Week nearly every year since 1984 . Thousands of sailors , Marine and Coast Guard members are in New York for the event . It kicks off with the Parade of Ships , which you see right here . Once they dock at the pier , people can go on board and take tours of the Navy vessels . Plus , there are dozens of military demonstrations throughout the week . Home and Away AZUZ : Fleet Week runs through Memorial Day this weekend . Of course , Memorial Day , the holiday , pays tribute to all American troops who have lost their lives while serving the country in battle . CNN has a new website that does the same kind of thing . It 's called "  Home and Away . " You see it on your screen right here . It 's focused on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . More than 6,000 U.S. and coalition troops have been killed in these conflicts . The "  Home and Away " site connects where these men and women died with where they lived , and it gives family members and friends an opportunity to share memories about their loved ones . You 'll find a link to the site in the Spotlight section of our home page ; that 's CNNStudentNews.com . Is this Legit ? STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The space shuttle Atlantis is named after the legendary lost city . Nope ! The shuttle is named after a sailing ship that was run by an oceanographic institute . Last Landing for Atlantis ? AZUZ : Atlantis came in for what could be its final landing yesterday . The space shuttle program is scheduled to end later on this year , and Atlantis is the first shuttle on the retirement list . It touched down at Kennedy Space Center after its 32nd mission . During that time , it helped with the international space station and launched spacecraft that explored Venus and Jupiter . Atlantis ' service in space is n't necessarily over though . It 's the back-up shuttle for a future mission if anything goes wrong , so NASA 's getting the shuttle ready just in case . Once the shuttles do retire , they 're not headed for the junk yard , and you ca n't really recycle them . John Zarrella thought looks at what could happen once the space shuttles are permanently grounded . BEGIN VIDEO JOHN ZARRELLA , CNN CORRESPONDENT : As they rocket to space , the astronauts watch the world fall away below them . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Getting RPM . Three , two , one , mark . ZARRELLA : Discovery does a somersault as it approaches the space station . Nearly 30 years of these "  oh wow " moments almost over . The end of this year or sometime next , the last shuttle will fly . So , what do you do with three old orbiters ? Heck , Atlantis has got 120 million miles on her . If you 're NASA , you ca n't get all teary-eyed and nostalgic . You 've got to unload those old clunkers and move on ; put a for-sale sign on Atlantis and Discovery and Endeavour . So , you 've got to build a building right here that would enclose the space shuttle for a bit . It 's got to be a temperature-controlled building , right ? BILL MOORE , KENNEDY SPACE CENTER , VISITOR COMPLEX : Has to be all up to artifact standards . But more than just the building for the shuttle , we have to tell the story . ZARRELLA : Bill Moore heads the privately-run Visitor Complex at the Kennedy Space Center . They are one of at least a dozen suitors ready , in fact eager , to fork over to NASA $ 28.8 million for an orbiter . ALLARD BEUTEL , NASA SPOKESMAN : We 're not selling them , remember . This is what it 's going to cost to get it cleaned up and make it safe to display and then to actually get it there . ZARRELLA : You 've got almost $ 30 million ready to hand that check to NASA . MOORE : Between our cash and the loan arrangements , we could take the shuttle tomorrow and get ready to go . ZARRELLA : There is no real rush , space agency officials say , to announce who gets which one because the orbiters are still flying . NASA has offered Discovery , the oldest in the fleet , to the Smithsonian . Museum officials there told us questions about cost "  have not been resolved , although the museum is exploring options . " One orbiter option is the Big Apple . Folks at the Intrepid Sea , Air and Space Museum say more people would see it here than anywhere else . They estimate a 30 percent increase in attendance . SUSAN MARENOFF , INTREPID SEA , AIR & SPACE MUSEUM : We figure over 300,000 people additional to the Intrepid to New York City . Couple that with the $ 106 million in economic benefits , we think that 's a pretty good deal . ZARRELLA : Landing one of history 's first space planes would certainly qualify as a pretty good deal . John Zarrella , CNN , at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , why did n't the duck cross the road ? 'Cause it was chicken ! You would be too if you were trying to make it across rush hour traffic . Luckily -- do n't be afraid -- someone spotted the junior jaywalkers and called the cops . The officers arrived , stopped traffic and escorted the fearful fowl across the highway . Youi see that taking place right here . It 's cute . But it does raise a question though . When police officers are called in to help ducks ... Goodbye AZUZ : Who gets stuck with the bill ? If that one did n't get you to quack up , we 'll try again tomorrow . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Examine plans to increase the number of troops at the U.S.-Mexico border Sail into New York City as Fleet Week honors U.S. military sea services Consider some of the retirement possibilities for NASA 's space shuttles Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Dr. Marguerite McDonald has a clear vision for helping people see better . Throughout her career , McDonald , an ophthalmologist at Ophthalmic Consultants of Long Island  New York  , has performed several pioneering eye surgeries . In 1987 , she performed the world 's first excimer laser treatment , a procedure that eliminates or reduces the need for contact lenses . She used this technique in 1993 -- for the first time anywhere -- to treat farsightedness . An excimer laser is a type of laser used in eye surgeries . McDonald was also the third physician in the world to perform a procedure called conductive keratoplasty -- a noninvasive surgery for farsightedness that involves using radio-frequency energy to heat small spots around the cornea . She served as the medical monitor of clinical trials of the procedure in the United States , which led to Food and Drug Administration approval . In addition , McDonald conducted the first wavefront-based laser surgeries in the United States . Wavefront technology allows doctors to customize surgeries for individual patients . You do n't know them , but these innovators may have changed your life In September 2003 , she was the first in North America to perform Epi-LASIK -- a relatively new procedure that may avoid some of the risks associated with LASIK -- in September 2003 . "  Along with being noted for performing the first laser vision correction procedure ...  McDonald  takes an active role in advancing women 's careers through mentoring , " Jan Beiting , president of Ophthalmic Women Leaders , said in a statement . "  She is a trailblazer in every way . " Ophthalmic Women Leaders announced in 2012 that she had won the organization 's Visionary Woman Award . McDonald served as the director of the Southern Vision Institute in New Orleans from 1993 to 2005 . Today , she is a clinical professor of ophthalmology at NYU School of Medicine , and an adjunct clinical professor of ophthalmology at Tulane University Health Sciences Center in New Orleans . Several pharmaceutical and medical device companies also use McDonald as a consultant . Mom 's death inspires doctor 's life 's work CNN 's Edythe McNamee contributed to this report .	Marguerite McDonald performed the world 's first laser vision correction surgery She also conducted the first custom laser surgeries in the United States Several pharmaceutical and medical device companies also use McDonald as a consultant
CNN  -- The Ebola virus has killed 10 people in the Democratic Republic of Congo , the World Health Organization said Tuesday . As of Monday , WHO said , the deaths are among 13 probable and two confirmed Ebola cases reported in Orientale province in eastern Congo . The Congolese Ministry of Health has set up a task force to deal with the outbreak and is working with WHO , UNICEF , Doctors Without Borders and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Twelve cases and eight deaths occurred in the area of Isiro , a town in Congo 's north , WHO said . The fatalities included three health care workers . One death each occurred in Congo 's Pawa and Dungu regions . Prisoner with suspected case of Ebola escapes from hospital in Uganda Congo 's Orientale province borders western Uganda , where 24 probable and confirmed cases , including 16 deaths , have been reported since the beginning of July . But WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl told CNN that there 's no connection between the outbreaks in Uganda and Congo . The viruses , he said , are two different Ebola strains . There are five strains of the virus , a highly infectious and often fatal agent spread through direct contact with bodily fluids And , Hartl said , it is extremely difficult to travel between Isiro , for example , and Kiballe , the western Ugandan district where an outbreak emerged last month . That 's because it is heavily forested with impassable roads , and the only viable way to travel is going 10 to 15 kilometers per hour via motorbike . So it is unlikely there would be contact between Ugandans and Congolese that would lead to infection . Could the Ebola outbreak spread to the U.S. ? The natural habitat of the Ebola virus is in the central African forest belt region , Hartl said . It 's "  either by chance " or from "  more surveying " for the disease , he said , that "  we see these two outbreaks concurrently . " Health agencies have embarked on an aggressive approach in Uganda to deal with the cases . WHO has asked countries bordering Uganda to "  enhance surveillance " for the virus . The last confirmed case in Uganda was admitted to an isolation facility on August 4 , WHO said . The virus was first detected in 1976 in Congo , when the country was known as Zaire . Symptoms can include fever , vomiting , diarrhea , abdominal pain , headache , a measles-like rash , red eyes and , at times , bleeding from body openings . What is the Ebola virus ?	WHO spokesman says there 's no link between Congo , Uganda outbreaks The natural habitat of the virus is the central African forest belt Most of the Congo cases and deaths occurred in the Isiro area The virus is highly infectious and often fatal
CNN  -- Scandinavia 's humanitarian generosity in the 1990s appears to have had some unintended , and unwelcome , consequences , as dozens of young ethnic Somalis living there have embraced jihad , returning to the Horn of Africa to join the al Qaeda affiliate Al-Shabaab . Norway 's Intelligence Agency PST is still investigating whether one of the attackers at the Westgate Mall in Nairobi had lived in Norway . The 23-year old had come to Norway with his family at the age of nine as a refugee , but according to Norwegian media had become unsettled after being unable to find work and begun to frequent jihadist websites . In a statement last week , the PST said it had not yet been determined whether the man took part in the attack , but added : "  Based on the information that we have uncovered this far in the investigation ... the suspicion of his involvement has been strengthened . " If it is confirmed , the Norwegian citizen will become the latest in a lengthening line of Somalis from Scandinavia who have either joined Al-Shabaab or planned terror attacks in their adopted homelands . He would also , like his compatriot Anders Breivik -- an anti-Muslim extremist who killed dozens at a youth camp at Utoya island near Oslo in 2011 -- have demonstrated just how deadly gun assaults on civilians can be . The Al-Shabaab commander known as Ikrima who was targeted by US Navy SEALs in an unsuccessful raid in Somalia earlier this month also spent several years in Norway . Kenyan counter-terrorism sources told CNN they suspected Ikrima had a hand in the Westgate attack and was connected to the suspected Norwegian gunman . Kenya mall attack video fuels army looting claims Morten Storm , a Dane and former intelligence informant who penetrated Al-Shabaab and spent time with Ikrima , told CNN that Danish intelligence are particularly concerned about the threat of a Somali terrorist operative who works closely with Ikrimah called Abu Musab al Somali . Storm says Danish intelligence told him of their concern that al Somali was planning terrorist attacks inside Denmark after intercepting communications between him and militants there . Al Somali -- who also goes by the name Abu Muslim -- came to Denmark as a young refugee , was granted permanent resident status , and settled in Copenhagen . In 2005 , al Somali travelled to Somalia where he joined other foreign fighters affiliated with the Islamic Courts Union , an Islamist militia that evolved into Al Shabaab . A year later al Somali travelled to Yemen to broker a weapons deal with al Qaeda , according to Storm . After serving about two years in jail al Somali returned to Somalia , where he joined Al-Shabaab . According to Storm , who exchanged messages with al Somali , he also worked closely with Jehad Serwan Mostafa , an American Shabaab operative wanted by the FBI , and Abdelkadir Warsame , a Somali Al-Shabaab operative who was arrested navigating the sea between Yemen and Somalia by the United States in 2011 . Ikrima 's name also featured in the trial of two Swedish Somalis who were arrested in 2010 after allegedly training with Al-Shabaab in Somalia . Swedish authorities accused them of planning to return to Somalia to carry out terrorist attacks . A phone intercept between a senior Al Shabaab figure in Somalia and one of those arrested was introduced during the trial . "  You should contact this brother -- his name is Ikrima , " the senior figure said on the phone . After being convicted the pair were subsequently acquitted by an Appeals court , but it nevertheless noted the men were in contact with , and sympathetic to , Al-Shabaab . Analysts estimate there are several hundred committed Al-Shabaab supporters across Scandinavia . There are about 25,000 ethnic Somalis in Norway , 17,000 in Denmark and 44,000 in Sweden . The great majority arrived after Somalia collapsed as a state in 1991 . Most have been grateful for sanctuary but a very small minority have become radicalized , especially among those who came to Europe as children . In one of the most bizarre cases , two teenage sisters of Somali origin left their home in Norway last week -- apparently headed to Syria . According to a Norwegian police statement : "  The family that reported the missing girls is deeply concerned by the purpose of the journey and fears they might have gone to Syria . " The Norwegian newspaper Verdens Gang reported that the sisters , aged 16 and 19 , left a message saying for their family saying Muslims in Syria were being "  attacked from all directions . " Among ethnic Somalis who have tried to carry out acts of terrorism in Scandinavia is Mohamed Geele , who first moved to Denmark in 1995 at the age of 12 . Three years ago , he tried to murder Kurt Westergaard , the Danish cartoonist responsible in 2005 for a controversial depiction of the Prophet Mohammed . Police arrived minutes after Geele forced his way into Westergaard 's house in Aarhus with an ax . Geele had already been under observation by Danish security services because of his suspected close links to Al-Shabaab . He is now serving a nine-year sentence for attempted murder . Of all al Qaeda 's affiliates none has made more noise about the cartoons than Al-Shabaab . Some analysts believe that is because Scandinavian Somalis brought their anger over the issue with them when they travelled to Somalia to join Al-Shabaab . The group has explicitly threatened another Scandinavian cartoonist , Lars Vilks . In a 2011 video subtitled in English and Swedish , Abu Zaid Sweden -- a Swedish-Somali member of the group -- said : "  We will catch you wherever you are . " And he added : In whatever hole you are hiding -- know what awaits you -- as it will be nothing but this : slaughter , " as he simulated slitting his throat . Michael Taarnby , one of Denmark 's leading experts on Al-Shabaab , told CNN in 2011 : "  Intelligence services have very little understanding of what 's going on . Recruiting informants has been an uphill battle because Somalis do n't trust them to protect them . " "  Those attracted are usually quite young -- there 's the usual issue of a clash of cultures -- of being stuck between east Africa and Scandinavia and not knowing where they belong , " Taarnby told CNN . Al-Shabaab has recruiters in several Western countries who try to persuade young Somalis to join the group in Somalia , and help them get there , according to Western counter-terrorism officials . There is also evidence that jihadists of non-Somali backgrounds in Scandinavia have gravitated toward Al-Shabaab . One reason is the increased mixing of Somali nationals with extremists of Arab and south Asian descent in hardline Salafi mosques across Scandinavia . Munir Awad , who is Lebanese-born but lived in Sweden , was one of four men convicted of a plotting a Mumbai-style attack against the offices of a Danish newspaper , Jyllands-Posten , in 2010 . The newspaper had printed cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed several years previously . Awad was suspected of having joined up with jihadist militants in Somalia in 2006 before fleeing the country , according to a Danish security source . He was sentenced to 12 years in prison . The numbers of militants traveling from Europe to Somalia is believed to have slowed in the last two years because of setbacks suffered by Al-Shabaab in Somalia , its internal power struggle , stories of mistreatment of Western recruits , and the magnetic pull of jihad in Syria . But Scandinavia 's intelligence services remain concerned about a terror pipeline to , and from , east Africa .	Dozens of young ethnic Somalis living in Scandinavia have embraced jihad Norwegian officials investigating whether one of Westgate mall attacks had lived there Teenage sisters of Somali origin left home in Norway last week , apparently for Syria One ethnic Somali tried to murder cartoonist who depicted Prophet Mohammed
CNN  -- Every week , there 's a new Facebook thing to gripe about . This week , there have been two -- and it 's only Tuesday . On Sunday , it was discovered that the 900 million-person social network was "  testing " a feature that would let people see a digital list of the people who were nearby in real life . Called "  Find Friends Nearby , " the app was pulled down by Tuesday morning after the Internet freaked out . Commenters said things like "  Hell to the naw " and "  BAD FACEBOOK !! " and generally complaining that the feature , which was difficult to find , much less use , invades privacy and will lead to stalking . If that 's not enough , a company named Friendthem reportedly threatened a lawsuit , saying Facebook stole its idea for the location-aware feature . Apparently , Friendthem would like to share the heat . Item two : A blogger noticed over the weekend that Facebook , without asking permission , had changed the default e-mail addresses of all of its digital residents to @facebook . com accounts . It 's easy enough to change back , as the site Lifehacker and others have detailed , but that little invasion of the hub of digital identity -- the Facebook Timeline -- was enough to make quite a few Facebookers fire back at their digital overlords . Security researchers called the move dangerous . Normal people felt violated . "  Up next : Facebook inside your underwear drawer ! " a commenter wrote on our site . So that was this week . But it seems like every week has been feeling a little like that . The fact that an anti-Facebook sentiment bubbles beneath the currents of modern life is , of course , nothing new . When the company introduced the now-popular News Feed in September 2006 , users threw a fit -- and many abandoned the young network , at least for a moment . Let 's put the brakes on for just a second and ask a few questions : Are people mad about Facebook 's individual decisions -- the e-mail , the tracking , the News Feed -- or do the roots of this discontent reach into deeper , darker places ? If it 's the latter , why are people so continually frustrated ? Do we hold Facebook to too high of a standard ? Is the social network turning its back on users ? Or is it just that our digital lives are now so invested in Facebook that it would be nearly impossible to pull out at this point -- and , because of that , we feel helpless ? Here are a few theories about what 's actually going on with people 's unhappiness with Facebook . Take a look and let us know which you think is most accurate -- or offer up a theory of your own -- in the comments . Facebook has become an octopus And by "  octopus " we mean it 's got too many tentacles to manage . This theory is put forward by the blog the Next Web , which says Facebook is buying too many new companies -- Instagram , Glancee -- and trying too many new things .  This is a critique more commonly lobbed at Google , especially when it was launching one product after the next that flopped : Google Wave , Google Buzz , etc. , etc. "  When you start packing in more features while you 're removing none of them , feature creep will happen and users will start to ask the question ` Why ca n't they just make it easy for me to talk to my friends ? ' " Drew Olanoff wrote . "  After all , that 's why people started leaving MySpace to go to Facebook in the first place , because it simply tried to do too much . " Writing for Forbes , Kashmir Hill puts it this way : "  Facebook would love to be the all-inclusive resort of the Web , replete with complementary digital daiquiris  that you 're forced to chug  upon entry . " Facebook is a technocracy , and we want a democracy As Alexis Madrigal writes for the Atlantic , Facebook has evolved into a "  technocracy " : a government of sorts that 's run by engineers who value efficiency above all else . When you complain to the real-world government , you can expect a response -- or you can use your voting power  or run for office  to push for change . At Facebook , 2 million complaints per week are handled largely by computers and a staff of a few hundred people . Their aim is to process as many issues per day as possible , to help people connect and , as Madrigal puts it , to stop people from leaving the site "  by minimizing their negative experiences . " "  Facebook 's desire for efficiency means democracy is out and technocratic , developer-king rule is in , " he writes . Even when the site does give its users a chance to weigh in on policy , Madrigal says , users do n't take up the offer . In a vote about a recent privacy policy change , 0.038 % of users participated . There 's no competition Hope and pray all you want , but there 's no other online social network with 900 million people . Chances are , most of your friends are on Facebook , so even if you try to go to a competing network like Google + , it might be as fun as talking to your cat . Here 's a list of alternatives from our What 's Next blog , but none of them seems like actual competition in terms of numbers . Facebook cares more about investors than users Facebook went public this year , leading to criticisms that the site 's motives have changed . Is it focused on cash instead of users ? While that complaint may be premature -- CEO Mark Zuckerberg maintains a majority stake in the company , so he does n't have to listen to investors and his board all that much -- the company 's IPO , and the billionaires and millionaires who resulted from it , doubtlessly cloud how people see Facebook 's motives . And it does n't help to know that , in mid-May , you were worth only $ 1.21 to Facebook . "  How much does Facebook value its users ? In strictly monetary terms , about as much as a bag of chips , " David Goldman wrote for our sister site CNNMoney.com . Or , as Slate put it , Facebook is "  conducting an experiment in corporate dictatorship nearly without precedent for such a large and high-profile company . " Facebook is no fun  anymore ... I put the question of what 's really wrong with Facebook out on my Google Plus feed , in part because that network is a hotbed for Facebook defectors . Several followers brought up interesting points , the simplest of which is that Facebook , as it grew , became un-fun . "  Facebook started as a social network that was ` fun ' to update your friends and classmates  since it started for-college students only  and grew into something that can affect your career , reputation and invade your privacy , " one user , identified as Julie Hancher , wrote . Here 's another thought , from a person identified as Robert Sons : "  Bombardment with stories you do n't care about from people you barely care about . Depression that you 're jealously stalking other 's lives instead of living your own . Shallowness of content . The more content you absorb , the less valuable your own posts seem . " And I 'll give the final word to Carlos Ochoa , who wrote , simply : "  Everyone uses Facebook but nobody likes it . " Let us know what you think in the comments below .	Two incidents this week cause backlash against Facebook The company changes users ' e-mail addresses , tests "  Find Friends " feature But what concerns underlie the discontent with Facebook ?
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A passenger sitting at the rear of the US Airways flight forced to land in the Hudson River testified Tuesday he climbed over about a dozen rows of seats as he tried to escape through the front of the floating plane . Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger testifies in Washington about landing in New York 's Hudson River . Billy Campbell is the only passenger scheduled to testify before an aviation safety panel chaired by Robert Sumwalt , vice chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board . Tuesday was the first of three days of hearings , which will try to determine the probable cause of the January 15 accident , he said . A final determination will be made by the entire NTSB board . "  I am committed to an impartial and complete investigation of this accident , " Sumwalt said at the opening . Also on the board are two deputy directors : John DeLisi from the Office of Aviation Safety and Joseph Kolly from the Office of Research and Engineering . The plane 's pilot , Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger , was forced to land the Airbus A320 after both of its engines failed . Officials almost immediately blamed it on birds , probably Canada geese , being sucked into the engines . Monday , Smithsonian Institution scientists said analysis of feathers found in the engines showed that at least three Canada geese were involved . All 155 people aboard were safely evacuated after the plane skidded to a stop in the river . Sullenberger , the hearing 's first witness , recommended that training in water landings be mandatory for all pilots . Watch Sullenberger describe the river landing " Campbell , who was in seat 25A , a window seat , was asked to detail what happened before and after landing . He testified he heard a loud explosion about three minutes after takeoff . The plane "  shuddered , " there was a smell of jet fuel , and the left engine was on fire , he said . One passenger tried to get something from an overhead bin but was ordered to sit down by a flight attendant . He hoped the plane would make it to an airport , but it became evident they were descending over the river . Watch as gripping plane audio is played during the hearing " "  Captain Sullenberger comes on and says brace for impact , " Campbell said . "  I knew we were going to crash into the river , because I was near the window . " Campbell said that once the plane hit the river , water streamed in from his and other windows , and water from elsewhere began filling the aisle . He said he was unable to dislodge the life vest from under the seat . Flight attendant Doreen Welsh told passengers in the back that they could not go out the back door and ordered them to "  turn around and go to the front . " Campbell said he did n't know why the door would n't open . Once the plane struck the Hudson River between New York and New Jersey , "  I think our biggest fear was how long would the plane stay afloat , " Campbell said . When they landed , the pilot lifted the nose of the plane , and water poured into the aisles . "  I did see the plane submerge ; we were under water , " Campbell said . "  Then the plane bounced back but started to lift to the right . " He said he did n't know the left engine was sheared off . He feared they would tip over . After being told he could n't go out the back door , he began climbing over seats to reach the front . At one point , he helped a woman and child who were trying to flee . He , Sullenberger and the co-pilot got on a rubber raft , but it was tethered to the plane . A crew member from a rescue ferry threw them a knife so they could cut the cord , Campbell said . Campbell was asked whether he had read the safety card in the seat pocket in front of him , and he said he had n't , because he flies so much . He said that when the pilot told everyone to "  brace for impact , " he knew what that meant because he 'd seen the order in movies . "  I think a lot of us are unclear about the definition of that term , " he said . A technical panel providing expertise to the board includes Robert Benzon , hearing officer and investigator-in-charge of the crash . Also in the audience were representatives of the Federal Aviation Administration , the Air Line Pilots Association , the Association of Flight Attendants , US Airways , Airbus and CFM International . All were allowed to question the witnesses .	Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger was forced to land a plane in the Hudson River Canada geese got sucked into the two engines of the Airbus A320 , disabling both All 155 people aboard were safely evacuated Water landings should be mandatory for all pilots , Sullenberger says
Rio de Janeiro , Brazil  CNN  -- It 's called "  cracolandia " -- crackland -- where drug users crouch underneath plastic tarps and shuffle down a dimly lit road like modern-day zombies . One young woman in jean shorts wanders by , pushing a baby carriage piled high with garbage . There are stacks of disposable plastic water cups used as improvised crack pipes . Brazil has surpassed the United States as the world 's No. 1 consumer of crack cocaine , according to the Federal University of Sao Paulo . It shares borders with the world 's biggest cocaine-producing countries -- Colombia , Peru and Bolivia . Strong economic growth has meant more disposable income for everything from microwave ovens to drugs . North of the famed Maracana soccer stadium in Rio de Janeiro , users in "  cracolandia " openly smoke the small , single-hit balls that cost 5 reais , or about $ 2.20 . There are between 300 and 400 people camped out at this crack haven every night . One , Zair , rests on crutches as he lights up . "  People say crack is the drug of death , but I do n't think it is , " he said , laughing . "  I 've been smoking for eight years . " Tatiana sits on a stained couch nearby . She turns tricks in exchange for crack . When asked whether she wants to get off the streets , she shakes her head and asks for a lighter . Brazil is in the middle of a drug epidemic as it prepares to host the World Cup soccer tournament in 12 cities beginning in June . Billboards reading "  Crack . Freedom or death " line highways leading to cities and to small farming towns . Officials have launched a string of initiatives to address the addiction with mixed results . Critics say the focus has been on cleaning up the streets rather than specifically addressing the causes of addiction or providing solutions for users . Others are trying to help . One night a week , volunteers from the Evangelical Love of God Church drive to Rio de Janeiro 's crack havens in their battered VW van with vats of food . Crack users wait in line for bowls of spaghetti and bow their heads in prayer with the volunteers , themselves recovering addicts . Robson has been free of drugs for three months now . He reads from the Bible and wraps those he recognizes in bear hugs . "  I 'm giving witness , showing them what God can do if they 're willing , " he said . A security guard with a wife and children , Robson used drugs for a decade before getting hooked on crack cocaine . "  It was like love at first sight , " he said . "  But it stole my personality , my whole being . " He ended up on the very same streets where he now works , trying to save lost souls . "  Look at them . They all had lives and families , but they 're enslaved by drugs , " he said . After every visit , a few more people end up back at the dilapidated shelter and rehab center built on the roof of the warehouse-style Evangelical Love of God Church . They sleep on beds crammed 14 to a room and cook meals over open fires . They spend their days in prayer and doing chores : cooking , cleaning , cutting hair . After evening prayer service , they walk to the local football court , sweating it out in two-hour matches . The church was founded by the Rev. Celio Ricardo and his wife . Ricardo says he started using cocaine when he was 15 and was n't able to break the addiction until he discovered religion . "  You can only understand tears if you 've cried . I know their weaknesses , " he said . Ricardo veers between shouts and tears during his sermons . The recovering addicts and their families fill the pews . Men shake like possessed souls and collapse on the floor . Ricardo encourages the men to live at the rehab center for at least nine months to avoid temptation while they try to break free from their addictions . Nonetheless , two-thirds of them relapse . "  But they have our address when they 're ready , " Ricardo said . "  They know where they can get help , where they can find people who believe they can change . " Robson is back at the makeshift shelter for the second time , but he 's optimistic it will be his last . He dreams of being sober in time for his daughter 's 15th birthday . "  For the first time , will I be there with her standing next to the cake ? " he asked and flashed a huge smile . He 's clean and has the motivation . But he also knows he has fallen before .	Brazil is suffering an epidemic as figures show it is the world 's No. 1 crack consumer In Rio , addicts smoke while volunteers try to persuade people away from drugs Official initiatives have been launched to tackle the problem But critics say they are aimed at clearing streets before the World Cup , not at helping addicts
Lonely Planet  -- Romance runs rich through Italy 's veins , with icons of amore to melt the hardest heart . But the most famous sight is n't always the most swoon-worthy ; find the real romance of Italy with a hot date at one of these alternative picks . Verona Romance icon : Juliet 's balcony . The dainty stone balcony at the 14th-century Casa di Giulietta is a magnet for lovers  and Shakespeare fans  . Visiting romantics scrawl heart-rending graffiti in the charming courtyard and smooch on the balcony with their own Romeos . It 's all rather lovely , which means tourists generally remain untroubled by the lack of any connection between the fictional lovers and the Veronese noblemen who actually lived here . The alternative : the Roman arena by night . If literature 's star-crossed lovers do n't inspire , spend a balmy evening at Verona 's 1st-century Roman amphitheater . Find a space for two on the steep stone steps , and the evening is yours to sip wine , be dazzled by on-stage theatrics , and gaze at a starry sky . Take snacks , a blanket and most essentially , a pillow  those stone steps have seriously bum-numbing qualities  . Thrifty lovers can snap up tickets for summer operas and ballets from as little as 10 euros  www.arena.it  . Lonely Planet : Italy for honeymooners Venice Romance icon : a gondola ride . Climbing aboard Venice 's iconic boats to drift around the city 's canals , to the tune of a singing gondolier , is the holy grail of Italy 's romantic experiences . That is , until you see the price tag . There 's no doubting the beauty of Venice from the water , but the pleasure does n't come cheap  and yes , they do charge extra for the singing  . The alternative : a bicycle made for two . Flee the flocks of visitors in central Venice with a summer ferry excursion to The Lido . With a day 's bicycle hire , you and your date can pedal around the shady streets and catch some R&R away from Venice 's manic center . Check out www.lidoonbike.it , who can set you up with the most kitsch date there is , a two-seater tandem bike . Rome Romance icon : Trevi Fountain . Throw in one coin , and you 'll return to Rome someday . Throw in two , you 'll marry an Italian . Throw in more than that and well , desperate is not a good look . Lovers line up to take each other 's photo next to this jaw-dropping edifice , but crowds and coin-hurling visitors do n't make for a dream date . The alternative : the dome of St Peter 's Basilica . Who would have thought the holiest of holies is the perfect place for a secret kiss ? Start early for a climb to the top of Vatican City 's gigantic dome  but spare yourself the blisters and take the lift part-way  . If you 're there for the opening time of 8 a.m. , you 'll likely have a hazy view of Vatican City all to yourselves , and ample space for a quick smooch . Lonely Planet : Explosive Italy : a volcano-lover 's guide Florence Romance icon : Galleria degli Uffizi . With the muscular form of Michelangelo 's David setting hearts a-flutter outside the Galleria dell ` Accademia , and comely Renaissance maidens in every gallery , it 's the artistic heart of Florence that plucks at the heart strings . And nowhere elicits lovelorn sighs more than the Uffizi , with emblems of love like Botticelli 's "  The Birth of Venus " gracing its walls . But museum fatigue from the brain-boggling volume of art , not to mention bumping elbows with hordes of other visitors , can sap that lovin ' feeling . The alternative : Giardino di Boboli . These gardens , a short walk from the Uffizi , are a perfect lovers ' escape  learn more on the official website  . The further you wander into the gardens , the more secluded spaces you 'll find . Seek out a manicured corner of Florence 's most beautiful green space , breathe in the scent of citrus trees and sigh among statues of bathing nymphs . Lonely Planet : Europe 's greatest seaside escapes  2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	Snap up tickets for summer operas and ballets for as little as 10 euros in Verona Flee the flocks of visitors in central Venice with a summer ferry excursion to The Lido Get a view of Vatican City all to yourselves by heading to the dome of St Peter 's Basilica early
CNN  -- With its wonky arguments about taxes and health care , Wednesday 's presidential debate may not have been the most riveting 90 minutes of the 2012 campaign . But the faceoff between President Obama and GOP challenger Mitt Romney produced no shortage of humor on Twitter , where observers cracked jokes about everything from Romney 's perceived swipe at "  Sesame Street 's " Big Bird to Jim Lehrer 's passive moderating style . By the end of the debate , both @FiredBigBird and @SilentJimLehrer were newly minted Twitter accounts with thousands of followers . And Twitter reported 10.3 million tweets during the debate , making it "  the most tweeted-about event in U.S. politics . " But many people on Twitter just thought the debate was boring . Here are 25 of our favorite debate-related tweets : W. Kamau Bell -- The media is promoting the #debates like a full on sports event . People are going to be real disappointed when it 's just 2 dudes talking . Linna Sandstrm -- Romney has a bigger US flag pin than Obama . The debate is over ? #debates Storify : Jim Lehrer , the silent moderator Sarah Littman -- Mitt : "  I like coal " Poor people will find it in their stockings if I am President . #debates Rachel Lichtman -- So far the only Zingers are in Chris Christie 's glove compartment . #debates Todd Barry -- These guys are both feeding off the energy of the crowd . #debates Marc Lombardi -- The debate would be much more interesting & informative if a buzzer went off every time an untrue statement was made . #debates Kathleen Madigan -- So far , this is as exciting as lunesta . Which I love . #mockthevote Aaron Blitzstein -- "  It 's time for my second question . " - Jim Lehrer at 3pm tomorrow Indecision -- This campaign to re-elect Bill Clinton is going really well . #debates Storify : Big Bird and the presidential debate Kristi Harrison -- I have to admit they 're both pretty handsome . I 'm waiting for the swimsuit competition to decide . #debates Fired Big Bird -- Somewhere Paul Ryan is kicking over trash cans in hopes of smoking out Oscar the Grouch Jim Sterling -- Obama is winning in the "  Looking amazingly condescending when the other guy talks " race . #debates Danny Sullivan -- Sorry , that was Obama spending five seconds arguing that he 's owed five more seconds to argue #debates Phil Plait -- After reading all the variations of the debate drinking games , I have decided to simply remove my liver and set it on fire . Mo Mandel -- This is the worst SNL skit of all time . #debates Tara Ariano -- Frankly , neither candidate is working hard enough to land the immigrant feminist small business owner non-voting socialist vote . #debate Big Bird Romney -- If you do n't vote Obama , Mitt Romney is going to be eating me by the end of November . Show your support . #BigBird2012 Dave Weigel -- This is like watching a tax law professor debate an investment advice infomercial host Silent Jim Lehrer -- ... I. . . so , I. . . guys ... Patton Oswalt -- Hey Obama -- TRAIN WITH HILLARY . This is ROCKY III and she 's your Apollo Creed . #eyeofthetiger Nisha Chittal -- where is the orchestra from the Emmys when you need them ! #debates Crystal Bruce -- Whoever dances off stage horse riding style to Open Gangnam -- wins ! #debates2012 Doug Benson -- 14 minutes until we can all go back to preferring the candidate we liked when the debate started . #debate Dennis Miller Show -- Obama better hope a Kicked A ** is covered under Obamacare Are You Italian ? -- The debates in my house are much louder . # 2012debate CNN 's Doug Gross and Heather Kelly contributed to this story .	Snarky commenters on Twitter poked fun at the candidates during Wednesday 's debate Twitter users thought the debate was dull and moderator Jim Lehrer failed to control the two rivals Making jokes on Twitter about live events has become a popular pastime for some
MUMBAI , India  CNN  -- An Indian official said the coordinated terrorist attacks that killed at least 183 people in nine sites across Mumbai this week could have been much worse . An Indian soldier carries his rifle outside the Taj Mahal Hotel on Saturday in Mumbai , India . "  We found bullets with them , hand grenades , bombs , " R.R. Patil , deputy chief minister of Maharashtra state , said at a news conference . "  Based on our investigation , we believe they had planned to kill 5,000 people . " Indian authorities also were investigating whether some of the attackers may have gotten away , blending into Mumbai 's 18 million residents . Another top official at the news conference pointed to a connection with Pakistan . "  Yes , the captured terrorist was Pakistani , as the home minister and others have said , " said Vilasrao Deshmukh , chief minister of Maharashtra , where Mumbai is located . "  As far as the others , the accomplices , the investigation , the interrogation is under way and the details will become public very soon . " Police and soldiers continued their room-by-room sweep of the Taj Mahal Hotel late Saturday to make sure all trapped guests had been evacuated and no gunmen remained hidden . Watch the destruction left at the hotel " Pakistan 's President Asif Ali Zardari pledged his country 's full cooperation with the investigation and vowed to take "  the strictest action " if it is found the terrorists were based in Pakistan . Investigators probing the attacks said they found cell phones and a global navigational device on an abandoned boat floating off the coast of Mumbai , CNN 's sister station CNN-IBN reported . The television station showed photographs of a phone 's log that indicated calls had been placed to Pakistan . The boat , intelligence officials told CNN-IBN , had been hijacked . The captain was found dead , lying face down with his hands bound behind his back . Four crew members were missing . Zardari -- whose wife , Benazir Bhutto , was assassinated a year ago -- said he was "  as committed as can be " to wiping out the terrorists because they also threaten him and his country . Watch Mumbai 's history of violence " "  They may not be the same individuals , but they are definitely the same forces with the same mindset . " Zardari said Pakistan 's cooperation with Indian investigators will be present "  without any hesitation whatsoever . " "  As the president of Pakistan , let me assure you , if any evidence points to any individual or group in my part of the country , I shall take the strictest of action in light of the evidence and in front of the world . " Pakistan 's foreign minister , Shah Mahmood Qureshi , vowed Saturday to take action against any group within its borders if it is found to be involved with the attacks . "  The Indian leadership has not blamed the government of Pakistan ; please be very clear on that , " he said . "  What we have said is , if we have information , if they  India  have evidence , they should share it with us . As far as the government of Pakistan is concerned , terrorism is terrorism and we do not qualify it nor do we differentiate between organizations . " President Bush , returning to Washington on Saturday from a Thanksgiving break at Camp David , Maryland , extended condolences and support to the Indian people and government . "  The killers that struck this week are brutal and violent . But terror will not have the final word , " Bush said on the south lawn of the White House . "  The people of India are resilient , the people of India are strong . They 've built a vibrant , multi-ethnic democracy that can withstand this trial . " "  As the people of the world 's largest democracy recover from these attacks , they can count on the world 's oldest democracy to stand by their side , " he added . Meanwhile , security forces at the Taj hotel , the site of the terrorists ' final stand , carried out a series of controlled explosions Saturday afternoon to defuse explosives they came across as they combed through the 565 rooms of the Victorian structure . Read more about those killed in the terror attacks J.K. Dutt , director-general of the National Security Guard , told a throng of reporters that security forces had killed three gunmen during the mission to clear the Taj hotel , but officials were not ready to declare the operation over until they finished their room-by-room search . Watch survivor say gunmen were targeting Britons and Americans " Dutt appealed to guests who may be hiding in their rooms to open their window curtains to signal their presence to security officials . The hotel was secured Saturday morning . Minutes earlier , a fire -- which Dutt said had been set by the terrorists as a diversionary tactic -- swept through the ground floor of the 105-year-old building and coincided with an end to rifle fire . The blaze was quickly brought under control . Learn more about the hotel 's history and future " Meanwhile thousands gathered at the city 's largest park , Shivaji Park , to say farewell to Hemant Karkare , the head of Mumbai 's antiterrorism squad . Karkare was shot three times by gunmen outside the Cama Hospital , one of nine sites the attackers targeted Wednesday night . He was one of at least 17 police officers who died in the attacks . By Saturday evening the death toll from the attacks reached at least 183 , federal officials said . State officials are reviewing the higher toll of 195 they released earlier . An additional 300 people were wounded , including 23 foreigners , said Vandana Pawar , a Mumbai disaster management official . The official death toll does not include the at least 11 gunmen killed . The toll is expected to rise as authorities count the casualties inside the Taj Mahal Hotel , whose burned-out lobby was littered with shards of glass . Watch victim speak about ordeal " Indian officials found five bodies of hostages who had been held inside the Chabad House , a Jewish community center . The dead included an American rabbi , his Israeli wife , a second American rabbi and two other people . Two gunmen were also killed . At the Oberoi Hotel -- another luxury hotel where gunmen took hostages before they were killed -- 36 people were found dead , according to Bhushan Gagrani , a state official for Maharashtra , where Mumbai is located . "  We were in there for 36 hours in our room , " said Vinka Clemmett , one of the survivors of the Oberoi attack . "  We heard the first explosion ... kind of a big silver tray had dropped on the floor . And then about five minutes later ,  we  heard the shooting , and it just went on and on . And my first reaction was , ` Oh , God forgive them , ' because I knew that people were being killed . It was just obvious that something terrible was happening . " A UK security source told CNN that officials were investigating why two bodies believed to be those of terrorists were found with British identification documents . He said another gunman was captured alive . Watch a timeline of the attacks " The gunmen were in their 20s and appeared well-trained , a member of the Indian navy 's commando unit said . Police say boats took the men to Mumbai 's waterfront near the Gateway of India monument , near the Taj hotel . Officials said the men had prepared for months , setting up "  control rooms " in the two hotels . Indian authorities said no one had claimed responsibility , although a group calling itself Deccan Mujahideen said in e-mails to Indian news outlets that it was behind the attack . CNN 's Andrew Stevens , Mallika Kapur , Harmeet Shah Singh , Saeed Ahmed , Sara Sidner , Alessio Vinci , Reza Sayah and Paula Newton contributed to this report .	NEW : Terrorists armed with grenades , bombs , official says NEW : India 's democracy ` can withstand this trial , ' President Bush says Officials link boat floating off Mumbai to attacks ; calls placed to Pakistan At least 183 killed during attacks , according to federal officials
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Natasha Richardson , a film star , Tony-winning stage actress and member of the famed Redgrave acting family , died Wednesday after suffering injuries in a ski accident , according to a family statement . She was 45 . Natasha Richardson fell on a beginners ' slope in Canada . Richardson , wife of actor Liam Neeson , was injured Monday in a fall on a ski slope at a Quebec resort about 80 miles northwest of Montreal . Richardson 's family released a statement saying , "  Liam Neeson , his sons , and the entire family are shocked and devastated by the tragic death of their beloved Natasha . They are profoundly grateful for the support , love and prayers of everyone , and ask for privacy during this very difficult time . " According to a statement from Mont Tremblant Ski Resort , Richardson fell during a lesson on a beginners ' trail . Watch a report on Richardson 's life " "  She did not show any visible sign of injury , but the ski patrol followed strict procedures and brought her back to the bottom of the slope and insisted she should see a doctor , " the statement said . Richardson , accompanied by her instructor , returned to her hotel , but about an hour after the fall was "  not feeling good , " the statement said . An ambulance was called , and Richardson was taken to a local hospital before being transferred to Hopital du Sacre-Coeur in Montreal . From there she was transferred to Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City . Friends and colleagues were saddened by her death . "  Natasha was brilliant , beautiful , funny , talented beyond measure , as emotionally raw as she was razor sharp , " said Jodie Foster , who worked with Richardson in "  Nell , " in a statement . "  Tasha loved fiercely and that love continues in all of us who knew her . May Liam , her beautiful boys and her loving family hold her close as they move through this tragic moment . " "  Natasha combined the best of -LSB- her parents , Vanessa -RSB- Redgrave and -LSB- Tony -RSB- Richardson : the enormous depth and emotional force of a great actor on the one hand , and the intelligence and objectivity of a great director on the other . She was a one-of-a-kind , a magnificent actress , " said director Sam Mendes in a statement . Mendes directed Richardson in her Tony-winning "  Cabaret " performance . Richardson was practically born to perform . Her grandfather , Sir Michael Redgrave , was a famed British actor . Her mother , Vanessa Redgrave , is an Oscar-winning actress , and her father , the late director Tony Richardson , helmed such films as "  Look Back in Anger , " "  The Entertainer " and the Oscar-winning "  Tom Jones . " Natasha Richardson 's uncle Corin Redgrave , aunt Lynn Redgrave , and sister Joely Richardson are also noted performers . But being part of a family of actors was n't always easy for Richardson . Her parents divorced when she was 4 and her mother , involved in controversial political causes , gave away a lot of money , putting the family in financial straits , according to the BBC . Then there was the family heritage , of which Richardson once said , "  Though my name opened doors it did n't get me work , and a lot of pressure comes from having a mother who is considered one of the greatest actresses of her generation , " the BBC reported . In 2007 , Richardson worked with her mother in the film "  Evening . " Richardson said she made one point to director Lajos Koltai about the relatives working together . "  This is a unique opportunity , " she said she told him . "  This is the one time my mother and I are going to play mother and daughter on screen , so you 've got to take advantage of it . " Watch Richardson talk about working with her mom " Richardson 's first film role was a bit part in her father 's "  The Charge of the Light Brigade "  1968  , made when she was 4 . After a handful of roles through her teens and early 20s , she broke through as Mary Shelley in Ken Russell 's film "  Gothic , " and followed that up as Patty Hearst in Paul Schrader 's 1988 film of the same name . iReport.com : Share memories of Richardson Richardson 's other notable films included "  The Handmaid 's Tale "  1990  ; the TV movie "  Zelda "  1993  ; "  Nell "  1994  , alongside Neeson , whom she married in 1994 ; the 1998 remake of "  The Parent Trap " ; and "  Wild Child "  2008  . Watch Larry King and his panel talk about Richardson 's career and death " But some of Richardson 's greatest successes were on the stage . At 22 , she played opposite her mother and Jonathan Pryce in a London production of Anton Chekhov 's "  The Seagull " ; the performance earned her the London Drama Critics ' most promising newcomer award . She won a Tony for her performance as Sally Bowles in the 1998 revival of "  Cabaret " and earned raves for her Blanche DuBois in a 2005 production of "  A Streetcar Named Desire . " She was scheduled to perform in a revival of Stephen Sondheim 's "  A Little Night Music " this year , following a January benefit performance of the show . She and Neeson have two children , Michael and Daniel . Richardson was married to Robert Fox from 1990 to 1994 .	Actress Natasha Richardson fell Monday while skiing Richardson appeared fine , but became ill soon after Actress , 45 , was daughter of Vanessa Redgrave , wife of Liam Neeson Family says they are "  shocked and devastated , " thank all for support
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's daughter touched the hearts of millions when she bid a tearful farewell to her father at his memorial service in a rare public appearance . Paris Jackson , 11 , is consoled by her uncle Marlon Jackson after delivering a tearful tribute to her father . With her brief speech , 11-year-old Paris Jackson also shocked the event 's organizers , who said her appearance was not a planned part of Tuesday 's star-studded tribute to the "  King of Pop " at Los Angeles ' Staples Center . "  Ever since I was born , daddy has been the best father you could ever imagine , " she said , fighting back tears as relatives consoled her . "  And I just want to say that I love him so much , " she said as she burst into tears and sought refuge in the embrace of family members . Watch her emotional goodbye " For many watching , Paris ' appearance marked a rare glimpse of a child who has spent most of her life shielded from the public . Born to two mothers -- Jackson 's ex-wife Debbie Rowe and an unidentified woman who reportedly served as a surrogate -- Jackson 's three children lived and traveled the world with him , their faces often covered by veils and masks when appearing in public . In its execution , the speech appeared to be a surprise to those onstage and off . "  It was a surprise they were there . All of us who know them were delighted they were strong enough to come and feel this love and great outpouring for their dad , " Kenny Ortega , the choreographer  "  Dirty Dancing "  who was directing Jackson 's "  This Is It " comeback concerts in London , England , told CNN 's Campbell Brown . "  We would 've never expected that they had the strength . It was beautiful . " Watch Ortega express his surprise at Paris Jackson 's tribute " Ortega , a longtime Jackson colleague who helped design the singer 's 1990s tours , said planners left the end of the show open for family members to speak if they wished to , but he was surprised when the Jackson clan -- among them , his siblings and children -- went onstage for the two last songs , "  We Are the World " and "  Heal the World . " Marlon Jackson told the crowd that his sister , pop star Janet Jackson , wished to say some words . Instead , Janet appeared to encourage Paris to come forward from the sea of black dresses and suits and take the microphone , adjusting it and stroking the child 's hair as Paris delivered her words . Ortega said he was touched by Paris ' speech . "  Michael was so close with these beautiful children , " he said . "  Little Paris was his biggest fan . ... A little girl could n't love her papa more . " The heartfelt display sparked a groundswell of emotion in the auditorium and around the world , where millions of viewers watched the service on television and the Internet . "  The saddest moment was when Michael Jackson 's daughter spoke , " said Angelina Martinez , who attended the service with her daughter , Jessica . "  She was really in pain . Everybody was crying inside , " she said . "  It was beauty combined with sadness . " Attendees , performers and speakers alike struggled for composure throughout the two-plus-hour event , which featured performances from Lionel Richie , Jennifer Hudson and Usher . But to many , Paris ' tribute cast Jackson in the one role few have experienced him as : a father . "  It was very , very touching , and really it was an example of the good parent Michael was , because when I was at Neverland and with the kids he really was a good loving father -- they had a fantastic relationship , and they were very close-knit , " Stuart Backerman said . "  So to see Paris come on in such an emotional moment and obviously give her heart out to her father was very , very touching . " Others saw the tribute as a whole as Jackson 's final legacy to his children . "  There are those I feel in years to come , will try to distort him to his children ... and not understand that the real challenges that Michael Jackson had to seriously face and did face and make a difference , " the Rev. Al Sharpton said . "  And I thought it was very important to put in context for his children what he dealt with in history and what he was able to do . "	Planners of Michael Jackson memorial say they did not know daughter would speak Appearance marks rare occasion in which Paris Jackson seen without veil Paris Jackson 's tribute to her father strikes chord with viewers around the world "  It was an example of the good parent Michael was , " former Jackson publicist says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- To hear Barack Obama tell it , he owes Stevie Wonder plenty . President Obama says if it was n't for Stevie Wonder 's music , he and the first lady may not have dated . "  I think it 's fair to say that had I not been a Stevie Wonder fan , Michelle might not have dated me . We might not have married , " Obama said Wednesday as he and the first lady hosted a concert and award ceremony for Wonder . "  The fact that we agreed on Stevie was part of the essence of our courtship . " Wonder was presented with a Gershwin Award for lifetime achievement during the event , which is scheduled to air on PBS Thursday . Wonder 's tune , "  Signed , Sealed , Delivered I 'm Yours , " was often played at Obama 's campaign stops . The president told guests at the White House that Wonder 's music was also the soundtrack to his youth and marriage . Michelle Obama told the crowd that Wonder 's love song , "  You and I , " had been the couple 's wedding song . Watch Stevie Wonder and other greats jam at the White House " Wonder accepted the award from President Obama and gave him a big hug . "  President and Mrs. Obama , I 'm so excited to know that I was a part of . ... I need n't say more , " Wonder said , drawing laughter and applause . "  I want to first of all thank God for this moment , because only through him could all this happen . " Gospel duo Mary Mary , hip-hop musician will.i.am and jazz crooner Tony Bennett were among the other performers at the event . Obama staff members said the event was part of an effort to open the White House to a broader community .	Stevie Wonder receives lifetime achievement award at White House President Obama credits Wonder for playing part in courtship with first lady Michelle Obama says Wonder 's "  You and I " was couple 's wedding song
Atlanta  CNN  Faith leaders from the Atlanta area gathered at the state capitol for a rally with a message : "  Freedom of speech and freedom of religion are under attack . " The Family Research Council organized the gathering in support of Atlanta 's recently fired fire chief , Kelvin Cochran . Cochran self-published the book "  Who Told You That You Were Naked . " The GA Voice cited two passages from the book , which refers to homosexuality as unclean , inappropriate , vile and vulgar . When his book became public , Cochran was suspended and ultimately fired by Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed . The president of the Family Research Council , Tony Perkins , along with other rally organizers and supporters , delivered nearly 40,000 petitions to city hall in support of Cochran . "  The naked truth is that the actions taken against the chief are designed to send a message that will silence Christians and in effect force them to check their faith at the door of public service , " he said . In a written statement , Reed said this is not about religious beliefs but "  the city 's nondiscrimination policy is nonnegotiable . " "  Neither race , nor gender , nor religion , nor creed , nor sexual orientation , nor physical ability , nor gender identity will be used to discriminate against any city of Atlanta employee . " Cochran spoke at the rally and said his religious beliefs have not created a hostile work environment and there has been no discrimination against any member of the LGBT community . "  There are grave consequences for publicly expressing our faith and having the audacity to believe that sex was created for procreation and should be in the bonds of holy matrimony between a man and a woman , " Cochran said . His sentiments were echoed by other faith leaders who spoke in support of him . "  How are you going to tell me that I ca n't say what the Bible says everywhere ? " asked Bishop Wellington Boone , president of the Fellowship of International Churches . "  If the Bible says that a level of acts of behavior is vile affections , it 's clearly vile affections , " he said . Cochran , a 34-year veteran of the firefighting profession , has spent the last seven years working for the Atlanta Fire and Rescue Department . He said his termination was unjust . "  All people , groups are welcomed and embraced in the city of Atlanta , except the groups that believe the scripture regarding God 's purpose for sex , " he said . Reed said Cochran 's comments eroded his confidence in the chief . "  Every single employee under the fire chief 's command deserves the certainty that he or she is a valued member of the team and that fairness and respect guide employment decisions , " Reed said . Reed also said Cochran failed to notify him about his plans to publish the book and called it an "  irreconcilable lapse in judgment . " Cochran said he received permission to write the book from the ethics director . Cochran expressed his gratitude to his supporters and maintained : "  One thing we should not have to sacrifice are the freedoms inherit in our great nation : free speech and freedom of religion . "	Kelvin Cochran 's book , "  Who Told You That You Were Naked , " decries homosexuality He and his backers say his firing violates his rights to freedom of speech , religion
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A former federal lawmaker is among at least 33 people killed in a fresh spate of violence over the past 24 hours in the Pakistani city of Karachi , police officials said Thursday . Several gunmen opened fire on Wajid Karimdad on Wednesday night shortly after he entered a restaurant for Iftar , the traditional post-fasting meal during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , said Karachi police official Naeem Shah . Police suspect the gunmen targeted Karimdad , a member of the ruling Pakistan Peoples Party . Most of the deaths on Wednesday night and Thursday morning were the result of drive-by shootings in Lyari and Baldia , two districts in Karachi that have been hit hard by years of ethnic and political violence . Some of the victims were shot to death after they were kidnapped , Shah told CNN . Officials say the killings appear to be linked to ongoing rivalries between three political parties vying for power in Pakistan largest city : the Muttahida Qaumi Movement  MQM  , the Awami National Party  ANP  , and the Pakistan Peoples Party  PPP  . The PPP , led by President Asif Ali Zardari , views Karachi as a crucial political battleground , but politics in Pakistan 's economic hub are dominated by the MQM , which represents "  muhajirs , " descendants of immigrants from India decades ago . The ANP is a secular Pashtun party based in militant-plagued northwest Pakistan , whose supporters have migrated south to Karachi because of the violence in their home region . ANP supporters have the same ethnicity as the Taliban , so the MQM often accuses them of supporting militants . The ANP , in turn , accuses the MQM of organized crime and terrorist activity . Supporters of the PPP are accused of having links to criminal gangs as well . Analysts say lack of law enforcement has allowed supporters of the political parties to adopt a gang-like mentality . Police officials claim low pay , a lack of manpower and resources puts the police force at a disadvantage against the criminal gangs fueling the violence . According to the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan , violence between supporters of the political parties and other turf wars in Karachi have killed more than 1,000 people this year alone . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Several gunmen open fire on a former federal lawmaker Police suspect the gunmen targeted the member of the ruling Pakistan Peoples Party Karachi tackles years of ethnic and political violence
CNN  -- Facetime with Saad Hariri , Leader of Future Movement Saad Hariri is the leader of Lebanon 's majority party , Future Movement . Lebanon 's economic growth may have slipped from an estimated 7 percent to 4 percent so far this year , but according to politician and businessman Saad Hariri , the country should largely escape the effects of the global slowdown . The leader of Lebanon 's majority party talks to MME about the credit crisis , its impact on remittances , and how he believes peace in the Middle East is the only way to bring political and economic stability to his country . In focus -- The Land Grab The Gulf might have oil , but it has a shortage of arable land . A year ago , food prices skyrocketed and there were shortages of all kinds -- even for basics , such as bread . The shortage caught the region flat-footed , and now food security is a top concern for many countries . It has prompted the likes of Saudi Arabia and Qatar to use their petro-dollars to buy farmland in Africa and Asia to feed their people . In the long run , could this search for food security also develop sustainable agricultural businesses and local jobs in the process ? Watch the show this week at the times  GMT  below : Friday : 0815 , 1945 Saturday : 0545 Sunday : 0715	The leader of Lebanon 's majority party discusses the impact of the credit crisis Hariri explains why peace in the Middle East is needed to stabilize Lebanon Fearing a food shortage , the Gulf countries are buying land in Africa and Asia
CNN  -- A 19-year-old woman charged with killing a Pennsylvania man she met through Craigslist has given a second jailhouse interview and provided specific details about other killings she claims to have committed . Miranda Barbour told the Daily Item newspaper of Sunbury , Pennsylvania , that she killed men in Big Lake , Alaska ; Mexico Beach , Florida ; and Raleigh , North Carolina . In her first jailhouse interview in mid-February , she told the Daily Item reporter she had killed at least 22 men over six years across the country but did n't provide any specific locations . Sunbury Police Chief Chief Steve Mazzeo told CNN he passed along the information to other jurisdictions . "  I 'm not saying I do or do n't believe it , " Mazzeo said Sunday . CNN is seeking a response from law enforcement authorities in those three cities . Sunbury police have charged Miranda Barbour and her husband , Elytte Barbour , 22 , in one death , the November 2013 stabbing and strangling of Troy LaFerrara , 42 , in their car . They connected with him through a Craigslist companionship ad , police said . Investigators tracked the couple through phone numbers in LaFerrara 's phone . Police said the couple just wanted to kill someone together for the thrill . They had been married for only three weeks at the time of the slaying and had moved from North Carolina to Pennsylvania after tying the knot . After Barbour 's first interview , authorities said they had not corroborated any of her claims , including statements that she was involved in Satanism . "  They are looking for full bodies , " Barbour told the Daily Item in the second interview . "  They wo n't find any . But they will find body parts " of runaways and individuals she described as bad people in Big Lake and Mexico Beach . She told the paper she dumped a body off Interstate 95 in Raleigh but gave no other details . Her lawyer , Edward Greco , told CNN on Sunday he had no comment . In the recent interview , Barbour told the Daily Item that two other men responded to her ad for companionship but never showed up to meet her . "  I tried it a few times , but it never worked out , " Miranda Barbour told the Daily Item , referring to the couple 's plan to kill someone together . "  I knew we were going to do this since the day we met , and we tried , but the others just did n't show up . " Jailed husband of self-professed serial killer to CNN : ' I still love her ' Desperate for answers , some cling to Barbour killing claims CNN 's Elizabeth Landers contributed to this report .	Suspect said she killed in Alaska , Florida and North Carolina No word on whether authorities have confirmed her claims Miranda Barbour and her husband are charged with murder in Pennsylvania Police said they met the man through a Craigslist companionship ad
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration announced Wednesday that it will begin sending condolence letters to the next-of-kin of service members who commit suicide , said a White House statement . "  This issue is emotional , painful , and complicated , " President Barack Obama said in the statement . "  But these Americans served our nation bravely ... we need to do everything in our power to honor their service , and to help them stay strong for themselves , for their families and for our nation . " The move comes nearly six weeks after a group of senators -- 10 Democrats and one Republican -- asked President Barack Obama to change what they called an "  insensitive " policy that dates back several administrations . U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer led the bipartisan group and was pleased with the administration 's policy change . "  This will ... do a great deal to reduce the stigma surrounding mental health treatment that prevents so many from seeking the care they need , " she said in a statement Wednesday . The lack of condolence letters in instances of suicide has been the subject of protest by some military families . "  It 's bittersweet , " said Gregg Keesling , father to Army Spc. Chancellor Keesling , who killed himself while serving in Iraq . "  It does not bring our son back , but I think it does send a powerful message that mental health in our military can be addressed . " CNN first reported in 2009 about the family of Army Spc. Keesling . The family set up a wall to pay tribute to Keesling in their Indiana home . Along with his uniform and the flag from his burial service , a space was left for the expected condolence letter from the commander in chief . Upset when they learned a suicide did not merit a letter from the president , Gregg Keesling wrote to the president and the Army chief of staff requesting the policy be changed . He argued that his son 's suicide was a result of what he was exposed to during war and that it deserved to be considered caused by battle . "  They did n't die because they were weak , " said the president 's statement . "  And the fact that they did n't get the help they needed must change . " According to an Army report last year , annual suicide rates in the Marine Corps and the Army -- the two branches most involved in combat operations in Iraq and Afganistan -- increased steadily between 2004 and 2009 , to more than 20 per 100,000 people . During that time the rate for those two branches surpassed the age-adjusted , national civilian average , whereas suicide rates for the Air Force and Navy stayed below the national average . In 2001 , the suicide rate among Marines , like the Air Force and Navy , was about half the civilian rate , and the Army 's , while higher than the other three branches , was still below the civilian rate , according to the Army report . CNN 's Adam Levine contributed to this report .	Decision will help end "  stigma " of wars ' mental health toll , says senator Senators , family of a deceased soldier had asked president to reverse the policy Army report showed a steady rise in 2004-2009 Army and Marine suicide rates
CNN  -- Federal authorities are investigating threatening letters allegedly containing deadly ricin in Spokane , Washington , the FBI said Thursday . The FBI and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service are trying to find the source of the two letters , intercepted Tuesday during a screening procedure at a postal facility in Spokane , FBI spokeswoman Ayn Sandalo Dietrich said . "  While we can not offer further comment on this incident , we stress that law enforcement agencies will continue to assess and address the full spectrum of potential threats , " she said . The American Postal Workers Union was notified of the two suspicious letters by the Postal Service , the union said . One letter was addressed to the Spokane Post Office and the other to a federal judge in Spokane , the union said . Both were postmarked May 14 , the union said . Postal Service management told employees they were n't at risk from handling the letters because the suspected substance was not in a form that could be inhaled or readily ingested , the union said . Preliminary lab tests showed the substance to be ricin , the union said . The union is monitoring the situation , President Cliff Guffey said . "  Our members ' safety is our primary concern , " he said in a statement . In an apparently unrelated case , ricin-tainted letters sent to President Obama and others touched off high anxieties in Washington and elsewhere last month . James Everett Dutschke , 41 , of Tupelo , Mississippi , has been charged with possession and use of a biological agent as a weapon in connection with those letters sent to Obama and others . If inhaled , injected or ingested , less than a pinpoint of ricin can kill a person within 36 to 48 hours because of the failure of the respiratory and circulatory systems . There is no known antidote .	NEW : Both letters are intercepted Tuesday during postal screening procedure , FBI says Preliminary lab tests show ricin on two letters , postal workers union says FBI and U.S. Postal Inspection Service are investigating source of letters , FBI says Postal Service tells workers they are n't at risk , union says
CNN  -- Yamaha rider Jorge Lorenzo notched up his 46th career pole position on Saturday at qualifying for the Spanish MotoGP in Jerez . The 2010 world champion , who finished first in the season-opening Qatar MotoGP , narrowly beat compatriot Dani Pedrosa on a Honda in a time of one minute 39.532 seconds . Lorenzo and Pedrosa battled for the fastest time throughout qualifying but it was Lorenzo who finished on top bettering Pedrosa 's fastest lap time at the circuit set back in 2010 . "  We are very happy with this pole position because it was a strange session . There were a lot of water patches and it was very dangerous . You had to pay a lot of attention , it would have been easy to crash and get injured , " Lorenzo said . "  Anyway we start in first position so let 's see what happens in the race . Thank you to the team for working hard to keep giving the right set up in changing conditions , " he added . America 's Nicky Hayden was third fastest on his Ducati while England 's Cal Crutchlow recovered from a spectacular crash to finish fourth . Defending world champion Casey Stoner of Australia will start Sunday 's race in fifth . Italy 's Valentino Rossi once again had a disappointing day and will start down in 13th place .	Former world champion Jorge Lorenzo beats compatriot Dani Pedrosa to pole position in Jerez America 's Nicky Hayden was third fastest on his Ducati England 's Cal Crutchlow recovers from crash to finish fourth Valentino Rossi disappoints again finishing 13th in Saturday 's qualifying
Washington  CNN  -- Melody Barnes , the domestic policy adviser to President Barack Obama , will leave the White House at the end of the year , she said Thursday . "  I plan to take some time off and enjoy my family , " she said in a written statement . "  I 'll also be considering opportunities in the private sector , as well as ways to continue to work on the policy issues about which I care so deeply . " Obama , in a separate statement said he "  will always be grateful that a woman of Melody 's brilliance , creativity and heart led our domestic policy team during such a challenging time for our nation . " He said Barnes will leave "  a lasting legacy , developing and implementing policies that have helped remake our education system , spurred innovation , and fostered opportunity and equality for millions of Americans . " Barnes , in her statement , said she has "  enjoyed working closely with the private sector , as well as philanthropists and non-profit organizations , to build public-private partnerships that are providing solutions to our country 's biggest challenges . " She said that over the past few months she had "  reached the conclusion that I need to move out of a 24/7 work schedule and on to the next phase of my life . " But she added , "  I also look forward to devoting time to doing everything I can to ensure that President Obama is re-elected . "	Melody Barnes says she will leave the White House at the end of the year Obama cites Barnes ' contributions to education reform and innovation Barnes says she needs "  to move out of a 24/7 work schedule , "
Katniss Everdeen emerged victorious in "  The Hunger Games , " and it was Snow White  rather than a charming prince  who defeated her evil stepmother in both film adaptations she starred in this year . Even Bella Swan , the formerly weak and needy protagonist of the "  The Twilight Saga , " was confident and fearless in the franchise 's final installment . This year 's influx of big screen heroines appears to be a leap toward equality , prompting praise from film critics such as A.O. Scott of The New York Times . Off screen , however , things were a little more complicated . "  Zero Dark Thirty " actress Jessica Chastain has garnered praise for her turn as Maya , the CIA agent -- aka "  the girl " -- who led the hunt for Osama bin Laden . Meanwhile , Kathryn Bigelow 's success as the film 's director comes saddled with commentary that she , as Bret Easton Ellis pointed out via Twitter , is "  a very hot woman . " "  Kathryn Bigelow would be considered a mildly interesting filmmaker if she was a man , " the author posted this month . He has since apologized for the tweet , noting Bigelow 's "  The Hurt Locker " "  felt like it was directed by a man . Its testosterone level was palpable , whereas in Sofia Coppola 's work you 're aware of a much softer presence behind the camera . " In the world of animation , while "  Brave 's " heroine Merida trounced her suitors in an archery competition for her hand , Pixar replaced Brenda Chapman as the film 's director .  Mark Andrews and Chapman now share the directing credit . The ousted director opened up about her experience as a woman attempting to infiltrate the "  Hollywood Boy 's Club " with The New York Times in August , writing , "  This was a story that I created , which came from a very personal place , as a woman and a mother . To have it taken away and given to someone else , and a man at that , was truly distressing on so many levels . " Despite accounts of inequality , 2012 has been dubbed the year of the woman , and with good reason , given the many strong female characters and women breaking through in the entertainment industry as well as our culture at large . Not only will a record 20 women hold U.S. Senate seats next year , but women voters also greatly influenced the 2012 election , making an impact in swing states such as Ohio . As founder of reelgirl.com Margot Magowan says , Hollywood needs to catch up . The sheer increase of strong female characters is n't enough , Magowan said , noting that role models such as "  Wreck-It Ralph 's " Vanellope  voiced by Sarah Silverman  are often secondary characters . "  It 's important for the female to be the star of the movie , " the mom of three girls said . " ` Harry Potter ' has Hermione , but her role is to help Harry on his quest . ... You can be the first lady , but you ca n't be the president . ... If you ca n't imagine it , you ca n't be it . " Hollywood overachievers Mindy Kaling and Lena Dunham have enjoyed success this year ; both women created TV shows -- "  The Mindy Project " and "  Girls , " respectively -- in which they also star . Embodying versions of the everywoman , their characters Mindy Lahiri and Hannah Horvath do n't ignore their curves , a simple but subversive statement in image-conscious Hollywood . Before "  Girls " debuted on HBO in April , Dunham told CNN , "  I do n't look like everybody that you usually see on television . I wanted to make sure to cast actresses who were beautiful , but beautiful the way that your sexiest friend is beautiful , not beautiful the way that someone who is on a CW show is beautiful . " Dunham is undeniably an up-and-coming 20-something powerhouse , but instead of her merits , public focus was placed on her body and the lack of racial diversity on her show . When she was criticized for alleged nepotism , she shot back , telling The B.S. Report 's Bill Simmons , "  I really did want to challenge all the people crying nepotism to actually tell me who either of my parents were , because it 's the contemporary art world . " Outrage continued when reports surfaced in October that Dunham signed a book deal with Random House for $ 3.7 million . Sure , that 's a good chunk of change in exchange for tales of poetry camp and vegan dinner parties , but it 's no more outrageous than the deals offered to her A-list counterparts . Dunham also came under fire for the things her "  Girls " character did between the sheets . Noting the sometimes disquieting -- but realistic -- sex scenes , columnist Frank Bruni wrote , "  You watch these scenes and other examples of the zeitgeist-y , early-20s heroines of ` Girls ' engaging in , recoiling from , mulling and mourning sex , and you think : Gloria Steinem went to the barricades for this ? " And while Kristen Stewart starred as two different empowered heroines , in the real world , her "  indiscretion " with "  Snow White and the Huntsman " director Rupert Sanders had the public branding her with a scarlet "  A. " In some of the coverage , Sanders was portrayed as a victim in the scandal , while Stewart was called a "  trampire . " Back on the big screen , Stewart 's Snow White character was berated for being too masculine by critics such as Debbie Schlussel . "  I know it 's a fairy tale , but since when was Snow White a she-man warrior ? " Schlussel wrote on her website in June . "  Uh , sorry , but reality check : men are the strong ones and the ones in physical fighting who win and best women . " Around the same time , Sanders explained Stewart 's tough Snow White character to USA Today , saying , "  I love to play against expectations . ... I made a decision not to have Kristen do anything that she would n't realistically be able to do . No Bruce Lee or ` Braveheart ' moves . She is not on a killing rampage . The men follow her into battle because of the spirit within her . " In 2006 , while accepting an award from Equality Now  an organization promoting the human rights of women  , Joss Whedon  "  The Avengers , " "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer "  said he 's often asked why he creates such strong women characters . His response : "  Why are n't you asking 100 other guys why they do n't write strong women characters ? " Now , more women are entering the conversation themselves such as Kristen Wiig and Annie Mumolo , who wrote last year 's hit "  Bridesmaids " starring an all-female ensemble cast . Strong female characters are also becoming more prevalent . There 's The CW 's new Robin Hood drama , "  Sherwood , " which will have a female lead , according to The Hollywood Reporter , and Melissa McCarthy and Sandra Bullock 's buddy comedy , "  The Heat , " which is expected to hit theaters in April . In January , Tina Fey and Amy Poehler will co-host the 70th annual Golden Globes  the first time any woman -- let alone two -- will helm the event without a male co-host  , proving that the so-called "  year " of the woman shows no signs of slowing down .	Influx of big screen heroines appears to be a leap toward equality Despite accounts of inequality , 2012 has been dubbed the year of the woman Kristen Stewart played two empowered heroines but was called a "  trampire " off-screen Mindy Kaling and Lena Dunham make subversive statements in image-conscious Hollywood
Wired  -- Wikipedia turns 10 Saturday , a decade during which the globally crowdsourced online encyclopedia weathered fierce criticism about its reliability and banishment from academia . At the same time , it 's so popular it turns up pretty consistently in the top 10 Google results for nearly any search . In a wide-ranging interview with Wired.co.uk , founder Jimmy Wales talks about censorship , staying relevant , and why nothing keeps him awake at night . Wired.co.uk : Did you ever think Wikipedia would be as big as it is , 10 years ago ? Jimmy Wales : I remember looking at a list of the top 100 websites and seeing an encyclopedia reference-style site ranked around number 50 and thinking that if we did a really good job we could be in the top 100 or maybe even top 50 . But today Wikipedia is the fifth most popular website in the world . What has been the biggest challenge over the last 10 years ? I would say that the biggest challenge has been dealing with the growth , and particularly in building an organization behind Wikipedia that is as strong as Wikipedia itself . Hiring Sue Gardner to run the Wikimedia Foundation was one of the best things we ever did . What has been the biggest surprise for you ? Although I always wanted Wikipedia to be global , I think I never really grasped what that would mean for the project and for me personally . I never thought about how I might need to travel all over the world to meet people . Do you get tired of defending the integrity of Wikipedia articles ? How do you counter the criticism ? No , I do n't really get tired of it , because I think that our responsibility to help make Wikipedia as good as it possibly can be means that we have to take seriously every legitimate criticism and think about how we can improve . In terms of countering the criticism , I think that today most people understand that Wikipedia is pretty good but not perfect , and that it is getting better all the time . It 's really important that our community remain steadfastly committed to taking quality really seriously . Do you see a time when Wikipedia could be a credible academic source ? I think it is already generally used and accepted far more in academia than any conventional encyclopedia ever was . What people sometimes forget is that citing -LSB- Encyclopaedia -RSB- Britannica in an academic paper is not what students should be doing , either . What are your main areas of focus at the moment ? I 'm focused increasingly on the growth of Wikipedia in the developing world . We are experiencing a lot of growth in a lot of different places , and at the Wikimedia Foundation it is a part of our five-year strategic vision to put resources behind assisting local communities grow and flourish in languages where we are currently small . We 're opening our first office outside the U.S. this year , in India , and I 'm super excited about that . Are there any legislative issues that threaten the Wikipedia model ? I worry about censorship in many parts of the world . It 's a major human rights issue and one where we try to be at the forefront of terms of advocating for the free right to share information and learn from others . While I 'm optimistic about the direction the world is headed , generally , I think there is a need for constant vigilance and pressure on repressive governments . How did you know that people would give up their time and expertise to create the collaborative encyclopedia ? I always thought that people would contribute . I did n't know , before Wikipedia , how to help them contribute , but a lot of my belief in Wikipedia came from participating in some high-quality mailing lists where I met really smart people who were perfectly happy to share what they knew . How do you encourage a more-diverse range of contributors ? There are many ways to look at this ... . Diversity across languages means that we need to look at technical and performance issues in various places around the world , and that we need to assist local communities with recruitment and publicity . Diversity within the major languages is also desirable ? we want to make it easier for more people to edit ? people who are geeks but not necessarily computer geeks ! To what extent do you think Wikipedia represents the best aspects ofthe web ? e.g. , democratization of information , power of the crowds ? To a very strong extent , I think that Wikipedia shows a hopeful set of possibilities for the future . I 'm not a big fan of the terminology "  crowds " in this context . I think it can be disrespectful to talk about communities in those terms . We are n't a crowd . We are thoughtful and noble individuals working together in peace and by choice for a common goal . How do you stay relevant ? We stay relevant mostly by sticking with intense passion to our mission-driven culture . We are here to provide a free , high-quality encyclopedia to every single person on the planet in their own language . It is a simple and powerful charitable mission . Are you never tempted to take advertising ? If not , why not ? No , not at all . We like being supported by small donors . It 's good for Wikipedia and good for the world . What keeps you awake at night ? My superpower is sleeping , so nothing really keeps me awake at night . Sometimes , jet lag . Where do you see Wikipedia in 10 years ? More languages , more information , higher quality . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Online encyclopedia Wikipedia turns 10 years old on Saturday Founder Jimmy Wales : "  Wikipedia is pretty good but not perfect " Wales says he worries about censorship in many parts of the world
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Those slick , intricate tests used by forensic investigators on shows like "  CSI " look infallible , but that is the stuff of television . In the real world , forensic tests are much more ambiguous and rarely demonstrate a definite tie between an individual and a crime . The National Academy of Sciences found that U.S. crime labs lack uniform standards , training and oversight . That 's what the National Academy of Sciences found when it studied the nation 's forensic crime labs for two years . What the academy discovered was a "  badly fragmented " system that produces inconsistent results and needs a major overhaul . In its report published Wednesday , the academy showed there is a serious lack of uniform standards , training and oversight . And , with the exception of DNA technology , the report concludes experts often overstate how much can be determined by forensic techniques running the gamut from fingerprinting to bite mark and hair analysis . According to the findings , except for DNA technology , "  no forensic method has been rigorously shown to have the capacity to consistently , and with a high degree of certainty , demonstrate a connection between evidence and a specific individual or source . " The report noted that forensic experts in court cases often overstate what can be proven by forensic methods and even attach a numerical percentage of accuracy that may not be based on clearly established scientific standards . The panel recommends that Congress create an independent National Institute of Forensic Science that could formulate standards for various forensic disciplines , regulate training and accreditation , and lead research . Another recommendation is that crime labs should be autonomous and not controlled by police departments or prosecutors ' offices to head off any real or perceived bias toward law enforcement . The report also says many labs are "  underfunded and understaffed , which contributes to case backlogs and makes it hard for laboratories to do as much as they could to inform investigations and avoid errors . " One of the co-chairs of the study , Judge Harry Edwards , who sits on the U.S. Court of Appeals in Washington , D.C. , says much is at stake . "  We determine whether people are innocent or whether they are guilty in part based on forensic science evidence , so as a nation it is terribly important to us that we do it as well as it can be done , " Edwards told CNN . "  And we are not doing it as well as it can be done right now . " Edwards said the panel received input from members of the forensic science community who agreed that improvements can be made . Constantine Gatsonis , a professor of biostatistics at Brown University and the other co-chair of the study , says the goal of the forensic community should be "  how to do the science better , how to report it more reliably ... and then how to practice it in a way that is uniform and according to standards across the country . " The report does not examine specific cases but looks at various forensic techniques used in thousands of trials . In the area of firearm analysis -- a discipline used by police crime labs to determine if a bullet recovered in a crime might have come from a particular gun -- the report says , "  Sufficient studies have not been done to understand the reliability and repeatability of the methods . " Fingerprints are used by law enforcement every day . The report notes the quality of the prints can vary greatly and that individual analysts "  make subjective assessments " in trying to decide if a print can be linked to a particular individual . Therefore , the report states , "  zero-error rates are not plausible . " On hair analysis , the panel found : "  There appear to be no uniform standards on the number of features on which hairs must agree before an examiner may declare a ` match . ' " While the report says DNA analysis has the highest degree of certainty , it says other techniques can help narrow the field of suspects in an investigation . Peter Marone , chairman of the Consortium of Forensic Science Organizations , said his group supports a comprehensive review of forensic science and efforts to improve standards and oversight . But Marone does not think the release of the report should be an occasion to "  put down the work of thousands of scientists and forensic examiners . " Marone , who also served on the National Academy of Sciences panel that produced the report , told CNN "  the great majority of labs are doing first-rate work top to bottom , and make an enormous contribution to public safety . " The study by the National Academy of Sciences was requested by Congress . The panel has no authority to institute changes in the nation 's forensics labs , but Congress could act to implement its recommendations .	Crime lab system in the United States needs major overhaul , study contends National Academy of Sciences cites lack of uniform standards , training , oversight Fingerprinting , bite mark and hair analysis all found to have questionable reliability Academy looked at various forensic techniques used in thousands of trials
Rome  CNN  -- One of the 23 Americans whom an Italian court convicted in absentia of kidnapping a terrorism suspect in 2003 has been arrested in Panama on an Italian arrest warrant , the Italian justice ministry 's press office said Thursday . The ministry identified the arrested man as Robert Seldon Lady , who Italian prosecutors said had been the CIA base chief in Milan . In a 2009 trial , an Italian court convicted Lady and 22 others of abducting Osama Mustafa Hassan Nasr , or Abu Omar , from the streets of Milan in 2003 . The trial was the first to deal with a practice that human rights groups call "  extraordinary rendition . " They say the United States has often transferred terrorism suspects to countries that practice torture . Abu Omar , who was suspected of recruiting men to fight in Iraq and Afghanistan and was under heavy surveillance by Italy 's intelligence agency , was transferred to Egypt and tortured , Italian prosecutors said . Italian prosecutors said Abu Omar was nabbed by a CIA team working with Italian officials . A former senior CIA official said Lady is no longer with the CIA . In the 2009 trial , the Italian court sentenced Lady to eight years in prison , prosecutor Armando Spataro said . The other Americans were sentenced to five years . Each of the 23 Americans was ordered to pay 1 million euros  about $ 1.3 million  to Abu Omar , plus 500,000 euros to his wife . But at the time , it seemed unlikely that the convictions would have much effect on the Americans , as none appeared at the trial and the Italian government did not ask for their extradition . Washington has acknowledged making secret "  rendition " transfers of terrorism suspects between countries but denies using torture or handing suspects over to countries that do . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Robert Seldon Lady was CIA 's Milan base chief , prosecutors say He was convicted in absentia in 2009 of abducting terrorism suspect Former CIA official says Lady is no longer with the agency
CNN  -- The Obama administration likely will succumb to growing pressure to "  do something " kinetic and dramatic in Iraq , and when it does , it will most likely be air and missile strikes against ISIS targets . This could relieve the political pressure on the President : His critics continue to blame him for abdicating U.S. leadership in Syria and in Iraq -- which now faces the advancing extremist militants of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  . But answering the political mail in Washington is not the same thing as dealing with , let alone resolving , the complex issues on the ground that have led to this crisis . To do that would require a comprehensive reengagement strategy , even without boots on the ground . And President Barack Obama should not be drawn into a veritable Iraq war III . Most of Obama 's detractors engage in what I call "  woulda/coulda/shoulda " criticism . That is to say , if the President had only invested more time and effort in negotiating a status of forces agreement with the government of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , left a residual presence there , enforced his chemical weapons red line in Syria and backed the moderate opposition there , we would n't be seeing the ISIS jihadi rampage playing out in both countries . But given the limited amount of intervention this administration , Congress , and the public would support , even under the best of circumstances , the U.S. could not have stopped the dynamic that is occurring . We can not hold Iraq 's hand forever , nor end Syria 's civil war without a major military commitment . And the longer the Syrian conflict continued , the more of a boon the conflict would provide to jihadi elements who fed off its violence and sectarian character . As for Iraq , the al-Maliki government 's insistence on maintaining Shia dominance and privilege , and repressing Sunnis , created the perfect ferment for ISIS 's spread . No amount of U.S. military power summoned by any administration could have compensated for this kind of bad sectarian governance . That and the weak institutions of the Iraqi state have allowed ISIS to thrive . No matter how much progress the U.S. made in Iraq between 2003 and 2011 , the dysfunction that now shapes Iraq 's future was driven by factors set into motion by the very act of the invasion , Iraq 's nature and its location . And those same factors limit now what the U.S. can do ; they should make Washington wary of getting sucked back in . Back to Iraq : What can - and should - the U.S. do now ? Maliki 's sectarian dominance How can you expect stability and security in a country where the political contract between the governed and those who govern is completely skewed in the direction of the Shia community ? But that 's what you have with Nuri al-Maliki ; and that 's unlikely to change . Shia repression has left Sunnis feeling disenfranchised -- one reason why violence has surged in the last year -- and this is why it 's hard to get Sunni elements of the military to fight and resist ISIS moves . It 's also why some key Sunni elements are reportedly in league with the ISIS jihadis . It 's a reason to be careful about backing a government not committed to serious power sharing and reform , let alone to use direct U.S. military intervention to defend it . The U.S. could n't build the new Iraq on the backs of American military power before it was clear that al-Maliki was a Shia triumphalist . How are we to do it today when it 's clear that he is ? The neighbors Geography is destiny . This is n't America 's neighborhood : It does not have the same kind of stake as those who live there . The U.S. may be committed to a nonsectarian , pluralist , democratic Iraq where everybody gets along in one big happy family . But Iran and Saudi Arabia envision very different outcomes , and they will act in ways detrimental to our interests . Iran is worried about ISIS to be sure . But Iran knows that its long-term interests depend on a stable Iraq under Shia dominance . That means that while it will assist al-Maliki , it wo n't pressure him to reform . The Saudis , on the other hand , ca n't abide al-Maliki and while they are worried about the Sunni jihadis , they see some merit in weakening the Prime Minister . Both Tehran and Riyadh will continue to see Iraq as a battleground to check the other 's influence and to promote their side in a Sunni-Shia war . Iraq 's stability and the U.S. 's altruistic vision of Iraq 's future will be the casualties . The Syrian civil war Any U.S. strategy that deals with Iraq in isolation will fail to get at a main sources of the ISIS threat . The Syrian civil war was a godsend for these jihadi groups . And unless the United States is prepared to expand its area of operations and to develop a sustained , aggressive strategy to contain if not destroy the ISIS presence in Syria , any effort in Iraq will at best produce a short-term success . Having willfully avoided militarizing the U.S. role in Syria , the President may well go ahead and do so now , with all the risks of mission creep . Attacking ISIS will also help Bashar al-Assad in Syria and Iran in Iraq . A serious strategy And that brings us to the most difficult dimension of this entire problem . Without a serious and sustained strategy that has a military , counterterrorism , political and economic component , including mobilizing the international community , it 's hard to see how the Obama administration can realistically put these Humpty Dumptys back together again . To do that would mean American involvement -- for starters CIA or special forces in an advisory capacity , most likely functioning clandestinely . Airstrikes , even if they worked to check ISIS , would have to be used repeatedly over time . And more training for the Iraqi military -- most likely with advisers on the ground to instruct in the use of sophisticated military equipment -- would be necessary . And despite all of this , it 's likely that ISIS may still be able to secure enclaves in Iraq . Have n't we seen this movie before ? It was called Iraq 2003-2011 , and it clearly did n't have a happy ending . So , Mr. President , you probably have no other choice but to get sucked back into Iraq with military strikes . It might even have positive short-term results . But it likely wo n't over time . Triumphalist Shia , unhappy Sunnis , Iranian influence , and Kurdish separatists will guarantee it . Iraq was a trap for America once before . It will be again . 5 predictions revisited : Iraq 's troubles are years in the making	Writer : Obama administration will likely yield to pressure to act on ISIS advances in Iraq He says it should not . The U.S. could not have prevented crisis . Bad Iraqi governance was key He says any success repelling ISIS in Iraq will be short-lived unless U.S. also does so in Syria U.S. would need sustained strategy if it is to address crisis . We 've seen this movie before , he says
Budget Travel  -- No offense to the nation 's capital , but the landmarks of our heritage extend far beyond the District of Columbia . Yellowstone National Park preserves an enormous natural bounty , including 10,000 hot springs and 300 geysers . Sears Tower  Willis Tower It 's fitting that the country 's tallest building , the Sears Tower  we have n't come to terms with the new name either  , is in the same city that built the first skyscraper , the Home Insurance Building , demolished in 1931 . Chicago 's innovation sparked a worldwide race that continues to redefine city skylines from London to Dubai to Taipei . There 's simply no better way to experience those early architects ' remarkable vision than to stand on The Ledge at Skydeck Chicago , a transparent observation box that suspends you 1,353 feet above street level , on a wisp of glass just one and a half inches thick . Gettysburg , Pennsylvania The site of the Civil War 's bloodiest battle and of one of Abraham Lincoln 's most famous speeches , Gettysburg National Military Park is a lasting memorial to the devastation caused by , and the reasons for , the war that remade the union . In its successful efforts to fend off encroaching development , Gettysburg also reflects the struggles of many historic sites to preserve the sanctity of their land . nps.gov / gett . Yellowstone National Park Yes , other National Parks are stunning  Grand Canyon and Yosemite come to mind  , but Yellowstone , signed into being by President Ulysses S. Grant in 1872 , was the very first in the world -- and established an early precedent for land conservationists internationally . This majestic park , bordered by Wyoming , Montana , and Idaho , preserves an enormous natural bounty : It is home to 10,000 hot springs and 300 geysers , numerous lakes and rivers , and wildlife such as bighorn sheep , bison , grizzly bears , and more than 1,000 gray wolves . nps.gov / yell . New York Harbor It 's still easy to imagine the bay as millions of immigrants might have perceived it on their way to the United States : the promise of the Statue of Liberty , the judgment of Ellis Island , and the hope of Manhattan 's skyscrapers rising in the distance . Emma Lazarus 's ode to the huddled masses , inside the Statue of Liberty 's pedestal , is a timeless reminder of our common bond as immigrants , a history that stretches from Jamestown to the current day . Budget Travel gallery : See the 8 sights Monticello Why Thomas Jefferson and not George Washington , you ask ? It 's undeniable that Washington was the greater warrior , but it was Jefferson who authored the Declaration of Independence and helped define our claim to liberty -- the reason we fought in the first place . Monticello , located in Charlottesville , Virginia , is filled with more than 5,000 of Jefferson 's prized artifacts , like botanic microscopes , an illustrated engraving of the Declaration of Independence , and elk antlers from the Lewis and Clark Expedition  which Jefferson sponsored  . The residence provides a fascinating exhibition of the progressive , transformative ideas of its owner . monticello.org . Graceland Born in Mississippi and raised in Memphis , Tennessee , Elvis Presley incorporated the homegrown sounds of the Delta blues and country music into his songs , and then shared them with the rest of the world . Graceland , his home in Memphis , is a similar melting pot of styles and tastes . Like his music , it 's American through and through . Among the highlights : two private jets named Lisa Marie and Hound Dog II , five gold-plated showerheads , and in the car museum across the street , 10 of the King 's favorite rides , including his famous pink Cadillac . elvis.com/graceland . Pearl Harbor The bombing of Pearl Harbor transformed a sleepy , remote naval base in Hawaii into a fiery catalyst for America 's entry into World War II . Within the space of a few hours , the U.S. Pacific naval fleet was devastated , more than 2,300 servicemen died , and the nation united around a common cause . It 's hard to imagine a more poignant memorial than the Alfred Preis-designed bridge that hovers over the midsection of the sunken battleship , the USS Arizona , which remains the underwater grave for 1,177 of her crewmen . nps.gov / valr . Historic Ebenezer Baptist Church The struggle for racial equality has taken place all over the country , but for Martin Luther King Jr. , it began in Atlanta , Georgia , at the church where he was baptized , delivered his first sermon , and served as co-pastor with his father until his death in 1968 . His soaring speeches clarified the goals of the civil rights movement and extended the country 's promise of freedom ; his example of nonviolence remains an astounding contribution to the country 's history of dissent . Note : The parish has grown into a larger building across the street  where visitors can attend services  ; the historic church is now part of a National Historic Site that includes his birth home and grave . The church is closed until the end of 2009 for restoration . nps.gov / malu , historicebenezer.org . WHAT , NO GRAND CANYON ? In trying to come up with a list of places every American must see , we knew we 'd raise some hackles . We considered options like the Grand Canyon , Mount Rushmore , Ground Zero , Philadelphia 's Independence Hall , the Trail of Tears , the Inside Passage , and the Golden Gate Bridge , among others , before publishing our final list . Weigh in with your comments about Budget Travel 's list below . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Budget Travel names eight do n't - miss American sights Monticello , Yellowstone National Park and Graceland make the list Editors also considered the Golden Gate Bridge , the Grand Canyon and more
CNN  -- A central Maine police chief said Friday that authorities now believe there was "  foul play " in the disappearance two weeks ago of a 20-month-old girl . Ayla Reynolds was last seen December 16 when her father , Justin Dipietro , said he put her to bed . Dipietro -- who has insisted that he has "  no idea what happened to Ayla " -- later reported the girl missing . Waterville Police Chief Joseph Massey previously has said authorities were confident that someone took Ayla from the house . But in his comments Friday , issued in a statement , Massey went a step further in saying the case "  has evolved from the search for a missing child to a criminal investigation . " Given this shift , the Maine State Police will now take over as the lead in the investigation from Waterville police , according to Massey . "  We base our conclusions on evidence gathered by investigators during the past two weeks , " the police chief said . Maine state police did not respond immediately to a call Friday from CNN seeking comment on their new role in the investigation . Jessica Reynolds , the missing girl 's aunt , told CNN on Friday that authorities said they "  ca n't tell us right now " about what evidence spurred the change , claiming they were told "  it is n't done being processed . " "  We believed from the beginning that Ayla did n't walk out  of the house  on her own , " Reynolds said . "  Why it took 14 days for police to say this , I do n't understand . "  Time is ticking . The statistics may be that she 's not going to come home alive , but , there 's also a chance that whoever has her will bring her back safely ... Whoever has her will be found eventually . " Police said Wednesday they had received 370 leads , and Massey said Friday that investigators and searchers had spent "  many thousands of hours looking for Ayla  and  evaluating evidence . " A $ 30,000 reward -- coming from anonymous private citizens and business leaders -- was offered earlier this week for information that leads investigators to the girl . Ayla is described as having blond hair , being about 2 feet , 9 inches tall , and weighing 30 pounds . She was last seen wearing green pajamas with white polka dots and the words "  Daddy 's Princess " across the front . When she disappeared , the girl had her arm in a soft cast . The toddler 's mother , Trista Reynolds , told HLN 's Nancy Grace that she 'd raised Ayla for 18 months and Dipietro became involved after "  I needed to go and get a little bit of help for myself . " She told HLN she underwent rehab . The father had sole custody of the girl when she disappeared . On December 15 , the day before Ayla went missing , Reynolds filed a complaint seeking sole custody . The 23-year-old mother told HLN she did n't tell Dipietro she was going to court because he was "  vindictive " and "  verbally abusive . " For his part , Dipietro , 24 , has said he would never do anything to hurt Ayla . "  I have to believe that Ayla is with somebody , and I just want that person to find the courage to do the right thing and find a way to return her safely , " the father said in his statement Wednesday . "  The truth is the truth and when the case is solved it will be out there . Until then , please try to remain positive and hopeful as I remain confident that Ayla will return safely . " Jessica Reynolds said Friday that she and her sister , Trista , are frantic in their efforts to find Ayla . "  She 's extremely intelligent , " she said of her niece . "  She makes everybody smile when they see a smile on her face . " CNN 's Ross Levitt and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	The case has "  evolved " from a missing child case to a criminal probe , police chief says Ayla Reynolds ' father says he has n't seen the girl since putting her to bed December 16 He says he has "  no idea what happened " to the 20-month-old girl
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court will step back into the national debate over free speech and abortion , accepting an appeal Monday on the rights of protesters outside medical clinics . A challenge to a Massachusetts law concerns government-mandated buffer zones set up around facilities that perform abortions . Oral arguments and an eventual ruling are not expected until next year . The state 's "  selective exclusion law " makes it a crime for speakers other than clinic "  employees or agents ... acting within the scope of their employment " to "  enter or remain on a public way or sidewalk " within 35 feet of "  a reproductive health care facility . " Anti-abortion activists say the law has kept them from talking with patients approaching the clinic entrances . But a federal appeals court in January said "  the right of the state to take reasonable steps to ensure the safe passage of persons wishing to enter health care facilities can not seriously be questioned . " The court had rejected a similar challenge to the law four years ago . Municipalities in Montana , Colorado , Florida , California and elsewhere have enacted similar "  fixed " and "  floating " buffer zone laws . The Massachusetts case is McCullen v. Coakley  12-1168  .	The Supreme Court accepts an appeal on the rights of protesters outside clinics A Massachusetts law keeps protesters at least 35 feet away from clinics
Andrew Wale is a writer and actor . His partner , Neil Allard , is a guesthouse owner . Together , they helped make history . After the clock struck midnight on Friday , the couple were among the first men marrying men and women marrying women in a range of ceremonies across England and Wales as a historic law legalizing same-sex marriage finally comes into force . Wale and Allard have long known they wanted to commit officially and have waited five years for gay and lesbian couples to be able exchange vows legally in their home country . That day has finally come . "  When we were born , it was illegal to be gay , let alone get married , " Wale , 49 , said during last-minute preparations ahead of the wedding . "  I did n't think about the possibility for most of my life . It is only really recently that suddenly the option seemed to be on its way . " The marriage law was the final victory in a long battle that has secured the same age of consent as heterosexuals and the right to adopt . England and Wales are among 15 countries as well as parts of the United States and Mexico that allow same-sex marriage . The Netherlands was the first in 2001 , and last year Brazil , Uruguay , New Zealand and France also joined the list . ` They are equal ' Going through final details with the wedding 's organizers earlier this week , Wale and Allard said they were excited beyond measure . The same-sex marriage bill was published by Britain 's coalition government in January last year . In July , the legislation was approved to allow same-sex couples to officially marry in England and Wales . Prime Minister David Cameron faced vocal opposition from some members of his Conservative Party . The Church of England also objected , and was given an exemption from conducting same-sex ceremonies . But in a shift in tone ahead of the weddings , Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby , leader of the world 's 80 million Anglicans , signaled the Church of England would mount no more resistance to gay marriage among churchgoers as Parliament had spoken . "  I think the church has reacted by fully accepting that it 's the law , and should react on Saturday by continuing to demonstrate in word and action , the love of Christ for every human being , " he told the Guardian newspaper . In an article on Pink News , an online magazine that focuses on the gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgendered community , Cameron said this weekend marked "  an important moment for our country . " "  It says we are a country that will continue to honor its proud traditions of respect , tolerance and equal worth , " he wrote . "  It also sends a powerful message to young people growing up who are uncertain about their sexuality . It clearly says ` you are equal ' whether straight or gay . " A rainbow flag flew above government offices in London in celebration . Battles remain Scotland , which will hold a referendum on independence from Britain in September , last month became the latest to give the green light to gay marriage . The fourth British link , Northern Ireland , has stated it does not intend to introduce same-sex marriage legislation . Gay couples in Britain have spent years campaigning for gay rights . Civil partnerships were introduced in England and Wales in 2005 , effectively giving gay couples the same legal rights as heterosexuals . But campaigners insisted that only full equality would do . Unlike France , where legalizing same-sex marriage prompted fierce opposition from many social conservatives and the Catholic Church , there were no mass protests in Britain . But for all the joy the weddings will bring , discrimination and bigotry remain issues in Britain . In January , a local councilor was suspended from the anti-immigration UK Independence Party  UKIP  after blaming devastating floods on the legalization of gay marriage . "  We never really hold hands in the street , we 're quite careful about those kind of things -- simply because it was always quite a dangerous thing to do . It 's still not entirely safe . Our friends were beaten up six months ago for holding hands in the street , " Wale said . "  Now I am feeling slightly more relaxed about that kind of thing . I feel I have rights to be affectionate with this person that I am going to marry -- otherwise what does it represent ? " A recent Yougov poll in Britain showed that most people support the new change in law allowing same-sex couples to marry , but a third still think gay people are treated worse than straight people . Making a statement For Wale and Allard , the Royal Pavilion is where they met when they first started dating , so it was a fitting venue for the next step in their relationship . They put much thought into personalizing the ceremony , which was attended by friends from as far away as New York , and there was a cellist and songs sung by friends . The media also attended -- as with many of the first other same-sex weddings on Saturday . The attention has been so huge that the local council has even received requests from ordinary Britons from across the country asking to attend Wale 's and Allard 's ceremony . For the couple , exchanging vows is not just about making a statement to each other , but to the world . "  I think it 's important to make those kind of statements , be visible , be proud of who you are and what you are in a world which seems to be stepping backwards in lots of different places , " Wale said . "  There are gay people struggling to be allowed to form relationships . " Many couples getting married say they hope to send out messages of support to other gays facing discriminatory laws in their own countries . Last month , Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni signed into law a bill that toughens penalties against gay people and defines some homosexual acts as crimes punishable by life in prison . In Russia , a "  propaganda " law bans even discussion of homosexuality anywhere that children might hear it . "  There are a lot of countries where it is illegal . We can show other countries that we are stepping forward , " Allard , 48 , said , adding he felt lucky and privileged . Instead of gifts , the couple asked their guests to make a donation to Stonewall -- a charity that campaigns for equality and justice for lesbians , gay men and bisexuals . "  I want the wedding day to be a fully celebratory experience but at the same time , I do n't want to forget that it 's a relative freedom , " Wale said . "  We have n't reached the end of the line . There is still a long way to go . " Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	Church of England indicates it will no longer campaign against the issue . Historic law legalizing same-sex marriage comes into force in England and Wales The legislation was approved in England and Wales last year , despite some opposition Scotland gave green light to same-sex marriage last month
CNN  -- While most Americans continue to get fatter , Coloradans stand out as being among the fittest in the country , the Trust for America 's Health says . Exercise and good nutrition are part of the Colorado public consciouness , says one former official . The state ranked 51st in obesity , with 17.6 percent of its 4.3 million residents squeezing into that category .  The rankings included the District of Columbia . And fewer than one in five state residents leads an inactive lifestyle , the trust found . That appeared to pay off in health benefits , with Colorado ranking 50th in diabetes and high blood pressure . These figures did not surprise Spenser Havlick , former deputy mayor of Boulder , where exercise and good nutrition rank high in the public consciousness and attract like-minded people from other parts of the country , he said . "  They are leaving behind a more sedentary life in the larger cities , " he said . "  Every weekend , there 's a 5K race , a 10K race ; there are ultramarathons . " A number of organic health food stores dot the city , and organic produce "  is pushed throughout the schools , " he said . Boulder 's 100,000 residents have 360 miles of bike paths and 64 underpasses , so cyclists need not stop when they reach an intersection . "  We think that 's much safer , and it 's much faster and it 's more fun , " said Havlick , 72 , who returned last week from hiking on glaciers in Alaska . Exercise is also part of the political culture of Boulder , where seven of the nine City Council members are bicyclists , said Havlick , professor emeritus of architecture and planning at the University of Colorado . "  There 's a strong inclination for more money to be spent on reducing car dependency . " Weather , too , plays a role , with 330 days of sunshine , he said . And social pressure may have an impact . "  I think there is a stigma attached to people who have a BMI that 's high , " he said , referring to body mass index , a measure of body fat based on height and weight . Still , he noted , the percentage of obese Coloradans has gone up slightly in the past two years . "  Some of the folks who come to Colorado to work may not have picked up on these healthy lifestyles yet , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Coloradans are among country 's fittest residents , a new report says Fewer than one in five state residents leads an inactive lifestyle State also ranks 50th in diabetes and high blood pressure
Washington  CNN  -- An expanded team of civilian technical experts from a "  quick-reaction force " is on the ground in Libya , tracking down and destroying "  MANPADs , " shoulder-fired , heat-seeking missiles that the U.S. fears could be used to bring down a civilian airliner . The United States currently has a State Department officer and 14 technical experts who are embedded with munitions and destruction teams from Libya 's National Transitional Council , according to Andrew Shapiro , assistant U.S. secretary of state for political-military affairs . Officials hope to ramp up the search effort "  significantly , " Shapiro said , with the number of specialists on the ground increasing to 50 . The joint teams are sweeping , surveying and securing stockpiles of the weapons that were previously under control of the Moammar Gadhafi regime . The joint teams already have surveyed 20 out of 36 known ammunition storage sites , a State Department official said , and have disabled or destroyed hundreds of MANPADs . The official was not authorized to speak on the record . At each site they have found from several dozen to several hundred storage bunkers . The United States estimates there were as many as 20,000 surface-to-air missiles in Libya when NATO began its operations to aid rebels in ousting Gadhafi . Shapiro declined to say how many weapons might be missing , but U.S. Gen. Carter Ham , commander of U.S. Africa Command , expressed concern that the missiles could be crossing the border . "  There are some worrying indicators ... that some of these portable air defense systems have left Libya , " Ham said , adding that he did n't have enough information to know how many have possibly moved , "  but there 's enough ... churn out there in the information I see to cause me to be very concerned . " U.S. officials are working with Libya 's neighbors on "  how best to address this threat , " Shapiro said . The United States is distributing thousands of pamphlets in multiple languages , including Arabic and English , to neighboring countries , including Egypt , Algeria and Morocco , to inform their border guards what the MANPADs look like and to be on watch for any attempts to move them out of Libya . Ham noted that the MANPADs are a threat "  to anything that flies , " including commercial airliners upon takeoff and landing . The United States also is working through NATO to alert the Libyans to stockpiles NATO was aware of and may have targeted during the conflict . "  When it comes to the conventional weapons destruction challenge , the NTC have not only have talked the talk , they 've walked the walk , " the State Department official said . "  They have really taken leadership on this and we are committed to helping them secure the weapons stockpiles . " The U.S. experts involved in the operation are mostly retired military personnel who were specialists in munitions handling and ordnance destruction at the Department of Defense , Shapiro said . Many of them work with nongovernmental organizations on de-mining . Shapiro noted the United States paid $ 3 million to two non-governmental organizations in Libya "  to help secure weapons that they discovered . " CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Gen. Ham is "  very concerned " about proliferation across Libyan borders A team of U.S. technical experts is assisting in securing weapons stockpiles The search effort is focused on shoulder-fired heat-seeking missiles The missiles pose a threat "  to anything that flies , " Ham says
CNN  -- Aside from winning his home state of Georgia and the bordering state of South Carolina , Newt Gingrich has had a lackluster performance in the Republican race . It is about time for Gingrich to step out of the race and endorse Rick Santorum . On Super Tuesday , Gingrich was fourth behind Ron Paul , who almost everyone acknowledges has no chance to win the nomination , in no fewer than four states . He finished respectably in Oklahoma  27 %  and Tennessee  23 %  , but still badly trailed Santorum -- and even Mitt Romney -- in these conservative states where he would have had the best chance to garner support . Since then , Santorum swept the Kansas caucuses . Gingrich is now making a strong effort in two other Deep South states , Alabama and Mississippi , and his staffers are intimating that if he does not do well there he will leave the race . It may be dawning on Gingrich that his chance of winning the GOP nomination is quickly receding and that he needs to think more about the conservative cause and what 's best for the Republican Party . Gingrich and Santorum have been competing for many of the same voters . Had Gingrich not been in the race , Santorum would probably have won more contests , including the biggest prize of Ohio , as well as the Michigan primary . It seems fairly certain that without Gingrich , Santorum would now be the clear front-runner and some people would be calling for Romney to depart the race . Santorum has positioned himself not only as the conservative alternative to Romney but the only candidate who can still snatch the nomination from him . Although Romney has been touted for some time as the likely nominee and received many endorsements , he simply has not caught on with a sizable part of the party 's base . From the beginning of the campaign season , this has been the case . He won a narrow victory in Ohio and in his home state of Michigan because of moderate Republican voters in urban and suburban areas . Some Republicans believe that Romney is the strongest candidate to run against President Barack Obama because he is most capable of broadening the party 's electoral base in the fall . However , Romney ca n't even broaden his own base within the party . When November comes , it 's not so clear that he can win the same urban and suburban voters who have reliably voted Democratic in the past . And if at the same time he fails to gain enough support among the rest of the Republican base , then he certainly wo n't be able to generate the turnout he needs to win . Moreover , his weakness with the Republican base has been reinforced by questions about his character , including his tendency to give off the impression of Brahmin aloofness , spend lavishly and use negative campaigning . The Republican establishment has encouraged the semi-marginalization of a substantial part of the party 's base this year by insistently claiming that only a "  moderate " can win -- by which it seems to mean someone with an unclear message and unsettled convictions . This sounds like a recipe for defeat . The establishment has not only disconnected itself from the preferences of many of its rank-and-file -- without whom the party surely can not win -- but it has also shown itself to be oblivious to the historical record . While it has not always been the case , Republican moderates often lose . Just think of Wendell Willkie , Thomas Dewey  twice  , Gerald Ford , George H. W. Bush  his re-election bid  , Bob Dole and John McCain . Some of these men were much less philosophically murky than Romney . Public Policy Polling has confirmed what most observers intuitively know : Gingrich 's voters would mostly go to Santorum . If Gingrich were to bow out , it would finally permit the kind of one-on-one race -- conservative versus moderate -- that would make clear where the rank-and-file wants the Republican Party to go and where its true electoral strength this year lies . Let 's see whether Republican voters really want a moderate of Romney 's stripe to lead them . Gingrich has performed his service by showing that clear , pointed and intellectually well-formulated challenges to the country 's current political drift will draw attention and support . Unless he wins handsomely in the Deep South , it 's time to let Santorum -- whose intellectual and rhetorical gifts are not far behind Gingrich 's -- lead the charge by himself . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephen M. Krason .	Stephen Krason : Newt Gingrich has had a lackluster performance in the GOP race Krason : Gingrich should step out of the race and endorse Rick Santorum He says Mitt Romney ca n't seem to broaden his support among Republicans Krason : Santorum is the only candidate who can take GOP nomination from Romney
In a dramatic turn during her murder trial , newlywed Jordan Linn Graham pleaded guilty Thursday to second-degree murder in a plea deal and recounted how she pushed her new husband over a Montana cliff last summer . "  It was a reckless act , " she told the judge who demanded the truth of what happened to Cody Johnson , her husband of eight days , in Glacier National Park in July . "  I just pushed , " she stated . The newlywed couple was arguing when he grabbed her and she told him , "  Let go . " She thought he was going to hold her down . She put one hand on his back and another on his shoulder and then pushed him face-first to his death , she told the court . When Graham declared her guilt , the victim 's mother in the gallery crumpled in her seat . Another relative of Johnson , who was 25 , threw her head back and cried , whispering "  she said guilty . " His friends held hands and appeared satisfied . Graham , 22 , now faces a sentence of up to life in prison , U.S. District Judge Donald W. Molloy said . Her minimum sentence could be 235 months , or 191/2 years , though sentencing guidelines are flexible , the judge said . In exchange for her guilty plea , prosecutors dropped a first-degree murder charge and a lying to investigators charge . The deal was announced after the prosecution and defense rested their cases and took a courtroom break . They had n't yet begun their closing arguments to the jury . When the trial resumed , the judge said there were new developments , and the prosecution announced a deal had been made . The jury was not in the room when the deal was announced . Lead defense attorney Michael Donahoe said prosecutors offered the deal in the late morning before the lunch break . Graham accepted the deal , he said . When everyone returned to the courtroom , the judge asked Graham if she was sure she wanted to plead guilty , because she could end up spending the rest of her life in a federal prison . Graham consented to the proceeding , though she appeared overwhelmed . She did n't cry , however . When the judge first asked what happened the day her husband was killed , Graham responded , "  I was n't thinking of where we were . " Then she spoke of the deadly argument and how she had misgivings about the marriage . "  I was n't really happy , " she said . She was n't feeling like one should when first married , she said . When the judge asked her why she left the murder scene , she said she was scared of what had happened . She had the car keys in her pocket . The judge accepted her guilty plea . Graham , a resident of Kalispell , was then handcuffed in the courtroom and taken into custody . Her sentencing is scheduled for March 27 , 2014 . Another of her attorneys , Andrew Nelson , summed up the trial and its surprise outcome : "  For us , it 's been emotional from the drop of the gavel . " A close friend of the victim , Brad Blasdel , was terse about justice in the case as he left the courthouse : "  God 'll take care of it . " ' A little creepy ' : Bride 's custom wedding song talks of falling During the U.S. District Court trial this week , prosecutors contended that Graham was having serious second thoughts about her marriage before her husband 's death and willfully lied to police after it . But her defense lawyers argued that the death plunge was an accident resulting from an argument . Graham initially lied to police , they said , because she was afraid she would n't be allowed to explain what happened on the cliff 's edge . The defense presented to the jury an emotional , heartbreaking review of the couple 's wedding video and showed the couple as a normal pair preparing for marriage . Graham 's husband disappeared July 7 . Four days later , the FBI said , Graham led friends and relatives to a popular spot in the park , where they found Johnson 's body . Graham at first maintained that she had simply speculated Johnson might have gone there . But an FBI agent said that she changed her story when she was shown a surveillance photo of the couple entering the park together . Police : Newlyweds lure man through Craigslist for thrill killing	"  For us , it 's been emotional from the drop of the gavel , " defense attorney says Friend of victim is terse about justice : "  God 'll take care of it " "  I just pushed " Cody Johnson over the cliff , defendant tells the judge She now faces at least 191/2 years in prison and a maximum of life
President Obama has decided to nominate Sen. John Kerry to be the next secretary of state and could make a formal announcement as early as next week , a Democrat who spoke to Kerry told CNN Saturday . The expected nomination follows U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice 's decision to withdraw her name from consideration for the post . She dropped out of the running Thursday after weeks of criticism from Republicans about statements she made about the September 11 , 2012 , attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi , Libya , which left four Americans dead , including Ambassador Chris Stevens . If confirmed by the Senate , Kerry would replace current Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who plans to leave her post within the administration . Kerry , the senior senator from Massachusetts and the Democratic Party 's 2004 presidential nominee , is noted for the experience , gravitas and relationship-building skills that could help him succeed as the United States ' top diplomat . Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , recently jokingly referred to Kerry as "  Mr. Secretary . " Sizing up Kerry as secretary of state In his current role as chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Kerry has traveled the globe on behalf of the Obama administration to mend frayed relationships . Most notably he has traveled to Pakistan after a series of incidents , including the raid that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , that had set relations back . Obama 's Cabinet : Who 's in , who 's out ? World travel is second nature to Kerry , 69 . Born in Denver , he spent much of his childhood overseas , living in Berlin before going to a Swiss boarding school at age 11 . After graduating from Yale University in 1966 , Kerry was deployed to Vietnam as a lieutenant in the U.S. Navy . Kerry served as a gunboat officer on the Mekong Delta , earning the Silver Star , the Bronze Star and three Purple Hearts . Upon his return home in the early 1970s , Kerry gained public recognition as the head of the group Vietnam Veterans Against the War and for his anti-war testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . Jockeying begins for Massachusetts Senate seat In 1972 , Kerry ran his first campaign , a losing effort for a congressional seat in Massachusetts . He eventually entered politics in 1982 as lieutenant governor under Gov. Michael Dukakis . Two years later , Kerry won the U.S. Senate seat he has held for five consecutive terms . The Vietnam experience came back to haunt Kerry during the 2004 presidential election . A Republican-funded group called "  Swift Boat Veterans for Truth " aired campaign ads accusing Kerry of lying to receive two of his five combat decorations and criticizing his anti-war activism . Incumbent President George W. Bush won the Electoral College vote 292 to 252 and racked up 3 million more votes than Kerry . McCain , Rice , Obama and the politics of personality After winning his fifth Senate race in 2008 , Kerry took over the Senate Foreign Relations Committee the following January . If nominated by the president and confirmed by his colleagues in the Senate , Kerry would leave Congress , and Deval Patrick , Massachusetts ' Democratic governor , would appoint a replacement . By state law , a special general election is required to take place 145 to 160 days after a vacancy occurs . So if Kerry were nominated , confirmed , and then stepped down on January 21  Inauguration Day  , the election would take place between June 14 and June 29 , with primary elections being held six weeks earlier . Whoever wins the special election would serve the final year and a half of Kerry 's term and would then be able to run again for a full six-year term in office in the 2014 midterm elections . Patrick says it 's too soon to say whether he 'll name a caretaker or appoint someone who would run in the special election . But a Democratic strategist in Massachusetts says Patrick is under pressure to avoid naming a caretaker , in hopes of preventing a divisive primary . The strategist told CNN that both Rep. Ed Markey and Rep. Michael Capuano have already separately met with Patrick to ask for the appointment if Kerry 's seat does open up .	Obama has decided to nominate Sen. John Kerry to be secretary of state , Democrat says A formal announcement could come as early as next week U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice withdrew her name from consideration Thursday
CNN  -- A tense , weeklong showdown appeared to end Saturday between the federal government and supporters of a Nevada cattle rancher battling the Bureau of Land Management  BLM  over grazing rights on federal land . The BLM stopped rounding up rancher Cliven Bundy 's cattle and returned about 300 head of cattle to the open range to avoid the potential for violence , according to the BLM and CNN affiliate KSNV . The Old West-style controversy -- centering on a family that has been ranching in Nevada since the 1800s -- drew armed militia groups from across the country to the cattleman 's side this week , especially after a YouTube video captured a tussle teetering on violence between rangers and protesters . The BLM said Bundy owed about $ 1 million in back fees because his cattle grazed on federal land . On Saturday , hundreds of protesters gathered outside the BLM 's cattle gate , according to CNN affiliate KLAS . Some of them were armed . "  Due to escalating tensions , the cattle have been released from the enclosures in order to avoid violence and help restore order , " the BLM said in a prepared statement . Also Saturday , supporters of Bundy , some of them armed , forced a temporary shutdown of northbound lanes of Interstate 15 near his ranch , the Nevada Highway Patrol said . "  Based on information about conditions on the ground , and in consultation with law enforcement , we have made a decision to conclude the cattle gather because of our serious concern about the safety of employees and members of the public , " said BLM director Neil Kornze . The highway was reopened early Saturday afternoon after protesters moved to the side of the road and stopping blocking it . But traffic was backed up for three miles in both directions , Trooper Loy Hixson told CNN . He said nobody in the crowd threatened violence . It was unclear whether Bundy and the BLM had come to an agreement on how to end the long-running conflict . U.S. Sen. Dean Heller , R-Nevada , appealed for calm Saturday and told out-of-state supporters to return home . "  The dispute is over , the BLM is leaving , but emotions and tensions are still near the boiling point , and we desperately need a peaceful conclusion to this conflict , " Heller said in a statement . "  I urge all the people involved to please return to your homes and allow the BLM officers to collect their equipment and depart without interference . "  We are very close to a calm , peaceful resolution but it only takes the action of one individual to stir things up again and bring us back to the brink of violence and no one wants to see that happen , " Heller said . The growing protest came amid the BLM 's decision to put an early end to a roundup of Bundy 's cattle , which the feds claim have been illegally grazing on federal land for 20 years . Earlier Saturday , Kornze said that contracted wranglers and U.S. rangers apparently made enough progress in rounding up cattle that belonged to Bundy , who is challenging federal authority in a valley that his family settled in the Wild West era . The roundup occurred near the scenic Virgin River at Bunkerville , where Bundy 's ranch is located . "  After one week , we have made progress in enforcing two recent court orders to remove the trespass cattle from public lands that belong to all Americans , " Kornze said in a statement . He was referring to how two different federal judges ordered the removal of Bundy 's cattle . Bundy 's dispute with the government began around 1993 when the bureau changed grazing rules for the 600,000-acre Gold Butte area to protect an endangered desert tortoise , CNN affiliate KLAS reported . Bundy , who 's in his 60s , cites the Constitution in asserting that the state of Nevada holds sovereignty over the charging of grazing fees and , if he owes such a fee , he would pay it only to the local government -- not to the feds . Bundy also contends his family has been ranching in the Virgin Valley on the Nevada range since 1877 -- long before the BLM even existed and before the tortoise was declared endangered . Bundy has said he owns 500 of the more than 900 cattle that federal officials had been planning to confiscate for illegal grazing , according to local media accounts , with each head worth about $ 1,000 . The rancher could n't be immediately reached for comment Saturday after the feds shut down the roundup . On Wednesday , a scuffle between protesters and federal rangers was videotaped . Bundy family members and their supporters confronted the rangers and angrily told them to leave Nevada . Fearing that the cattle were being killed in the roundup , they also demanded to know why a backhoe and dump truck was being used , but federal officials later said the equipment was used to restore the range . For their part , federal rangers held Tasers and barking dogs on leashes during the faceoff . Federal officials say a police dog was kicked and officers were assaulted . Bundy family members say they were thrown to the ground or jolted with a Taser . In the end , the rangers got into their white SUVs and drove away , a YouTube video of the incident showed . The incident is under federal investigation . Gov. Brian Sandoval said Saturday of the BLM decision : "  The safety of all individuals involved in this matter has been my highest priority . Given the circumstances , today 's outcome is the best we could have hoped for . I appreciate that the Department of the Interior and the BLM were willing to listen to the concerns of the people of Nevada . " Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Sheriff Douglas C. Gillespie issued a press release late Saturday night saying he mediated the agreement between the Bundy familiy and BLM . "  I want to stress to all of you that as the sheriff of Clark County I can not interfere with the Federal government when it is operating on Federal land , " Gillespie said . "  And because this is BLM property , it is in their jurisdiction . But when a group of protesters threaten civil unrest or violence in this county -- it is my job to step in and ensure the safety of citizens . " CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton , Janet DiGiacomo and Dan Simon contributed to this report .	Authorities end cattle roundup , return livestock for safety reasons Troopers reopen northbound Interstate 15 about 80 miles outside Las Vegas "  Tensions are still near the boiling point , " Sen. Heller says Some supporters of rancher were armed , authorities say
CNN  -- Move over , baseball . The coolest new trading cards feature a "  Geek a Week . " For the last 52 weeks , artist Len Peralta has been interviewing one geek hero a week , posting podcasts of his discussions online and designing the front and back of a trading card .  Paul and Storm write the descriptions . This week , nerdy retailer ThinkGeek debuts physical , collectible "  Geek a Week " cards . The first installment features the first eight geeks in Peralta 's project . The cards show a picture on the front of a celebrity in the geek world , stylized as an iconic character from sci-fi or fantasy . The backs offer a description of the characterized geek and an amalgamation of Dungeons & Dragons and Pokemon-stye attributes . The only thing missing is a dry , tasteless piece of gum . "  We 're releasing them in waves of eight going in order , so there actually will be 56 cards total , " Peralta said . "  So there will be four secret geeks included . " Already in the collection of 52 are such geek luminaries as Weird Al , Phil Plait , Felicia Day , Dana Snyder and Steve Wozniak . Peralta has gone from fanboy to respected interviewer and entrepreneur thanks to this geeky experiment . "  I 'm selling the cards because I knew people wanted them . I wanted them . I wanted to hold on to them , I wanted them to be physical , " he said . Thanks to society 's recent acceptance of geeky enthusiasm , Peralta is convinced it 's possible to turn nerd obsession indulgence into a viable career option . "  We 're at a point where you 're allowed to geek out and you 're allowed to be kind of goofy , " he said . Aaron Douglas , who played Chief Tyrol on "  Battlestar Galactica , " sees things slightly differently . As "  Geek a Week " card No. 47 , Douglas was portrayed as "  The Comedian " from Alan Moore 's graphic novel , "  The Watchmen . " "  I love the sneer and the cigar . I love that I am a badass  geek  . I love that you can be badass and a geek and I think that Len nailed it , " he said . Neil Gaiman , author of "  The Sandman " comic books and novels like "  Stardust " and "  Coraline , " was "  Geek a Week " card No. 35 , depicted as "  The Vault Keeper . " "  The depictions of people on the ` Geek a Week ' cards are always fundamentally iconic , " he said . "  For a storyteller , there 's probably little that 's more iconic than one of the old EC Comics horror hosts . " "  Obviously , I was consumed with bitter envy with my friends who were depicted as superheroes , " he said , but admitted he would rather be cobwebby and in a crypt somewhere . Douglas said the trading cards are unique because , "  It is a window into the lives of people you would n't otherwise get to know in this way . It shows that it is cool to be a geek and that there are many very cool people who have a whole geek side that their professions do n't allow out . " "  Part of the fun of geek a week is actually celebrating the people who do n't normally get their cards , " said Gaiman . "  Because if you ask your average person in the street who Jonathan Coulton was , they might look at you with puzzled eyes and hazard a guess as to possibly someone in baseball or maybe a politician . But if you 're on the right college campus or on the right internet site and mention Jonathan Coulton , you will see eyes that light up and people salivate and start humming songs and it becomes this sort of bonding thing . " Kari Byron -- "  Head Rush " host , part of the "  Mythbusters " team and "  Geek a Week " card No. 36  as the Tomb Raider  -- said , "  He really captured what people actually look like . He definitely got the essence of people . " "  He 's honoring people that are sort of outside the box . It 's not Lady Gaga or the glamorous  celebrities  , it 's kind of Dragon * Con culture people , " Byron said . "  No. 52  was Nolan Bushnell , the ` godfather of gaming , ' he called him . I really like the fact that he 's honoring a different sort of person . " "  I think geek is definitely a career path you can take now . It 's become something you do n't have to be ashamed of . If you 're good at math , you like comic books and you watch ` Buffy the Vampire Slayer , ' it 's not uncool anymore , " she said . "  The commercialization of nerd-dom made my career . " To commemorate the debut of the "  Geek a Week " cards , ThinkGeek is holding a weeklong charity auction of items related to the geeks of the weeks -- including an action figure of Chief Tyrol from "  Battlestar Galactica " signed by Douglas , honey from Gaiman 's private apiary , signed editions of the first set of Geek a Week cards and original props from "  Mythbusters . " Peralta is still amazed at how his project has turned out . "  It 's weird , because I 'm just a fan , " he said . "  I 'm no one . I 'm an unknown artist and to have  celebrities donate to the charity  like that is really edifying . " On his journey to a nerdy career , Peralta has learned "  it never hurts to ask , " and he 's been able to connect to geek royalty through the relationships he fostered along the way . "  I guess what I 've learned is that being friendly , being honest and open and just being a nice person still counts in this world , " he said . Peralta found that his heroes were unpretentious and normal , but that did n't do much to stop the butterflies in his stomach . "  Honestly , I never stopped feeling like a total nerd . I always felt like I was still not able to approach the cool-people table , like in high school , " he said . "  The phrase I 've been using is , I felt like a nerd among nerds . " But the nerds love his work . "  I really like the Bonnie Burton  card  , " Byron said . "  She 's just so gothy looking , it 's great ! He definitely captured her . " "  I want mine , obviously , because dammit , I want my card , " Gaiman said . "  And I want Paul & Storm 's , because I got to write the back of that one . " Douglas said he wants all the cards . But thanks to a frenemy relationship with "  Geek a Week " card No. 14 , "  If I had to pick one , " he said , "  Wil Wheaton , so I can tape it to my dart board . "	Artist Len Peralta has been interviewing one geek hero a week The cards show a celebrity in the geek world , stylized as an iconic sci-fi or fantasy character Geeks portrayed include Weird Al , Aaron Douglas , Kari Byron
Khartoum , Sudan  CNN  -- An event organized by TEDxKhartoum in Sudan was canceled by security authorities , organizers say . "  We are not a political group , we are neutral , " Anwar Dafa-Allah , the event 's organizer , said Saturday . "  We promote positive thinking . " Earlier in the day , members of Sudan 's National Security and Intelligence Service interrupted the event , held at a luxury hotel in Khartoum , and asked for a permit , organizers said . Even though they already had one , the organizers said , they went and got a new one . "  But a security officer returned and said the event was canceled , " said Dafa-Allah . TEDx is a global series of conferences , based on the U.S.-based group TED , which promotes "  ideas worth spreading . " TEDxKhartoum came into being in 2011 and has held 11 events since , organizers say . "  I do n't understand  the cancellation  ; there is nothing new , " Dafa-Allah said . This year 's TEDxKhartoum speakers included several local and international speakers including John Hall of Linux International . TEDxKhartoum 's events are attended by hundreds of college students and young professionals . This year 's event 's theme was "  knowledge into action . " Earlier this year , Human Rights Watch called on the government of Sudan to "  end its crackdown on civil society . " "  The Sudanese government should respect and protect space for independent civil society to operate fully and freely , " said Daniel Bekele of Human Rights Watch . CNN 's Waffa Munayyer contributed to this report .	TEDxKhartoum event included international speakers on the theme "  knowledge into action " Security forces demanded permit , organizers say , and then said the event was canceled Human Rights Watch has accused Sudan government of "  crackdown on civil society "
MOGADISHU , Somalia  CNN  -- Fresh fighting between Ethiopian-backed government forces and Islamic insurgents in Somalia 's capital city of Mogadishu reportedly killed at least 10 people Sunday , eyewitnesses said . A man walks past the rubble of a building destroyed in Sunday 's fighting The two sides pounded each other with artillery , sending children scurrying and bringing business at the city 's main market to a standstill . "  The fighting is so heavy and a barrage of mortar bombs is hitting many parts in Bakara market , killing people and causing heavy damages of buildings " said Ali Abdulkadir , a cloth trader at the city 's main Bakara Market . Hawo Abdi Oman , another eyewitness at the market , said a shell landed in an area crowded with people , killing nine civilians . Among the dead , she said , were two children and four women . The market , a rebel stronghold , has been the site of numerous clashes since early last year . In a nearby neighborhood , Geed Jaceyl , a shell landed on a house , crushing it . A woman who was inside was killed , witnesses said . A second shell landed near a religious school , sending children running for cover . No one was injured in that incident . The presence of Ethiopian troops trying to help defend a transitional government 's hold on Mogadishu has united Islamic militant groups seeking to gain control of the city . In 2006 , the Islamic Courts Union -- a militia group -- ousted Somalia 's transitional government from power . But the ICU was deposed in December of that year following Ethiopia 's military invasion . Since then , insurgent groups have been trying to destabilize the government . Somalia 's current transitional government is trying to maintain control of the capital , with the help of the better-equipped Ethiopian forces . The violence has displaced more than 40,000 civilians who have taken shelter in dozens of makeshift settlements west of Mogadishu . Somalia has been mired in chaos since 1991 , when warlords overthrew dictator Mohamed Siad Barre and sparked brutal clan infighting . Sunday 's fighting came a day after suspected insurgents killed a local reporter , who freelanced for the BBC and Reuters news agency . The national union of journalists in Somalia called the death of Nasteh Dahir Farah a "  targeted assassination . " He was the 10th reporter killed in the war-torn nation since last year . Farah , 36 , was gunned down on his way home from work in the southern city of Kismayu , according to the National Union of Somali Journalists . -- Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report	Fighting between government forces and insurgents in Mogadishu kills at least 10 Shell lands in an area crowded with people , killing a group of civilians Women and children among the dead , according to witnesses
Editor 's note : John Feehery worked for former House Speaker Dennis Hastert and other Republicans in Congress . He is president of Feehery Group , a Washington-based advocacy firm that has represented clients that include News Corp. , Ford Motor Co. and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce . He formerly was a government relations executive vice president for the Motion Picture Association of America . John Feehery says he 's proud Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize , but now the president needs to earn it . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Usually , when a president wins the Nobel Peace Prize , it is uniformly seen as a positive development for America and for the world . Both opponents and allies tend to celebrate the fact that an American president actually got recognized by a bunch of Norwegians for something he achieved . But with Barack Obama , who surprisingly picked up his first Nobel Prize on Friday , the reaction was not altogether positive from either the left or the right . You would expect that conservatives would raise questions about the president 's award . Conservatives raise questions about everything the president does . But liberals also joined in . Mickey Kaus of Slate said that the president should say thanks , but no thanks . "  Turn it down ! Politely decline . Say he 's honored but he has n't had the time yet to accomplish what he wants to accomplish . " Liberal columnist Richard Cohen wrote a mocking column , comparing Obama 's award to a fictional award given to Sarah Palin for promising to "  read a book someday . " We are all glad that Norway loves Obama , but come on . Let 's get serious . I am reminded of when Chicago White Sox owner Jerry Reinsdorf decided to retire the jersey of longtime White Sox player Harold Baines . It was a little premature for Baines to get his uniform retired when he himself was playing for another team .  Baines played a couple more years , surely the only instance where a player 's uniform was retired before the player was . Awarding Obama the Nobel Peace Prize is similarly premature . In fact , the White House seemed as surprised as anybody about the gesture . I imagine that when Obama first picked up the line , he thought it was a crank call . "  I won what ? " he must have exclaimed . But it is no joke . It seems that President Obama won his first Nobel Peace Prize , for , well , being President Obama . Just the very idea of a President Obama is enough to make the Nobel Selection Committee swoon . The president said he was humbled by this award . To paraphrase Winston Churchill , he has much to be humble about . When it comes to peace , it is hard to see what notable accomplishments have been achieved thus far in the Obama presidency . That is not a slap at him . Peace takes time . It took John Hume and David Trimble about 30 years of really hard and dangerous work in Northern Ireland before they got a Nobel Peace Prize . And despite all of that hard work , peace and reconciliation is still elusive in that region . Mr. Obama has n't even been able to get a peace deal between Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid , who continue to snipe at each other over the health care public option and Afghanistan . Peace has n't exactly broken out in Iraq , Afghanistan , Pakistan , Israel , or Iran either . Nobel Prizes usually go for some fairly notable accomplishments . Nelson Mandela spent much of his life protesting apartheid and serving a prison sentence . He is a man who deserved a peace prize . Mikhail Gorbachev allowed the Soviet Union to collapse without much of a whimper . That was an accomplishment that deserved a peace prize . But what exactly has President Obama done to deserve such an award ? And if he actually does something in the future , does that mean he gets another one ? Apparently , the voting on the peace prize started shortly after the president was sworn in . Perhaps he is getting the peace prize because of his inaugural address . Yep , a lot of people came to that speech , and peace mostly reigned on that day  except for those people with tickets to the Inauguration who got stuck in the "  purple tunnel " in Washington  . But I do n't think he deserves a peace prize for that . I guess he got the prize because he was elected president and he was n't George Bush . Well , if that is the case , maybe all of those millions of Americans who voted for him should share the prize , because they actually did most of the work . They voted . As an American , I am proud that our president was awarded a Nobel Peace Prize . Now , I , like many others on the right and the left , would like to see him do something to earn it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Feehery .	John Feehery : Obama 's Nobel Prize win surprised the right , the left , Obama himself Hard to see any notable achievements for peace by Obama so far , Feehery says He says Obama won because he was elected president and was n't George Bush Obama voters should share the prize , because they elected him , Feehery says
CNN  -- Italy 's Valentino Rossi gave his bid to seal a seventh Moto GP world title at the Malaysian Grand Prix a boost after qualifying for the race in pole position . The defending champion set a name lap-record time of 2 minutes 00.518 seconds despite sweltering conditions on Saturday . The time smashed Casey Stoner 's 2007 lap record of 2 minutes 02.108 seconds . The Yamaha rider celebrated his seventh pole of the season by pulling a wheelie as he drove into the pit lane at the Sepang circuit . The 5.5-kilometer track that is situated south of the capital Kuala Lumpur , is a notoriously tought test for rider and machine alike with its combination of tight corners , long straights and tough high-speed bends . The 30-year-old currently leads the world championship by 38 points , a position that means a top-four finish at Sepang would seal the title on Sunday . Rossi 's teammate Jorge Lorenzo qualified in second place , just 0.569 sec behind -- a result that prompted Rossi to pay tribute to the hard work of his team . "  The team worked well , the bike performed well , hence I was able to go faster . "  Starting from pole is important since the  first  corner is far away , " he added . Spaniard Dani Pedrosa  Honda  was 0.736 sec behind Rossi while Australian Stoner was fourth at 0.937 sec . Ducati rider Stoner , who finished ahead of Rossi in last weekend 's Australian Grand Prix to take the win , is third in the world championship standings , with Pedrosa fourth on a Honda .	Italy 's Valentino Rossi qualifies in pole position for the Malaysian Moto GP The 30-year-old 's fastest time smashed the lap record at the Sepang circuit Rossi currently leads the world championship by 38 points with two races left The defending champion can clinch his seventh title with a top-four finish
CNN  -- That which does not kill us only makes us laugh . That seems to be the governing principle in this outrageously offensive , but ridiculously funny , effort from agent provocateur Sacha Baron Cohen . The "  Borat " star has now exhausted the characters he introduced in "  Da Ali G Show " and presumably worn out his welcome as a celebrity interviewer . In "  The Dictator , " his third and most outwardly conventional Hollywood vehicle , he introduces us to one "  General Admiral Aladeen , " a North African despot who resembles Libya 's Colonel Moammar Gadhafi , but with an Osama bin Laden beard , and something of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's knack for international diplomacy .  The film is dedicated to the memory of the late Kim Jong Il . Summoned to the United Nations to explain his country 's mushrooming nuclear weapons program , Aladeen plans to throw down the gauntlet , but instead he 's abducted from his hotel room and only escapes assassination by the skin of his teeth . This close shave leaves him unrecognizably clean shaven , alone and anonymous on the streets of New York , supplanted by an idiot double under the control of his conniving uncle  played by Ben Kingsley  . Mistaken for a political refugee by the well-meaning manager of a vegan cooperative grocery store  played by Anna Faris  , Aladeen embarks on a new career in the service industry until he can get his country back . There 's nothing very original in this scenario , except perhaps for the unthinking brutality of the hero . Baron Cohen and his regular collaborator director Larry Charles scarcely concern themselves putting the mechanics of the plot in place . As a piece of storytelling "  The Dictator " is perfunctory to the point of disdain . In their previous efforts these merry pranksters have operated on the margins of documentary , improvising recklessly with the unpredictable dynamics of volatile situations and unsuspecting dupes . Such mockery took cunning and courage , as well as brilliantly quick comic reflexes . At its best it exposed the venal hypocrisy , ignorance and prejudice lurking just beneath the surface of polite society . Perhaps sensing that they 're inherently on safer but also more sterile ground here , working with actors and from a script , they compensate with a barrage of bad taste and near-the-knuckle gags . There is something to offend just about everyone : 9/11 jokes , rape jokes , race jokes , child abuse jokes , you name it . A barking chauvinist bigot , Aladeen makes Borat look like a puppy dog . But he 's certainly bracing company , the scourge of political correctness and a walking litmus test of our commitment to free speech . We 've seen plenty of taboo-busting comedies over the last few years , but this one really goes for the jugular . Lesbians , the disabled , the Chinese , several Hollywood stars , Muslims and Jews all have reasons to cringe . Baron Cohen is an equal opportunities agitator ; he takes on everybody at once and dares you not to laugh . How can you not , when Aladeen attempts to impersonate a Chinese-American tourist by pressing his fingers to his eyes and pronouncing his "  r "  s and "  l "  s , apparently convinced of his acting prowess after starring in several vanity projects back home in Wadiya . The joke is more sophisticated than it first appears when you consider that it 's performed by an English Jew , caricaturing a North African Muslim . For all its crudity and occasional flatness , "  The Dictator " is a satire that takes no prisoners and valuable for that reason . In his big climactic speech , even the irredeemable Aladeen rises to the occasion with a brilliant piece of political oratory that turns the tables on everything we think we know about today 's cultural jihad . It 's a superbly cheeky cinematic coup worthy of another great English comedian , Charlie Chaplin .	Sacha Baron Cohen introduces us to one "  General Admiral Aladeen , " a despot He 's abducted from his hotel and only escapes assassination by the skin of his teeth A barking chauvinist bigot , Aladeen makes Borat look like a puppy dog
CNN  Chris Copeland of the Indiana Pacers was stabbed after leaving a trendy New York nightclub early Wednesday , and two Atlanta Hawks -- who had just finished a home game hours before the incident -- were among those arrested , according to police and CNN affiliates . The Hawks were not involved in the stabbing incident , police said , but were arrested on obstruction and other charges later . Though New York Police Department Det. Kelly Ort initially told CNN the incident occurred just before 4 a.m. at 1OAK , a club in New York 's Chelsea neighborhood known to draw celebrities among its clientele , the club later told CNN that the stabbing occurred in front of the Fulton Houses project down the street . "  1OAK staff was unaware of the incident when it happened , as it occurred beyond their view in a different location . However , 1OAK 's team assisted Mr. Copeland to their fullest capabilities , and called for help as soon as he was seen walking back towards the venue , " the statement said . The statement continued , "  A review of the video footage seems to reveal the incident did not originate from the venue or its immediate surroundings that are under 1OAK supervision . " Copeland and a female companion , Katrine Saltara , were in the club for about 10 minutes before leaving and walking down the street toward Fulton Houses , where their car was parked , said a 1OAK spokesperson . The spokesperson gave CNN additional details on condition of anonymity because 1OAK 's legal team had approved only the club 's official statement . The suspect , who the spokesperson said never entered 1OAK , stabbed Copeland and Saltara in front of Fulton Houses , and according to the club 's statement , "  Mr. Copeland 's driver sprang to accost and detain the apparent perpetrator and that individual is now in police custody . " Charges against the suspect are pending , and his name will be released once charges are filed , Ort said . Copeland and Saltara tried to make their way back to the club to seek help from the 20 or so security personnel on hand , leaving a "  bloody trail of handprints " between the site of the stabbing and the club , the spokesperson said . Copeland "  almost landed right next to the club , " the spokesperson said , adding that surveillance footage will not show the actual stabbing because it occurred too far away from the club . The club shut down immediately after the incident , the spokesperson said . A male and two females were taken to area hospitals , Ort said . A knife was recovered , a suspect was arrested and two individuals not involved in the dispute -- the Hawks ' Pero Antic , 32 , and Thabo Sefolosha , 30 -- were arrested on charges of obstructing governmental administration and disorderly conduct , she said . Sefolosha faces an additional charge of resisting arrest , Ort said . Word of the stabbing quickly spread through the club , reaching Antic and Sefolosha , who went outside to check on their friend , Copeland , the 1OAK spokesperson said . At one point , the two began pushing their way through a crowd that had gathered around the scene , leading to their arrests , the spokesperson said . "  We will contest these charges and look forward to communicating the facts of the situation at the appropriate time , " the players said in a joint statement released by the team . "  We apologize to our respective families , teammates , and the Hawks ' organization for any negative attention this incident has brought upon them . " The Hawks are in New York for a Wednesday night game against the Brooklyn Nets . Neither player will be in uniform , the team said . Police released little information Wednesday , but local media identified the injured man as Copeland , 31 , who is from Orange , New Jersey . The Pacers released a statement saying Copeland suffered a knife wound to his left elbow and abdomen , and he 's in stable condition at a New York hospital . "  We are aware that Chris Copeland was injured early this morning in New York City . We are still gathering information and will update when we know more . Our thoughts are with Chris and those injured , " Larry Bird , the Pacers ' president of basketball operations , said in a statement . Copeland 's agent , John Spencer , issued a statement saying , "  We 're concerned about the safety of Chris and Katrine . We do n't have any details at this particular time . All we can do is pray and wait . " The NBA and the Hawks front office said they were looking into the incident . "  We are aware of the situation involving Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha this morning . We are in the process of gathering more information and will have further comment at the appropriate time , " Hawks spokesman Garin Narain said in an email . Copeland 's Pacers are slated to play the New York Knicks on Wednesday night . The pair apparently had only recently arrived in New York prior to their arrests , as both were on the court for the Hawks ' 96-69 win over the Phoenix Suns in Atlanta on Tuesday night . Antic played 12 minutes , and Sefolosha played 20 . The game ended around 10 p.m. Copeland , a former Knick , was near the nightclub with Saltara when a 22-year-old Brooklyn man approached them , police told CNN affiliate WABC . There was some sort of dispute before the suspect stabbed the 6-foot-8-inch Copeland in the abdomen , slashed Saltara and then slashed another woman , the station reported . Saltara suffered cuts to her arm , breast and buttock , and the other woman suffered a slash to her stomach , CNN affiliate WCBS reported . While WCBS reported that the second woman was 53 years old , WABC reported she was 23 . Images published in the New York Daily News showed a considerable amount of blood on the sidewalk and a white sports coupe , roped off with police tape , with several streaks of blood on its driver 's side . Antic and Sefolosha interfered with officers trying to establish a crime scene , and one of the Hawks pushed a police officer , WABC reported . The Hawks are preparing for a historic playoff run after clinching the No. 1 seed in the NBA 's Eastern Conference . Tuesday 's win over the Suns marked a franchise-best 58 wins in a season for the club . The Pacers sit in the conference 's 10th spot but are only one game out of playoff contention . CNN 's Laura Ly , Jason Durand and Jill Martin contributed to this report .	Hawks say neither Thabo Sefolosha nor Pero Antic will play Wednesday against Brooklyn Chris Copeland left "  bloody trail of handprints " as he returned to club seeking help , club says Suspect in custody , police say , adding they will release his name once charges are filed
Jerusalem  CNN  -- For the first time in three years , Israelis and Palestinians will come to the negotiating table in Washington on Monday night . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry reiterated praise for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas on Monday morning . The talks will be "  a difficult process , " but he added that the consequences of not trying could be worse . Kerry said the goal is to seek "  reasonable compromises " on "  tough , complicated , emotional " and symbolic issues , then he announced former U.S. ambassador to Israel , Martin Indyk , as U.S. envoy to the talks . Indyk understands that peace will not come easily , but that "  there is now a path forward , and we must follow that path with urgency , " Kerry added . The goal of the talks is to establish a Palestinian state with security arrangements and agreed-upon borders with Israel . Indyk said that he recalled a screen saver that his son once created for him -- a single question that ran across his monitor : "  Dad , is there peace in the Middle East yet ? " "  For 15 years , I 've only been able to answer him , ` Not yet , ' " Indyk told reporters . But he said he is hoping that these talks would mark a change . President Barack Obama said the talks are "  a promising step forward " but "  hard work and hard choices remain ahead . " In a precursor to the talks , Netanyahu prodded the Israeli government into approving the release of 104 Palestinian prisoners -- a move that flies in the face of popular sentiment in Israel . "  This moment is not easy for me . It is not easy for the ministers , " he said . "  It is not easy especially for the families , the bereaved families , whose heart I understand . But there are moments in which tough decisions must be made for the good of the country , and this is one of those moments . " The measure passed 14-6 , with two abstentions . "  It 's easy to see why Israelis would n't be happy about this because some of these prisoners are murderers , " said Elliott Abrams , an expert on U.S. policy in the Middle East with the Council on Foreign Relations . "  There are some of them who 've thrown bombs onto buses . There are a lot of victims in Israel who are outraged and speaking out in media there asking , ` Why do we have to give Palestinians some kind of concession to get them to the negotiating table ? ' They 're asking , ` Why are we having to let people out of prison with blood on their hands ? ' " Abrams wrote about the peace talks Monday . Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon spoke in an internal Cabinet meeting Sunday , saying : "  There is a heavy price to pay about the freeing of prisoners , from the moral point of view , the legal point of view and deterrence . "  I wish we would not have such dilemmas , " he continued . "  However , in the situation which has come about , there will be a heavy price to pay if we decide not to go into a peace process and are blamed for that in our strategic connection with the U.S.A. and other Western countries . " Also at Sunday 's meeting , the Cabinet approved the opening of diplomatic negotiations with the Palestinians and authorized a team headed by Netanyahu and four other top ministers to conduct the prisoner release . The votes were designed to build confidence and help kick-start the Israeli-Palestinian negotiations . The first of four waves of releases is scheduled to come after the negotiations get under way . But Palestinian lawmaker Mustafa Barghouti called the gesture too little , too late . "  The number of prisoners who will be released will be 104 out of 4,800 Palestinian prisoners inside Israeli prisons , so it is a very small number in comparison , " according to Barghouti , who said this group should have been set free after the Oslo Peace Accords in 1993 . "  Second , they will be released as announced by  Israeli Justice Minister Tzipi  Livni in stages , depending on the attitude of the Palestinian negotiators on the table , which means the issue of Palestinian prisoners will be used as an instrument of political blackmail , " he said . "  They were all arrested before the Oslo agreement . They lost 20 and 30 years of their life , and there is no justification for that at all . " The players The Israelis will be represented at the talks by Livni and Yitzhak Molcho , and the Palestinians will be represented by Chief Negotiator Saeb Erakat and Mohammad Shtayyeh , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement . Read more : Israelis , Palestinians to resume talks Some observers see the Palestinian prisoner release vote , for example , is a sign that the talks have a good chance at being successful . But it 's not just in the hands of politicians . The Israeli Cabinet approved a measure stating that any agreement with the Palestinians will be submitted to Israelis for a vote . And while leaders meet in Washington , violence raged in the region . Palestinian police in Ramallah , West Bank , clashed with marchers protesting the negotiations . The protesters believe the talks indicate a "  willingness to concede , against the position of the Palestinian national consensus and even the decisions of the PLO institutions themselves , " and called the planned talks "  deeply dangerous to the Palestinian national cause , " said the Addameer Prisoner Support and Human Rights Association , a Jerusalem-based Palestinian nongovernmental organization . And Hamas , which governs the Palestinian territory of Gaza , issued a statement saying that it "  rejects the Palestinian Authority return to peace talks with the Israeli occupation authorities . " CNN 's Michael Schwartz reported from Jerusalem and Ashley Fantz wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	Peace negotiations are to start Monday night in Washington , the U.S. State Department says Israel plans to release 104 Palestinian prisoners , starting next week Any peace plan would have to be approved by a vote of Israelis , Israel 's Cabinet says The goal of the talks is to agree to a Palestinian state 's borders , make security arrangements
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- About 35 American activists dressed in pink are expected to take part in a demonstration Friday in Islamabad against U.S. drone strikes that target militants in Pakistan . The U.S. protesters , from the anti-war group Code Pink , are visiting Pakistan to make contact with people affected by the drone strikes and draw the attention of the American public to the situation in areas where the attacks take place . "  We are here to say , on behalf of those Americans with a conscience , that we apologize to the people of Pakistan for the killing and suffering " caused by the drones , Medea Benjamin , one of the founders of Code Pink , said at a news conference Thursday in Islamabad . Organized in conjunction with a British advocacy group , the rally Friday is scheduled to take place in one of the Pakistani capital 's busiest market places . The protesters say they plan to wear bright pink clothes , carry banners and recite anti-drone chants . The drone strike program in Pakistan has long been controversial , with conflicting reports on its impact from the U.S. government , Pakistani officials and independent organizations . American officials insist that the choice and execution of the strikes -- begun under former President George W. Bush and ramped up under President Barack Obama -- meet strict standards and that cases of civilian deaths or injuries are extremely rare . But a study released last month by Stanford Law School and New York University 's School of Law said the drone attacks had killed far more people than the United States acknowledges , traumatized innocent residents and been largely ineffective . Civilians account for a significant portion of those killed , the study said . The drone program is deeply unpopular in Pakistan , where the national parliament voted in April to end any authorization for it . Code Pink 's demonstration Friday in Islamabad is the precursor to a bigger , more ambitious protest over drone strikes in which the group plans to participate over the weekend . The activists say they hope to join cricket-star-turned-politician Imran Khan and his party , Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf , in a march to South Waziristan , part of Pakistan 's ungoverned tribal region along the Afghanistan border where drone strikes are frequent . But the activists say they are unsure if the Pakistani government will allow them to take part in the march to the restive region . The neighboring district , North Waziristan , is widely believed to be the headquarters of the Haqqani network -- a militant group Washington has long accused of fueling some of the deadliest attacks against NATO troops in Afghanistan . If the authorities prevent them from participating in the march to South Waziristan , the Code Pink activists say they will invite people from the area affected by the drone strikes to join them in a large gathering in Islamabad . They say they are also considering the possibility of a hunger strike outside the U.S. Embassy in the capital . Code Pink says on its website that the broader goal of its Pakistan trip is to "  stop the drone strikes and get compensation for the families of civilians killed by the strikes . " It has held meetings in Islamabad this week with victims of the strikes and U.S. officials . The women-led organization became known for antiwar demonstrations in Washington during the U.S. buildup in Iraq . The group has held protests over a range of different international issues . Code Pink has regularly disrupted high-profile congressional hearings dealing with war and national defense issues , as well as interrupting speeches by foreign officials like Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel . Among the activists with the Code Pink delegation in Pakistan at the moment is Ann Wright , a former U.S. Army colonel and State Department official who quit her post to protest the U.S. invasion of Iraq . In an appearance this week on the Pakistani television station Geo TV , Wright said that U.S. drone strikes are a violation of Pakistan 's sovereignty and are fueling anti-American sentiment in the region . When the Pakistani television host asked Wright to respond to accusations that she was a radical activist , she said jokingly , "  I 'm a radical peace activist . " CNN 's Shaan Khan reported from Islamabad , and Jethro Mullen from Hong Kong . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : An activist says the group is in Pakistan to apologize for "  the killing and suffering " The protesters plan to wear pink clothes , carry banners and recite anti-drone chants The organization , Code Pink , has organized U.S. antiwar demonstrations The drone strike program in Pakistan has long been controversial
CNN  -- Twitter is giving users the bird . A cute , little , upwardly mobile bird . The social-networking company wants to be universally known by a new streamlined bird logo , replacing the scruffier bird that had symbolized Twitter since ... well , way back in 2010 . "  Starting today you 'll begin to notice a simplified Twitter bird , " Twitter said in a blog post Wednesday . "  From now on , this bird will be the universally recognizable symbol of Twitter .  Twitter is the bird , the bird is Twitter .  There 's no longer a need for text , bubbled typefaces , or a lowercase "  t " to represent Twitter . " Twitter gave no reason for the refreshed bird , which is less chubby , has fewer feathers and is angled more towards the sky than its predecessor . But jokesters in the Twittersphere , where #twitterbird was trending Wednesday , were only too happy to offer some . "  About time we get a simplified #twitterbird That last one was so not 140 characters ! " wrote MeetZoe . "  Twitter is too young to be changing its logo . Although , now the bird is soaring , " added Andrew Mager . "  The new #twitterbird is the Situation of social media icons . He 's all "  Gym , Tweet , Laundry . What , Facebook ?! Want some ?! " said Sam Killermann . Last year 's short-lived Twitter darling , the Bronx Zoo 's Cobra , offered this : "  Twitter changed its little blue bird logo ! He still looks delicious ... nice , I mean nice . " And Adam McCombs may have spoken for many users when he tweeted , "  Maybe @twitter should spend more time working on performance instead of playing with their logo . " In its post , Twitter says the new bird is "  crafted purely from three sets of overlapping circles  $ " similar to how your networks , interests and ideas connect and intersect with peers and friends . " In rather flowery rhetoric , the post goes on to say , "  Whether soaring high above the Earth to take in a broad view , or flocking with other birds to achieve a common purpose , a bird in flight is the ultimate representation of freedom , hope and limitless possibility . " The company on Wednesday was urging developers to switch to the new logo -- although the Twitter icon in Apple 's App Store was still showing the old bird .	Twitter on Wednesday updated its little blue bird logo The change prompted a flurry of jokes ... on Twitter , of course
CNN  -- Grandeur defines Istanbul : From architectural icons such as Hagia Sophia to the city 's indomitable traffic , Istanbul pulsates with intensity and splendor . Including sweet splendor . Istanbul 's passion for pastries and its history of inventing some of the world 's most delightful desserts tempts visitors and residents to skip dinner and head straight for the meal 's concluding course . Where do you go to eat like a local ? Share your photos and tips Here 's a taste of the most inventive , decadent and eccentric sweets from this culinary crossroads : Sahlep : This mild beverage is Istanbul 's answer to hot chocolate . Originating during the Ottoman Empire , sahlep 's key ingredient is crushed orchid , which is used to thicken warm milk before being sweetened with sugar and cinnamon . Common during the winter , but also available at other times , sahlep is great for warming one 's insides during a brisk walk along the Bosphorus . It can be found in many of the stands near Hagia Sophia and the Blue Mosque . If you want to sit down to enjoy it , Saray Muhallebicisi , which has locations throughout the city , prepares a particularly delicious mug . Nut pastes  marzipan  and dragees : Istanbul loves nuts . Travelers can buy crisp almonds , hazelnuts and walnuts by the pound at the Spice Bazaar , but they can also find these nuts at the center of some of Istanbul 's finest desserts . Nut pastes -- literally made from a combination of crushed nuts and sugar -- are common in Istanbul confections , from the traditional almond-based marzipan to hazelnut and pistachio varieties . These pastes are available for purchase as bite-sized ovals , as well as in longer tube shapes or molded and colored to look like fruits . Bring a big appetite to Bologna Travelers may also want to sample dragees , which are nuts covered in chocolate and a hard candy shell . Known in the United States as Jordan almonds , Istanbul confectioners often use other nuts besides the almond as a base and utilize colorful coatings , including silver or gold . With five locations across the city , including a charming one across the Bosphorus on the Asian side , the more than 200-year-old ekerci Cafer Erol sells some of the most delightful renderings of these sweets . And their nut pastes not only look like fruits but taste like them  imagine marzipan shaped as a strawberry that has a strawberry essence to it  . After purchasing some of the various sweets , be sure to enjoy a cup of Turkish coffee at one of their outside tables . Candied fruits : Made by boiling fruit in sugar syrup , candied citrus rinds are the most popular form of this product . But Turkish confectioners take the process to new heights , candying everything from cherries to olives . Candying tends to give the fruit a chewy or hard texture along with intense sweetness , so you may only want to try this delicacy in small quantities . Iconic confectioner Hafiz Mustafa , in business since 1864 , sells a particularly creative mix that can be purchased a la carte , including pumpkin , fig , tomato , orange and chestnut  the chestnuts are especially delicious  . Across the Bosphorus on the Asian side of the city , the famed foodie restaurant iya sells not only some of the most delicious savory meals in Istanbul but also a variety of candied fruits with clotted cream or tahini and walnut toppings -- make sure to sample the pumpkin . The restaurant also has homemade ice creams in exotic flavors that change on a daily basis . Lokum  Turkish delight  : Confectioner Bekir Effendi is credited with popularizing this dessert in the 18th century , when it became known as Turkish delight in English . Originally , Effendi crafted his delights , known in Turkish as lokum , with honey or molasses and flavored them with rosewater , orange or lemon . He then cut gels into small squares and covered them in powdered sugar . Turkish delight can still be purchased in rosewater , orange and lemon today as well as in other imaginative flavors including sour cherry , hazelnut , cinnamon , apricot and ginger . Purveyors also became creative with the outside covering , substituting ground coconut , nuts or cream of tartar for the original powdered sugar , and adding pistachio or almond pieces to the filling to lend the sometimes cloying dessert less intensity . The confection can be now purchased with a "  cream " base -- imagine a slightly firmer version of marshmallow fluff . Turkish delight can be found throughout the city but is particularly abundant in the Spice Bazaar , where stall owners pile high pounds of the treat and offer samples to prospective buyers . Aladdin , located in the Spice Bazaar , sells an especially fine sampling  be sure to try the pomegranate with pistachios  . For a more historic version , visit Haci Bekir , the confectionary started by Bekir Effendi . Mastica : To understand mastica , you have to go back to its roots . Its linguistic roots , that is . Mastica shares the same origin as the English word mastication , which means to chew . So it makes sense that mastica kind of tastes like mouthwash -- when you think of chewing , you think of eating , and that makes you think of the need for minty clean breath , right ? Mastica is n't so much a dessert as a flavoring that permeates a variety of Istanbul treats with a Pine-Sol-meets-spearmint-gum kind of taste . Turkish delight is flavored with it ; so are puddings and hard candies . While its taste may be acquired , it 's certainly worth sampling to experience some true local dessert flair  and for its palate cleansing properties  . Ficcin , a small restaurant in the Beyolu neighborhood near the Pera Palace hotel where Agatha Christie wrote "  Murder on the Orient Express , " sells a mastica pudding that provides a keenly concentrated burst of the flavor . Baklava : Most nations in the Middle East claim baklava as a national treat , but Turks take particular pride in the dessert , dating it back to the Ottoman Empire . Made from flaky phyllo pastry layered with pistachios and drenched in honey , millions of tourists and locals alike are addicted to the intermingling of the flaky pastry with the density of the nuts . While baklava is widely available throughout Istanbul , a baklava emporium that opened in 1949 today routinely wins awards for having the best rendering of the treat . Situated near the waterfront on the European side , Karaky Gllolu , sells tens of thousands of pieces of baklava a day to loyal customers , some of whom have frequented there for more than 50 years . The shop sells not only the traditional baklava recipe but also variations that include peanuts and walnuts , as well as one made with chocolate . After purchasing some baklava , make sure to stay awhile and eat inside at one of the tall tables  you 'll need to stand at those  or one of the regular tables outside . Either way , watch the crowds of locals treasuring the decadent treat -- men in suits on their way to work , children speaking rapid Turkish and pulling on their mothers ' sleeves as they beg for one more piece . And as you take a bite of this buttery , luscious dessert , know that its distinct combination of lightness and intensity is not just delicious . It 's also the essence of Istanbul .	Istanbul , at the crossroads of history , is also a hub for sweet confections Candied fruit , Turkish delight and candy-coated nuts are among the city 's sugary bounty Nut pastes such as marzipan are molded into colorful shapes
CNN  -- Serena Williams powered her way to the French Open title Saturday with a straight sets victory over defending champion Maria Sharapova of Russia in a compelling final . The top seed from the United States ran out a 6-4 6-4 winner in one hour 46 minutes to clinch her 16th grand slam crown . Sharapova put up a brave fight but could not prevent Williams from claiming her first French Open title since her maiden triumph in 2002 . The 26-year-old had not beaten her American opponent since 2004 and despite taking a 2-0 lead in the first set , then found Williams an irresistible force . Serving for the match , Williams took the first of two championship points , clinching it with a thunderous ace , her 10th of a gripping final . "  I was so nervous , I 'm just happy to be champion , " she told the capacity crowd on the Philippe Chatrier Court , speaking in French . "  I had a dream when I was 10 years old that I would win the title here and talk to the crowd in French , " she admitted after lifting the Suzanne Lenglen trophy for the second time . "  I played a great tournament but ran into a really tough champion today , " said the beaten Sharapova , whose victory over Sara Errani of Italy in last year 's final completed her career grand slam . Williams , who has been in superlative form on the Roland Garros clay , crushed Errani in just 46 minutes in the semifinals to serve notice of her intent ahead of the title match . But Sharapova , herself an impressive winner over Victoria Azarenka in the last four , made a fine start to break early and take the initiative . Williams , who has lost just three matches since her upset defeat to Virginie Razzano in the first round of the French Open last year , immediately hit back and led 4-3 with a second break of Sharapova 's service . World No. 2 Sharapova refused to bow and claimed Williams ' service to level at 4-4 before she was broken for a third time . Williams served it out to go a set to the good in 51 minutes and a single break of service in the second in the end proved decisive . It was her 31st straight win and with it Williams has moved to within two of Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova , who are tied fourth in the all-time list of grand slam singles titles winners . At 31 years and 247 days , she is oldest woman in the Open Era to win the French Open title , the previous mark held by Evert since 1986 . She has now won three of the last four grand slams , a run interrupted by a shock defeat to compatriot Sloane Stephens in the quarterfinals of the Australian Open earlier this year . Rafael Nadal bids for his eighth men 's title at the French Open when he plays fellow Spaniard David Ferrer in Sunday 's final and will start heavy favorite after his epic semifinal win over No. 1 Novak Djokovic .	Serena Williams wins French Open title Top seed beats defending champion Maria Sharapova in final 16th grand slam triumph for Williams She last won French Open back in 2002
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Samar Saed Abdullah 's entire body trembles as she speaks about her impending execution . She thinks of the gallows room , the noose around her neck and that moment when she will take her final breath . Samar Saed Abdullah is sentenced to die by hanging in connection with the killing of three relatives . "  My life is meaningless , " she said , choking on her tears . "  I ca n't think of anything else . The other women , we try to help each other , but we can not escape the reality that we are on death row and they can take us at any second . " The 27-year-old Iraqi woman is sentenced to die in connection with the slayings of three relatives in January 2005 . She looks pale and frail , her face sallow , her eyes bloodshot . She shakes with each sob , anxiously twisting a tissue in her hands . We first met Samar in spring 2007 , at al-Kadhimiya Women 's Prison in Baghdad . She had been on death row for about two years , and she was terrified . Watch a tearful plea from death row " "  I do n't sleep at all on Wednesdays , " she said then . "  I stay up from morning until night , because that 's the day they pick for executions . " Samar was sentenced to death by hanging for being an accessory to murder in the killings of her uncle , aunt and cousin -- slayings that she says were carried out at their home by her husband-to-be , who remains on the loose . She maintains that she is innocent , and there are disturbing questions about her conviction . Samar has now been moved a step closer to death : to Baghdad 's maximum-security prison , where there are more than 500 prisoners waiting to be executed . It 's the same facility where Saddam Hussein was hanged in December 2006 . CNN was not allowed to film her face inside the prison . During the interview , the wardens also seemed to make motions to try to stop CNN from broaching the subject of her allegation that she had only confessed under torture . The day of the killings is seared into her mind . "  I think about it every day , every hour . I wake up with it in my head , " she said . "  It 's the reason I am here . " There was a point in time when Samar was happy , when her life had meaning and joy . She had a fianc , Saif Ali Nur , in winter 2004 . "  I was so happy at the time , when he asked for my hand in marriage , " she remembered bitterly . "  I thought that he was honest , that he did not lie to me . It all happened in just two months . " At first , her family did n't approve of the romance , but they eventually relented . One day , she says , Saif duped her into taking him to her wealthy uncle 's house . He locked her in the kitchen and , she says , shot her uncle , aunt and cousin . Then , he turned the gun on her . Samar says he stole less than $ 1,000 after threatening to kill Samar and her family if she went to the authorities . The Iraqi police picked Samar up the next day , after Saif dumped her in front of her house and disappeared . "  There was nothing that made me suspect that this was a guy who would do something like this , " she said . She 's filled with regret that she fell in love with him . "  And now I am here in prison , and he is out on the streets , happy . " Her parents sold everything to pay for her defense . They swear she 's innocent . She says she was tortured by the police into confessing that she went to her uncle 's house with the intent to steal . "  They kept beating me , and they told me , ` Say whatever we want you to say , and do not say anything else , and say yes , I was an accomplice to this crime . ' Although I had nothing to do with it . Finally , they made me sign a blank piece of paper , and they filled it out afterwards . " She was tried and convicted in a single day : August 15 , 2005 . Court documents obtained by CNN read that "  the court discussed the case file with her and she said that all that she had confessed came as a result of duress and torture . " Under Iraqi law , the court should have investigated her claim that she confessed under torture . But it did not . After learning of Samar 's case from CNN , former Deputy Prime Minister Barham Salih said Tuesday he spoke with the Iraqi Presidency Council , which promised to look into the matter . He also said he had spoken separately with top Iraqi officials , including Iraqi President Jalal Talabani , and urged for a new trial . Human rights groups say Samar 's case is just one of many in which justice has failed . And they say that what makes implementing capital punishment even more disturbing is that the Iraqi judicial system does not guarantee a fair trial . Amnesty International issued a report Tuesday saying that at least 1,000 prisoners sit on Iraq 's death row and that Iraq now has one of the highest execution rates in the world . The report says Iraq 's court system does not meet international standards and that authorities "  provide very little information on executions , and some have been carried out secretly . " According to a Western official with in-depth knowledge of the Iraqi judicial system , Iraq 's judicial failures are "  rooted in the legal culture rather than the law . ... The entire legal culture remains heavily confession-based , a situation exacerbated by the frequently imperfect investigative skills of the police , judicial investigators and investigative judges . " In his years in Iraq , this official says he observed judges taking payments in exchange for certain decisions and the physical abuse of suspects , either as an end in itself or to "  encourage " confessions . "  It is my firmly held opinion that Iraq should immediately reinstate the moratorium on executions , " the official said . "  There are serious problems plaguing the administration of justice in Iraq in criminal cases , and this fact is widely acknowledged by the Iraq judges , prosecutors and defense counsel . " The U.S.-led Coalition Provisional Authority abolished capital punishment in Iraq after Saddam Hussein was toppled in 2003 . But the death penalty was reinstated in August 2004 , shortly after the government was handed back to Iraqis . Iraq 's Ministry of Justice maintains that the judicial system is "  fair and just . " Local organizations like the Organization for Women 's Freedom in Iraq have for years been fighting to get the death penalty abolished in Iraq , especially when it comes to flawed trials and women being put to death . But they struggle against a government that turns a deaf ear . "  I wish there was some kind of response . But the response is totally passive . We 've reached a degree of despair , " said Yanar Mohammed , founder of the Organization for Women 's Freedom in Iraq . "  As a human rights organization in Iraq , we find that we need some backup from abroad to put pressure on our government as a first step to stop the executions of these women , some of whom we know are innocent . " But even as doubts surface about many convictions in Iraq , there are signs that the pace of executions is picking up . Over the past two months , Mohammed 's group says , between two and four women were executed . "  They were taken out of the extreme-protection prison , " Mohammed said . "  It is a very scary story for us , because if it starts with a few women in a jail cell ... it could happen to hundreds , thousands of people later on . " As for Samar , she does n't sleep , haunted by the image of her body that could be hanging lifeless -- plagued by the gut-wrenching fear of death that consumes her nights and most of her days . "  Every night , I stay up thinking that if tomorrow comes , who will be next ? Me ? Or my friend sitting next to me ? " She sobbed . "  I will never trust a man again . I will never love anyone again . I just want to stay with my parents . " Samar feels betrayed , both by the man she once loved and by a judicial system that is about to send her to her death . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Woman sobs about impending execution : "  I ca n't think of anything else " Samar Saed Abdullah , 27 , was convicted as accessory to murder of 3 relatives She says police coerced and tortured her into confessing Ministry of Justice maintains that judicial system is "  fair and just "
Cady Stanton used to find solace in the sweet taste of ice cream . Growing up , she would sneak downstairs after her family had gone to sleep and numb her anxiety by digging into a half-gallon container . She would eat until she was sick , knowing this was something she had to do in secret . As the oldest child of a struggling Jehovah 's Witness family , Stanton shouldered a lot of responsibilities at a young age . Her mother suffered from a number of health issues , and her father worked three jobs just to put food on the table . The family 's financial struggles had a huge impact on Stanton 's diet . Nearly all Stanton 's family was overweight , as they had neither the resources nor the knowledge to prepare healthy meals regularly . They ate a lot of ground beef , spaghetti and the occasional treat of a take-and-bake pizza . They would wait in line for government-issued cheese and foodstuffs like powdered eggs and milk . "  Healthy eating requires money and time , something financially stressed families have little of , " she said . "  We ate what was quick and cheap and familiar . " Stanton knew she was overweight in the first grade when she looked down and saw her feet swelling out of her Mary Janes . But it was n't until her freshman year of high school that she made the connection between what she was eating and her body size . One day she found herself staring into the vending machine of the gym locker room . She was 5-feet-5-inches and 200 pounds . "  At that moment it finally struck me that what I ate made me overweight , " she said . "  You 'd think I would know that . I was an honors student . " Stanton changed her diet and started exercising regularly . In two years she went from 200 to 150 pounds . But there was one change she was still unable to make : sneaking food at night to comfort herself . Consuming large quantities of ice cream had a calming effect . She had no other way to cope with her anxiety , so she was unable to keep the weight off . She married in 1996 and moved to Washington . She stopped running and her weight climbed . She grew depressed when she realized the church she had joined was n't as welcoming as the one in her hometown of Portland , which was her only social outlet as a child . She stopped weighing herself when she hit 265 pounds . In 2005 , she divorced her husband and moved to Seattle to start rebuilding her life . She gave her car to a relative and started walking and biking everywhere , losing 50 pounds almost without effort . That same year , she met Ryan Laundry . She was pursuing her degree in psychology at the University of Washington at the time and weighed 215 pounds . While Laundry was interested in pursuing a romantic relationship , Stanton would n't allow herself to think that he could be in love with her . "  That 's part of being overweight , " she said . "  The last thing you want to do is humiliate yourself by assuming someone likes you romantically . " She moved to Pennsylvania to get a doctorate degree in Human Development and Family Studies , but she and Laundry reconnected when she returned to Seattle . They bonded over raising teenage boys : Stanton had adopted her son , David , in 2010 , and Laundry was taking care of his teenage brother . It was as though they had never been apart . This time Stanton was open to letting herself be loved by Laundry . "  You ca n't live on someone else 's love ; you have to be OK on your own , " she said . "  But I needed that to start taking care of myself , to start filling up those holes on my own . " Laundry told Stanton about how he had lost a lot of weight on a low-sugar diet and encouraged her to try it for herself . "  I balked . Bread had sugar . Pasta had sugar . Fruit had sugar . And , more importantly , my ice cream had sugar . " upwave : Take the cut back on sugar challenge ! But at 215 pounds , she figured it was about time she let go of her reliance on food to ease her anxiety . She eliminated pastries , fast food , ice cream and even fruit with high amounts of sugar from her diet . Instead , she started eating salmon , tofu and grapefruit , learning the difference between emotional hunger and physical hunger . "  About four to five days in , my sugar cravings dropped . After two weeks , I did n't even care if there were cookies at work . " In a little more than a year , by the time she and Laundry were married in June 2012 , Stanton had gone from 215 pounds to 157 pounds . Today she weighs 142 pounds . Stanton maintains this weight by enjoying limited amounts of foods she now considers "  treats . " For breakfast , she has a protein shake made with cranberry juice and probiotics . She also stays active by walking two miles as part of her regular commute , and running or going to the gym on weekends . Instead of sneaking ice cream at night , she now sets aside time for meditation in order to cope with stress . She does n't keep any of her old escapes in the house , not even low-sugar ice cream . "  When I was overweight , I think people judged me somehow as less competent and efficient , " she said . "  Life is easier . The guilt and shame I felt sneaking ice cream at night is gone . "	At night , Cady Stanton would eat ice cream in secret to cope with her anxiety Growing up , her family did n't eat healthy meals Stanton stopped weighing herself at 265 pounds ; she now weighs 142 pounds
New York  CNN  -- A New York judge dismissed sexual assault charges against former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn at the prosecutor 's request Tuesday . A grand jury indicted Strauss-Kahn in May over allegations he sexually assaulted hotel housekeeper Nafissatou Diallo in his New York hotel suite . But in July , prosecutors began to back off the case , asking Judge Michael Obus to release Strauss-Kahn from house arrest after information surfaced that they said called Diallo 's credibility into question . On Monday , prosecutors asked Obus to dismiss the charges entirely , while Diallo 's attorney filed a motion asking that Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance be disqualified from the case and that a special prosecutor be appointed . Obus rejected the request from Diallo 's attorneys and then , at a hearing Tuesday morning , approved the request to dismiss charges . He had stayed implementation of the order to give Diallo 's attorneys time to appeal his decision on the special prosecutor . The New York Supreme Court rejected the appeal Tuesday afternoon , according to court attorney Lauren Holmes . Diallo 's attorney , Kenneth Thompson , decried the decision . "  District Attorney Vance has abandoned an innocent woman and has denied an innocent woman a chance to get justice in a rape case , " he said . Vance , in a news release Tuesday , said prosecutors had no choice because they were "  not persuaded -- beyond a reasonable doubt -- that a crime has been committed , based on the evidence we have . " He said Diallo 's testimony "  was fatally damaged , for several key reasons . " In a statement , Strauss-Kahn -- who has always denied the charges -- thanked his attorneys and Obus for his decision . "  These past two and a half months have been a nightmare for me and my family , " he said , adding that he was "  obviously gratified that the district attorney agreed with my lawyers that this case had to be dismissed . " Later , speaking to reporters outside his house , he said , "  I am thankful for my wife , my children , my friends , and those who supported me during this period . I look forward to returning to my country , but I still have some things to do before I leave . I will explain more fully when I return . " Strauss-Kahn 's attorneys said in a statement Monday after prosecutors filed their request that it vindicated their consistent claim that their client is innocent . "  Mr. Strauss-Kahn and his family are grateful that the district attorney 's office took our concerns seriously and concluded on its own that this case can not proceed further , " attorneys William W. Taylor and Benjamin Brafman said in a statement . In a Paris news conference before the hearing , one of Diallo 's attorneys said dismissing the charges would be a travesty . "  For the district attorney to now dismiss this case or seek to dismiss this case and turn his back on this victim because of so-called credibility issues is an affront not only on Ms. Diallo but an affront on all victims and sexual victims who come forward in the future , " attorney Douglas Wigdor said . Prosecutors filed a "  recommendation for dismissal " in the case Monday , noting more questions about Diallo 's credibility . "  The nature and number of the complainant 's falsehoods leave us unable to credit her version of events beyond a reasonable doubt , whatever the truth may be about the encounter between the complainant and the defendant , " the document states . "  If we do not believe her beyond a reasonable doubt , we can not ask a jury to do so . " Prosecutors voiced concern that the case appeared to rest exclusively on the housekeeper 's account , predicting her "  falsehoods " would be "  devastating " if revealed during a trial . They claim she "  has not been truthful in matters great and small , " including lying about a "  gang rape , as well as other details about her life in  her native  Guinea . " Diallo lied about the specifics of her whereabouts after the incident and past details of an asylum application and information on tax forms , prosecutors said . She also admitted lying on the asylum application about having been a victim of a gang rape , even providing details of an attack and later admitting it never happened , according to prosecutors . In their court filing , prosecutors said that DNA testing indicated semen on her dress matched Strauss-Kahn and shows there was a sexual encounter . There was "  no trauma to her body or oral cavity " and "  scrapings from underneath her fingernails ... yielded no results . " Moreover , prosecutors claim Diallo 's current story of her "  prompt outcry to her first supervisor is inconsistent with certain aspects of that supervisor 's account . " "  All of the evidence that might be relevant to the contested issues of force and lack of consent is simply inconclusive , " wrote the prosecutors . Thompson said Strauss-Kahn 's power and prestige played a role in the outcome of the case , saying prosecutors would not "  run from DNA evidence " if Strauss-Kahn "  was a plumber . " In Paris before the hearing , Wigdor disputed almost every aspect of the prosecution 's claim , saying a medical examination following the alleged rape showed bruises on Diallo 's vagina and that she suffered a "  tear " on her shoulder and rips in her stockings . A "  mountain of physical evidence " points toward a violent sexual assault during a nine-minute period inside Strauss-Kahn 's New York hotel suite in May , Wigdor told reporters in France , where he is gathering evidence for a civil lawsuit against the French citizen and onetime contender for that nation 's presidency . Diallo quickly reported the incident to five co-workers and was visibly upset after the incident , shaken up , spitting and nearly vomiting , Wigdor said . He rejected explanations by Strauss-Kahn 's attorneys that any sexual encounter that may have occurred was consensual , questioning how he could persuade a woman he had never met before to have sex during a nine-minute encounter . "  There is no other plausible explanation " but sexual assault , Wigdor said . A crowd of protesters gathered near the courtroom in New York in support of Diallo , carrying handwritten signs reading "  No impunity 4 rapists in power " and "  Nafissatou we believe you , " among other things . In Tuesday 's news release , Vance said , "  As prosecutors , we do n't work in a world where we expect or require perfect witnesses . The tens of thousands of victims who come to our office each year come from varied and often difficult circumstances , and sometimes with imperfect pasts . If we are convinced they are truthful about the crimes committed against them , and will tell the truth at trial , we will ask a jury to consider their testimony to prove a crime . If we are not convinced , we can not , should not and do not take the case to a jury . " He asserted that "  seeking justice for sex crimes victims , and protecting immigrants , are among the highest priorities in this office , " but "  we have to judge each case by its own unique set of facts . " Attorneys for Diallo said claims that Diallo told a friend in prison that she was going to cash in on the incident were untrue and accused the district attorney 's office of treating Diallo like a criminal defendant and not an alleged victim . In their now-rejected motion to have Vance removed from the case , Diallo 's attorney cited allegations of "  abuse of confidence , unfair treatment and bias and prejudices " by Vance that they say disqualify him from the case . "  Are we telling  sexual assault victims  that if they dare to name a powerful , politically connected man as their abuser , they will see their whole life laid out to be judged publicly ? " asked New York City Councilwoman Letitia James . "  What does it take for a low-income immigrant -- a woman of color -- to publicly name one of the most powerful men in Europe as a sexual abuser ? " CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said before the hearing that Strauss-Kahn should now be able to breathe easier and "  return to some semblance of his former life . " But he said that no one involved in the case "  comes out of it looking very good . " "  This is a case that looks like it has nothing but losers -- the alleged victim , the defendant , and the prosecutor , " Toobin said . "  The conclusion is likely to be entirely satisfying to no one . "	A judge approves dismissal of sexual assault charges against Strauss-Kahn DA : Prosecutors were "  not persuaded ... that a crime has been committed " The past weeks were "  a nightmare , " Strauss-Kahn says Diallo 's lawyer says there 's a "  mountain of physical evidence " that Strauss-Kahn assaulted her
Nashville , Tennessee  CNN  -- Moses Chol hops into a van , rubs his hands together and signals the passengers to quiet down . As he leans back to address them , his face breaks into a grin , his teeth glistening in the dawn haze . "  Today , we say goodbye to the north , " he says as young men and women cheer , peeking through woolen scarves and hats . Chol is among about 70 Southern Sudan natives gathered on a cold morning in a church parking lot in Clarkston , Georgia , a metro Atlanta enclave popular with refugees . The group is heading to Nashville to vote in a referendum that could split Sudan into two : the north and the south . Several million people in Southern Sudan are voting this week in the historic referendum on whether to declare independence from a government based in the north . About 55,000 Southern Sudanese are casting ballots in the United States and seven other countries . Chol drives in a convoy of more than a dozen cars . As it snakes out of the parking lot , some passengers sing a song by former guerrilla fighters who now lead the government and army of semi-autonomous Southern Sudan . "  We will never surrender ; we will keep fighting until we get what we want , " they sing in Arabic , the national language . At the end of the song , they pump their fists in the air and chant : "  Yes to separation ! " The referendum is part of a 2005 peace agreement that helped end two decades of civil war , which left about 2 million dead . The war pitted a government dominated by Arab Muslims in northern Sudan against black Christians or animists in the south . For Chol , the referendum is more of reparation . He 's one of the so-called Lost Boys : a generation of children who fled the nation 's civil war and are now scattered across several continents . The United States resettled nearly 4,000 of them about a decade ago . The men -- now mostly in their 20s and 30s -- have spent the past decade rebuilding their lives . The war forced Chol and others to trek hundreds of miles through deserts and swamps , fending off lions and other animals , during their journeys into neighboring countries . Once there , they lived in sprawling refugee camps for years . Chol , 32 , says he has been dreaming of the referendum for years . "  It 's time for them to hear our voices , for us to revolt against all the pain we suffered , " the graduate student says . "  A lot of people have died for this day . ... I do n't care what government comes after this . No government will be worse than what we have . " His voice trails off as he pauses and stares into space . "  Passing this referendum means my father did not die in vain . It means our children will not live scarred lives . ... We will be the last ` lost boys ' Sudan will ever see . " The conflict scarred an entire generation in remote Southern Sudan , which is the size of Texas but only has 30 miles of paved roads . Through the years , hundreds of thousands of Sudanese fled the south to escape fighting and famine . About 80 percent of Sudan 's oil reserves are in the south , another flash point in the war . Although the north has flourished , the south has not changed much over the years , according to Chol . "  This north claims they want to be one nation , " he says . "  How can we be when they have schools and clean water , and their children are not dying of simple diseases ? In the south , people still drink stagnant water . They have nothing . " Passengers chime in to add to the list of grievances with the north . Some cite the north 's attempts to impose sharia , or Islamic law , on non-Muslims -- a key reason the nation erupted in civil war in 1983 . Sharia remains the law of the land in northern Sudan . "  You see my hair . It would get me in trouble in the north because of sharia law , " says Grace Ajawin , a bakery employee , as she points to her red cornrows . "  I want my children to walk out of the house without being forced to cover their hair , to wear what they want , to go to church without being forced to convert to Islam . " Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir has warned that he will tighten the application of sharia in northern Sudan if Southern Sudan votes for independence . Everyone in the vans believes that the south will split from the north . Any attempt to introduce a different scenario is brushed off as negativity . Ajawin is admonished when she says she will "  never " go back to Sudan if al-Bashir does not honor a vote to split . "  How can  al-Bashir  not honor the vote when the whole world is watching ? " Marko Ayii , 25 , shoots back . "  You need to stop your negative thinking . " Chol says he will move home if Southern Sudan is reborn as a new nation . "  When I graduate , I 'll thank the Americans for being kind to us , and go help my people , " he says . After about four hours , the convoy pulls up at the Lost Boys Center , a one-story red brick building just south of the office towers of downtown Nashville . The center is one of eight polling stations across the United States that will be open until Saturday . More than 900 Southern Sudanese are registered to vote there , poll officials say . Other centers are in Boston ; Chicago ; Dallas ; Omaha , Nebraska ; Phoenix ; Seattle and Washington . The vote is being organized by the Southern Sudan Referendum Commission . Outside the Nashville center , a crowd awaits . Some are dancing while others wave American and Southern Sudan flags . At the front of the line , Malual Machop , 42 , of Nashville waits for his chance to vote , weeping quietly . "  My crying is not for sadness ; it 's for happiness , " he says . "  I never knew I would vote for this separation in my lifetime . We have been slaves for so long . We are now being liberated . " Outside , Ngong Aguek , 42 , a musician from Southern Sudan who traveled from Orlando to vote , is busy ripping up his Sudanese passport . The crowd claps and cheers as the pages flutter into the windy , wintry air . "  This passport has enslaved me for so long , " he says . "  It has treated me like a second-class citizen , destroyed my dignity , and killed and separated my family . " The musician says he has been targeted by the northern government for criticizing it . "  But  the truth  needs to be told , regardless of whether it will set us on fire . " Aguek saunters into a waiting van and drives off , leaving shredded pieces of his passport outside the polling station . Inside , Chol casts his vote and triumphantly holds up his ink-stained finger for flashing cameras . "  Bye bye , Sharia law ; bye bye , slavery , " he says . "  Now  the north  should leave us alone , and we 'll leave them alone . We ca n't be one nation , but we 'll be good neighbors . " He makes his way out to the waiting vans . And in an unconscious defiance of the government he wants no part of , he steps over the pale green and pink passport pages scattered outside .	About 70 Southern Sudan natives travel from Atlanta to Nashville to vote in referendum Historic vote this week will determine whether Sudan will split in two : north and south About 55,000 Southern Sudanese are voting in U.S. and seven other countries
CNN  -- Most Olympic athletes will use any natural advantage to win gold and Shaun White is no exception -- the only difference is that the champion snowboarder says it 's a life-threatening heart condition as a child that has given him the edge . Born with a condition that can lead to blue baby syndrome , White had two open-heart operations before he was 12 months old , something he believes has given him the will to win . "  If you have something dramatic like that happening to you at that age it puts something in you , " says the laid-back Californian and double Olympic Champion . "  You 're fighting to survive at that young age it puts a little fight in you . It 's one of those messages of do n't give up and do n't ever let people or things or your own mind tell you what you ca n't do . " White has wasted no time since then . An undisputed giant who has transformed snowboarding from a snow dog hobby into a global sport , he got his first snowboard sponsorship at the age of seven , became a pro at 13 and picked up his first gold medal at the Turin Winter Olympic Games at the tender age of 19 . Now at 24 , and with two Olympic championships under his belt , the laid-back Californian has become his own brand . His prodigious skills , both on a snowboard and a skateboard , meant he had something of a double life growing up . Eventually competing on the slopes won out and school was exchanged for a private tutor . Despite having won everything in the sport -- he holds 16 "  X Games " medals -- his education on the slopes continues . "  It 's funny to see how far you can come within a couple of years , " he says . "  A lot of people , they ca n't stand the pressure of having to win , of having to feel like people are watching or expecting things . I love it . I like the fact that people are counting on me to do something brand new , something that 's never been done before and be the guy . I like that feeling and so I use it as a motivator , I tend to rise to the occasion . " He was certainly ahead of his time , competing against people much older than him when other children his age were just starting high school . "  It 's bizarre . Everybody was a lot older than I was by the time I went pro at 13 . I had been winning the amateur contests for like five years in a row but it was always the same run ... It 's a very different story when you show up to an event and you hope to win , you are the guy to beat , you know it 's a little different , " he says . "  I 'd win snowboard contests and I could n't get the award because it was at a bar so I 'd be sitting outside like ` Hey , I won , going to go home now and play video games ' you know . " White 's biggest achievement came winning his first gold medal at the Olympics in 2006 , but he 's been able to appreciate all the highs of his career to date . "  It 's usually the first time you won something that makes it the most special moment , like the first time I won ' X Games ' , I won two golds , " he says . "  I did n't make the Olympics when I was 15 by three tenths of a point so it was like ` Should he go ? No , not yet ' . I remember coming back and winning that when I was 19 and it was the best thing ever . " White was recently in China promoting the sport in a booming winter sports market , as well as being on call for some of his sponsors . Balancing his snowboarding and his business interests can be tough , he says . "  You can get lost in the products and doing all these things but I hold true to myself that I am a snowboarder , I always add things to that . "  That 's the way it is for me and snowboarding . I like to take my time away from it and come back feeling stronger and refreshed and able to do new things . "  And if you 've been sitting in the mountains for a month , just been sucked in and you 're not doing anything where 's your motivation ? Where 's your lust to go out there and learn something new and a trick that could possibly injure you . It 's one of those things where you need to feel that way and you need to feel excited . "	Shaun White is the most successful snowboarder Turned pro at 13 and won his first Winter Olympic gold medal at 19 Also won Olympic gold in Vancouver in 2010 , has 16 ' X Games ' medals ' I like that people are counting on me to do something brand new , ' he says
CNN  -- UPDATE : High school football coach Bud Walpole was offered his job back , effective Thursday , CNN affiliate WCBD reported . The school district superintendent invited him back Wednesday only after Walpole submitted a written commitment to focus more on diversity and sensitivity training , according to a statement . A high school football coach in Charleston , South Carolina , was fired after he permitted a post-game celebratory ritual involving a watermelon that some say is racist . After a parent reported the "  watermelon ritual " to the school board , the Charleston County School District launched an investigation and ultimately fired Academic Magnet High School coach Bud Walpole , according to CNN affiliate WCSC . "  Players would gather in a circle and smash the watermelon while others were either standing in a group or locking arms and making chanting sounds described as , ` Ooh , ooh , ooh , ' " school district Superintendent Nancy McGinley said , describing the noises as "  monkey sounds . " The watermelon was decorated with caricatures drawn with Sharpie markers , she added . Dot Scott , president of the Charleston branch of the NAACP , said the organization supported the school 's decision to fire Walpole . Scott thanked the superintendent at a Wednesday press conference "  for her swift attention to an inappropriate and racially insensitive ritual performed by the football team . " The school district has not yet responded to CNN 's request for comment . A number of parents and students , however , are standing in support of Walpole , who coached at the school for 10 years . More than 4,000 people have signed a petition to reinstate the ousted coach , as of Wednesday afternoon . Some say they do n't see the ritual as racist . "  I just do n't understand why the school district is concerned this is an issue , " Connie Biggs , the president of Academic Magnet 's Booster Club told WCSC . "  Is it because it 's a watermelon ? If it had been a pumpkin or a cantaloupe would that have been a different reaction from the district . " Harry Griffin , a junior at The Citadel , The Military College of South Carolina , said he has known Walpole for six years and considers the coach a man of integrity . Griffin played for Walpole 's high school team as a fullback and nose guard . CNN first learned of this story through an iReport Griffin uploaded . "  Coach Walpole was fired because his team had a harmless tradition that was made to seem prejudiced , " Griffin wrote in a CNN iReport . "  They had a post-game ritual of smashing a watermelon and eating it after every victory . A parent on an opposing team deemed this act as racist and the school board decided to interrogate the players . " Some parents are taking issue with how the investigation was conducted and how students were questioned about the ritual . "  The school district is not telling us what they said to these kids , " Biggs said . "  They 're giving us two questions that they say that they asked but these interviews have lasted 10-20 minutes apiece , so I 'm really unclear how two questions could take that long . " Griffin called Walpole 's firing an injustice . "  I want to help my coach get his integrity back , " Griffin said . "  You can ask anyone that has ever met Bud Walpole if he has ever said or done anything that would cause you to think he was racist . Nobody would ever say such a thing . "	High school football coach fired after controversial "  watermelon ritual " Players would smash a watermelon and make "  monkey sounds " after games Local NAACP supported the school 's decision to fire Bud Walpole Former football player Harry Griffin shared this story with CNN iReport
CNN  -- Germany announced Sunday it has agreed to lend 100 million euros  $ 144 million  to the rebels in Libya for "  civilian and humanitarian purposes " despite staying out of NATO 's bombing campaign against Libyan government forces . Germany had previously announced a loan of $ 10 million  7 million euros  for humanitarian aid to the Transitional National Council , the rebel movement that is battling to unseat longtime Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi . "  Because of Colonel Gadhafi 's war against his own people , the situation in Libya is very difficult , " German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle said in a statement announcing the loan . "  There is a major lack of funds to build infrastructure , as well as a shortage of needed goods , ranging from medical supplies to food . " Germany has not participated in the NATO-led military effort in Libya and abstained from the U.N. Security Council vote that authorized military action to protect civilians from Gadhafi 's forces . But German Chancellor Angela Merkel said in June that her country shares the hope "  that this NATO mission is successful . " Merkel also said Germany was supporting the NATO mission by providing increased resources to the U.S.-led mission in Afghanistan , freeing other nations to contribute to the Libyan campaign . Germany has recognized the rebels as the legitimate representative of the Libyan people and established a liaison office with the opposition in Benghazi in May . Berlin indicated Sunday that the loan will eventually be repaid by the Transitional National Council , using frozen assets from the Gadhafi regime . The statement indicated the reimbursement would happen "  when the U.N. Security Council unfreezes the assets for a legitimate Libyan government . " By agreeing to the loan , Germany added itself to a growing number of nations , including Turkey and Qatar , that have announced plans to hand over millions of dollars in frozen Gadhafi assets to the rebel council in Benghazi . In an interview with CNN last week , the finance minister for the internationally isolated Libyan government in Tripoli warned that the proposed reallocation of frozen funds would violate international law . "  The international monetary system can not withstand action in this manner , " said Abdulhafid Zlitni . "  If you are freezing , through United Nations Security Council action , funds for any country , then you ca n't confiscate it . There are legal obligations of the banks . " Also on Sunday , rebel forces fought to hold on to Qawalish , a key Libyan village along a major north-south route . Rebel fighter Talha Jwaili told CNN that Gadhafi forces advanced from nearby Al-Asaba using heavy machinery . The rebels called in a large rebel force from Zintan , a city 25 miles  40 kilometers  away , and "  managed to repel the Gadhafi forces after a fierce fight that lasted almost four hours , " Jwaili said . One person died in the fighting , Jwaili said -- his 16-year-old cousin , Youssef Jwaili , son of the Zintan military commander . Several others were injured , Jwaili said . State TV , meanwhile , offered a different version of events . It reported "  armed gangs and the colonialist crusader alliance " attacked a march of Libyan tribes at the entrance of Qawalish . It broadcast video of a convoy of civilian vehicles with passengers waving green government flags . It also showed video of people being treated at a hospital . In a speech last week , Gadhafi called on his supporters to march -- unarmed -- to reclaim rebel-controlled cities and towns . "  A million should march to Benghazi and liberate it from the traitors without any weapons , " the strongman said . "  Even without weapons , we can cleanse the western mountains by the march of men and women . " CNN 's Ivan Watson in Tripoli , Kareem Khadder in Tunisia and Frederik Pleitgen in Cairo contributed to this report .	NEW : Rebel forces fight to hold on to village of Qawalish Germany to lend money for "  civilian and humanitarian purposes " Statement : The money ultimately will be repaid from unfrozen assets Germany previously announced a smaller loan of $ 10 million
Washington  CNN  -- A suspected child predator who was a "  most-wanted " fugitive when captured in Nicaragua appeared in federal court on Tuesday where he confirmed his identity and was ordered held . Eric Toth , 31 , a former private school teacher and camp counselor , entered no plea to charges of possession and production of child pornography . U.S. Magistrate Judge Alan Kay said that Toth could face up to 30 years in prison if convicted of the counts that were included in a 2008 Maryland indictment . Wearing a navy rain jacket , the bearded Toth confirmed his identity but made no other comments . He was represented by a federal public defender , Michelle Peterson . A preliminary hearing was set for May 23 . He will remain in custody pending that proceeding . FBI Assistant Director Valerie Parlave said investigators looking for Toth for five years received a "  high quality " tip on April 18 and were able to take him into custody on Saturday in the small Nicaraguan community of Esteli . Parlave said Toth had been living under an alias . She credited Nicaraguan officials as well as U.S. law enforcement agencies for helping in the investigation . The investigation of Toth began in June 2008 after pornographic images were found on a school camera that had been in his possession , authorities alleged . They said they have identified at least one child victim in Maryland . Toth was placed on the FBI 's "  Ten Most Wanted " fugitives list last April . Nicaraguan authorities said Toth first entered the Central American country on October 12 , 2012 , using a false identity . The director of Nicaragua 's National Police described him as an expert at violating computer security systems . "  That allowed him to falsify American passports , a driver 's license and credit cards from three American banks , " Director General Aminta Granera said . Masked police presented a handcuffed Toth before reporters in Managua on Monday . As he was escorted away in a patrol car , Toth told reporters that "  the police have been very professional . " Journalist Samantha Lugo contributed to this report from Managua , Nicaragua .	Eric Toth is a suspected child predator who was captured in Nicaragua , officials said He is a former school teacher and camp counselor whom authorities sought for five years Toth was placed on the FBI 's "  Ten Most Wanted " fugitives list last April NEW : Suspect entered no plea to child pornography-related charges and was ordered held
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- Hurricane Ida made landfall Thursday morning over east central Nicaragua , pelting the Central American nation with heavy rain and weakening to a tropical storm . At 1 p.m. ET , Ida had maximum sustained winds of 65 mph  100 kph  with higher gusts , the National Hurricane Center said . It was earlier a Category 1 Hurricane with 75 mph winds . Flash floods and mudslides in Nicaragua and Honduras are expected . Because Ida is a slow-moving storm -- it had been nearly stationary for the past few hours , the hurricane center said -- rainfall totals could approach 30 inches in some locations . The storm is expected to weaken as it moves over Nicaragua and into Honduras , the National Hurricane Center said . Are you ready for Ida ? Share your photos , videos and stories Ida is forecast to emerge into the western Caribbean Sea on Saturday morning and then slowly move toward the north-northwest , brushing past Cancun , Mexico , on Monday afternoon . After that , forecast models offer a variety of possibilities as to which way the storm could head and how intense it could be . Ida , or remnants of the storm , could make landfall anywhere along the U.S. Gulf Coast late next week . It is too early to pinpoint a specific location . Track Ida 's projected path Coastal flooding and dangerous riptides will be possible this weekend along coastal Louisiana and Mississippi because of an area of low pressure in the western Gulf of Mexico and a strong area of high pressure over the mid-Atlantic Ocean . Ida may contribute to the abnormally high tides early next week . Ida is the Atlantic region 's ninth named storm . The Atlantic hurricane season ends November 30 . CNN meteorologist Sean Morris contributed to this report .	Ida came ashore in Nicaragua as Category 1 hurricane As much as 30 inches of rain could be expected , National Hurricane Center says Storm could hit U.S. Gulf Coast next week Track Ida 's progress with CNN 's Hurricane Tracker
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani troops have been moved to the Indian border amid fears of an Indian ground incursion , two Pakistani military officials told CNN on Friday . File image of a Pakistani soldier The troops were deployed from Pakistan 's western border with Afghanistan , where forces have been battling Taliban and al Qaeda militants in North West Frontier Province and the Federally Administered Tribal Areas . Pakistan 's armed forces have been on high alert in anticipation of a possible conflict with India following last month 's terrorist attacks in Mumbai , which killed 160 people . India believes the 10 men who carried out the attacks were trained at a terrorist camp in the Pakistani-controlled part of Kashmir . A senior official said the troops had been moved from areas where there are no active military operations , and emphasized that troop levels have not been depleted in areas where soldiers are battling militants , such as the Swat Valley and near Peshawar , capital of the North West region . In addition to the move , leave for all military personnel has been restricted and all troops were called back to active duty , the senior official said . Asked for a reaction to the development , Husain Haqqani , Pakistani ambassador to the United States , said , "  Pakistan does not seek war , but we need to be vigilant against threats of war emanating from the other side of our eastern border . " He said Pakistan 's conduct since the Mumbai attack "  has been consistent with international expectations . There is no justification for threats against Pakistan . " "  Pakistan is also a victim of terrorism and will continue to act against terrorists , " he added . "  We are a country of rule of law and need evidence to prosecute anyone for the crime of terrorism . " U.S. National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe said the United States has been "  in close contact " with India and Pakistan in probing the Mumbai attack and fighting terror . He is hoping that "  both sides will avoid taking steps that will unnecessarily raise tensions during these already tense times . " In London , England , Pakistani envoy to Britain Wajid Shamsul Hasan countered the report , noting that winter redeployments are normal and that only police and not the army had their vacation canceled . While he criticized India 's "  coercive diplomacy " and regretted India 's "  war hysteria , " he underscored the fact that the two countries do n't want to go to war . Tensions increased between nuclear rivals India and Pakistan following the November 26 attacks in Mumbai , where militants launched a coordinated strike against luxury hotels , a Jewish center and other targets . India has criticized Islamabad for not doing enough to counter terrorism , and it has accused elements within the Pakistan government and military of complicity in fueling terrorism in the region . On Thursday , Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi warned India to refrain from launching any strikes against Pakistan , according to a report in The Nation newspaper . Another unnamed Pakistani military official told CNN that the Pakistani military has been taking precautionary measures to safeguard borders in the face of mounting military threats from India over the Mumbai attacks . "  Naturally , you have to take certain steps to stem that expected tide of Indian operations , " he said , "  You ca n't fight on both fronts so we have redeployed certain military elements from the western border to the northern border to meet Indian operations . " The official said that while Pakistan has tolerated U.S. missile strikes from Afghanistan into Pakistan , he believes the government and public would not stand for an Indian incursion . In the Indian capital of New Delhi on Friday , three military chiefs briefed Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on the security situation . An Indian officer said Indian soldiers have spotted Pakistani troop movements along the Line of Control in Kashmir . The Line of Control divides the disputed region between the area controlled by India and the area administered by Pakistan . Indian defense spokesman Sitanshu Kar said India is n't carrying out a troop buildup along its western borders but "  is monitoring the situation closely . " He also said he is "  not aware " of military reports about Pakistani troop mobilization along the Indian border . "  But we are keeping a vigil , " Kar said . Since the division of the subcontinent in 1947 , India and Pakistan have fought three wars , including two over the disputed territory of Kashmir -- now wracked by an 18-year , bloody separatist campaign that authorities say has left at least 43,000 dead . There also was a limited border conflict in 1999 between the countries in Kashmir . CNN 's Sara Sidner , Mukhtar Ahmad , Nic Robertson and Harmeet Singh contributed to this report	Pakistan has moved troops to border with India amid rising tensions , officials say Pakistan forces on high alert after terror attacks last month in Mumbai Indian defense spokesman : India "  is monitoring the situation closely " The two countries have fought three wars since 1947
CNN  -- We have a tendency , when things in the news get bad , to tell ourselves that it 's never been quite this dismal before . We are tempted , when disputes become particularly acrimonious , to believe that the current bitterness is unprecedented . So it 's beneficial , once in a while , to look at our current problems in light of what has gone before . And to remember just how much the United States has endured . The newspaper USA Today reported last week that there has been a sharp increase in the unemployment rate for male veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars . The paper said that such unemployment has tripled since the recession began , having reached 15 percent last month . More than 250,000 of the male veterans were said to be unemployed last month , with another 400,000 having left the workforce for various reasons : to raise children , or attend college , or because they have just stopped trying to find work . Joe Davis , a spokesman for the Veterans of Foreign Wars , said : "  It makes you almost want to go out and rip off all the ` Support Your Troops ' bumper stickers . If you want to support your troops , give them a job . " Ca n't argue with that . After what American soldiers , sailors , airmen and Marines are asked to sacrifice , there is something melancholy about the thought of them coming home and having trouble finding a way to support their families . The nation is likely to work on a solution to this honorably and in good faith . There was a time , during parallel circumstances , when that was n't the case . It was one of the darkest moments in American history , and few people speak about it anymore . The shorthand for it was "  the Bonus Army . " In the spring and summer of 1932 , with the Great Depression gripping the country , tens of thousands of World War I veterans and their families gathered in Washington to demand what they felt they had been promised . They set up shantytowns , and vowed to stay put until their entreaties were met . The federal government had , in 1924 , issued service certificates -- redeemable for bonuses -- to the soldiers who had returned from World War I . The certificates were intended to reward the veterans for the time they had spent fighting for their country . They were like long-term bonds -- they could not be redeemed until 1945 . But something happened between 1924 and 1932 : The economy collapsed . Poverty and joblessness were everywhere . The veterans , many of them hungry and destitute , came to Washington asking Congress to allow them to collect their bonuses early . It did n't happen . The U.S. Senate voted down the bill . So there were the military veterans , amassed in the nation 's capital . Out of money , out of luck , almost out of hope , they refused to leave . The government ordered their evacuation . Many of the veterans resisted ; the police shot and killed two of them . With that , the president of the United States , Herbert Hoover , fearing that radicals had infiltrated the veterans , ordered the Army to take over the involuntary evacuation . And this country was confronted with the news that the Army was moving against the old soldiers . At the highest level of the Army assigned to the task were men who would later become extraordinarily famous . Gen. Douglas MacArthur was in command ; Maj. Dwight D. Eisenhower was the go-between with the local police force ; Maj. George Patton was in charge of the cavalry . Bayonets were drawn ; tanks and soldiers on horseback advanced into the crowds ; acrid gas was unleashed on the protesting veterans ; the makeshift camps were torn down . Even though President Hoover did n't want it to happen , MacArthur sent his troops across a bridge to the site of the veterans ' main living quarters . A fire broke out ; it was never determined with certainty who set it , but there it was : the American veterans ' cobbled-together homes in flames , as the Army drove them out . There was no television back then ; it is almost impossible to fathom what would have happened if the country had been able to see , live , the military moving relentlessly against former members of the military who were asking for the means to survive . As rugged as the economy is now -- and as difficult a time as some veterans are having as they look for work in a dismal hiring environment -- no one foresees a day when soldiers will again be ordered to roust former soldiers and their families . Later in their lives , MacArthur , Eisenhower and Patton all lamented , with varying degrees of emotion , having had to play a role in driving the Bonus Army out of Washington . Their commander in chief had decreed that it must be done , so they carried out his orders . We 've come a long way since then ; no president with an eye toward his legacy would order the Army to do such a thing , and it 's hard to believe that military officials would not , behind closed doors , try everything in their power to avoid having to use American troops that way . But as much as things have changed , certain truths have n't . We ask our soldiers , in times of war , to cross the oceans and fight in our name . When they come home -- those who do come home alive -- we tell them , in bad economic times , that the jobs for them are just not there . If our soldiers want to work , we owe it to them to make it easier for that to happen . There may never again , we should hope , be a Bonus Army camped in the streets of Washington , pleading for help . The best way to prevent such a sight is to provide the help before the despair of the unemployed veterans reaches that breaking point . You might call it our patriotic duty . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	People have a tendency to think we live in the worst of times , says Bob Greene He says we have a serious problem with unemployment among veterans Still , today 's troubles do n't equal the woes of the early 1930s , Greene says He says jobless veterans protesting in 1932 were chased out of Washington by U.S. Army
CNN  -- Lauren Bacall , who died Tuesday at the age of 89 , always said , not altogether happily , that she would be defined by her relationship with her husband , the great actor Humphrey Bogart . She was not entirely wrong . It is hard to think of Bacall without thinking of Bogart . When she first arrived on screen in 1944 in "  To Have and Have Not , " at the ripe old age of 19 , the thing that captivated audiences was not her beauty -- there were lots of pretty girls on screen -- so much as her preternatural steeliness . Here was a woman who could stand up to Bogart purring line by purring line , menacing look by menacing look , sneer by sneer , which may be why he wound up falling in love with her in real life . She was not a shrinking violet . She was a Venus flytrap . But if Bacall was unflappable , she was different from her steely predecessors , the so-called tough "  broads " of the 1930s like Bette Davis and Joan Crawford . They were victims of the Depression , victims of male dominance , victims of bad breaks , victims of life in general . Those things made them feral , which is not an adjective anyone would ever have used on the self-contained , self-possessed Bacall . They were at war with life , hoping to find some good man with whom they might be able to make a truce . Bacall did n't seem to be at war with anyone , and she certainly did n't seem to think she needed a man to fulfill her . In fact , she was pretty much unpossessable . She did things on her terms . If you think of Davis and Crawford as curs , Bacall was a cat . She arose at a time when World War II was ending and film noir was beginning , and she was the perfect noir woman . Noir was a style of film , dark and edgy , but it was also an attitude of post-war ennui and cynicism . Her memorable quotes In noir , you trusted people at your peril . Bacall embodied that attitude perfectly in films like "  The Big Sleep , " "  Dark Passage " and "  Key Largo , " all of which co-starred Bogart . There was something slippery and unknowable about her , some sort of concealment , which fit the whole noir ambiance . And it was n't coincidental that the perfect noir woman was also the perfect complement and foil for the great existential hero of the movies , Bogart . She was the great existential romantic partner . That attitude of hers seemed to arise from a personal grievance that Bacall developed growing up in New York as Betty Joan Perske , a Jew who was remade into a cinematic gentile by the anti-Semitic director Howard Hawks . As Bacall tells it in her first memoir , "  By Myself , " Hawks was a Pygmalion who discovered her and then taught her how to move , how to talk  that deep , sultry husk of a voice  and how to act . But the umbrage she felt toward Hawks in making her deny herself may have been the razor 's edge she brought to her performances . She was always forced to be in camouflage -- a hidden Jew . She even raised her children as Episcopalians , Bogart 's religion , because she feared what might happen to them as Jews . For noir , the edge certainly worked . Hollywood recalls screen legend Lauren Bacall But the persona outlasted its time . Well before Bogart died of cancer in 1957 , Bacall 's career had begun to slide , in part because noir had begun to slide , relegated to B movies . She was able to reinvent herself in romantic comedies like "  How to Marry a Millionaire , " where she turned her sultriness into a kind of brisk efficiency , a no-nonsense woman for the 1950s , that contrasted with co-star Marilyn Monroe 's flouncy availability , but the glory days were pretty much over . In retrospect , she had n't been so much a star as she was a flare . Her late great triumphs were on stage -- in "  Applause , " a musical adaptation of "  All About Eve , " and "  Woman of the Year , " a musical adaptation of the 1942 film of the same name , both of which earned her Tonys . Still , the fact that she was reprising roles originally played by Bette Davis and Katharine Hepburn respectively was a sign that Bacall 's own feline charm had not endured . In the end , she was a glamorous figure from another , darker era ... and the wife of Humphrey Bogart .	Lauren Bacall , a Hollywood icon , died on Tuesday at the age of 89 Neal Gabler : She would be defined by her marriage to the great actor Humphrey Bogart He says self-possessed Bacall was the perfect noir woman , she had the right attitude Gabler : Despite the razor 's edge she brought to screen , her persona outlasted its time
CNN  -- Move , Sony 's new motion controller for the PlayStation 3 , has been nearly everywhere in the days and weeks leading up to its official release September 19 . Gaming fans and critics alike have seen what the new device can do , how it will behave and even how it will affect their current and future gaming . But as complex and complicated as it seems , the Move had a very basic beginning . To paraphrase Walt Disney , it all began with a ball . At a demo event in Washington , the man behind the Move , Richard Marks , talked about how the motion controller came to be and where he hopes it will take gaming in the future . As the manager of research and development for Sony , Marks said that work on the Move started after they developed the EyeToy camera for the PlayStation 2 and discovered they needed a ball to help it focus . "  Early work with the EyeToy camera got it to recognize specific shapes and colors to help it with tracking , " Marks said . "  We figured out that lighting is key to tracking . " Marks and his team found that the EyeToy , which is now a part of the Move system , was able to find and follow items that were sphere - or ball-shaped . It 's not surprising , then , that the hand controllers for the Move , which started showing up in online stores this week , are topped with colored balls that have led some to compare them to ice cream cones . "  The sphere looks the same no matter what angle you hold it , " he said . "  The camera then tracks the location by the size of the sphere . Bigger sphere means closer to the screen , while smaller means further away . " The development team used foam spheres with some success until a researcher wanted to make the spheres light up . It turned out that lighting the ball helped the EyeToy track the device even better . " -LSB- The researcher -RSB- wanted the sphere to change colors to reflect different things in potential gameplay , " Marks said . "  What we found was that the camera worked better because the colored light in the ball makes it stand out from any background . " The Move and EyeToy actually examine the surroundings of a player for color pixels and then assign a completely different color to light up the sphere . The result is a smoother tracking of movement in three dimensions , something that a similar controller for another console ca n't do . Once they got the camera to track a lighted , colored sphere reliably , how could they turn that into a game device ? Marks said that for his very first rudimentary Move controller , he took a regular controller for the PS3 and put the ball on one end . "  I cut the ends off because I wanted to make something that would feel good in one hand and had buttons to help with gameplay , " he said . "  It was n't pretty . " The research-and-development team began to tweak the look and feel of the proto-Move controller , adding a gyroscope and accelerometer to assist with game movement . Marks insisted that the new device keep the buttons from the PS3 controller because he said they are needed to do specific , in-game movements . "  You want to know you are having an effect in the game . Buttons give you instant feedback instead of just waving a hand to get something done , " Marks said . "  Not only can you quickly change from item to item using buttons , the T-button -LSB- an analog button located where your fingers wrap around the device -RSB- allows you to control how much of something you want to do . It gives the players more feedback and more freedom . " Marks envisions the Move controller as a device that will allow players the opportunity to explore 3-D environments and games in ways that previously were seen in science fiction movies . He said the Move can pinpoint the position and angle of the player 's hand in a way that 's perfect for point-of-view games . Although his team had a good controller in hand , it was too expensive in the beginning . Eventually , pricing of the components , specifically the gyro and accelerometer , came down . Marks said sensor technology also got better over time . "  We could have done something early , but it would n't have been as good , " he explained . And if one Move is good , two are better . "  Two Move controllers allow for more detail , " Marks explained . "  It opens up so many more possibilities for game developers to really put players in the middle of the action . There are a lot of things you can do as long as the platform is good . " He said first-person shooter games like "  SOCOM " and individual sports games such as tennis , golf and archery will be the early success stories for the Move . But he 's not counting out any game genre because , he said , developers are testing out the Move to find out what it can and ca n't do . "  I want new ways to show up to do things we have n't even thought of , " Marks said . "  The Move is n't going away any time soon . "	The Move system grew out of the EyeToy camera for PlayStation 2 Researchers found the EyeToy tracked sphere shapes the best Using two Move controllers instead of one allows for more detail Sony 's Move controller will be officially released for sale on September 19
CNN  A Czech archeology team in Egypt has uncovered an intriguing find : the tomb of a previously unknown queen . The discovery was made in an Old Kingdom necropolis southwest of Cairo in Abusir , home to the pyramid of Pharaoh Neferefre , who ruled 4,500 years ago . The tomb was found in Neferefre 's funeral complex , and it 's believed that the queen was Neferefre 's wife . In a statement to the Agence France-Presse , Egypt 's Antiquities Minister Mamdouh el-Damaty called the queen Khentakawess III , noting that this is the "  first time we have discovered the name of this queen who had been unknown before the discovery of her tomb . " The tomb , which one official said dated back to the middle of the 5th Dynasty  2994-2345 BC  , had an inscription that indicates its owner was the "  king 's wife . " Archaeologists also found roughly 30 utensils made from limestone and copper . "  This discovery will help us shed light on certain unknown aspects of the Fifth Dynasty , which along with the Fourth Dynasty , witnessed the construction of the first pyramids , " el-Damaty told the AFP . The expedition was led by the Czech Institute of Egyptology , which is affiliated with Charles University in Prague . The team 's leader , Miroslav Barta , said in a statement that their newest find is just more proof of how ripe the Abusir site is for further research . "  This is another significant discovery in the last few years  that  have repeatedly confirmed that the Abusir necropolis provides a number of unique sources for the reconstruction of major epochs of ancient Egyptian history , " Barta said .	A team of archaeologists uncovered the tomb of a previously unknown queen The tomb is believed to belong to the wife of Pharaoh Neferefre The discovery was made in a necropolis southwest of Cairo
CNN  -- Afghan voters will go to the polls on April 5 in what could be one of the most significant presidential elections in the country 's turbulent history . The third election since the fall of the Taliban in 2001 , it marks the first democratic handover of power in the fragile country , with incumbent Hamid Karzai -- who is constitutionally bound to step down -- handing over the reins . With NATO troops scheduled to pull out of Afghanistan by the end of the year , and following the refusal of Karzai to sign a bilateral agreement -- the so-called Status of Forces Agreement -- with the U.S. to keep some troops in-country , Afghan security is in the hands of the next man to be sworn in . Karzai , once the darling of the West but long since fallen out of favor amid cries of corruption and cronyism , was widely credited with engineering the result last time out , but hopes are high that this election will yield a genuine result -- with the proviso that recent Taliban-orchestrated violence does not disrupt polling . Out of a field of eleven candidates , analysts believe there are three serious contenders , Abdullah Abdullah , Arshaf Ghani and Zalmai Rassoul . "  Ashraf Ghani and Abdullah are campaigning on the implicit message that they will bring change , " Martine van Bijlert , Co-director , Afghanistan Analysts Network  AAN  told CNN from Kabul . "  Abdullah has long tried to be a leader of the opposition . Ashraf Ghani is going on the impression of being a highly educated man , very serious . So the two of them are trying to give this impression of change . Zalmai Rassoul is presenting himself as the favored candidate of the president ... representing continuity . " If next Sunday 's poll does n't produce a clear winner , the top two backed candidates will enter a runoff . However , a back-room deal may be struck to avoid this scenario , van Bijlert says , in order to avoid dragging on an election which is likely to be contentious . CNN takes a look at the three main contenders to be Afghanistan 's next leader . Abdullah Abdullah An ophthalmologist and former Northern Alliance medic in a previous life , Abdullah was a vocal critic of the Taliban during their years in power and although he was a previous Karzai ally , serving in his government as foreign minister , he has in later years been a thorn in the side of the man who has ruled Afghanistan since the fall of the Taliban in 2001 . This urbane politician , known for his eloquence -- and his elegance -- took on Karzai in 2009 's election but dropped out after the first round in protest to what he saw as large-scale voter fraud . His campaign this time around has been wracked with violence , with three separate attacks by militants on Abdullah campaigners in the past few weeks. , according to the Afghan news agency , Khaama . "  The environment is not risk free , but when I look at the enthusiasm of the Afghan people to participate in the elections -- that is part of it is encouraging . It is highly encouraging , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour earlier this year . As with many countries , both democratic and otherwise , loyalty along ethnic lines matters a great deal in Afghanistan . Pashtuns make up more than half of the population in this multi-ethnic country , with Tajiks the second-largest group , and a number of minor Turkic and other ethnic groups . Part Tajik and part Pashtun , Abdullah is considered a relative outsider given his background . He is generally associated with his Tajik side , giving him a possible advantage in reaching out to non-Pashtun voters , but which may work against him if he is forced into a runoff and the other candidates back his Pashtun challenger . He is seen as a relatively liberal candidate and advocate of women 's engagement in public life , telling Britain 's Independent newspaper , "  If you want to see this country or any other country even being able to deal with the challenges and develop , it can not happen without the role of half the population . " He has signaled his intention to sign the Status of Forces Agreement with President Barack Obama in an effort to offer his constituents some security following NATO " s planned withdrawal at the end of 2014 . Zalmai Rassoul While Karzai has said that he will not publicly throw his weight behind any of the 11 candidates running , Rassoul is seen as the establishment candidate . A Karzai ally , he received the backing of the current president 's brother , Qayum , who withdrew his candidacy and endorsed the former foreign minister . "  He has n't been formally endorsed  by the president  but the impression has been allowed to persist , " says van Bijlert . On Wednesday another hopeful , Sardar Mohammad Nadir Naeem , also stepped down and backed Rassoul , giving him further momentum in the run-up to next week 's vote . Another doctor , the former Karzai cabinet minister has a reputation for honesty , despite his years in an administration widely plagued with accusations of graft . He has said that he will abide by the results of the April 5 poll , even if he suspects fraud , and has urged his fellow challengers to do the same . There have been doubts aired of the government 's impartiality and rival candidates have expressed fears that his connections in the presidential palace could be the invisible hand that nudges him to victory . A moderate , he has urged better relations with the war-torn country 's neighbors , and has also followed his fellow candidates ' lead by pledging to sign the joint security agreement with the U.S. His running mate , Habiba Sarabi , is one of only three female vice-presidential candidates on the ballot . Van Bijlert says that this may be a calculated move . "  When you 're putting together your ticket you try to appeal to as many people as possible , this is also an attempt to reach out to the women voters . " Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai A former academic who previously taught at Berkeley and Johns Hopkins University in the U.S. , Arshaf Ghani has emerged as a dark horse who recently polled as a potential leading candidate . A former U.S. citizen who gave up his passport to run for the Afghan presidency in 2009 , he 's known as having an impatient , fiery temper but also of being incredibly detail-oriented . Another ex-Karzai man , Ghani served as both an adviser to the current president and also as finance minister in his cabinet . He was working at the World Bank in Washington D.C. during the September 11 attacks , and used the tragedy as a springboard for his re-engagement in Afghan politics , returning to his home country just months after the event . Considered a moderate , he says he has seen positive signs while campaigning around the country . "  At  rally after rally people are responding to a message of moderation , to message of reform , to message of transformation , to peace , stability and cooperation , " he told CNN 's Anna Coren . WATCH : CNN 's Christiane Amanpour interviews Ashraf Ghani His experience in the development agency was invaluable during his time in Karzai 's government , reconstructing the country , and he hopes voters will be convinced that it will stand him in equally good stead for the top job . A shrewd operator , Ghani has enlisted the support of ex-warlord General Abdul Rashid Dostum , a native Uzbek , as his running mate . With this choice , van Bijlert says , "  he 'll appeal to the Uzbek vote . The ethnic groups are not solid block , s but the Uzbek one is probably the most solid one . It also shows us that he 's prepared to play politics , he 's not only principled , which goes both ways . For some people that 's a plus and for others it is n't . " However , his many years in the United States -- especially while his countrymen were suffering , first under the yoke of Soviet imperialism and later the strictures of the Taliban -- may impede him as he is seen as an outsider with strong ties to the U.S. , merely the latest foreign invaders of Afghan soil . Long memories As with 2009 , voters ' hopes are tinged with skepticism going into Saturday 's vote . "  People  remember  the last election , " van Bijlert says . "  They know there 's been a lot of manipulation , a lot of irregularities . They hope it will be better but most people are fairly realistic . "	Historic presidential election looms for war-torn country April 5 will see the first round of voting , with a following runoff if no candidate wins outright Out of a field of 11 , three candidates stand a realistic chance of winning Incumbent Hamid Karzai constitutionally bound to step down
CNN  -- Sarah Palin : politician and mother . iReporters weigh in on the difficulty of balancing those two roles . iReporter Christina Walker says its very challenging to balance work and caring for her 1-year-old child . Since Sen. John McCain named Alaska Go . Sarah Palin as his vice presidential pick , she has been closely scrutinized by both the public and the media . Palin has served as governor of Alaska for almost two years . She also has five children , including a 4-month-old son with Down Syndrome and a 17-year-old daughter who is 5-months pregnant . Her choice to run as the Republican vice presidential nominee has drawn both praise and criticism from the left and right alike . Now iReporters are asking : Was it the right decision ? Some feel that Palin 's choice to run shows poor judgment . "  I think she made the wrong call . It 's not her time , " said Andy Stably of Salem , New Hampshire . "  Given her personal situation and her special circumstances , it does seem more important than the nomination she 's accepting . I do n't think that should be blanket statement for all moms . But the job she 's about to interview for is the job of jobs , and it 's going to require her to sacrifice what she has at home . " Stably has children of his own , and his wife works full-time . He says this experience has helped shape his views on Palin : "  Does n't everyone , male or female , think about the impact a job offer would have on their personal life before accepting the offer ? " "  It 's not a sexist thing , " said Jeanette Lee , who is raising a 15-month-old baby of her own . "  If my family was having these sorts of issues , I would n't be putting them in the spotlight and making them go through this publicly . For her to walk away from her baby with special needs just shows her character . I feel like she should pay more attention to her whole family . " "  If her children were older , it would n't be an issue , " Lee added . Others feel Palin 's family situation would have a negative impact on her effectiveness as vice president . "  I want my president to be my president . It is a difficult , sometimes thankless , and emotionally devastating job that requires 100 percent resolve at all times , " said Carlton Madden , from West Monroe , Louisiana . "  I think she has a lot on her plate ... I have no problem with a woman being president , but I 'm going to hold her to the same standards I 'd hold a man . If -LSB- Obama -RSB- had a pregnant teen daughter and a child with special needs , I 'd have serious reservations about his ability to make a split-second decision , too . " Christina Walker , of Austin , Texas , who has a 1-year-old daughter , says her experience as a mom has led her to the same conclusion . "  I opted to change my career path so I could spend more time with my child , and I 'm trying to manage both the career and the child , " she said . "  It 's very challenging , and I 'm not in nearly the type of stressful role that she would be in . " But some think Palin 's experience as a mom would only make her a better vice president . Carolyn Jasper of Shreveport , Louisiana , says Palin 's experience as a mother makes her a better candidate because she knows what it 's like to balance life and work and can understand the lives of "  regular " Americans . "  I can tell you one thing about being a mom . You learn real quick how to work through all of life 's huge problems and bring them down to a manageable size , " said Jasper , who has three children of her own . "  I do think she 'll be more capable of understanding what the regular American people need from their government because she is a mom and a family person . " So is there a double standard at work ? Some iReporters think so . "  Why are n't we questioning how Obama can raise his kids ? " asked Shawn Strode of Orlando , Florida . "  Mind you , having a Down Syndrome child is going to be more challenging , but are we assuming the dad ca n't step in and be a parent ? We automatically assume that first ladies can be great parents and that it wo n't take away from the father being the president . I do n't think it will affect her job that much . " "  I 'm a little tired of hearing about Bristol and her pregnancy , " said Katy Brown , a freshman at Kent State University in Ohio . "  This has nothing to do with the campaign . It has nothing to do with how well Sarah Palin will lead the country . ... This just shows that they 're a normal family . " Lisa Stiles , of Richmond , Virginia , has been involved in grassroots campaigning for nuclear energy throughout her career and says Palin inspired her to consider running for office in the future . She thinks this discussion would never have come up if Palin was a man . "  Are people forgetting that she has a husband ? " Stiles asked . "  I would think people would be applauding the fact that such a reversal of traditional gender roles is possible . " And Jordan Saver of Athens , Georgia , believes there is a different kind of sexism going on in the race : "  We 're giving -LSB- Palin -RSB- credit for being a mother and a politician , but Barack Obama does n't get credit for being a father and a politician , " he said . "  It 's reverse discrimination . But if they mentioned it , it would be seen as sexist . " "  It 's the wrong conversation to be having , " added Kathryn Ova of New York City , who describes herself as a "  die-hard feminist . " "  Our overall belief system of putting work ahead of family for both men and women is kind of dominating right now . It 's coming up because she 's a woman , but putting work ahead of family is a major issue regardless of gender . "	iReporters weigh in on Sarah Palin 's roles of politician and mother Some say she ca n't be both a good mother and a good vice president Others say Palin is being held to an unfair standard as a woman iReport.com : Is there a double-standard ?
Las Vegas  CNN  -- There 's a new option for anyone who 's wanted to dabble in 3-D printing but did n't know where to start . On Monday , MakerBot founder Bre Pettis unveiled a trio of 3-D printers , including a new device for beginners , at a news conference at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas . The company has come a long way since it was founded in 2009 . An entire commercial 3-D printing industry has spring up since then , and this year , 28 exhibitors are showing off their 3-D printer-related products on the CES show floor . MakerBot , still the highest profile 3-D printer company , has one for each level of maker , from the complete novice to a serious professional . They include fun new features such as a built-in camera for monitoring progress from a mobile device and the ability to send files over WiFi . Here 's a look at the three printers : MakerBot Mini The small , adorable , one-button MakerBot Mini is aimed at the growing consumer 3-D printing market , but its $ 1,375 price point is still far above some entry level printers . The Mini is designed to be easy to use for people who have no previous 3-D printing experience . Pettis compared it to a point-and-shoot camera . There 's a tablet app for making 3-D models and buying existing models for as little as 99 cents . After deciding what they want to print , a person can send the instructions to the printer over WiFi or USB and then hit the single button on the face of the printer to start the project . A small camera in the printer streams to the mobile or desktop app so someone can monitor the status of a project while mixing a margarita in the next room . It can also upload shots of the finished products to a cloud library and share them on social networks . MakerBot Replicator The classic and popular MakerBot Replicator has been revamped again . The fifth-generation printer will sell for $ 2,899 , and it will feature speed , quality and feature updates . It can print objects 11 % larger than its predecessor . Behind the scenes are software and firmware upgrades . On the front of the printer is a new 3.5-inch LCD screen you navigate with a giant stereo knob . The device can do a quick draft print or a super high-quality version . The Replicator has gained some new communication skills . A phone , tablet or computer can send prints to the device over USB or ethernet , and soon devices will be able to communicate with the Replicator over WiFi . Like the Mini , the Replicator will work with the new mobile app when it is released in the spring . It can also send notifications about PLA plastic levels and pause a print job when the levels are low so you do n't have to start over in the middle of a model . It also has the same on-board camera that can snap shots of your final products to store in a library and to share on social sites or 3-D hub Thingverse . The device will start shipping in February . MakerBot Replicator Z18 The final and largest new MakerBot 3D printer is the Replicator Z18 . This $ 6,499 device is aimed at professionals who want to make large models and print at high volumes . The Z18 can print multiple projects at once and , like the Replicator , has the small camera for monitoring and sharing and 3.5-inch LCD display . All three new printers have a new "  Smart Extruder " piece that can be easily swapped out . Six odd and crazy technologies at CES Five trends to watch at CES	MakerBot announces three new 3-D printers at CES in Las Vegas The MakerBot Mini is a new entry-level 3-D printer that 's designed to be easy to use There 's also an updated MakerBot replicator and a new professional-level printer All the devices have a new camera for monitoring profess from a mobile app
CNN  -- Two leading Jewish watchdog groups are denouncing a prominent cartoonist 's illustration about Israel 's offensive in Gaza , saying it uses anti-Semitic imagery . The cartoon was published Wednesday in newspapers and on the Internet . The Anti-Defamation League , which has been fighting anti-Semitism since it was founded in 1913 , called the syndicated cartoon by Pulitzer Prize-winning Pat Oliphant "  hideously anti-Semitic . " The Simon Wiesenthal Center , which , among other things , fights anti-Semitism and educates people about the Holocaust , said "  the cartoon mimics the venomous anti-Semitic propaganda of the Nazi and Soviet eras . " Published Wednesday in newspapers and on the Internet , the cartoon shows the small figure of a woman , labeled Gaza , carrying a child . She is being pursued by a headless , jackbooted figure wielding a sword , marching in an apparent goose-step and pushing a fanged Jewish star on a wheel . The Anti-Defamation League said the cartoon used "  Nazi-like imagery " and a "  hateful evocation of the Star of David . " Abraham H. Foxman , the ADL 's national director , said the cartoon 's "  outlandish and offensive use of the Star of David in combination with Nazi-like imagery is hideously anti-Semitic . " "  It employs Nazi imagery by portraying Israel as a jack-booted , goose-stepping headless apparition , " Foxman said . "  The implication is of an Israeli policy without a head or a heart . Israel 's defensive military operation to protect the lives of its men , women and children who are being continuously bombarded by Hamas rocket attacks has been turned on its head to show the victims as heartless , headless aggressors . " The Wiesenthal Center , which also issued its statement Wednesday , said it urged The New York Times Web site and other Web sites to remove the cartoon . "  There is nothing about Oliphant 's cartoon not meant to denigrate and demonize the Jewish state , from the headless goose-stepping soldier to the horrific depiction of the Star of David about to devour a cowering innocent Gazan woman holding a baby , " Rabbi Marvin Hier , the group 's dean , and Rabbi Abraham Cooper , the group 's associate dean , said in a joint statement . "  The imagery in this cartoon mimics the venomous anti-Semitic propaganda of the Nazi and Soviet eras . It is cartoons like this that inspired millions of people to hate in the 1930 's and help set the stage for the Nazi genocide , " the statement said . A spokeswoman for Universal Press Syndicate , which distributes Oliphant 's work , issued a statement defending him , saying he , "  like all editorial cartoonists , uses his art to comment on important issues of the day widely reported in the worldwide media -- in this case , the conflict over Gaza . That his cartoons sometimes spark intense debate is a testament to his talent . " Universal said no media outlet had informed the syndicate that it removed the cartoon , but "  Oliphant 's clients are not contractually bound to inform us . " A New York Times spokeswoman said , "  We did not run the cartoon in the newspaper , nor do we plan to do so . " She said NYTimes.com has , by contract with uclick.com , an "  Oliphant " button on the cartoons page . "  Yesterday , those who clicked on it saw the cartoon you mentioned , which is now relegated to the Oliphant archive , " she said . Imagery and rhetoric comparing Israel to Nazis have been deployed by Israel 's persistent critics , who decry the Jewish state 's treatment of Palestinians as oppressive and brutal . Israel and its supporters defend the state as humane and say it has properly defended itself against attacks . There has been sharp criticism of Israel 's offensive against Hamas militants in Gaza who launched rockets into southern Israeli towns . Human Rights Watch said Wednesday the Israeli military 's firing of white phosphorus shells over densely populated areas during the offensive "  was indiscriminate and is evidence of war crimes , " a claim denied by Israel . Israel has said that Hamas militants situated themselves among civilians during the offensive . Oliphant , who won the Pulitzer in 1967 , has been a dominant figure in the editorial cartoon world . His work has been distributed since 1980 by Universal Press Syndicate , which calls the Australian native one of the "  sharpest , most daring practitioners " among editorial cartoonists . He has received many honors , and his cartoons have been exhibited across the world . "  In 1998 , the Library of Congress commemorated the acquisition of 60 of his works with a special exhibition at the Library 's Great Hall , " according to an Oliphant biography on the Universal Web site . This is n't the first time Oliphant 's cartoons have drawn criticism . The American Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee in 2005 "  wrote to the San Francisco Chronicle and Universal Press Syndicate to communicate concern over racist depictions of Arabs , " according to the group 's Web site , and the Asian American Journalists Association criticized offensive stereotypes in cartoons in 1999 , 2001 and 2007 . Debates over offensive editorial cartoons are not uncommon . Keith Woods , dean of faculty at the Poynter Institute , a journalism school in St. Petersburg , Florida , was asked to comment on the reaction to the cartoon , whether the cartoon was improper , and at what point in the editorial process an editor can say a product has gone too far . He said he understands the positions the Jewish groups and Israeli policy critics bring to the table . He said he believes Oliphant is saying that "  Israel is behaving toward the Palestinians the way the Nazis behaved toward the Jews " and that he is stating an opinion shared by many in the Middle East and the world . "  I believe that like the caricatures they are , editorial cartoons by their nature exaggerate their messages , so I do n't think Oliphant is suggesting a one-to-one comparison . So I get the message , instead , that Israel is acting brutally toward the Palestinians . " He also believes the ADL and the Wiesenthal Center "  are saying that the cartoon is at least doing unintentional harm  if not more calculated harm  . " "  I see their point . There are symbols -- and the Nazi extermination of the Jews is surely one of them -- that can only truly be analogized to their equals . Unadulterated evil compared with unadulterated evil . Israel 's ongoing battles with its Arab neighbors may be many things , but it is not The Final Solution . " As for the question of how news organizations should handle and discuss such a cartoon , Woods said that "  Oliphant clearly has the right to provoke or offend . The question for him is : Do you truly wish to conflate a complex , historic conflict with one of the most evil acts in history ? And for the newspapers that carry the cartoon -- and their behavior here is equally open to critique -- do you wish to perpetuate such a comparison ? "	NEW : Cartoon 's distributor defends cartoonist , cites his talent to stir debate Work by Pulitzer-winning cartoonist shows jack-booted figure , Jewish star with fangs Anti-Defamation League , Simon Wiesenthal Center say it uses anti-Semitic imagery Critics compare Israeli actions to Nazi aggression ; Israel says it must defended itself
CNN Student News  -- August 28 , 2013 Does the suspected use of chemical weapons in Syria cross a ` red line ' ? On Wednesday , we consider that question and the steps that the U.S. could take in response . We also discuss Chicago 's ` Safe Passage ' plan to get students to school safely , and we look at how a wildfire could impact San Francisco 's water supply . Plus , we mark the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington by sharing 5 Things to Know about the historic event . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What audio and video elements might you include in a news report on an event that took place 50 years ago ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects from today 's show : 1 . crime against humanity 2 . civil rights 3 . safe passage Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . If the U.S. launches a strike against Syria , what might the potential targets be ? 2 . Why were some Chicago students assigned to new schools this year ? How is the city addressing the issue of safety as students walk to school ? 3 . What was the actual name of what is now known as the March on Washington ? When did it take place ? What was the goal of the march ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What is your opinion on possible U.S. military action in Syria ? What other options might exist for dealing with a potential chemical weapons threat in Syria ? 2 . How effective do you think that Chicago 's "  Safe Passage " program will be in protecting students from violence as they go to school ? Do you have any additional ideas for ensuring safe passage for students ? Explain . 3 . Who is John Lewis ? What role did he play in the 1963 March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom ? If you could interview Congressman Lewis , what would you want to ask him ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Syria North America Chicago ; Washington , D.C. FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Washington  CNN  -- William Henderson Foote was a lawman of the highest order in his small town of Yazoo City , Mississippi , when he died in the line of duty more than a century ago . He 'd once been the town 's constable , town marshal and circuit clerk while serving in the Mississippi legislature . And on Monday , Foote was remembered and recognized as the first African-American federal office killed in the line of duty . The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives  ATF  posthumously awarded its Gold Star Medal to Foote , who served as a post-Reconstruction-era deputy collector with the U.S. Department of the Treasury , Bureau of Internal Revenue -- a predecessor agency to today 's ATF . Foote was honored 128 years after his death as part of National Police Week . Several of Foote 's descendants were in attendance and Foote 's great-grandniece , Bettye Gardner , a professor of African-American history at Coppin State University in Baltimore , Maryland , accepted the award . In December 1883 , on what would be his last Christmas Eve , Foote intervened to protect an African-American man from being lynched . In the scuffle , three white men in the lynching party were shot and killed , but Foote ended up being put in prison . Four days later , Foote was killed by a lynch mob that stormed the prison where he was held . He died December 29 , 1883 . "  They wanted him out of that job , that was a white man 's job , " said Gardner . Foote 's name is the latest to be added to ATF 's Memorial Wall . As a part of a larger effort to honor all fallen agents of law enforcement , ATF has gone back through historic annals to excavate overlooked stories of heroism like Foote 's . "  It was very important once I saw that he had slipped through the cracks of history that we make sure that we bring him and his story to life here at ATF , " said ATF historian Barbara Osteika , who discovered William Foote 's story in a New York Times article from decades ago . On the wall beside Foote 's name is the name of William L. Pappan , an agent of the then , U.S. Department of Treasury , Bureau of Internal Revenue , Alcohol Tax Unit , who died in 1935 as the first Native American federal investigator killed in the line of duty . "  It was too long , but the fact is we 're not perfect in getting all of the names up on the wall . But , it 's my passion to make sure each and every agent that served to protect our communities against violent crime -- each and every one of them that has lost their life in the line of duty -- will get on our wall , " said Osteika . Foote was born a free man in 1843 . And the period following the Civil War was a complicated one , explained the keynote speaker of Monday 's event , Sharon Malone , wife of U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder . "  The shocking thing to me , actually being a Southerner ,  was  finding out that there were free black people in the state of Mississippi at the turn of the 19th century , not the 20th , " said Malone who hails from Alabama and is her family 's historian . She added , "  We tend to know only one narrative of life in the South , and that is of slave and slave owners . But there is a very rich and varied history that we have yet to tap in to . " While Foote 's story of sacrifice has recently gained public attention , his has been a story of family lore for generations of his ancestors . "  It 's just been a wonderful legacy come to life , " said Patricia Nolcox , who is Foote 's great-granddaughter . "  And , the interesting and important thing is that it was n't new to them  the family  , they knew the story also . We had pictures , we talked about it . But , it was just our story , the family story , " she said , as she stood beside her cousin , Gardner . The process of documenting Foote 's story brought both a new perspective to the African-American experience during the period of Reconstruction , and also brought an extended family together . "  I had n't seen her since she was a toddler , " Nolcox said of Gardner as they stood side by side in ATF 's atrium . "  I 'm the oldest descendant and I 'm proud of it , " she added . "  The real legacy is to understand that black people , people of color have been involved and have been patriots in this country from its very inception , " said Malone .	The ATF honors William Henderson Foote , who was killed 128 years ago Foote was the first African-American federal officer to die in the line of duty He worked for a predecessor agency to today 's ATF He was killed by a lynch mob in Mississippi , in 1883
CNN  -- A custody hearing for singer Michael Jackson 's children scheduled for Monday has been pushed back for a second time . From left : Prince Michael Jackson II , Paris-Michael Katherine Jackson and Michael Joseph Jackson Jr. . The hearing , which was originally scheduled for July 6 , has been rescheduled for July 20 at the request of Jackson 's mother , Katherine Jackson , and Jackson 's former wife Debbie Rowe . Rowe is the biological mother of two of Jackson 's children -- 12-year-old Michael Joseph Jackson Jr. , also known as Prince Michael , and 11-year-old Paris-Michael Katherine Jackson . Jackson 's third child , Prince Michael "  Blanket " Jackson II , was carried by a surrogate mother , whose name has not yet been released . Katherine Jackson was given temporary guardianship of the children by a judge several days after her son 's death . According to Michael Jackson 's will filed in 2002 , he wanted his children to be cared for by his mother . If Katherine Jackson , 79 , is not living , Jackson said in the will , "  I nominate Diana Ross as guardian . " Ross , star of the Motown singing group the Supremes , met Jackson when he was a 9-year-old sensation . The two performed together over the years and Jackson told an interviewer in 1982 he considered Ross to be one of his true personal friends . Jackson specifically left Rowe out of his will . Rowe reportedly signed away her parental rights to the children after she and Jackson divorced in 1999 , but an appeals court re-established her parental status in 2006 . Rowe has not publicly indicated whether she will challenge Jackson for custody .	Judge pushes custody hearing back another week Katherine Jackson , the children 's paternal grandmother , has temporary guardianship Ex-wife Debbie Rowe has not indicated whether she will try to gain custody
New York  CNN  -- Police are questioning one person in a string of potential hate crimes in New York in which 12 mezuzahs were set ablaze as they hung on door frames outside Jews ' homes . According to the New York Police Department , someone set fire to 11 mezuzahs inside an apartment complex in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn on Monday , which was also Holocaust Remembrance Day . An additional one was discovered burned inside the apartment building next door a day later . "  This was a brazen act of religious desecration , and it is something that is shocking to everyone in this community , " City Councilman Stephen Levin told CNN affiliate WABC . A mezuzah is usually found attached to a door frame outside some Jews ' homes . It contains Hebrew verses from the Torah , printed on parchment , rolled up and put inside the case . At an unrelated news conference , Mayor Michael Bloomberg called the acts "  disgraceful " and said that "  ruining somebody else 's religious symbols is just wrong . " Auschwitz survivor 's social media search for long-lost twin	NYPD searches for person who set fire to 11 mezuzahs An additional one is discovered burned inside the apartment building next door "  This was a brazen act of religious desecration , " official says
CNN  -- The number of birth defects in China are on the rise and the rate has nearly doubled in the past decade in Beijing and several provinces , a state-run newspaper reported Tuesday . The increase is mainly due to improved diagnostic techniques and monitoring capability , as well as women waiting until they are older to have children , China Daily reported , citing the Beijing municipal health bureau . Environmental pollution could also be a factor , the newspaper said , quoting Caijing magazine . The rate of birth defects in Beijing last year was 170 per 10,000 births , nearly twice the rate in 1997 , when it was 90 birth defects per 10,000 births , China Daily reported , using figures from the health bureau . The most common birth defects in Beijing 's Shunyi district are congenital heart disease , excessive fingers or toes , cleft lip or palate , and neural tube defects , a regional reproductive health officer told China Daily . A rise in birth defects was also seen in the provinces of Zhejiang , Hunan , Jiangxi , and Guangdong , China Daily reported , citing Caijing magazine .	Birth defect rate nearly doubled in past decade in Beijing , state media says Increase put down to better diagnostics and monitoring Pollution and more older women having babies also seen as factors
