CNN  Rupert Murdoch threw a grenade . J.K. Rowling caught it in midair and lobbed it back . The explosion -- in the battlefield of social media -- injured the truth . Murdoch , the conservative media magnate , never afraid to ruffle liberal feathers , tweeted that Muslims "  must be held responsible " for "  their growing jihadist cancer . " Rowling , the creator of Harry Potter , deployed her rhetorical mastery . "  I was born Christian , " she tweeted back . "  If that makes Rupert Murdoch my responsibility , I 'll auto-excommunicate . " At last count , more than 20,000 people had re-tweeted her . The comedian Aziz Ansari shot back , "  Rups can we get a step by step guide ? How can my 60 year old parents in NC help destroy terrorist groups ? Plz advise . " There are few subjects as sensitive -- as easy to get wrong -- as the role of Islam and the responsibility of the world 's Muslims in the terrorist barbarism plaguing much of the world today . Murdoch is wrong . Muslims , all Muslims , are not responsible for what happened . But that 's not the end of it . Rowlings , Ansari and the tens of thousands who favorite their tweets are right in saying this is not the fault of all Muslims , nor is it exclusively up to them , all of them , to take on the battle . But the tweets leave out a fundamental part of the problem . Muslims have a crucial role to play in fighting extremist acts committed in the name of their religion and , indeed , many of them are doing it . From social media to the highest spheres of power , there are Muslims demanding reform , demanding reaffirmation of individual freedoms and rejecting violence . Ansari 's parents need not drop everything they 're doing and head for the fight against ISIS . But individuals , in this era of high connectivity , can argue for their beliefs . Ansari , for one , with a large following and gift for communicating his views , has the ability to advance the conversation away from both extremes . There are people to persuade on all sides , not just that Murdoch is wrong , but also that the ideology of the terrorists is wrong . A Pew poll of 14,244 people in 14 countries with large Muslim populations revealed a few months ago , significant minorities of Muslims believe suicide bombings are "  justified to defend Islam from its enemies . " In Bangladesh 47 % said suicide bombings are acceptable , in Gaza 62 % agreed , in Egypt 24 % did . Those are alarming numbers , a sign that murderous extremism is indeed a problem , one that Muslims should view with urgency , not least because the vast majority of suicide bombings , of terrorism of all kinds , kills Muslims . Thousands of Muslims , including Europeans , have joined the viciously violent ISIS which , by some accounts , enjoys the support of a rather large minority of French and European Muslims . That is excellent news for Europe 's extreme right-wing politicians , who have built their careers on racism and religious prejudice -- most recently against Muslims and immigrants from Muslim countries -- and have found a populist sweet spot in the carnage . After the killings at Charlie Hebdo and the subsequent siege and murder of Jewish shoppers at a Paris Kosher market , the stage is set for anti-immigrant parties to make gains in Europe . And the barbarism ranges well beyond : Hundreds of schoolgirls kidnapped in Nigeria by the Islamist terrorist group , Boko Haram , whose name applies the Islamic term "  Haram " -- what is forbidden -- to Boko , a word used to described a Western education . Even as the media was focused on Paris , Boko Haram slaughtered thousands more in Nigeria , including many children , wiping out entire villages . These attacks should bring together a coalition spanning the political spectrum , including Muslims , Christians and Jews , conservatives and liberals , the overwhelming majorities of whom favor the defense of personal freedoms . And Muslims should stand in the vanguard of that coalition , with their arms thrown across the shoulders of Jews , signifying rejection of the intolerance that has made itself at home among far too many of their coreligionists . There is a war of ideas raging in the Muslim world . The prize is the soul of modern Islam . It 's not enough to say this is not my fault . Terrorists say they fight on behalf of Muslims . Muslims can not be mere bystanders . But there is a well-meaning segment of the population , particularly among the left , that stubbornly tries to deny the religious context of the terrorist attacks and the need for it to be addressed within Muslim communities . By doing this , the left and the center push people to the right -- that is , people who agree with Murdoch 's views . This is because many voters know the denial is dishonest or blind . Those who close their eyes to the religiously-inspired motivation of the killers , and of their religion-inspired goals , are just as mistaken . Are all Muslims responsible ? Are they guilty ? No , of course not . Do they have a responsibility to help fight this growing threat ? Yes , absolutely yes . In some respects , it is reminiscent of the role of the German people in the aftermath of World War II . Today 's Germans are not guilty of what their parents and grandparents did . But they have a special role in preventing a resurgence of those odious and dangerous views . It 's not Islamophobic to acknowledge that most of the terrorism we see today is being perpetrated by people who say they want Sharia , Islamic law , that they want a Muslim caliphate , that they reject modernity in favor of life in the way of the Prophet Mohammed 's day . We have seen ISIS -- the self-styled caliphate or "  Islamic State " -- kidnapping , raping and enslaving women ; beheading hostages , Europeans and Americans -- but mostly Muslims . Islamist terrorists , organizations committed to imposing their views of what their religion commands , are killing without mercy in Syria , Iraq , Egypt , Israel , Somalia , Pakistan , India , France , Belgium , Canada , Australia and elsewhere . Only the perpetrators , their supporters and their enablers are guilty . Do n't let anyone use the tragedy to score political points or to denigrate Muslims as a whole . But do n't deny the truth : There is a dangerous problem within Islam that must be addressed by Muslims with the support of the rest of the world . Both extremes in this discussion have it wrong , and by perpetuating their distortions they harm efforts to protect tolerance from the intolerant ; to make the world safe for Muslims and non-Muslims -- for everyone , including those lobbing grenades backs and forth in social media .	Frida Ghitis : Rupert Murdoch tweet : Muslims must be accountable for jihadist ` cancer ' J.K. Rowling , Aziz Ansari tweet : Are all Christians accountable for evil done by some ? Ghitis : Both extremes wrong . All Muslims not guilty , but must play role in fighting jihadists
CNN  -- Yaya Toure 's African reign will stretch into a third year after the Manchester City midfielder was named the continent 's best footballer once again . The Ivory Coast star was crowned Footballer of the Year by the Confederation of African Football at a ceremony in Lagos , Nigeria on Thursday . Toure pipped compatriot Didier Drogba , who plays for Turkish outfit Galatasaray , and Chelsea 's Nigerian midfielder John Obi Mikel to the crown . The 30-year-old becomes only the second player to win three successive titles , emulating Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o , who now plays for Chelsea . Voted for by African national team coaches and technical directors , Toure needs only one more title to join Eto'o in an elite band of players who have won it for times . Toure , formerly of Spanish giants Barcelona , joined Manchester City in 2010 , driving them to the Premier League title in the 2011-12 season . A linchpin of their midfield , the Ivorian has 13 goals to his name already this season as City jostle for another English title , and he was included in the Premier League 's Team of 2013 . He also helped his country qualify for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil , featuring in both legs of the playoff victory over Senegal . In Spain , Real Madrid saw off Osasuna 2-0 in the first leg of their fifth round Spanish Cup tie . With Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale on show , Real took the lead in the first half thanks to a free kick from France striker Karim Benzema . Ronaldo , who is widely expected to be crowned world footballer of the year at FIFA 's Ballon d'Or ceremony in Zurich on Monday , then laid on the second goal for Jese on the hour mark .	Manchester City 's Yaya Toure is named African Footballer of the Year It is the third time in a row the Ivory Coast midfielder has landed the title Toure beat Chelsea 's John Obi Mikel and Galatasaray 's Didier Drogba to crown Real Madrid beat Osasuna 2-0 in first leg of their Spanish Cup fifth round
CNN  -- Harry Reems , the porn star best known for playing Dr. Young in the 1972 adult film classic "  Deep Throat , " died Tuesday , according to a spokeswoman at a Salt Lake City hospital . Reems , whose real name was Herbert Streicher , was 65 . Reems , who appeared in numerous pornographic films in the 1970s and '80s , was a pioneer whose battle for First Amendment rights paved the way for the adult film industry to enter the mainstream , said fellow actor Ron Jeremy . Jill Atwood , spokeswoman for George E. Wahlen VA Medical Center in Salt Lake City , would not disclose the cause of death for privacy reasons . Reems ' big break came in 1972 on the set of "  Deep Throat " when the actor cast to play the feisty Dr. Young failed to show up for filming . Reems was promoted from extra to co-star , which meant an unforgettable sex scene with leading lady Linda Lovelace . The film 's budget of $ 25,000 included just a few hundred dollars for Reems , but the notoriety of the movie -- highlighted by well-publicized legal troubles -- made him one of the top porn stars in the United States in the 1970s . Reems , who grew up in the New York 's Bronx , "  was the original , " Jeremy said . "  It was Reems and John Holmes . They were the biggest names at the time . " "  Everyone who has ever seen a porn film knows who Harry Reems is , " Hustler magazine publisher Larry Flynt told CNN through his representative . "  He was an icon from the beginning of the erotic film industry . " "  Deep Throat " went on to make hundreds of millions of dollars after criminal investigations and the prosecution of Reems for obscenity and conspiracy brought it global attention . His obscenity conviction was overturned on appeal , but the legal battle became an important First Amendment fight for some in Hollywood . The battle over "  Deep Throat " became a "  cause celebre , " said Paul Fishbein , founder of AVN  Adult Video News  . "  Because Harry Reems was famous for ` Deep Throat , ' I think people forget he was sort of the face of '70s obscenity , " said Fishbein , who is now president of X3Sixty Network , a cable network dedicated to programming about the adult industry . "  When he got indicted for that movie , it was a big deal . " Hollywood stars including Jack Nicholson and Warren Beatty supported Reems ' defense , Jeremy said . "  It made him a pioneer , " Jeremy said . Reems followed up in 1973 with "  Devil in Miss Jones , " another rare porn film remembered by many 40 years later . Reems ' Internet Movie Database page lists 139 productions in which he acted between 1970 and 1986 , when he left the industry . Although he aspired as a young man to be a mainstream actor , that goal evaded him in the wake of his porn reputation . He was initially cast to play Coach Calhoun in "  Grease , " the 1978 smash musical starring John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John , but producers ultimately replaced him with Sid Caesar . Jeremy spoke fondly of his 1980s friendship with Reems , with memories of hanging out in Bernards , a bar off New York 's Times Square that attracted both Broadway and porn actors . It was a hangout where the two men would pick up women and sometimes "  go to the bathroom to do a little smoochie . " "  We were on a bunch of sets side by side , " Jeremy said . "  We did threesomes on set a couple of time . " "  We were both Jewish boys with a big mustaches , " he said . "  We both loved doing dialogue in movies , more than just an ` uuuuhh ! ' " Reems left the adult movie business in 1987 and moved to Utah , where "  somehow he found Jesus and decided to go Mormon , " Jeremy said . "  He said he was glad to be far away from it , " Jeremey said , referring to the porn industry . Reems ' new career was real estate , which he initially sold using his birth name , Herbert Streicher . Eventually , though , he decided to use his famous name to sell real estate . "  Maybe he was n't selling enough , " Jeremy said . "  He used Harry Reems , and business was booming . " Jeremy said Reems ' death was not a shock because he had known his health was deteriorating . Reems ' friends plan a memorial on Saturday after a performance of a stage play that tells his infamous story -- "  Deep Throat Sex Scandal " -- at the Zephyr Theatre in West Hollywood , California , Jeremy said . People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived CNN 's Abbey Goodman and Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report .	NEW : Larry Flynt : "  He was an icon from the beginning of the erotic film industry " Reems was a pioneer in the fight for First Amendment rights for porn actors , Ron Jeremy says His obscenity conviction for "  Deep Throat " was overturned on appeal He "  found Jesus " and sold real estate in Utah after leaving the adult film industry
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As President Obama approaches day 100 of his administration , some in Washington caution that the torture tug-of-war could be a costly distraction . Leg restraints await detainees at Guantanamo Bay in this 2006 photo . Earlier this month , the Obama administration released four Bush-era memos detailing "  enhanced interrogations " of suspected al Qaeda members . Now , the White House is reviewing former Vice President Dick Cheney 's request to make more memos public . Two weeks before Obama released any memos , Cheney submitted a request to the National Archives calling for the release of other documents . He says that what he requested will prove that the Bush interrogation tactics -- which critics have called a torture program -- worked . "  I have n't talked about it , but I know specifically of reports that I read , that I saw , that lay out what we learned through the interrogation process and what the consequences were for the country , " Cheney said in an interview with Fox News last week . The White House is signaling that not only is it considering honoring Cheney 's request , it may go even further . "  I think the president , as you know , is a big believer in transparency , " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  I think one of the things that will have to be examined is whether there are additional memos that have to be released that give a broader picture of what 's gone on in enhanced interrogation techniques . " The almost daily revelations are dividing Democrats between those calling for full disclosure and those urging caution . "  We do n't just turn the page without reading it . We want to make sure what the mistakes were so that the Obama administration does n't make these mistakes , " Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont . said Sunday . But Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , warned Sunday against moving to quickly . "  We need to find these things out , and we need to do it in a way that 's calm and deliberative and professional , because I think all of this , on the front burner , before the public , does harm our intelligence gathering , it does harm America 's position in the world , " she said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Across the aisle , Republicans are insisting the Justice Department drop any investigation of Bush administration officials who authorized harsh interrogations . "  I think that would be a stab in the back . I think he has already demoralized the CIA , put them in a CYA mode , " Sen. Kit Bond , R-Missouri , said Sunday on Fox News . Arizona Sen. John McCain , the former Republican presidential candidate , said prosecuting those who gave legal advice is wrong . "  I do n't think those memos should have been released , but the fundamental point now is whether to prosecute people who gave the president , in my view , legitimate advice , even though it was wrong , " he said . "  We should not be prosecuting people who gave legal advice . It 's wrong to do that to them , and it sets a terrible precedent for the future . " Rep. Pete Hoekstra of Michigan , the top Republican on the House Intelligence Committee , and House Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio are calling on the White House to release a list of who was briefed about the interrogation programs . "  Congress and the American people deserve a full and complete set of facts about what information was yielded by CIA 's interrogation program , and they deserve to know which of their representatives in Congress were briefed about these techniques and the extent of those briefings , " Boehner said in a statement Monday . "  To date , the administration has fallen short in providing this information . ... The American people have been provided an incomplete picture of exactly what intelligence was made available by the interrogation program , " he said . But Connecticut Sen. Joe Lieberman , a Democrat-turned-independent , said the whole debate over the memos is "  moot . " "  What do we gain , first , by releasing the memos ; but , secondly , what do we gain from indicting lawyers for their opinions , if that is a possibility here ? ... It will poison the water here in Washington . It will achieve nothing . It will make it harder for President Obama to do some of the big things he wants to do for the country , " he said .	Former Vice President Dick Cheney wants more memos released Cheney says memos will show what was learned through interrogation process Some Democrats are calling for full disclosure ; others are urging caution GOP opposes any investigation of officials who authorized tactics
New York  CNN  -- Long Island native Louis DiLeo began his music career as a child . As an adult , he spends his days blowing the same sad song : taps . As the sole bugler for the southern region of New York 's Military Forces Honor Guard -- part of the state National Guard -- DiLeo travels five days a week from cemetery to cemetery , playing at funerals of military servicemen and women and veterans . He started three years ago and has n't missed a day since . For DiLeo , playing taps at the funerals of men and women who served the country holds significant meaning . "  It 's an honor and a privilege to help bring closure to a family and help honor the veterans who have paid a price for me to be able to enjoy the fruits of this country , " he said . "  To come out everyday and play taps and say thank you is a very small price . " Taps has been played at military funerals since some time during the Civil War , according to the U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs . It was written by Maj. Gen. Daniel Butterfield in July 1862 as a revision to the bugle call signaling "  lights out , " which Butterfield felt was too formal to note the day 's end . By 1891 , Army regulations required taps to be played at military funerals . Aware that there was a shortage of buglers because of the large number of funerals a day , DiLeo contacted the military about bugling after he attended his godfather 's funeral , where a recording of taps was played . About 1,800 veterans die each day , most of them from World War II , according to the VA. . Because the military can not provide enough buglers to play at such a large number of funerals , Congress passed a law in 2000 to allow a recorded version to be played . DiLeo said he has made it his mission to eliminate the recording -- and honor the families and service of veterans -- by playing taps at as many funerals he can attend . The most he 's ever done in one day is 26 . "  Every veteran has the right to get military honors , and taps , in my opinion , should be played live as opposed to having a recording , " DiLeo said . His passion seems to have struck a chord with veterans and other honor guard members . "  Hearing it live sends a more heartfelt symbol that we actually do care about that soldier , that we 're actually there for him , " said Spc. Orville Porter of the New York honor guard . "  With Mr. DiLeo , you hear the feeling , you hear every note . With a recording , it 's just very bland . " For a professional trumpet player like DiLeo , taps is technically an easy song to play . "  It 's sort of like asking a concert pianist to play ` Chopsticks , ' " he said . "  But at the time it needs to be played , when emotions are running high , it 's probably one of the most difficult things to play . " Very often , DiLeo hears sobs or wails from people at the funeral while he 's playing ; he 's even seen widows collapse as he 's sounded his first note . To get through it , he tries to only concentrate on the music . "  A lot of times , I have to close my eyes and just pay attention to what I 'm doing and just think of it musically , because if I get too emotionally involved in it , I could get to the point where I could n't play , " DiLeo said . DiLeo has played his bugle for more than 3,000 veterans and active duty servicemen and women and has no plans to stop . "  Doing this is a great honor , and I plan to do it for as long as I can and for as long as they 'll have me . "	Long Island bugler plays taps at as many military funerals as he can attend Shortage of buglers led Congress to permit recordings of taps to be played Leo DiLeo has played at 3,000 funerals for the New York Army National Guard
New York  CNN  -- The Federal Railroad Administration issued an emergency order Friday requiring Metro-North railroad to take "  immediate steps to ensure its train crews do not exceed speed limitations " in the wake of Sunday 's deadly derailment in New York . The order -- a routine step after a major accident -- requires the railroad to "  modify its existing signal system to ensure speed limits are obeyed and to provide two qualified railroad employees to operate trains where major speed restrictions are in place until the signal system is updated . " All seven coaches and the locomotive came off the tracks in the Sunday morning crash on Metro-North Hudson line in the Bronx . In addition to the four dead , at least 67 people were hurt . The train jumped the tracks while barreling into a curve at 82 mph , nearly three times the 30-mph limit for the curve , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . The engineer , William Rockefeller Jr. , apparently "  was nodding off and caught himself too late " before the accident , a union representative who met with the man has told CNN . Opinion : Is New York train derailment a criminal case ? Rockefeller 's lawyer , Jeffrey Chartier , characterized what happened as "  highway hypnosis . " He said his client had had a full night 's sleep before the crash , and that Rockefeller had no disciplinary record . According to NTSB representatives , results from alcohol breath tests for the train engineer were negative , and both the brake and signal systems appeared to be working . "  Safety is our highest priority , and we must do everything we can to learn from this tragic crash and help prevent future derailments , " U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said in a statement Friday . In a statement , Marjorie Anders , a spokeswoman for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority , which operates the railroad , said the agency was "  working closely with the Federal Railroad Administration to review our policies and procedures in light of Sunday 's tragic derailment . " "  We will of course comply with whatever requirements the FRA directs us to follow , " she added . "  We are examining many other possible steps we can take to improve the safety of our railroad operations , and will continue making every effort to enhance customer and employee safety . " Feds : Metro-North train accidents ` unacceptable ' The emergency order requires that Metro-North provide a list by Tuesday of main track locations where there is a reduction of more than 20 mph in the "  maximum authorized passenger train speed . " The railroad also is ordered to identify appropriate modifications to its existing "  automatic train control system or other signal systems to enable adequate advance warning of and adherence to such speed restrictions , " the FRA statement said . "  These modifications will help prevent another over-the-speed-limit event if a locomotive engineer fails to take actions to appropriately slow or stop a passenger train , " the agency said . Anders said the MTA 's vice president of operations will lead the implementation of the new guidelines . The agency will work over the weekend to meet the first of the deadlines Tuesday . Metro-North , meanwhile , must operate trains with two qualified train crew members in the controlling locomotive cab or passenger car control compartment at the locations where speed limits change by 20 mph or more until the signal work is complete . Train crash victim was ` pure goodness , ' widow says In addition , the statement said , the railroad must submit an action plan ensuring safe operations for passengers and employees by Dec. 31 , including target dates and milestones for implementing signal system modifications . Steven Ditmeyer , a former FRA official who teaches at Michigan State University , told CNN on Friday that the order are routine after major accidents . "  Having two people in the cab ? I 'd have to look at the control cab on one of these Metro-North commuter cars to see if two people can get in it , " he said . "  On the locomotive , no question . But on the inbound runs with the control cab in the lead , this is going to be a little difficult to do . " The FRA said the order is mandatory and failure to comply would result in enforcement actions . The FRA had increased its oversight of Metro-North after a May 2013 crash , including additional inspections of its lines and audits of operations and compliance with federal regulations . Metro-North train in fatal accident equipped with safety systems	Federal Railroad Administration issues emergency order after deadly Metro-North crash Railroad is ordered to take "  immediate steps " to ensure speed limits are obeyed The derailment , in which four people died and 67 were injured , involved a speeding train
CNN  -- Paul Ryan is a bold and risky pick for vice president by Mitt Romney . Forget all the talk about the risk-averse Mitt Romney and his policy-free campaign . Romney just embraced a man whose deficit reduction plans are impressively specific -- and controversial . This is what a game-changer looks like post-Sarah Palin . Unlike many of his fellow Republican congressmen , Paul Ryan has not been content to just demagogue the deficit and debt . He 's had the courage to put specific plans on paper that would actually deal with the problem . And Mitt Romney now owns those plans , for better or for worse . It may be the first time in American history when a nominee has outsourced policy to his VP candidate . Ryan 's budget plan is serious and breathtaking in its scope . It seeks to take Republican rhetoric about reducing long-term deficits and debts and put it into specific policies . Conservatives applaud the combination of vision and details in the plan , which would reset the government 's relationship with individuals on issues like Medicare , moving toward privatization . Ryan believes such changes are necessary to prevent Medicare from becoming insolvent over the long term . But for all Ryan 's deficit hawk credentials , he did not vote for the bipartisan Bowles-Simpson plan , despite serving on the commission -- a serious disappointment . Zelizer : How Ryan could help Romney Liberals find the plans ideologically odious -- and therein lies the debate we 'll be having over the next three months . It makes this election a real choice between competing philosophies of government -- and that 's a healthy debate to have during a presidential election . On the politics of this pick , Paul Ryan does n't automatically bring a state into the Romney column , like Ohio 's Rob Portman or Florida 's Marco Rubio might have . Ryan 's home state of Wisconsin has been trending safely for Obama , though the pick of the first district congressman will likely tighten that race . Moreover , Ryan is a lifelong politician , someone who embraced life on Capitol Hill at an early age . He was first elected to Congress in 1998 at the tender age of 28 , but he 'd already developed a reputation as a respected policy wonk , writing speeches for 1996 VP-nominee Jack Kemp and numerous congressmen . He has thought deeply about his political beliefs and has learned to explain them in ways that resonate with a swing district in a rust belt state . Not incidentally , this is exactly the kind of voter that Mitt Romney will need to win over to win the presidency . This ticket will invigorate the Romney campaign among the base in terms of both style and substance . The Romney-Ryan ticket represents generational change -- Paul Ryan , born in 1970 , is the first pure member of Generation X to be on a national ticket . It is also the first presidential team to not have a Protestant on the ticket -- Romney , of course , is Mormon and Ryan is Catholic . It is another small sign of how our country continues to evolve . Democrats are said to be "  salivating " over this pick because it allows them to draft sharp contrasts on politically popular programs like Medicare and Social Security . They believe that as the VP nominee , Paul Ryan makes this election a clear choice , rather than a referendum on President Obama . This is the framing of the election they have long wanted . But Romney 's surprising pick of Paul Ryan shows seriousness about governing and adds policy depth to his campaign . As a sign of the kind of president Mitt Romney might be , it is impressive and confident . And hopefully it will represent a decisive shift in this presidential election -- away from "  attack and distract " and towards seriousness and substance . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Mitt Romney 's VP selection is a gamble that changes the campaign He says Ryan has very specific deficit reduction plans that Romney will have to back Ryan 's focus on substance is a welcome change for a largely negative campaign , Avlon says
CNN  -- North Korea , with its previous technologically laggard image , may have just shocked the world with some alleged hacking savvy , but when ISIS comes to mind , so does the terrorists ' digital bent . The Islamist militants renowned for their bloodthirsty beheading videos and slick social media propaganda , may have extended their skills into low-level hacking , a cyber-security human rights group believes . The Citizen Lab obtained new malware that has targeted the ISIS opposition group "  Raqqa is being Slaughtered Silently , " or RSS , and released an analysis of it Thursday . The researchers from the University of Toronto ca n't confirm that the cyberattack is coming from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , especially since the Syrian regime led by Bashar al-Assad has also used Trojan horse software to fight activists since 2011 . But the workings of the malware , its intended target and what it achieves for the attacker lead The Citizen Lab to suspect ISIS the most . ISIS hates RSS ISIS is particularly motivated to strike RSS . The Islamist extremist militants like to depict their stronghold city of Raqqa to the world as a caliphate paradise , where life under strictest Sharia is practically Heaven on Earth . But RSS activists in the city reveal on social media Raqqa 's bleeding underbelly , the terrorizing of residents . Warnings of graphic content speckle its Twitter feed , where photos of public beheadings and stonings of residents in Syrian cities are posted in unflinching detail . RSS also reports coalition airstrike hits against ISIS and warns Raqqa residents about new strict Sharia rules the militants impose on them . But activists participating in RSS activities have another enemy . Before ISIS took over their town , they were taking the same actions against the Syrian regime . Slapdash malware The Raqqa target who passed along the malware to The Citizen Lab did not fall for its ploy , and the group was not successfully hacked , as far as The Citizen Lab researcher John Scott-Railton knows . But he fears others who may have received the target email may not have been so savvy or lucky . The malware used in the attack is simple and lean , and whoever wrote it did some things wrong -- or felt it was n't necessary to do them right . The Citizen Lab found the malware to be effective and very dangerous even without proper coding whistles and bells , because its targeting of victims is socially savvy . This is how it works . The victim receives an enticing email tailored to his anti-ISIS interests from people claiming to be expat Syrian activists living in Canada . They ask for the local activist 's help in working with mainstream media . "  We are preparing a lengthy news report on the realities of life in Raqqah , " the email reads . "  We are sharing some information with you with the hope that you will correct it in case it contains errors . " Images are attached showing areal photos with spots marked on them portraying alleged ISIS strongholds and U.S. airstrike targets And the email includes a link to a file sharing site , where the victim is encouraged to download files , which contain a slideshow of more such images . But in the download is also a malicious file , and while the victim views more photos , it installs a set of small malware files onto the target 's computer . Find them , punish them Once there , these bad files do n't do much , The Citizen Lab said . Just enough . "  The custom malware ... beacons home with the IP address of the victim 's computer and details about his or her system each time the computer restarts , " it said in its study . That 's enough for militants who know the area to determine the user 's physical location . The files do n't include a key logger -- although many forms of the software that monitors what infected users are writing are readily available on the Internet . Such RATs  Remote Access Trojans  are typical of the Syrian regime , whose hackers seems more interested in obtaining opposition activist content , the researchers Scott-Railton and Seth Hardy said . "  A RAT would have provided much greater access alongside IP information , " they said . It makes the researchers think that whoever is using the slideshow malware may be interested only in "  identifying and locating a target . " Find his Internet café or apartment ; haul him in ; punish him -- or execute him . That 's probably the idea , The Citizen Lab said . American journalist James Foley , who ISIS later beheaded , was captured coming out of an Internet café in Syria in 2012 before ISIS officially existed . Regime 's signature different This attempted hack does n't bear the signature of typical Syrian regime attackers , The Citizen Lab said . They usually employ servers to facilitate data sent back by their RATs , but this malware does n't need one . It sends an attachment with the sparse information it gathers to an email account . "  This functionality would be especially useful to an adversary unsure of whether it can maintain uninterrupted Internet connectivity , " the researchers said . Whether shoddiness or simplicity : That email is improperly encrypted , leaving the recipient 's logon credentials open to interception . One of the malware 's passwords is also visible in its code . There are other apparent bugs , and software itself is unusually artless . "  It relies on a half dozen separate executable files , each with a single task , " the researchers said . But keeping it bare bones has an advantage , the researchers said . "  The program looks less like malware , and may attract less attention from endpoint protection tools and scanners . Detections were low when the file was first submitted to VirusTotal , for example . It registered only 6/55 detections by anti-virus scanners , or a 10 % detection rate . " This malware flies under the radar . -	Target email speaks to victims who are opposed to ISIS and asks for their help It contains a link to a file sharing site , where a malicious file is hidden among photos Malware is artless , and the writer encrypted it wrong But it 's dangerous : Being bare-bones makes it hard for security software to detect
Washington  CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder said Sunday that the Justice Department was considering a federal lawsuit against Arizona 's new immigration law . "  We are considering all of our options . One possibility is filing a lawsuit , " Holder told NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " Possible grounds for the lawsuit would be whether the Arizona law could lead to civil rights violations , he said . The recently enacted Arizona law initially allowed police to ask anyone for proof of legal U.S. residency , based solely on a police officer 's suspicion that the person might be in the country illegally . Arizona lawmakers soon amended the law so that officers could check a person 's status only if the person had been stopped or arrested for another reason . Critics say the law will lead to racial profiling , while supporters say it involves no racial profiling and is needed to crack down on increasing crime involving illegal immigrants . In Arizona , the city councils of Tucson and Flagstaff have decided to challenge the new immigration law in court . Holder told ABC 's "  This Week " program that one concern about the Arizona law is that "  you 'll end up in a situation where people are racially profiled , and that could lead to a wedge drawn between certain communities and law enforcement , which leads to the problem of people in those communities not willing to interact with people in law enforcement , not willing to share information , not willing to be witnesses where law enforcement needs them . " "  I think we could potentially get on a slippery slope where people will be picked on because of how they look as opposed to what they have done , and that is , I think , something that we have to try to avoid at all costs , " Holder added . Holder said comprehensive federal immigration reform is the best approach for the problem of illegal immigrants crossing U.S. borders . His stance echoed the approach favored by President Obama , who last week criticized the Arizona law and said he wants Congress to work on the issue this year . Comprehensive immigration reform would include continuing government efforts to secure borders from illegal immigrants , as well as steps to crack down on businesses that employ them , Obama said at a Cinco de Mayo celebration at the White House . In addition , he said , those living illegally in the United States would have to pay a penalty and any taxes they owe , learn English and "  make themselves right with the law " before starting the process of gaining U.S. citizenship .	"  We are considering all our options " against Arizona law , Eric Holder says Attorney general tells NBC a lawsuit could be based on possible civil rights violations Arizona law allows police to ask anyone for proof of legal U.S. residency City councils in Flagstaff and Tucson plan to sue the state over the law
CNN  -- This is a story about a girl and her tree -- a tree that helped keep hope alive , even as the world closed in on her . Three times in Anne Frank 's widely read diary , the young Holocaust victim wrote about a tree . She could see it from the attic window of the secret annex where her family hid for two years , before being betrayed . "  From my favorite spot on the floor I look up at the blue sky and the bare chestnut tree , on whose branches little raindrops shine , appearing like silver , and at the seagulls and other birds as they glide on the wind , " she wrote on February 23 , 1944 . "  As long as this exists , and it certainly always will , I know that then there will always be comfort for every sorrow , whatever the circumstances may be . " The tree that reminded Frank of the promise of life still looms high above the courtyard behind the Anne Frank House , now a museum in Amsterdam , Netherlands , that just marked its 50th anniversary . But at about 170 years of age , Anne Frank 's tree is dying . The spring before her family and the others hiding with them were captured , the girl focused on the tree 's budding life -- and her own . "  Our chestnut tree is already quite greenish and you can even see little blooms here and there , " she wrote on April 18 , 1944 . Two days earlier , she 'd recorded her first kiss . Frank died of typhus in Bergen-Belsen just weeks before the Nazi concentration camp was liberated in 1945 . But her name , story and message live on through her diary and , also , through her ailing tree . The tree that keeps giving The tree has been sick for 10 years ; a fungus has left two-thirds of it hollow , said Anne Frank House spokeswoman Annemarie Bekker . A battle began in late 2007 between city officials who wanted to chop it down and activists who insisted it stay . But a court injunction , a second-opinion analysis and a committee mobilization later , it still stands , barely alive and supported by steel . About five years ago , the museum began collecting chestnuts from the tree to grow seedlings , so that pieces of the original tree could take root and flourish elsewhere . The tree is a horse chestnut , which is often called a buckeye tree in the United States and a conker tree in the United Kingdom . Its saplings have been distributed to international parks and schools named for Anne Frank . One will be planted later this year at Yad Vashem , Israel 's official Holocaust memorial in Jerusalem . Through a project and contest launched last year by the Anne Frank Center USA , a New York-based educational nonprofit working with the museum in Amsterdam , 11 sites in the United States will see Frank 's tree blossom . They range from the White House and various museums and memorials to a high school that changed U.S. history . A handful of winning applications were driven by youth inspired by Frank , who would be 80 if she 'd survived , and her diary . One girl in Boston , Massachusetts,12-year-old Aliyah Finkel , felt an immediate connection to the writer , so much so that she chose to have her bat mitzvah -- the coming of age ceremony for Jewish girls -- in the synagogue Frank 's family attended in Amsterdam before they went into hiding . "  It was n't just a diary written by some person , it was written by a 13-year-old girl , " Finkel said . "  I was interested in the story of her life . She had so much hope . There are some parts -LSB- of the diary -RSB- that are really sad , but it 's more inspiring . " With the help of her family , and contacts they have with local officials , Finkel 's inspired push will bring a tree to Boston Common and lessons about tolerance to the city 's public schools . Down South , a public school in Arkansas , the only in the nation to become a national historic site , will also see an Anne Frank tree bloom . Little Rock Central High School senior John Allen Riggins , 17 , heard about the contest last summer while listening to National Public Radio . His school was racially integrated in 1957 by the "  Little Rock Nine , " a development that proved a pivotal moment in the Civil Rights movement . An avid follower of history and politics , Riggins saw parallels between Anne Frank 's legacy and that of the Arkansas students . "  From all across the world , in different time periods and different social struggles , young people have been caught up in history and these social tensions have come down upon them , " Riggins said . "  Anne Frank was 14 when she was hiding , and the youngest of the nine was 14 . " For Elaine Leeder , it was in many ways her father 's youth , and by extension her own , that made her reach out for a part of the tree . The dean of social sciences at Sonoma State University in Rohnert Park , California , Leeder is the daughter of a Holocaust survivor . Her father lost his mother , sister and brother when they were taken to a pit outside their Lithuanian village and gunned down with about 2,000 other Jews . "  The shades were always drawn in my house . We were afraid of neighbors , " she said , describing the legacy she carried . "  I became a genocide scholar over the years because of my personal story . " The sapling she competed for will be nurtured in the university 's Holocaust & Genocide Memorial Grove , where genocides across time are remembered . Beside it will be a sign quoting Frank : "  How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world . " Much of what his daughter wrote came as a surprise to Otto Frank , the family 's sole survivor . He retrieved the diary and eventually published it after World War II . More than 30 million copies have been sold . In a speech he gave in 1968 , according to the Anne Frank House , he spoke of the reactions he had upon first reading his daughter 's words . "  How could I have suspected that it meant so much to Anne to see a patch of blue sky , to observe the gulls during their flight and how important the chestnut tree was to her , as I recall that she never took an interest in nature , " he said . "  But she longed for it during that time when she felt like a caged bird . " It turns out the saplings selected for sites in the United States are caged themselves . When they arrived in the country in December , the young trees were seized by the U.S. Department of Agriculture . Because of sicknesses ravaging horse chestnuts in Europe , the trees will remain in quarantine for three years . The tree Frank secretly admired through an attic window will be gone in five to 15 years , Anne Frank House officials say . But by the time it disappears , pieces of it will be growing strong , reaching for blue skies and welcoming birds across the globe -- a living legacy to a girl who understood what life could promise .	While in hiding , Holocaust victim Anne Frank wrote in her diary about a tree The tree gave her hope about life , but now it is dying outside the secret annex The tree 's meaning will live on through distributed saplings grown from its chestnuts Eleven sites in U.S. win saplings but will have to wait three years due to quarantine
Bogota , Colombia  CNN  -- Two hostages freed by a Colombian rebel group reunited with their family members in the country 's capital Friday . Speaking to reporters , one of the freed hostages called for renewed dialogue between the government and insurgents . "  Humanitarian exchange is the first step toward a friendly understanding , which permits the return of our brothers deprived of their liberty , " politician Armando Acuna said shortly after he was released by the FARC leftist guerrilla group Friday . Marine Henry Lopez Martinez was also released Friday and met family members at an airport in the country 's capital . "  This is the most beautiful moment of the liberations , the loving reuniting of the families . For this , all the effort is worth it , " former Sen. Piedad Cordoba , who helped coordinate the humanitarian mission to free them , said in a Twitter post . Acuna and Lopez are among a group of five hostages that the FARC leftist guerrilla organization pledged to release in December . Red Cross rescuers also participated in Friday 's mission . Helicopters bearing the organization 's symbol flew into the jungle Wednesday to free the first of the group : a councilman from the town of San Jose de Guaviare . Two other hostages -- a police major and a military service member -- are expected to be released Sunday . Some have suggested the hostage releases could fuel renewed dialogue between Colombia 's government and the rebels . But news of two more kidnappings by the FARC drew the ire of Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos . The president said Thursday that he was tempted to call off the rescue mission after learning that two workers from the Carton de Colombia company had been kidnapped in southwestern Colombia Wednesday night . "  We are not going to suspend the liberations , because I do not want to frustrate the excitement and hope of the families of these hostages that are going to be freed , but what I want to say is that this game , this double standard , is totally unacceptable , " he said . The FARC , or Revolutionary Armed Forces of Columbia , have been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s . Journalist Fernando Ramos contributed to this report .	The hostages released Friday are a politician and a marine They are part of a group of five hostages rebels pledged to release as a humanitarian gesture Colombia 's president accuses the FARC of a "  double standard " after two workers are kidnapped Two more hostages are scheduled to be released Sunday
CNN  -- A tangle of dresses , skirts , jeans , suits , shirts and a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles costume greeted Pamela Swidler when she opened her closet each morning . It was overwhelming and made her feel like she had nothing to wear . After submitting a photo of her overstuffed closet to Jill Martin , the closet guru helped Swidler to throw out most of her clothes . "  I 'm amazed at how little is in my closet right now , and it would have scared me two months ago , " Swidler said . "  But once you start , you 'll find yourself getting rid of stuff that in a million years you never thought you 'd get rid of . " That is exactly what Martin wants people to experience . Her new book , "  I Have Nothing to Wear ! " , co-authored with Dana Ravich , provides a 12-step program for women to clear the clutter from their closets so they can dress better . "  I feel like you should always look like you 're about to run into your ex-boyfriend , " Martin said . "  When you can avoid it , you should never be a mess . " The book 's title is a phrase every woman can relate to , standing in front of their closets when the contents resemble a mass of fabric without any discernible outfit choices . The recovery process outlined in Martin 's book , like any other 12-step program , is designed to be taken seriously . "  When you look in your closet and the morning and everything is organized in a way that fits your life , it 's just nice and easy , almost like you have a uniform , " Martin said . Martin demonstrated the process during a segment taped in Swidler 's home for NBC 's "  The Today Show . " Unlike reality shows where the fashion-impaired victim watches as while a stranger rips through their closet , Martin 's wardrobe system encourages conducting your own closet cleanse with a trusted friend who will become your sponsor . They need to be the kind of friend who will honestly tell you what looks good or bad and knows what you wear most often . The book stresses you should minimize your closet by keeping only the very best items . Start three piles of items : those you want to keep , those you will donate/throw away and a pile for maybes . Anything with too much wear , holes or stains needs to go straight into the trash . It usually takes three times to sift through the mounds of shoes , stacks of jeans and endless hangers of impulse-bought outfits before a stress-free close appears . Each time , you 'll enter your closet with a new mission . In the first round , you remove damaged items and in the second round , toss out the items that do n't suit your style . During the third round , you try on everything left in your closet to determine whether it 's a good fit . Martin and Ravich believe this process provides a confidence boost and stress relief . "  People think that fashion is this very superficial part of your life , but it really has deep psychological roots , " Martin said . "  If you do n't feel your best , it 's going to affect your mood all day . " Martin 's own sponsor is Ravich , her co-author , and the pair went through all three rounds of clearing together . Martin 's impossible-to-walk-in designer shoes had to go and the perfect white button-down blouse stayed . A Valentino dress also got the boot while a pair of amazing jeans were given a place of honor . Many impulse buys cluttering your own closet probably first appeared in a daydream scenario . "  You 'll walk into a store and see a sequin dress , " Martin said . "  You think , ` When I 'm invited by that random guy to a black tie affair , I 'll wear that dress . ' That 's how we all buy things , we envision wearing them to certain events . How many times do you buy something and that story does n't happen ? " Barbara Ellis , a style consultant who comes from a family of well-maintained closets , has helped many women with the closet cleanse . The biggest problem women have with their closets is the subtracting . Stuffing it with clothes is the easy part , but sifting out the old can feel as stressful as living with it . "  Clothing is very emotional for women , " said Ellis of TheStylishChick blog . "  The first step is detaching yourself from emotion and understanding it is just clothing . It 's got to have value , in that it does something for you . " Ellis recommends going through your closet twice a year to maintain an organized wardrobe . "  Even though they have fewer things in their closet , they feel like they have more to wear , " she said . "  Women need to be better editors . Buy something you love that fits you right and blends into your wardrobe . " Swidler feels like a new person after going through her closet cleanse . Besides an organized space for her clothing , it has changed her shopping habits . She now faces potentially deal-breaking questions before she takes anything to the cash register : How often will I wear it , do I really love this and does it fit well ? She 's also cut back on online shopping because of the uncertainty pertaining to fit , color and appearance . Martin and Ellis both believe that just because you 're cleaning out the closet does n't mean tossing out your sentimental things . Martin will never get rid of the T-shirt her father used to paint his college dorm room or her grandmother 's bracelet . Ellis will always keep the ugly sweater passed down from her great-grandmother . However , you wo n't see Martin or Ellis wearing these items outside of their homes , either . But your dye-to-match prom shoes or the ill-fitting dress you 've never worn ? Those can go to Goodwill or a consignment shop . "  Be ready to say , ` I 'm going to make my life simple and I 'm going to respect the fact that I should only have the best things that I could possibly have in my wardrobe , ' " Martin said .	Cleaning out your closet can also clean up your life Jill Martin 's new book , "  I Have Nothing to Wear ! " provides a closet cleanse program Keeping only your favorite things that fit perfectly is better than a messy , full closet
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  -- Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad , favored to win re-election and a historic sixth term in November , credits his famous facial hair for his political success . "  I 've never lost , and I 've always done it with a mustache , so I 'm going to keep it , " he told me . First elected governor in 1982 at the tender age of 36 , he went on to serve four terms , stepping down in 2000 . But he came out of retirement six years ago and rode a GOP wave back into office . If voters return him to office this fall , the 67-year-old will have served over 20 years as governor , making him the longest-serving executive in American history . One reason for Branstad 's winning streak is that he 's much more of a hardball politician than his aw-shucks Midwestern demeanor suggests . Earlier this year , Branstad , the definition of an establishment Republican , successfully deployed his political machine in an effort to reclaim the Iowa GOP from the clutches of tea party leadership . So far this year , in his race against Democrat Jack Hatch , he 's been able to weather administration scandals and accusations of corruption . One Democrat told me that for Iowa voters , Branstad is "  like an old sweater " -- just the comfortable choice . Obamadale : The secret weapon that could save Iowa Democrats ? Branstad was talking about his whiskers while giving me a private tour of the picturesque Iowa state capital for the latest episode of "  Hambycast , " showing off the knick-knacks and ceremonial gifts that decorate his hideaway office , normally off-limits to reporters . He pointed proudly to his hunting trophies , a photo with Pope John Paul II , and an Iowa Hawkeyes football jersey with "  BRANSTAD " emblazoned on the back . Upstairs in the state capitol , we examined baseballs signed by players who had jogged the bases at Field of Dreams in Dyersville . Then we were guided up to the very top of the gilded state capitol for a stunning autumn view of downtown Des Moines . As the talk turned to 2016 and the looming parade of Republican presidential contenders set to march through Iowa , Branstad brushed off criticism that the caucuses favor uncompromising social conservatives over more moderate Republicans . Hambycast : Hillary Clinton 's madcap media mob He has a point . Mitt Romney , not exactly a favorite son of the Christian right , almost won the caucuses . There 's a sizable pool of mainstream Republicans here waiting to be courted , and in a crowded presidential field , a candidate can win the state with a plurality -- and without unified support from social conservatives . "  You need to come here early and often , " Branstad said , invoking the example of Rick Santorum , who came out of nowhere to win Iowa after campaigning in the state 's 99 counties  and , it should be noted , after wearing his conservative Catholic faith on his sleeve  . Branstad would not say if he would endorse a candidate but said he 's favorable to Republican governors -- no surprise there -- a comment that should warm the hearts of Chris Christie , Rick Perry , Scott Walker and Mike Pence . Jeb Bush heading to 2016 primary state As for the  in  famous Ames Straw Poll , that media-saturated , oft-criticized and nonbinding summertime test of candidate support , Branstad backed away from previous suggestions that the fundraiser should be scrapped . I asked him if the GOP-run Straw Poll will actually happen next summer in the run-up to the caucuses . Branstad said maybe , but floated another option . "  It 's going to depend on the candidates and who is willing to participate , " he said . "  I think having a series of fundraisers regionally around the state would be a good alternative . "	Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad is vying for a historic sixth term In this year 's race , Branstad has weathered scandals and accusations of corruption Branstad would n't say if he 'd endorse a presidential candidate
New York  CNN  -- A federal judge has ordered that an official monitor be put in place to prevent discrimination in the hiring of New York City firefighters . U.S. District Judge Nicholas Garaufis said the city needs "  to comprehensively reassess its policies and practices , to analyze the evidence showing the effect of those policies and practices , and to rationally consider how they can be changed to achieve a firefighter hiring process that is -- in actual practice and effect -- fair and open to all . " The order requires the city to take remedial steps to fix discriminatory hiring practices and puts the court monitor in place for at least the next 10 years to make sure those steps are taken . Garaufis cited "  the clear evidence of disparate impact that Mayor  Michael  Bloomberg and his senior leadership chose to ignore was obvious to anyone else who looked . " "  Instead of facing hard facts and asking hard questions about the City 's abysmal track record of hiring black and Hispanic firefighters , the Bloomberg Administration dug in and fought back , " the judge said in his ruling . Mark LaVorgna , a spokesman for the mayor , said the city intends to appeal the decision . Litigation against the city 's firefighter hiring practices began in 2007 , when the U.S. Department of Justice filed a complaint alleging the Fire Department of New York 's hiring exams negatively affected black and Hispanic applicants . "  Four years of litigation and two adverse liability rulings later , the City still does n't get it , " Garaufis said . "  The City 's senior leaders have routinely denied that they are responsible or doing anything to remedy nearly forty years of discrimination . " Bloomberg strongly disagreed with the decision . "  I think it 's fair to say no previous administration has done more or been as successful in attracting the diversity to the FDNY than we have , " the mayor told reporters Wednesday , "  and I could n't feel more strongly about it . " Bloomberg said 61,000 people , more than half of them minorities , applied to the fire department in the last recruiting campaign , "  shattering any previous record for minority applicants . " Garaufis acknowledged that the city has improved its minority recruiting , but he said the subsequent hiring processes and "  discriminatory testing procedures " have kept many of these minorities from actually being hired . Paul Washington , a representative of the Vulcan Society , one of the plaintiffs in the case , praised the decision . "  We 're very pleased to see this order and it 's certainly long overdue , " Washington said . "  We 're glad to see the judge properly addressing this issue . " Details of the court-appointed monitoring , as well as logistics for a future fairness hearing in which third parties will be able to express their opinions , is scheduled for October 20 , said Darius Charney , an attorney for the plaintiffs .	Official monitor will oversee FDNY hiring practices , federal judge rules Monitoring will be in place for at least 10 years , Judge Nicholas Garaufis says Mayor Michael Bloomberg defends his record for improving minority recruiting However , Garaufis says testing and hiring procedures are discriminatory
CNN  -- Diners at Red Lobster and Olive Garden restaurants in Iowa and Nebraska caught an intestinal illness after eating salad mix that came from Mexico , according to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . The federal agency said its investigators have traced the outbreak to four "  illness clusters " of restaurants , which spokeswoman Theresa Eisenman later identified to CNN as Red Lobster and Olive Garden locations . The probe did n't find indications that any bags of salad mix with the rare type of parasite -- known as cyclospora -- were sold at U.S. grocery stores . The tainted salad mix came from Taylor Farms de Mexico , "  a processor of foodservice salads , " according to the FDA . Darden -- the parent company for Olive Garden , Red Lobster and other restaurant chains such as LongHorn Steakhouse -- described the August 2 announcement from the FDA as "  new information . " "  Nothing we have seen prior to this announcement gave us any reason to be concerned about the products we 've received from this supplier , " Darden said in a statement , in which the company insisted "  it is completely safe to eat in our restaurants . " Taylor Farms has been cooperating with U.S. officials , the FDA said , adding that tests will be conducted at the company 's processing facility in Mexico "  to try to learn the probable cause of the outbreak and identify preventive controls . " The last inspection there , in 2011 , turned no notable problems , according to the federal agency . The company 's CEO , Bruce Taylor , told CNN on Friday night that the company 's plant in Mexico produced and distributed about 48 million servings of salads to thousands of restaurants in the Midwest and eastern United States this past June . "  We have an extensive testing program in Mexico to test water sources and raw product for coliforms , E. coli , Salmonella and Listeria , " said Taylor . "  All our tests have been negative and we have no evidence of cyclospora in our product . " As of Thursday , there had been 146 cases of cyclospora inspections reported in Iowa , according to that state 's public health department . There were 82 reported cases in Nebraska . Iowa health authorities said Thursday that the prepackaged salad mix of iceberg and romaine lettuce , carrots and red cabbage was no longer in the state 's supply chain . "  Bagged salads and all other vegetables are safe to eat , " the state 's health department said . What 's happening in that state and Nebraska may be linked to 140 cyclospora cases in Texas , that state 's department of health services said Friday . As of then , authorities had not singled out a common source for the Lone Star State 's outbreak , which is largely centered in and around Dallas and Fort Worth . Despite the lack of a connection , a Dallas woman sued Darden on Friday -- soon after the FDA implicated the restaurant company -- "  for all general , special , incidental and consequential damages " tied to her July 1 visit to an Olive Garden in Addison , Texas . Suzanne Matteis contends in her lawsuit that four days after eating spaghetti with meat sauce and a salad from Olive Garden , she suffered severe intestinal issues . She says a clinic near her home took a stool sample and diagnosed her with a cyclospora infection . Matteis says she 's still not feeling completely recovered . "  I think I 'm getting better , but I still do n't have a lot of energy . I 'm pooped . I 'm worn out , " she told CNN . While he had n't been aware of the lawsuit until being alerted by CNN , Darden spokesman Mike Bernstein said that his group 's restaurants in Texas have a different supplier than its restaurants in Iowa and Nebraska . The U.S. Centers of Disease Control and Prevention has been collaborating with health officials in numerous states since late June trying to pin down what 's causing the spate of cyclospora . As of August 2 , the CDC has been notified of 425 cases in 16 states : Arkansas , Connecticut , Florida , Georgia , Iowa , Illinois , Kansas , Louisiana , Minnesota , Missouri , Nebraska , New Jersey , New York , Ohio , Texas and Wisconsin . At least 24 people have been hospitalized , the CDC says . "  It is not yet clear whether the cases from all of the states are part of the same outbreak , " the organization says . People get the disease by eating food or drinking water that 's been contaminated with feces with the parasite . The ailment -- which strike in places where cyclospora is common , like tropical or subtropical regions , but is occasionally seen in the United States as well -- causes symptoms such as diarrhea , weight loss and nausea that can last anywhere from a few days to more than a month . CNN 's Amanda Watts and Caleb Hellerman contributed to this report .	NEW : The CDC has been notified of 425 cases in 16 states There have been about 225 cyclospora cases in Iowa , Nebraska People got sick eating it at Red Lobster , Olive Garden restaurants , FDA says Taylor Farms CEO says "  all our tests have been negative "
CNN  -- Two rescued motorists were "  absolutely horrified , " after a wall of icy water trapped them and several others in suburban Washington on Tuesday morning . Motorists climb into a rescue basket lowered by a helicopter . A woman trapped in a black SUV scrawled her husband 's phone number on a piece of paper and flashed it to rescuers and reporters in the hopes that one of them would contact her husband . Sarah Lee , a reporter with CNN affiliate WJLA-TV , called to assure the woman 's husband that "  several highly skilled swift water rescue personnel " were working to save his wife . The woman and another passenger in the car were placed in a rescue boat , but were "  absolutely horrified , gripping onto the railings in the boat for their safety , " said Lee . A massive water main break in Cabin John , Maryland , near the communities of Potomac and Bethesda , unleashed the flood during rush-hour Tuesday morning . The water main , 66 inches in diameter , unleashed the wall of water just before 8 a.m. that , at its height , was four feet high and 60 to 70 feet wide , Montgomery County police said . "  I knew that the cars were unstable just by the amount of water that was rushing by , " said Jim MacKay , a Maryland State Police civilian helicopter pilot who flew to the scene from Andrews Air Force Base . MacKay , maneuvered his helicopter around tree limbs and power lines to hoist people to safety . The water 's temperature made the situation even more dire , according to MacKay . Temperatures in the area dropped to nearly 18 degrees . "  The water had gotten into the car , so these people were at risk of hypothermia , " he said . "  They were soaking wet . " Emergency crews rescued nine people , including one child , spokesman Pete Piringer of the Montgomery County Fire Department told CNN . Several others escaped on their own . Everyone was rescued by about 11 a.m. Of the five people hurt , none had life-threatening injuries , but several endured harrowing moments of uncertainty . "  Water was going over my car , and I was actually scared that water will draw us away somewhere because it was very strong water , " Maria Stosse told CNN affiliate WJLA . "  All of a sudden just a gush of water came along with boulders and parts of trees , " a woman told reporters . "  I tried to turn to get out of it -LSB- but -RSB- I could n't . My car just got blocked in . " Dramatic rescues by firefighters and emergency crews were broadcast nationwide on live television . Watch the daring rescues " A helicopter crew maneuvered a dangling metal basket to the passenger door of one vehicle where a child and one more person climbed in and were whisked to safety . The Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission was working Tuesday afternoon to isolate the break . A commission source told CNN that the valve at the source of the break was under water . As a result , workers were trying to turn off the water at a different point in the line . Once the water is turned off , crews will need another four hours to repressurize the county 's water system , the commission said .	NEW : "  A gush of water came along with boulders and parts of trees , " woman says Rescue crews work to free people trapped in cars by water main break Helicopter used to pluck several people from car Road in suburban Washington floods after 60-inch pipe breaks
CNN  Let 's call this NFL game balls for dummies . Oh , do n't take offense . Up until a few days ago , when the Deflategate "  scandal " broke , we were all dummies when it came to the esoterica of NFL ball rules . Hell , let 's be honest ; we were imbeciles . Now , we 're learning all sorts of fancy things about the league 's regulations and how teams and referees handle footballs before and during a game . For instance , did you know the ball must be a "  prolate spheroid " ? And did you know that before today , the term "  prolate spheroid " had appeared on CNN.com only four times in its history ? Perhaps that 's for the better . Anyway , you 've got questions , and as so often is the case , we have answers . Let 's get pumped up !  Sorry , it 's tough for writers to resist a play on words , no matter how terrible . What on Earth is going on ? The NFL is investigating the New England Patriots to determine why 11 of the 12 game balls they provided for Sunday 's AFC Championship game were under-inflated by about 2 pounds per square inch each . The Pats supplied their own balls ? Is n't that letting the fox watch the hen house ? Wellllllll , for lack of a more elaborate answer ... yes ? According to NFL regulations , each team provides a dozen balls to the referee for testing two hours and 15 minutes before kickoff . The home team also supplies 12 backup balls , and for outdoor games , the visiting team has the option of bringing another 12 balls . In addition , the ball manufacturer -- in this case , Wilson  cue "  Cast Away " jokes  -- ships eight more balls , in what the NFL scientifically terms "  a special box , " directly to the referee . The box is opened two hours and 15 minutes before the game , and the referee marks each ball with a "  K , " to designate it for kicking . ESPN writer Kate Fagan pointed out the curiosity of the regulation in an appearance on "  Around the Horn " on Wednesday . When Fagan played college basketball , she said , the referees brought out NCAA-supplied balls an hour before the game . Those balls were used for warmups and the game , and they were not to leave the court , she said . If the NCAA has such a rule for women 's basketball games , she posited , how can the ludicrously profitable NFL not provide its own game balls ? A fine question . Who 's in charge of making sure balls are up to snuff ? "  The Referee shall be the sole judge as to whether all balls offered for play comply with these specifications . A pump is to be furnished by the home club , and the balls shall remain under the supervision of the Referee until they are delivered to the ball attendant just prior to the start of the game , " NFL rules state . The ball attendant transports the footballs to the field , and ball boys keep them on the sideline , ESPN reports . Ball boys are usually vetted by teams and paid by the NFL and can be sons or daughters of team employees , the network reports . So it was the ball boy ! Yes , with a candlestick in the conservatory . That 's a joke . If the NFL had pinpointed a culprit , CNN would n't need to devote writers to deciphering the league 's game-ball rules . What other rules pertain to a game ball ? As mentioned , it has to be a prolate spheroid , which in layman 's terms means "  shaped like a football , " and it has to be signed by Commissioner Roger Goodell -- as opposed to , say , Kate Upton or "  Weird " Al Yankovic . It should have between 12.5 and 13.5 pounds of air per square inch and weigh 14 to 15 ounces . It should have a long axis of 11 to 11.25 inches , a long circumference of 28 to 28.5 inches and a short circumference of 21 to 21.25 inches . And , perhaps most importantly , it needs to be constructed of a urethane bladder encased in pebble-grained leather of "  natural tan color . " So , no purple footballs . Why would someone deflate the balls ? It supposedly makes them easier to grip for the quarterback and receivers . That would 've been especially important in the wet conditions in which the AFC Championship was played . Is it always an advantage ? Eh , unclear . Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers allegedly once told commentator and former quarterback Phil Simms that he could get a better grip on an over-inflated ball . How was the issue even raised ? In the second half of Sunday 's game , Indianapolis Colts linebacker D'Qwell Jackson intercepted Patriots quarterback Tom Brady . According to Newsday , he took the ball to his team 's equipment staff , which then informed head coach Chuck Pagano , who told general manager Ryan Grigson , who told NFL director of football operations Mike Kensil , who told the officials on the field . This should remind you of that kindergarten game where you sat in a circle whispering things in your classmates ' ears to demonstrate how messages are lost as they 're conveyed from one person to the next . Thus , it 's entirely possible Jackson told the equipment staff he wanted to go for pizza after the game , and by the time it got to the officials we had Deflategate . What about the wing official and umpire who spot the ball before each play ? Would n't they have noticed ? Hmm , you would think so . Has this ever happened before ? There are lots of tales of ball manipulation surfacing in the wake of Deflategate , but one particular story stands out . In 2012 , the University of Southern California , which kind of has this thing for cheating , was accused of under-inflating balls used in a game against the Oregon Ducks . The school was reprimanded and fined , and a student-manager was axed when he conceded that he had under-inflated the balls after the officials had approved them . The unnamed student said he did it all by his lonesome , and no other USC coach , staff member or administrator had any knowledge of his shenanigans . Could weather have played a role ? There have been numerous reports that cold weather can diminish ball pressure , which would normally be pertinent for the Boston area ... except that it was 51 degrees in Foxborough , Massachusetts , at kickoff . Is it possible Patriots coach Bill Belichick knew ? Outside of Massachusetts , the general public puts Belichick somewhere on par with Whitey Bulger , so you 'll find no shortage of people who say , "  Oh , most definitely , " especially after Spygate . The coach says , however , "  In my entire coaching career , I have never talked to any player  or  staff member about football air pressure . " What about Brady ? Asked about it Monday on a Boston radio show , the three-time Super Bowl winner responded , "  I do n't even respond to stuff like this . " He also responded by calling the accusation "  ridiculous . " On Thursday , he told reporters he did n't alter the balls and assured them , "  I 've always played by the rules . " At least one football icon has his doubts that Gisele Bundchen 's lesser half was not complicit . In one of the most damning non-accusations in history , Hall of Fame coach John Madden told The Sports Xchange he believed Belichick was clueless about the ball pressure , but "  I can see -- and you hate to make examples of what you can see because that sounds like you are accusing someone -- but I can see that being between the quarterback and the equipment guy . " He also said , "  That 's something that would n't be driven by a coach or just the equipment guy . Nobody , not even the head coach , would do anything to the football unilaterally , such as adjust the amount of pressure in a ball , without the quarterback not knowing . It would have to be the quarterback 's idea . " What to make of that ? No idea , but they did name the greatest video game the world has ever known after the dude . Has the rest of the team spoken up ? Several Patriots have called the controversy "  stupid " and accused the media of fueling the controversy .  For what it 's worth , this writer is willing to bet his pinkies no journalist is responsible for deflating the balls . Do the Pats forfeit the win if they 're found guilty ? Ridiculously unlikely  sorry , Indianapolis  , but they could be fined and docked a draft pick . After Spygate , the league took away a Patriots ' first-round draft pick , fined the team $ 250,000 and fined Belichik $ 500,000 , but do n't expect anything that serious in Deflategate . Could the ball pressure really have played that large a factor ? Similarly unlikely . The Pats won 45-7 , and 28 of their points came in the second half -- after the game officials had pumped the balls back up to their regulation pressure . You make the call . Then why is this such a big deal ? See earlier remark regarding Belichick and Bulger . Also , there 's this game coming up two Sundays from now called the Super Bowl ...	NFL investigating whether New England Patriot under-inflated 11 footballs Under-inflating balls makes them easier to grip , unless you 're Aaron Rodgers John Madden not-so-subtly implies quarterback Tom Brady was in on it
CNN  -- One of three inmates who escaped from an Indiana maximum-security prison was captured Monday about eight miles away in southwestern Michigan , officials said . From left , Lance Battreal , Mark Booher and Charles Smith escaped from an Indiana prison Sunday . Charles Smith , 48 , who was serving time on a murder charge , was captured in Grand Beach , Michigan , near the vacation home of Richard Daley , the mayor of Chicago , Illinois . Daley said he was inside with his wife and three grandchildren at the time of the capture . Smith and another of the escapees were spotted walking near the house at 5:30 a.m. by a Chicago police officer assigned to Daley 's security detail , the mayor said . "  I think they were lost , and they happened to pass in the vicinity , " Daley said . Though Smith was captured and handed over to the Grand Beach Police Department , the other man escaped into the woods , where police have been searching , Daley said . Police urged residents to be on alert . "  I have residents in this area calling their neighbors and telling everybody , stay inside , keep their children inside and watch the news for updates , " Dan Schroeder of the Grand Beach Police Department told CNN affiliate WLS on Monday . Smith escaped from the prison in Michigan City on Sunday with convicted murderer Mark Booher , 46 , and convicted rapist Lance Battreal , 45 , said John Schrader , a public information officer with the Indiana Department of Corrections . "  It appears they escaped by traveling in tunnels under the prison grounds , " Schrader said Sunday . "  This is a very unusual occurrence . " Smith was sentenced in 1999 to a 95-year sentence for murder . Battreal was sentenced in 1998 to 50 years for rape , criminal confinement and stalking . Booher was sentenced in 1999 to 65 years for murder and robbery . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : Escapee found near Chicago mayor 's Michigan vacation home Charles Smith was captured Monday 8 miles from prison Two murderers and rapist apparently broke out of prison Sunday , officials say Escape via tunnels under prison was "  very unusual occurrence , " official says
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Six members of one of Mexico 's most active drug gangs , including someone accused of being the organization 's bookkeeper , were arrested this week , federal authorities said Wednesday . Federal policemen stand at a checkpoint in the state of Michoacan last week . The arrests were the most recent in a string of high-level apprehensions targeting La Familia Michoacana ; the cartel operates in its namesake state of Michoacan in southwest Mexico . Armando Quintero Guerra , who federal police said was in charge of the cartel 's expenses , was among six people arrested Tuesday , said Ramon Eduardo Pequeno , head of the anti-drug unit of the public security ministry . Also arrested was Lourdes Medina Hernandez , who is in a relationship with La Familia 's top boss , Servando Gomez , Pequeno said at a news conference . The string of arrests followed the killing of 12 off-duty federal police officers whose bodies were found with signs of torture off a remote highway on July 14 . Hit men for La Familia Michoacana linked to the killings were arrested last week , authorities said . Authorities more than tripled the number of federal police officers patrolling Michoacan in response to the killings . The killings were among a series of reprisals by La Familia after federal police captured one of the group 's top leaders , authorities said . An unprecedented wave of violence has washed over Mexico since President Felipe Calderon declared war on the drug cartels shortly after coming into office in 2006 . More than 10,000 people have died in that time span , about 1,000 of them police . CNN en Español 's Rey Rodriguez contributed to this report .	Arrests part of a string of high-level apprehensions targeting Mexican drug cartel La Familia Michoacana suspected in slayings of 12 federal police officers this month Man accused of being group 's bookkeeper arrested Tuesday , authorities say
CNN  -- It may lie in Szepasszonyvolgy -- or what locals call the Valley of the Beautiful Women -- but the Golen Cellar is n't much to look at . Nevertheless , behind this simple cavern 's red doors , stenciled with the image of Bacchus , lie barrels of the best wine to be found in one of Hungary 's most beautiful vineyard destinations . Menoire is a half-sweet and fruity red wine , low in tannins . My Hungarian mother , whose family once owned vineyards in the area , would bring me here amid the musty aroma of oak barrels and the waft of red onions on zsiros kenyer -- bread topped with lard , onion and paprika . The wine would be decanted unceremoniously into a huge two-liter recycled Coke bottle . ` Not the rubbish you get in supermarkets ' For her , the wine in the Szepasszonyvolgy recalled her student days in the city 's college and her family 's connection with the area . "  Your grandfather made white wine like this , " she said when tasting a glass of Csersegi Fuszeres , another local favorite . "  This is proper cellar wine , not the rubbish you get in the supermarkets . " They take wine very seriously in this part of northeastern Hungary , close to the edge of the Bukk Mountains . At one time the local red "  bulls blood " was supposed to give residents of the main town of Eger supernatural strength to ward off vampirism -- a legend born from its violent past as a trophy in battles with Ottoman invaders . Even when my mother 's family lost its vineyards after World War II , my grandfather never gave up making his own wine . Today , wine is still the blood that flows through the town 's culture . Eger is the ideal destination for wine fans looking for an informal tasting trip . The lack of pretension in the cellars is a big plus for those wanting an introduction to the local produce . ` Bull 's blood ' It 's the topographical ingredients of the Eger region that make it ideal for winemaking . It has limestone and clay-based slopes along with a cool climate , not dissimilar to Burgundy in France . Eger 's grape-growing country spreads out into 5,000 hectares of vineyards , and includes wines areas that carry a protected status . Among them is Debroi Harslevelu , a golden wine produced in Eger 's Debro district that carries the aroma of linden flowers and a rich sweetness . Others include Egri Bikaver  better known as the anti-vampiric "  bull 's blood "  . Synonymous with Eger , Egri Bikaver is one of Hungary 's most famous red wines , known for its ruby color and spicy notes . The wine comprises a blend of at least three of 17 red grape types from the Eger district . It varies between wineries , but the Kadarka grape , supposedly brought over during the Ottoman occupation , often anchors it . Szepasszonyvolgy and its more than 200 wine cellars are easily reached from the center of Eger via the miniature train that departs from Egeszseghaz Street . Each cellar has its own distinct flavor . The ones located at the base of the valley pulse at night from local activity and live gypsy music , while others are more spartan , pulling in the crowds with quality wine . The Hagymasi Cellar , at number 19 , is by far the most spectacular , a cathedral to wine carved under the hill . It 's worth visiting for the architecture alone , or for its pince lepeny , a buckwheat pancake filled with ham and cheese -- perfect to soak up the alcohol . And , of course , at the top of the hill , at number 28-29 , there 's the Golen Cellar . These days there 's no need to bring your own recycled Coke bottle . Here are others to try : St. Andrea This is a fairly young cellar following traditional and classic methods , aiming to redefine Eger 's wines for the 21st century . Recommended wines : Hangacs Egri Bikaver 2007 ; Csakegyszoval Pinot Noir 2006 or 2004 . St. Andrea , 88 Ady Endre Street , Egerszalok +36 36 474 018 Kovacs Nimrod Located in the historic backstreets of Eger , this restored historic winery offers tasting and excellent vintages sought by collectors . Recommended wines : Nagyeged Furmint 2010 ; Monopole Rhapsody Bull 's Blood 2009 . Kovacs Nimrod , 66 Veroszala Street , Eger +36 36 537 232 Thummerer Located in the village of Noszvaj , just outside of Eger , this family-run cellar offers high-class , award winning wines you 'll find in exclusive restaurants all over Europe . Recommended wines : Egri Csillag 2012 ; Vili Papa Cuvee 2006 . Thummerer , Szomolyai Street , Noszvaj +36 36 463 269 Juhasz Peter This wine cellar is located right in the Szepasszonyvolgy , so it 's easy to visit for tastings . There 's also a wine museum in the cellar . Recommended wines : Egri Bikaver 2008 ; Egri Csillag 2011 . Juhasz Peter , Cellar 40 , Pinceborozo , Szepasszonyvolgy , Eger , +36-36 436 432 Galtibor One of the leading wineries in the Eger region , combining traditional techniques with modern technology . Recommended wine : Egri Bikaver Superior 2009 . Galtibor , 22-32 Veroszala Street , Eger , +36 20 85 25 005 Vincze Winery with a solid reputation for being one of the top wine makers in the region . It also produces certified organic wines . Recommended wines : Vincze Cuvee 2002 ; Egri Pinot Noir 2007 . Vincze , 2 Mester Street , Eger +36 36 427 515 Sike One of the few local wineries harvesting mature grapes , Sike produces very sweet "  ice wines , " or wines closely resembling the Hungary 's famous sweet Tokaj wines . Recommended wine : Debroi Harszlevelu Bothrytises 2006 . Sike , 43 Disznofosor Street , Eger +36 30 742 9024 CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy . Jennifer Walker is an Anglo-Hungarian writer and former physicist living in Budapest . She tweets at @JDWalkerWriter .	Hungary 's northeastern town of Eger lies in the heart of one of the country 's best wine regions Szepasszonyvolgy , or the Valley of the Beautiful Women , contains more than 200 wine cellars Visitors can easily tour the cellars to try and buy wines , in bottles or straight from the barrel
CNN  -- Two decades ago , I strode out of my house and knew I 'd never think of it as my home again . I hugged my mother goodbye and climbed into the car with my dad , my tape collection and every decent piece of clothing I owned . When he made the multistate drive back from dropping me off at college , the car would be empty , and the house would , to me , no longer be our family home -- just my parents ' house . Recently , it ceased to be even that . A few months ago , my parents handed the keys over to a real estate agent and , for the first time in more than 40 years , were no longer homeowners . They headed southeast from Kentucky to a retirement community near my sister in South Carolina . If all goes as planned , they 'll spend the rest of their days in blissful , assisted leisure . For them , there will be no more fussing over gutter clogs , leaf piles , loose shingles or any of the other burdens of ownership . While their house has weathered the passage of time well -- even gotten more elegant in the absence of two squabbling , headstrong daughters -- my mother has not . My dad will benefit from the on-hand help with her care , and she will be less isolated by her declining health and mobility . They feel freed by shedding the house and its baggage . I am thrilled for them -- and yet unexpectedly adrift . I know how lucky I was to grow up in that solid red brick house : leak-free , clean and warm enough when it needed to be . But I find myself not mourning its loss . For many people , a childhood home acts as a satellite heart , the warm and beating core of family . They 're at their most complete in the center of it , surrounded by loved ones , with the artifacts of an idyllic past intact . A visit home comforts and charges them to face the challenges of the outside world ; for me , it always chafed and drained my spirit . This was not the fault of the people inside . I was just wired incompatibly with the place I was raised . Every room you live in preserves a frozen version of the person you once were , for better or worse . A few blocks from the home I share with my husband and our dogs , I can stroll by the apartment building where I spent eight bachelorette years . I thrived , loved , cried , created and blossomed there , and I almost inevitably light up in recollection of happy times inside that fifth-floor walk-up . That 's rarely the case when I think of the house where I grew up . I was a weird , low and lonely kid when I lived there , awkward in my own skin and aching for the day I could fly far , far away and metamorphose into the adult I dreamed of being . At best , the house on Manor Lane afforded me refuge from a small-town suburban world that was n't especially thrilled to have me in it . My parents were kind and attuned enough to let me cocoon myself in the basement , setting up a painting  and , let 's face it , sulking  studio where I was free to make terrible art and dreadful poetry and go about the business of being a misfit teen , biding time until my escape . At worst , and especially after I 'd moved away and begun building a happier life , a night back in my childhood bed could easily press the air from my chest . The room exerted a nearly physical force on my body , and I 'd react by shutting down : sleeping too much , mostly to shield myself from the ghosts of my misfit past . But they 've begun to haunt my home 570 miles away . Some parents institute a purge as soon as their children move away , unsentimentally chucking report cards , finger paintings , trophies and all the other detritus of youth .  "  You better come get this stuff or I 'm tossing it ... " My parents were dedicated chroniclers of their daughters ' lives -- the good , the bad and the terribly ugly haircuts . In the process of streamlining their belongings , they began shipping this stuff to us . The U.S. mail became a time machine , delivering odds and ends including third-grade conduct reports and an inexplicable pencil drawing of the main characters from "  Moonlighting . "  Like I said , I was a weird kid . Rereading the "  deep " and deeply hackneyed poetry you wrote in high school can take you down a peg , no matter how strong your adult self-image . And it 's incredibly disconcerting to see long-forgotten fossils of the past -- a spelling bee medal , a lumpy art class ashtray , a tragically dorky class picture -- existing in the same physical space as the carefully curated objects of one 's grown-up home . But these things are mine now to do with as I wish , to display or discard , celebrate or finally exorcise . It may take time . Meanwhile , there 's a slight pang at the loss of a place I once lived , and did n't quite love . I 'll never again skulk in that basement , sleep like the dead in that bed or dial that number by heart to hear my parents ' voices , but I suppose that now , home is just wherever they are . Where is home for you , and where do you want to return to visit or stay ? Please share in the comments below and participate in our iReport assignment .	Kat Kinsman 's parents moved from the Kentucky house where she grew up Kinsman : "  They feel freed . ... I am thrilled for them -- and yet unexpectedly adrift " They sent objects from childhood , which began to pile up on her desk at work
CNN  -- Google might need a find new home for its giant floating showroom in San Francisco Bay . No , the company is n't the latest victim of skyrocketing Bay Area real estate costs . It seems Google is under fire from state authorities for not having the proper permits necessary to construct the barge in its current location . The four-story structure is housed at Treasure Island , a small piece of land between San Francisco and Oakland . The barge rose to fame late last year as a delightful floating enigma in the San Francisco Bay . The vessel was originally spotted by a CNET reporter and Google would not comment on its purpose . People had great fun speculating about the barge , guessing that it was a floating data center , a Google Glass shop or a luxury event space . It was dubbed the Google Mystery Barge . Eventually , Google killed the mystery , and some of the fun , by announcing the structure was going to be an "  interactive space where people can learn about new technology . " But shortly after the story picked up steam , Google hit pause on construction of the barge . The U.S. Coast Guard inspected the structure and the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission  BCDC  announced it was meeting with Google about the matter in December . The opening date for the barge was delayed until late 2014 , according to CNET , and the boat sat idle in its Treasure Island home . This week , the BCDC officially notified The Treasure Island Development Authority  TIDA  that it did not have the necessary permits to construct and lodge any ships at the pier where the Google barge is currently moored . TIDA manages the island on behalf of the city of San Francisco . "  We are asking TIDA to work with us so that the necessary permits can be applied for and completed to enable lawful activities to be undertaken at the site in the future  perhaps including shipbuilding and repair  , " said Larry Goldzband , executive director of the BCDC . That means that for now , Treasure Island must relocate the Google ship to another shipbuilding facility in order to comply with state law . To get its paperwork into ship shape , Google will also have to get the proper permits from the BCDC to moor its marketing vessel in an approved area in San Francisco Bay , one that is already permitted to do this type of construction . "  We just received the letter from the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission and we are reviewing it , " said a Google spokesperson in an e-mail . Now the biggest mystery is when , if ever , the project will be finished and open its doors to the public .	Google does not have the proper permits for its showroom barge , state says The four-story structure is still under construction at Treasure Island in San Francisco Bay The once mysterious barge has already delayed its opening due to inspections
CNN  -- Tiger Woods ' popularity has plummeted -- but most Americans will still be rooting for him to win when he tees up at the Masters tournament in April , a new national poll suggests . Nearly 60 percent of those who answered a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey said they wanted the embattled golfer to win the event at Georgia 's Augusta National course , which would be his fifth victory there . Twenty percent said they did not want him to win and another 20 percent said they did not care . The Masters will be Woods ' first time back in professional golf since his November car crash outside his home and the media frenzy about his extramarital affairs . And even though Woods has taken a hiatus from playing , 52 percent of those polled said they think Woods will win the Masters , the first of the golf season 's four major tournaments which runs from April 5-11 . An overwhelming majority of those polled , 75 percent , thought it was appropriate for Woods to return at the Masters and that he did not have to wait longer . But still , a majority of those polled , 45 percent , had an unfavorable view of Woods . Forty-three percent had a favorable view . These numbers are in striking contrast to 2005 when about 85 percent of those polled had a favorable view of Woods . Woods ' public woes began with an early-morning crash November 27 outside his Orlando-area home , when he suffered minor injuries after striking a fire hydrant and a tree with his Cadillac SUV . Woods was not required to talk to police about the wreck and declined to talk with investigators on several occasions . Eventually , he was cited for careless driving . The accident occurred days after the tabloid National Enquirer named Woods as having an affair with a New York nightclub hostess . The woman has denied the allegation , but several others have come forward to claim that they had sexual relationships with Woods , who has two children with his wife , former model Elin Nordegren . In a carefully-managed March statement , delivered to a small , hand-picked crowd , Woods said he was in inpatient therapy for 45 days from the end of December to early February for "  issues , " which he did not explain . The controversy prompted several major sponsors to suspend or drop their relationships with Woods , who also apologized to his business partners for his behavior .	Tiger Woods ' popularity has plummeted since media frenzy about his extramarital affairs But a national poll suggests most Americans still want him to win Masters title The world 's top golfer will make his first appearance this season at Augusta in April Three-quarters of people polled thought it was the right time for him to return to action
CNN  -- Think about all the data -- photos , videos , text messages , calendar items , apps , call log , voice mail , and e-mail -- on your cell phone right now . If you 're arrested , could the police search your cell phone ? And would they need a warrant ? That depends on which state you 're in . In California , it is legal for police to search an arrestee 's cell phone without a warrant -- ever since a January decision by the California Supreme Court . California civil rights advocates are pushing back . The Electronic Frontier Foundation is supporting California Assembly Bill SB 914 , which would require police in that state to get a warrant before searching an arrestee 's cell phone . EFF also recently filed an amicus brief in the Oregon case of James Tyler Nix , a criminal suspect who was arrested and placed in a holding cell . According to EFF , "  Forty minutes after the arrest , without a warrant , an investigator fished through the suspect 's cell phone looking for evidence related to his alleged crime . Law enforcement officials claim they did n't need a warrant because the search was ` incident to arrest ' -- an exception to the warrant requirement intended to allow officers to perform a search for weapons or to prevent evidence from being destroyed in exigent circumstances . " EFF senior staff attorney Marcia Hofmann contended : "  This is an empty excuse from the police -- the suspect was in custody and unable to destroy evidence on his cell phone . " Meanwhile , in Florida , an appellate court decision upheld warrantless cell phone searches , defining the phone as a kind of "  container . " This case may be considered by the Florida Supreme Court . A similar Georgia appellate court decision upheld a warrantless search of a cell phone found in an arrestee 's car  not on her person  . In contrast , the Ohio Supreme Court has barred warrantless cell phone searches . The Michigan State Police  MSP  use data extraction devices to pull data off arrestee 's smartphones . This is done only with a warrant , according to a state police press release . But when the Michigan chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union filed a Freedom of Information Act request to obtain details about how these devices are being used , they encountered serious obstacles . "  MSP claimed that the cost of retrieving and assembling the documents that disclose how five of the devices are being used is $ 544,680 . The ACLU was then asked to pay a $ 272,340 deposit before the organization could receive a single document , " said a Michigan ACLU statement . "  In order to reduce the cost , the ACLU of Michigan narrowed the scope of its request . However , each time the ACLU submitted more narrow requests , MSP claimed that no documents exist for that time period and then it refused to reveal when the devices were used so a proper request could be made . " The pattern appears to be that around the U.S. , some state and local police officers are taking the initiative to search arrestees ' cell phones . In some cases this yields information relevant to the alleged crime , which has contributed to indictments and convictions . Only then do some of these cases wind up in appellate or state supreme courts in a process that often takes years . If you 're concerned about police or anyone else getting into your cell phone , a basic precaution is to configure your phone 's security settings to always require a passcode or pattern to access any of the phone 's data or functions . According to Catherine Crump of the American Civil Liberties Union , "  The police can ask you to unlock the phone -- which many people will do -- but they almost certainly can not compel you to unlock your phone without the involvement of a judge . " Data extraction devices used for cell phone forensics can bypass passcode security in some cases , but so far there appears to be little evidence that police are using these devices without warrants . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	In California it is legal for police to search an arrestee 's cell phone with out a warrant A Florida appellate court upheld warrantless cell phone searches Michigan chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union is fighting back
Miami  CNN  -- The death of Trayvon Martin is an undeniable tragedy . People are outraged , and rightly so , because a young , unarmed teenager lost his life . The incident has brought Florida 's "  stand your ground " law into sharp focus in the center of a media and legal firestorm . The shooting of Martin was not something that the Florida Legislature anticipated would happen when it enacted the law in 2005 . When the law was pushed through the legislature , its supporters , including the National Rifle Association , proclaimed it as necessary to give law-abiding citizens the ability to protect themselves . The law expanded an individual 's legal right to use force , including deadly force , in self-defense . And it allows it in any place , not just in one 's home , without fear of civil or criminal consequences when the individual has a "  reasonable " fear of death or great bodily harm . The National Rifle Association lobbied hard for the law in Florida , which passed the House and Senate with almost no opposition . Based on its resounding success in Florida , the NRA lobbied for similar legislation in many other states . The vast majority of these acts also passed . One can not entirely fault the NRA for supporting the bill . Simply put , it 's good for business . As people are encouraged to purchase and use firearms to protect themselves , presumably more guns are purchased and more individuals join the association . However , it 's becoming increasingly clear that the ramifications of the law are murky . In hindsight , it 's easy to say the Florida Legislature should have been troubled by the law when it was introduced in the state . And that more attention should have been paid to law enforcement officers and prosecutors who strongly opposed it . Now , these people 's fears have proved to be well-founded . For police and prosecutors , the law causes confusion as to when prosecution is appropriate . The statute has led to many nonprosecutions after investigations -- it is hard to find that a person did not act in self-defense when the person that was being defended against can not refute the allegations , i.e. , dead men do n't talk . Many blame the present lack of prosecution in the Martin case on the law . George Zimmerman 's belief in his right to use a firearm in self-defense against Martin is difficult to dispute . And legally , the police can not simply arrest and prosecute him for Martin 's death . So the question remains : Is the law working for the residents of Florida and other states ? The answer depends on your perspective . More cases result in no prosecution because of the law , and the law has led to a variety of wins for defendants on motions to dismiss before a trial by jury . Potential defendants and their attorneys undoubtedly see this as a positive change and certainly there are instances where the use of force in self-defense is warranted . But this expanded right to self-defense comes at a price -- more individuals are likely to use deadly force because they feel protected by the law , and more innocent people who may have been in the wrong place at the wrong time are likely to die or be seriously injured as a result . Trayvon Martin 's death highlights the potential deficiencies and problematic aspects of the law . Let 's hope it will force the Florida Legislature and legal system to face these difficult gray areas in what perhaps seemed like a straightforward law when it was passed . Regardless of how the facts of the Martin case play out , lawmakers and the public that elects them should consider whether the law is a benefit to all citizens . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Zachary L. Weaver .	Florida 's ` stand your ground ' law permit citizens to use force in self-defense Zachary Weaver : National Rifle Association had reasons to support the law Weaver : Law officers who opposed the measure should have gotten more attention He says given the tragegy of Trayvon Martin , we need to reconsider the law
CNN  -- Unauthorized immigrant women do the jobs that put food on the plates of Americans , but face harassment and other challenges daily in the workplace , a study by the Southern Poverty Law Center found . The report , titled "  Injustice On Our Plates , " is based on interviews with 150 immigrant women from Mexico , Guatemala and other Latin American countries . "  Despite their contributions to our economy , these immigrants live at the margins of U.S. society -- subsisting on poverty wages , enduring humiliation and exploitation in the workplace , and living in constant fear that their families will be shattered if they are detected , " according to the report . The anecdotes collected by the organization provide a glimpse of the hardships faced by agricultural workers who are in the United States illegally . The women interviewed mostly said they came to the United States to seek a better life for their families , the report said . Critics of illegal immigration say those who want to work in the United States should get in line with others seeking a legal path in . Many of the women interviewed said they did n't meet any of the established criteria for obtaining a green card and so decided to cross illegally . The subjects that the report focused on worked in places such as Florida , New York , North Carolina and California . They worked picking tomatoes , lettuce , green beans , apples and other produce . "  Regardless of what sector of the food industry these women worked in , they all reported feeling like they were seen by their employers as disposable workers with no lasting value , to be squeezed of every last drop of sweat and labor before being cast aside , " the report said . The challenges include low pay -- one woman reported that she earned $ 5.75 an hour , or sometimes 45 cents for each 32-pound bucket filled with tomatoes . "  You have to run to do 150 -LSB- buckets -RSB- to make your money for the day , " the woman , identified only as Maria , told interviewers . Sometimes , after two weeks of work , they would not get paid , she said . One boss would n't let the workers go to the bathroom , she said . Farmworkers are also exposed to harmful pesticides that can cause birth defects , the report said . According to the report , about six in 10 of America 's farmworkers are unauthorized immigrants . Of the total illegal immigrant population , women are estimated to make up 4 million . Another woman interviewed for the study , Olivia , told how she was raped by one of her supervisors . Sexual violence and harassment is widely reported by unauthorized female immigrants , the report said . "  Sexual predators view farmworker women and other undocumented women as ` perfect victims ' because they are isolated , thought to lack credibility , generally do not know their rights , and may be vulnerable because they lack legal status , " the study said . A majority of the women interviewed by the center reported facing sexual harassment at work . The report 's recommendations included enacting comprehensive immigration reform that provide a path for legalization . Such efforts in Congress have been unsuccessful in the past . The center also recommends tightening labor laws for agricultural producers .	The Southern Poverty Law Center finds that immigrant women face daily challenges They include wage abuse and sexual harassment Unauthorized immigrant women help put food on tables , but are neglected at work , study says
CNN  -- Natalie Montanaro , 52 , a research assistant from the College of Charleston , South Carolina , volunteered for the U.S. Peace Corps and moved to Romania in May 2009 . Now , more than a year later , Montanaro lives in the small rural community of Brusturoasa , a collection of five villages in the north-east of the country with a population of around 3,000 . Steeped in tradition and religion , life in rural Romania is a far cry from Charleston , as Montanaro explained to CNN : "  It 's very old world . There are many animals -- chickens , horses and cows . You have to watch out what you 're crossing in front of on the street , especially the cows ! " Read about Montanaro 's travels on iReport Montanaro works at the village 's three schools , teaching English to students from kindergarten to grade eight . On top of lessons she gives afternoon conversation classes and teaches the students computer skills after school . But the project closest to Montanaro 's heart is the international cooking day she hosts once a month for the 12 to 15-year-old students . "  They learn about different ways of preparing meals , healthy choices , food safety , kitchen methods , terms , tools , and other things like cooperation , timing , dinner conversation and how to set an entertaining table , " she said . With no supermarket in the village Montanaro has transformed her garden into a thriving vegetable patch . She explained to CNN : "  I 've planted a garden with spinach , artichokes , red lettuce , rosemary , leeks , peppers and basil , to name just a few . "  We will use these along with other garden staples like potatoes , carrots , onions , tomatoes , eggplant and cucumbers to make more dishes this summer that they have n't had a chance to taste yet , " she said . For Montanaro , becoming a Peace Corps volunteer has been a life long ambition and one she has not regretted . "  For me , my service has been a blessing . I have been able to fulfil a promise , realize many dreams , live among kind people , learn from others about new traditions , share culture and time with people who are now my friends , " she told CNN . "  The children are wonderfully expressive , thoughtful , intelligent , and spirited and the beauty that I 've seen here during my days as a Peace Corps volunteer makes everything worthwhile . "	Natalie Montanaro volunteers for the U.S. Peace Corp in the rural community of Brusturoasa She lives with a host family in the village and the Peace Corps pays her rent With no close supermarket Montanaro relies heavily on the produce from her garden
CNN  After freezing rain and snow glazed roads across the Northeast , leaving as many as six dead , more misery awaits Monday . Winter storm warnings are in effect through the morning for upstate Vermont and portions of New Hampshire , Maine and western Massachusetts . In Vermont , there could be between 3 and 7 inches of snow and 10 inches in the state 's highest elevations . Ice storms hit parts of Connecticut , New York , New Jersey and Pennsylvania over the weekend , prompting the mayor of Danbury , Connecticut , to begin the hashtag #Icezilla . "  Still slippery , but calls are slowing down in our 911 center . #Danbury #Icezilla , " Mayor Mark Boughton tweeted . The Hartford Courant reported that the ice contributed to more than 216 car accidents on Sunday , including a fatal crash in New Haven . The New York Fire Department fielded some 3,700 emergency calls , CNN affiliate WABC reported Monday , and the department took the unusual step of calling in help from neighboring agencies . As Monday wears on -- there 's some good news for the Northeast -- the ice will start melting as temperatures creep upward . A messy mix of ice and rain left bridges , overpasses and interstates very slick Sunday . Two people died in accidents related to black ice in the Philadelphia area , state police said . In one of the accidents , one person was killed after getting out of a car and being hit by an oncoming vehicle , authorities said . The person got out of the car after crashing into at least 20 vehicles piled up on Interstate 76 . An additional two people were killed in a multicar crash in Delaware County , Pennsylvania , CNN affiliate KYW reported . The three cars rammed into a tractor-trailer and got stuck underneath , it said . At least one person has died in Harford County , Maryland , state police spokesman Greg Shipley said . There were dozens of crashes Sunday throughout central and northern Maryland . Most occurred in Howard , Baltimore , Harford and Cecil counties .	Storm warning for upstate Vermont , parts of New Hampshire , Maine , Massachusetts Ice storms hit portions of Connecticut , New York , New Jersey and Pennsylvania
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When David Whitney traveled to Pakistan to shoot his film about a man forced to flee Afghanistan after falling foul of the Taliban he did n't expect fiction to turn into reality . A still from "  Kandahar Break . " Production of the film was halted after the crew were fired upon by suspected Taliban militia . But that 's exactly what happened three weeks into shooting political thriller "  Kandahar Break " in late 2008 . Gunmen attacked the first-time director and his crew near the Afghan border . Four Pakistani crew members were shot and wounded in the incident and the entire crew was forced to flee the region . Pakistani authorities later told Whitney that the gunmen were affiliated with the Taliban and were in fact targeting the Western members of the team . "  I was very upset . It was terrifying to know that somebody was trying to attack us , trying to shoot us , " Whitney told CNN . With the help of local security forces the team was immediately evacuated to Islamabad and put on a flight out of the country in 24 hours . Whitney had only managed to film three-quarters of the script and the film 's future lay in the balance . "  When I heard that the crew members who had been shot were going to be fine I started to think like the businessman and the producer , " says Whitney . "  I thought , ` How are we going to finish this film ? We 're not just going to give up . ' And to a man everybody involved agreed to finish it . " After six months spent organizing financial backing , the original cast and crew flew to Tunisia to complete the movie and has been attracting interest from distributors . Despite the danger caused by shooting so close to the actual conflict zone , Whitney says he would shoot in the region again if he had the chance . "  Every place you point a camera there 's a great shot . You do n't have to go very far to find fantastic authentic Afghan architecture and beautiful landscapes . "  All the people are in the same sort of authentic costumes , so you do n't have the problem of trying to find authenticity -- it 's all around you . " Whitney hopes the authenticity will help "  Kandahar Break " enjoy the same level of success as Kathryn Bigelow 's "  The Hurt Locker " -- the first film about the Iraq war to make a profit at the U.S. box office . Bigelow 's thriller tells the story of an elite army EOD bomb squad who battle insurgents and each other , as they disarm a innumerable roadside bombs on the streets of Baghdad . Bigelow shot "  The Hurt Locker " in Jordan , as close as she could get to the actual conflict zone . She also made use of local actors . The film is based on screenwriter Mark Boal 's first-hand experiences gathered whilst embedded with a bomb unit in Iraq . "  Because it was based on real life , we wanted to keep it as realistic as possible and keep it accurate , " Bigelow told CNN . "  I mean this is a conflict that 's still on-going so we felt responsible to the troops still there and the situation on the ground . " The cast faced grueling shooting conditions : Temperatures ranged between 115 and 120 degrees Fahrenheit  46 and 49 degrees Celsius  . It was even hotter in the authentic bomb suit worn by Jeremy Brenner , who plays Staff Sergeant James . The suit weighed 60 pounds . "  You really ca n't explain the heat and the weight of the suit , " Brenner told CNN . "  That certainly helped the realism of it all . There were a few moments I felt like ... I 've been as close as I could 've come to war without actually being in the military . "  The heat was real , the dust was real , the costumes and everything was so real that the tension -LSB- was already there -RSB- , " Anthony Mackie who plays Sergeant JT Sanborn told CNN . "  Kathryn would come to us before every scene and say , ` Remember at any moment you can die . ' And we kept that in mind throughout all the scenes . " While "  The Hurt Locker , " has made over $ 11 million in the U.S. , previous movies dealing with conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan have struggled to make money . Observers have attributed this to "  war fatigue " suffered by audiences due to an abundance of war-stories in the media . Bigelow and Whitney are confident that cinema audiences have a thirst for knowledge about volatile regions like Iraq and Afghanistan that goes beyond what is reported on the news . "  I think the conflict -LSB- in Iraq -RSB- has been somewhat abstract for the general public , certainly speaking for myself , " Bigelow told CNN . "  The film provides kind of a window , a lens onto what this particular conflict might be like , and gives it some specificity . " David Whitney hopes "  Kandahar Break " can have a similar effect . "  Afghanistan is at the moment quite central to global security . I think it 's good that people are looking at Afghanistan , questioning it , asking all sorts of questions . If my film can play any part in that , any small part , then I 'm pleased . "	Four Pakistani crew members shot during filming of "  Kandahar Break " Despite difficulties , director David Whitney says it was a great film location Star of "  The Hurt Locker " says filming was similar to being in the military
Gaza  CNN  -- On a typical day in Gaza , Bakir Bidwan delivers fruit and vegetables with his cart and trusty burro to the neighborhoods of Shujayya and Zeitoun . Today , he 's carrying the most precious cargo of all . The only thing Bidwan could fit on his wooden cart is his family . Thirteen people hold on as the donkey moves down the road : Bidwan , his wife , sister and 10 small children with untamed , sun-kissed hair . Asked if they are afraid , the 31-year-old Bidwan says , "  We feel we are already dead . " His youngsters are smiling , seamlessly unaware of the danger they 're in , which is a sharp contrast to their mother 's red , shell-shocked eyes of reality . They tell us they left their home just an hour ago . The previous night automated calls from the Israeli military and leaflets dropped by the Israeli Air Force on these neighborhoods located in the east warned of impending bombings to begin at 9 a.m. the following day . The war between Israel and Gaza militants is entering its 10th day . Their donkey strains against the weight of the load as they move to their final destination , a United Nations-run school that has been turned into temporary shelter and , more importantly , safety . Growing toll of kids killed in Gaza For many Gazans , the search for safety means packing whatever they can into cars , buses and trucks to flee the impending bombings . Almost like clockwork plumes of black smokes billow above Shujayya . The neighborhood 's main market is closed . Almost all the stores have their metal shutters down and padlocks clasped tight . Typically those shops would be bustling as families prepare to break the fast during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan . Scrambling in the shadow of the explosions , mothers and fathers are looking for alternative places to buy last-minute items for their children . Fifty-five-year-old Um Mohamed walks quickly down the sidewalk carrying bags of fruits and vegetables . The sweat on her brow mixes with the tears in her eyes . "  What can I do ? " she asks . "  We ran out of food so I had to leave my daughter-in-law to take care of the kids . " Trapped in war : ` This is tyranny ' Um Ali left her two girls at home , crying , to buy food and medicine . She refused to evacuate . "  The Israelis told us to leave our home by leaflets and phone calls but I have nowhere to go ... we will not leave , it is our destiny , " she says . Then there is Atef Al Somery who cracks a smile of relief . He just finished evacuating 20 members of his family from their home . "  We are fed up with this frightening situation but at the same time we need them to open the border so we can work and feed our families , " the 57-year-old says . Many people we talk to despise the war but their anger is eclipsed only by Gaza 's current state of affairs . For that , they blame Israel Gaza has been called the world 's largest open-air prison . It 's been like that since Hamas took control of it back in 2007 . The only real exit for Gazans is the Rafah border crossing with Egypt , which is rarely open . Importing items from Israel is heavily restricted , so is access to the sea . Racing toward danger : War-scarred Gaza medical crews also in harm 's way At the U.N.-run school are scores of refugees who 've fled their neighborhoods . There is a sense of security within the blue and white walls of the compound . Here we find a crowd surrounding a lady crying hysterically . Between the tears , Umm Ahmed tells us how she returned to her house just as the sun illuminated the concrete structure demolished . Two plastic bags carry all the possessions she could salvage . She screams , thanking God she left the previous day . But despair sets in for the mother of three . "  Where will I go ? " she asks . "  I have nothing left . No food , nothing . " Later at the same school , Bidwan is in his new accommodations , a fourth-floor classroom . His ride is left with the other donkeys and horses tied up at the main gate . He is settling in with his new neighbors . His children are still smiling , this time because they have new playmates . App alerts Israelis of incoming rocket fire	Life for many in Gaza means a search for safety from bombs They pack whatever they can into cars , buses and trucks and onto carts , and they flee Others refuse to evacuate despite warnings from Israel Says one woman , "  I have nowhere to go ... we will not leave , it is our destiny "
CNN  -- Turkish troops backed by air support attacked Kurdish rebels Friday in northern Iraq , the Turkish military said . Turkish tanks on the move near the border town of Silopi in Sirnak province , southeastern Turkey . At least 24 suspected Kurd militants were killed , the Turkish military reported , adding it suffered 5 casualties . The incursion against the Kurdistan Workers Party  PKK  in Iraq began around 7 p.m. Thursday . In a statement , the Turkish military said it would act with "  utmost sensitivity in order to avoid negative impact on local elements " -- a reference to keeping civilians out of the conflict . "  The Turkish Armed Forces , which values Iraq 's territorial integrity and its stability , will return as soon as planned goals are achieved , " the military said . "  The executed operation will prevent the region from being a permanent and safe base for the terrorists and will contribute to Iraq 's stability and internal peace . " Turkey has been taking cross-border military action , including airstrikes and artillery shelling , against the PKK in retaliation to attacks by the group on targets in Turkey from bases in the Kurdish region of northern Iraq . The PKK has spent two decades fighting for autonomy for Kurds in southeastern Turkey . Turkey has also been carrying out small ground operations into Iraq , forays characterized as "  hot pursuit " incursions with a few hundred commandos responding to a particular threat . Citing Turkish media reports estimating that as many as 10,000 Turkish troops had been involved , Fadi Hakura , an analyst with UK military thinktank Chatham House , said the operation was the first major incursion by Turkey into Iraq since Hussein was toppled in 2003 . Hakura said the Turkish military wanted to conduct a surprise attack against the PKK prior to the springtime , when violent attacks tend to escalate , and when the snow in the mountainous border region leaves the fighters ' footprints . "  Normally during the 1980s and the 1990s , the incursions involved 35,000 50,000 troops and they tended to be somewhat open-ended over weeks . This one is expected to be limited to a matter of days and targeted attacks against the PKK , " he said . U.S. officials were downplaying the scope of the operation Friday . Tom Casey , deputy State Department spokesman , said Iraqi Foreign Ministry Hoshyar Zebari called the incursion "  limited in nature " and not "  major . " "  The PKK is a common enemy of the U.S. , Turkey and Iraq . We need to work together to resolve it , " Casey said . "  We are pleased that Turks have stressed that they will do everything possible to avoid acts that would harm civilians . " Rear Adm. Gregory Smith , a spokesman for the U.S. military in Iraq , told CNN the military is "  aware " of a Turkish "  operation of limited duration to specifically target PKK terrorists in that region . " "  Turkey has given its assurances it will do everything possible to avoid collateral damage to innocent civilians or Kurdish infrastructure , " Smith said . The ground troops ' deployment followed cross-border shelling early Thursday by Turkish soldiers into abandoned villages north of Irbil -- the capital of Iraq 's Kurdish Regional Government . The shelling , which struck abandoned villages in the Khwar-Kork area north of Irbil , lasted two hours and was followed by heavy gunfire , a KRG official told CNN . There were no reports of casualties . Border tensions have been a source of diplomatic disagreement between the U , S. and its Iraqi and Turkish allies . U.S. and Iraqi authorities have been concerned that any large-scale operation by Turkey into Iraq to chase down Kurdish rebels could destabilize the region . At the same time , the U.S. backs Turkey 's efforts to battle the PKK , which both countries regard as a terrorist group and has been providing intelligence to the Turks . "  The United States continues to support Turkey 's right to defend itself from the terrorist activities of the PKK and has encouraged Turkey to use all available means , to include diplomacy and close coordination with the Government of Iraq to ultimately resolve this issue , " Smith said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Paula Hancocks , Zain Verjee and Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Turkish military launches a ground operation in northern Iraq against Kurdish rebels Operation continues recent Turkish attacks against PKK militants based in Iraq The PKK has previously launched attacks on targets in Turkey Spokesman says U.S. military "  aware " of a Turkish operation of limited duration
CNN  -- Toyota Motor Corp. has recently been in the hot seat after issuing massive recalls because of problems related to the accelerator pedal in several of its auto models . To date , 8.1 million vehicles worldwide have been recalled by the manufacturer , with the possibility of more to come after Thursday 's announcement by the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration of a formal investigation into brake problems with the 2010 Prius . As the company 's woes continue to mount , there has been some speculation from critics such as Rep. Henry Waxman , D-California , as to whether Toyota 's recent problems with sudden unintended acceleration go beyond the problems already identified . Speaking on Wednesday to CNN 's Campbell Brown , Larry Webster of Popular Mechanics magazine spoke at length on the problem , saying that "  in the last decade , there have been tens of thousands of reports of sudden unintended acceleration in cars made by all the manufacturers . " Is this true ? The CNN Fact Check Desk wondered : Which other car manufacturers have had a problem with sudden unintended acceleration ? • Sudden unintended acceleration occurs when a car continues to move forward , often at increasing speeds , without the driver pressing on the accelerator pedal . • While Toyota is basing its current recall on the possibility of floor mat entrapment and sticky accelerator pedals , many factors can contribute to the problem of sudden unintended acceleration in vehicles . Reports from the NHTSA have blamed it on many other factors , including frayed throttle cables and cracked cruise-control computers . • The top five manufacturers of cars driven in the United States are General Motors , Toyota , Ford , Honda and Chrysler . • The NHTSA 's online database indicates that every one of these five has received numerous consumer complaints of sudden unintended acceleration in more than one of its models . Each manufacturer has faced a formal investigation into these complaints by the NHTSA and as a result has had to recall vehicles to fix various conditions that led to the problem . • Recalls due to incidents of sudden unintended acceleration are not limited to the big five manufacturers . According to the NHTSA database , recalls have also been issued for vehicles made by Nissan , BMW , Volkswagen , Mitsubishi , Subaru , Mercedes-Benz , Kia , Mazda , Land Rover , Suzuki and Volvo . • In December 2009 , Consumer Reports published an article that said 41 percent of the sudden acceleration complaints received by the NHTSA in 2008 pertained to Toyota and its luxury brand , Lexus . Ford came in second behind Toyota with 28 percent of the complaints relating to U.S. models . • Bottom Line : Sudden unintended acceleration is not a problem limited to Toyota . Many car manufacturers , including the other four with the largest shares of the U.S. market , have had to recall vehicles because of this issue .	8.1 million vehicles worldwide have been recalled by Toyota Popular Mechanics expert says thousands of cars have had similar problems Fact Check investigates to see if that 's true
CNN  -- Take it from President Barack Obama -- Virginia 's Loudoun County is a must-win swing district in a must-win swing state . "  We won last time in Loudoun County , and if we win again , we win Virginia , " Obama declared at a rally in August . "  And if we win Virginia , we win the election . " The final factor affecting many undecided voters in this wealthy Washington exurb is sequestration -- massive , automatic cuts scheduled to start taking effect at the the beginning of 2013 after the failure of a supercommittee to come up with a deficit-reduction plan . Loudoun County is emblematic of the new northern Virginia -- upper-middle class , fast-growing and increasingly diverse . Over the past decade , the landscape has transformed from quiet farmland to rows of upper middle-class houses . As defense budgets boomed under President George W. Bush post-9 / 11 , the industry expanded , and many new defense workers and contractors moved to Loudoun . The county now has the highest median household income in the United States -- $ 119,000 a year . Population doubled over the past decade , to 312,000 -- and the Hispanic population has tripled . This is n't old Virginia ; it 's new Virginia . And these demographic factors helped Obama become the first Democrat to win the state since Lyndon Johnson in 1964 -- by a margin in Loudoun County of just 11,509 votes . Four years later , the unemployment rate in Loudoun County is strikingly low -- just 4 % -- about half the national average . But these looming automatic cuts are creating a clear and present danger to Loudoun 's economic well-being that is resonating here . News : Energized Obama touts new jobs report in Virginia , Ohio So sequestration weighs heavily on the minds of undecided Loudoun County voters such as John Dyer , co-founder of a 2-year-old small business -- KSH Tech Solutions -- that specializes in consulting to government agencies to increase efficiency . Dyer is a coveted swing voter whose votes in the past reflect the winner of Virginia -- the voter that both campaigns are trying to reach in this final stretch . He 's a native Virginian , raised in Richmond , and he cast his first ballot for Ronald Reagan . The first Democrat he ever voted for was Obama . Four years later , he 's concerned that Obama 's run out of energy and the overall economy still has n't improved as fast as he 'd hoped . He understands that the deficit needs to be dealt with but believes that abrupt sequester-style cuts could be devastating to the local and national economy . He 'll be watching the next debates with these priorities in mind : "  I feel passionate about health care , that 's for sure . And the issues around the federal government spending , the DOD  Department of Defense  , and how it affects our business . It is my lifeblood and my future . " There 's no question that the specter of sequestration has cast a chill in this community . "  My neighborhood is full of subcontractors and contractors that work for or in the federal government , " Dyer says . "  Some have already talked to their employees -- they have given notice that a storm could be coming , and they need to be prepared for layoffs . " Dyer 's business partner is Katie Hammler , a former captain in the U.S. Army Reserves , an independent voter who also serves on the Leesburg Town Council "  This is going to be as serious a problem to our north Virginia region as the fallout of the car industry was to Detroit , " Hammler says . "  It will be small businesses like ours that are going to be hit the most . Two million jobs will be lost , half of which will be from small companies . We 'll be hit earliest and hardest . " Hammler blames sequestration on congressional division and dysfunction : "  It 's as if there are certain factions within the parties who are setting things up where because of the pressure of the next primary , because of the pressure of the election , there 's no incentive for compromise and collaboration to find meaningful solutions to complex problems . " There 's plenty of blame to go around for both parties , but Hammler expresses special frustration with a particular group : "  Those who oppose Obama have done everything in their power to ensure that he fails . " With sequestration as a final factor in this key swing county of Virginia , the tea party rhetoric of 2010 wo n't necessarily work on undecided swing voters such as Dyer . "  People support the government here , " he says . "  They work for the mission of the government . Even as a contractor , you work to fulfill that mission . " News : With Ryan by his side , Romney rallies Virginians in debate victory lap Virginians have a contrarian streak -- in recent decades they have voted for a governor from the opposite party as the president just elected . "  Virginians are wary of too much government power in one party , " says Leesburg Mayor Kristen Umstattd . "  They like the balance of power . " But while both parties might be to blame for the failed supercommittee resulting in the scheduled sequestration cuts , they can vote for only one president . The demographic changes in Virginia and comparatively strong economy might give Obama reason to believe that he can make history a second time by winning Virginia , but it is far from a sure thing in this traditionally conservative corner of the country . To convince Dyer and other undecided swing voters in Loudoun County , the two candidates will need to present a balanced plan to avoid the blunt edge of sequestration cuts and a practical strategy for avoiding this kind of high-risk , hyper-partisan brinksmanship in the future . That 's a final factor in winning this key swing district of this key swing state in the fight for the White House 2012 . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Loudoun County , Virginia , a must-win swing district in must-win swing state Loudoun County 's upper middle-class residents ' concern is sequestration , he says Those scheduled spending cuts may sway the county 's undecided voters , Avlon says Obama was the first Democrat to win Virginia since Lyndon Johnson in 1964
CNN  -- Anna Fenninger believes the best is yet to come after winning the World Cup giant slalom in front of her home fans at Semmering . The Austria star produced the fastest time in both the first and second run to see off championship leader Tina Maza and France 's Tess Worley . Just over a year since Fenninger 's maiden World Cup triumph at Lienz , the Super-Combined World champion recorded an aggregate time of 2:13.09 to top the charts . Schild out of world championship title defense And with another win under her belt , the 23-year-old is determined to build on her success . "  My goal now is to keep skiing at that level until the Worlds ' and we 'll see what is going to happen there " , she told reporters . "  When I won last year , I was really surprised . Winning today gives me the confidence that I can do it again and hopefully very soon . "  I felt good out there today and I was 100 percent sure of my skiing . "  Thats what you need to have to win such a race . On the upper part of the piste I got it right by just letting my skies do the work . "  The lead I had after the first run was very important . " U.S. teen Shiffrin slaloms to first World Cup victory Meanwhile , World Cup leader Tina Maze expressed her delight after claiming her first ever podium at Semmering "  I 'm very happy with the 2nd place , although my 1st run was n't perfect , " she told reporters . "  I lost a lot of time in the top part . I 'm pretty constant and very pleased with the way I 've been skiing . One ca n't win every time . "  Others also have their perfect day . I will now stay focused on my goals of the season , which are the Worlds ' and the overall . " Championship leader Maze 's second place secured a ninth podium spot of the season , taking her overall points for the season to 999 . The Slovenian has a lead of 417 points over Maria Hoefl-Riesch of Germany	Anna Fenninger wins World Cup giant slalom at Semmering , Austria The 23-year-old recorded fastest times on both legs of competition Championship leader Tina Maze finished second with France 's Tessa Worley in third Maze leads overall standings by 417 points from Maria Hoefl-Riesch of Germany
Government and politics teacher Dawn Quarles ' voice goes tight with frustration when she thinks back to how trying to register her students to vote thrust her into the center of Florida 's high profile and deeply partisan voting rights controversy . "  I never felt like the voting process was on my side ... That 's not the way it 's supposed to be , " said Quarles , a registered Republican who was slapped with a $ 1,000 fine when she ran afoul of a state law requiring a 48-hour deadline for third parties to turn in voter registration forms . "  I felt like I was taking on my own party , " she said . Though a federal judge recently struck down the 48-hour deadline requirement , Quarles and other Floridians have been stunned by the state 's standoff with the federal government over voter registration laws . For some Florida voters , 2012 is starting to feel eerily like 2000 . Twelve years ago , the fate of the presidency hung in the balance as Florida elections officials scurried to recount ballots to determine whether Republican candidate George W. Bush or Vice President Al Gore , a Democrat , would emerge as victor from the close contest . In the electoral chaos that followed , a number of minority voters said they were turned away from the polls or not provided language assistance , a matter that leaves a bitter taste in the mouths of the state 's civil rights activists to this day . The matter of who won the 2000 presidential election was ultimately decided by the Supreme Court . And Florida , a battleground state with a history of voting irregularities , cemented its reputation as a place where electorally things sometimes go awry . On Tuesday the Department of Justice filed a lawsuit to keep Florida from potentially purging thousands of voters from its registration rolls . Florida Gov. Rick Scott has said the purge -- which comes months before the general election -- was both legal and necessary to keep non-U.S. citizens from voting illegally . Florida is suing the Department of Homeland Security to gain access to a citizenship database and blames the agency for the election year timing of the purge . "  Had they not stonewalled us , we could have easily identified non-citizens , removed them from the voter rolls , and the issue would n't be what it is today , " said Lane Wright , a Scott spokesman . So far , the state has identified "  almost 100 individuals " who are n't citizens but are registered to vote . State officials also say they "  are not aware of any eligible voter who has been removed through this process ; we are only aware of ineligible voters on the list , " said Chris Cate , spokesman for the Florida Department of State . However voters on those lists tell a different tale . Linda Tibbetts , who is originally from the Philippines , became a citizen a few years ago . Getting her citizenship and registering as a Republican was a big day for her and her family . So they were shocked to find her name on the list of voters who could potentially be purged from Florida 's rolls . "  We did everything that we were supposed to do properly ... She aced her exam on questions of U.S. law and history and everything , " said her husband , Roger Tibbetts . Linda Tibbetts declined to speak with CNN . "  If she 's already a citizen , why does she have to go out and then reprove that she 's a citizen to bureaucrats that are not researching properly , " her husband asked . The state also has tussled with voting rights groups including the League of Women Voters , the NAACP , La Raza and Rock the Vote over the controversial 48-hour deadline requirement to turn in registration forms . "  It just seems as if the train has gone off the tracks , " said Deirdre Macnab , president of the League of Women Voters of Florida . "  The lack of justification of these laws . It 's an extraordinary movement toward disenfranchisement of these voters . It 's shocking in a state that has had a history of voter suppression . " Florida 's efforts to crack down on illegal voting through strict new laws are part of a national trend . Thirty-two states have put in place varying degrees of voter identification laws , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Some of the states that have the most stringent requirements are also states that have seen an increase in their minority population . Florida has the nation 's third largest Hispanic population . It is also a deeply partisan state where "  the Republicans have made a concerted effort to try and limit turnout by Democratic-leaning voters , " said CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin "  After the midterm elections in 2010 , lots of Republican-leaning states passed efforts to limit voting , " Toobin said . "  What 's particularly noticeable is the effort in Florida because the state has such a history in this area . " State officials say they welcome the spotlight and stand by the purge . "  There is naturally going to be more scrutiny of a state the size of Florida which has such a significant influence on national politics , " Cate said . "  But we hold ourselves to a high standard and expect Floridians to hold us to a high standard , as well , because we recognize how important it is to have fair elections . " In the meantime , voters like Quarles are waiting to see if the 2012 elections are a déjà vu . "  I agree with folks wanting to clean up the voter rosters , " Quarles said . "  But being skeptical the way I am , I want to see who is picking and choosing whose getting kicked off . "	2000 cemented Florida 's reputation as a place where elections sometimes go awry Voting rights groups and Florida elections officials are facing off over strict new laws Political experts say partisanship at play in state 's voter purge
CNN  -- Businesses are increasingly moving their data storage to big , purpose-built facilities around the world , according to the CEO of Outsourcery -- the UK 's leading cloud computing firm . The growing stream of data that need to be stored is prompting companies to look at alternative ways to keeping the information , rather than simply storing it office-based servers . "  In the informational economy , data is everything , " explained Outsourcery CEO Piers Linney . "  If you go down for whatever reason , you lose everything . " The Nordic region is positioning itself as an ideal location for data-storage centers , with its cold climate helping the sophisticated , high-powered equipment to remain cool . "  Half of our power is used to cool these things down , " says Linney . "  If we are in a cooler climate like in the Nordic region it lowers our costs , increases our margins , which means we can offer a lower price to the end user . " Outsourcery is not the only company looking to store data in Scandanavia . A small town in northern Sweden has managed to lure the world 's biggest social networking site to establish storage centers there . Construction is currently underway for Facebook 's data storage facilities in Lulea -- a town of only around 50,000 residents . "  They need to improve their capacity because they have more customers outside the U.S. than in the U.S. , so that means they have to be closer to their customers , " says Matz Engman , CEO of the Lulea Business Agency . Lulea 's cold climate serves as natural way to cool the servers , and the town has cheap and plentiful electricity . Local authorities hope other technology companies will follow Facebook and develop their storage centers in the town .	Businesses are moving data storage to purpose-built facilities , says cloud computing CEO The Nordic region is positioning itself as an ideal location for data storage centers The small Swedish town of Lulea has managed to lure Facebook to locate its storage center there
CNN  -- Emerging from victory , Park Geun-hye who will become the next president of South Korea -- the first woman for the Asian nation -- pledged to "  take care of our people one-by-one . " In a speech made at the headquarters of her Saenuri political party Thursday morning , she invoked a phrase coined by her father , Park Chung-hee , who also served as president in an era when he was encouraging people to pull South Korea out of poverty . "  I would like to re-create the miracle of ` let 's live well ' so people can worry less about their livelihood and young people can happily go to work , " said Park . Park , 60 , will assume office in February , in a country grappling with income inequality , angst over education and employment prospects for its youth , and strained relations with North Korea . South Korea is also a strategic Western ally and the fourth-largest economy in Asia . Park won 52 % of the vote , compared with 48 % for her rival , Moon Jae-in of the Democratic United Party , according to the country 's National Election Commission . Both the president-elect and Moon , the liberal candidate , had similarly moderate plans , addressing income inequality , reigning in the power of family-owned conglomerates and improving relations with North Korea . "  This was n't the knockdown , drag out , left-against-right type of campaign , " said David Kang , professor of international relations and business at the University of Southern California . "  There 's a surprising consensus about taking a more moderate stance . " "  I think Park won by acting to the center . Her claims are that she 's going to moderate many of the policies of the previous administration . " Park acknowledged Moon and his supporters Thursday . "  I believe there is common ground between myself and Moon Jae-in , " she said . "  We are both willing to work for the country and for the people of South Korea . "  Whether you were for or against me , I want to hear your opinions . I will try to stop the separation and conflict that has been going on for the last half century through reconciliation and harmony . " Park of the Saenuri party , won the highest office in a conservative Asian nation with traditional gender values . Read more : South Korea 's election paradox Just because a woman has won the presidency , it does n't mean South Korea has achieved everything it needs in terms of gender equality , said Kang , who is also director of Korean Studies Institute at USC . "  That a woman could be elected in South Korea is historic and important . At the same time , what you basically have to do is be political royalty . So I think gender roles are changing in South Korea . It 's a step forward , but let 's also remember how unique she is as a person . " Park is the daughter of former President Park Chung-hee , whose legacy left the Korean public divided . Some claim he was a dictator who ignored human rights and cracked down on dissent , while others credit him with bringing economic development to South Korea . Her father was assassinated in 1979 . On Thursday , she paid her respects to her parents by visiting their graves at the National Cemetery in Seoul . As in many other elections around the world , the economy reigned as the No. 1 issue for South Korean voters . Park has made ambitious promises to address those anxieties . "  I will create a society in which no one is left behind and everyone can share the fruits of economic development , " she said . "  I believe that only this can bring unity , economic democratization and happiness for people . She also mentioned North Korea describing its recent rocket launch as a "  serious security situation . " Park received congratulatory messages from Korea 's outgoing President Lee Myung-bak as well as one from U.S. President Barack Obama . Read more : Pocket , not rocket , worries Koreans The United States and South Korea enjoy "  stable relations , " Kang said . "  Park is going to have to weigh U.S. as its main security ally and China as its main economic partner . That balancing act - keeping both with good relations - at some point , may become difficult , " he said .	Park Geun-hye will become next president of South Korea She pledged to take care of citizens in a time of economic anxiety South Korea is a strategic Western ally and Asia 's fourth-largest economy
CNN  -- Charlie Sheen , once TV 's highest-paid actor , is offering $ 1,000 to a waiter who got a 20 cent tip from wealthy football star LeSean McCoy . Sheen pledged the grand in a tweet to Tommy Up , the owner of Philadelphia 's PYT burger joint where McCoy , an Eagles running back , dined Monday afternoon . The "  Anger Management " actor was responding to a controversy cooked up after PYT waiter Rob Knelly noticed the tiny tip , which amounted to just .3 % of the $ 61.76 lunch tab . Sheen tweeted Wednesday : "  dear Tommy Up at PYT in Philly . Please tell Rob K I 'm pledging 1000 dollars to him for the tip debacle just wan na help . c #NoJudgement " The 26-year-old McCoy , who has a $ 45 million , 5-year contract with Philadelphia 's NFL team , has not directly responded to the restaurant 's beef , but a local sports reporter quotes him saying "  It 's bull **** , man . " Philadelphia Daily News writer Les Bowen also tweeted "  my understanding is , he was really ticked about service . But org wishes he 'd handled it differently . He understands " PYT owner Tommy Up posted the receipt on his Facebook page and tweeted it to the world . Many Eagles fans objected to his apparent effort to shame the popular player -- whose nickname is "  Shady . " "  I decided to take action after some serious thought , " Up wrote on Facebook . "  And while I 'd like to apologize to Mr McCoy , I can not in good conscience do so . I stand by my actions one hundred percent . " He disputed the suggestion that McCoy had been given bad service , justifying the minuscule tip . Up said he was sitting nearby watching . "  They were given excellent service . Impeccable service . If anything , our server was a little nervous as was our food runner , because they are big , big fans . " The owner accused McCoy and his friends of being "  verbally abusive to our staff in the most insulting ways . " As for Charlie Sheen , he tweeted that he was "  an American hero and a gentleman . " CNN first learned of Sheen 's offer through Twitter .	A Philadephia waiter claims Eagles running back LeSean McCoy left 20 cent tip The tweeted receipt raised the heat , drawing Charlie Sheen 's offer to help McCoy tells a reporter the tip controversy is "  bull **** , man " Burger joint owner calls Sheen "  an American hero "
CNN  -- A Russian heavy missile cruiser stopped three pirate ships off the coast of Somalia , and detained 10 pirates , according to a statement released Friday by Russian Navy headquarters in Moscow . Russian missile cruiser "  Peter the Great " moored in Cape Town , South Africa , last month . The cruiser , Peter the Great , halted two small high-speed motor boats and a mid-size , support vessel on Thursday , the Russians said . "  Ten pirates have been detained . All of them are citizens of Somalia , " the press release obtained by CNN stated . "  Officials from the Northern Fleet 's military prosecutor 's office are currently questioning the detainees aboard the Peter the Great . Their future will be decided in coordination with the Russian Foreign and Justice ministries . " The Russians said a Russian helicopter Ka-27 , which took off from the cruiser , had located two small boats , which were moving toward an Iranian fishing vessel at high speed last Thursday . When those in the boats spotted the helicopter overhead , the boats began slowing down , then veered off toward their support vessel , which was adrift nearby . The helicopter crew could see pirates in the two motor boats throwing weapons into the sea , and kept chasing the boats until the Russian cruiser arrived in the area . "  The three boats were  captured and  delivered to the Peter the Great , and ten Somalian pirates were taken aboard . "  The detainees possessed weapons , including a G-3 rifle , an Ak-47 , two AKMS machine-guns , two grenade-launchers and two anti-infantry grenades , and also had a GPS receiver , a ladder , 500 grams of drugs , a large amount of money , a bag of sugar and a bag of rice . The detained pirates were high on drugs , " the press release said . Meanwhile , Somali pirates have released a Panamanian-flagged , Japanese-owned vessel that was hijacked in the Gulf of Aden in November , according to a non-governmental group that monitors piracy . The ship , named the MT Chemstar Venus , was released late Thursday , according to Ecoterra International . The 18 Filipino and five South Korean crew members were reportedly unharmed . The International Maritime Board , a group that also monitors piracy , told CNN that the company had not confirmed the release of the ship , but said shipping companies sometimes wait a few days before going public to ensure the safety of the crew . The ship was hijacked on November 15 . It was unclear whether the pirates were paid a ransom to release the ship . This incident comes a week after Somali pirates released a Ukrainian ship carrying tanks , ammunition and crew after receiving a ransom of $ 3.2 million . -- CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	Russian cruiser halted two small high-speed motor boats and a support vessel Russia : 10 pirates have been detained -- all of them are citizens of Somalia MT Chemstar Venus released late Thursday , Ecoterra International says Follows release of Ukrainian ship carrying tanks after a $ 3.2 M ransom was paid
CNN  -- It was the kind of experience I could n't make up . A few weeks ago , my husband and I were invited to a large dinner party . After we arrived , we were seated at a round table with four other couples . Introductions were made , and glasses of wine were poured . Kids and sports were discussed . Then , out of the blue , one of the men at the table made an announcement . "  Tom 's wife writes Amish romances , " he said while smiling , almost as if I should be embarrassed that he divulged my secret . My husband squeezed my hand , told how I write inspirational romances and said he was proud of me . The conversation moved on . I picked up my fork , ready to dig into my salad and listen to everyone else talk . Really , that 's what I do best . But then I realized everyone was staring at me . "  You write religious books ? " one of the women asked . "  About people in buggies ? " I nodded . And then came the million-dollar question : "  Why ? " Of all the answers brewing inside of me , only one came to mind ; the one answer that still feels the best : It gives me joy and enriches my readers ' lives . Well , that 's it in a nutshell , as one of my characters would say . I feel lucky to spend much of my days writing about people loving the Lord and falling in love at the same time . I do n't feel those two things are mutually exclusive . Being a Christian is part of who I am , just like me being left-handed . It would be impossible to park my faith on the sidelines , pulling it out only on Sundays when it 's time for church . I do n't think I 'm alone in this . Several articles have appeared lately in the media about the popularity of inspirational romances . The Wall Street Journal , Business Week and USA Today have noticed the popularity of inspirational fiction -- "  bonnet romances " in particular . It 's become one of the most profitable industries in publishing . Since I 'm a working writer , I 'm glad of that . But in my heart , I also see the need for this genre . In today 's society , it 's hard not to be blindsided by swearing , violence or suggestive language . Things that used to be thought of as unmentionable are now on television and in movies , and of course , in books . There 's a large market for entertainment that pushes the envelope . I certainly do n't shield myself against all of this . But sometimes , it 's nice to know that there 's a haven for people who do n't necessarily want to spend their time around those elements . And that 's where the inspirational market comes in . My readers know if they pick up one of my novels , they wo n't be shocked by anything in its pages . Furthermore , I work very hard to ensure that my characters will be spiritually challenged and lifted . I want my readers to believe in love and romance and maybe even God 's grace by the time they read the last page . I enjoy Amish inspirational novels because they depict a lifestyle that is vastly different from mine . Like a lot of other women my age , I 'm busy working , running to my children 's sporting events and doing a hundred other activities that seem to take up too much time and leave me exhausted . However , in my Amish-themed novels , the pace is slower . Driving to town in a buggy means there 's time to look at the flowers on the side of the road , or to actually talk to the person you 're sitting next to . There 's a quiet appeal to a way of life that does n't involve computers , cell phones , traffic , radios or GPS systems . In the Amish community , family and faith are integral to every decision -- and with that comes comfort . When I write about my characters spending the morning in prayer , passing an afternoon canning with friends or piecing a quilt for a charity auction , I wish I were doing those things , too . And when my characters speak with absolute certainty that the Lord is with them , I also yearn to feel that way . I feel fortunate to be able to spend my days writing inspirational fiction , and even talking about it to people at a dinner party . And though people were still smirking at me at the end of the dinner , I 'm hopeful that maybe one or two of them will pick up an inspirational novel from the shelves and give it a try . They might be pleasantly surprised .	Shelley Shepard Gray writes Amish romances , also known as bonnet romances She says she writes because "  It gives me joy and enriches my readers ' lives " In her books , the pace is slower , and family and faith are integral to every decision
CNN  -- A federal judge in Pennsylvania has dismissed Gov. Tom Corbett 's antitrust lawsuit against the NCAA over its sanctions against Penn State University following the Jerry Sandusky child sex abuse scandal . U.S. District Judge Yvette Kane called the lawsuit "  a Hail Mary pass " in her ruling , even as she expressed some sympathy for Corbett 's arguments . But in the end , she said , the governor 's complaint does n't meet the legal standards of an antitrust case . "  The governor 's complaint implicates the extraordinary power of a non-governmental entity to dictate the course of an iconic public institution , and raises serious questions about the indirect economic impact of NCAA sanctions on innocent parties , " Kane wrote . "  These are important questions deserving of public debate , but they are not antitrust questions . " The NCAA levied unprecedented sanctions against the university last July , fining it $ 60 million and stripping 14 seasons of football victories from late head coach Joe Paterno . "  These sanctions did not punish Sandusky , " or those who allegedly helped cover up his repeated sexual abuse of disadvantaged children , Corbett said at the time . The NCAA argued that antitrust cases affect commercial activity , while its athletes are amateurs . But Kane said the organization 's actions in the Sandusky case go beyond previous actions "  related to amateurism and fair play held to be non-commercial . " "  In another forum , " Kane wrote , Corbett 's "  appeal to equity and common sense may win the day . But in the antitrust world these arguments fail to advance the ball . " Sandusky , 68 , was convicted last June on 45 counts of child sex abuse , ranging from corruption of minors to involuntary deviate sexual intercourse , which were laid out in graphic testimony by his accusers over the course of the less-than-two-week trial . In October , he was sentenced to 30 to 60 years in prison , meaning he 'll likely die behind bars . Paterno , who coached at Penn State for 46 years , was fired after Sandusky 's arrest in November 2011 . He had been the all-time leader in major college football victories for a coach , with 409 wins . The NCAA 's decision strikes 111 of those from his record , beginning in 1998 -- a move that posthumously bumps him from the top of the list . A university-funded review of the scandal , led by former FBI Director Louis Freeh , accused former university president Graham Spanier , Paterno , suspended Athletic Director Tim Curley and ex-Vice President Gary Schultz of taking part in a cover-up to avoid bad publicity . The scandal led to Spanier 's ouster and shocked the nation after Freeh 's team concluded that the school 's top administrators had "  empowered " Sandusky , the former defensive coordinator for the football team , to continue his abuse . The school 's $ 60 million fine is expected to be paid over five years and will fund an endowment with a mission of fighting child sex abuse and supporting victims .	Pennsylvania 's governor sued the NCAA over its sanctions on Penn State Jude describes the lawsuit as a "  Hail Mary pass " and dismisses it She calls the questions raised "  deserving of public debate " but "  not antitrust questions "
CNN  -- A Washington think tank celebrated Prince Harry on Monday night for his humanitarian efforts , with the British royal deflecting the praise by offering his own salute to wounded war veterans . Harry was among the guests of honor at the event marking the 50th anniversary of the Atlantic Council , which describes itself as a "  nonpartisan institution devoted to promoting transatlantic cooperation and international security . " The grandson of Queen Elizabeth II arrived around 6:15 p.m. at the Washington Ritz-Carlton in a black tux , with photographers yelling his name and a few girls shrieking as he walked inside . Less than two hours later , former U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell took the stage to formally present Prince Harry with the council 's Distinguished Humanitarian Leadership Award , an honor most recently bestowed on U2 frontman and activist Bono . Third in line to the British throne , Harry is a captain and Apache helicopter pilot in Britain 's Army Air Corps . Powell , himself a longtime soldier and one-time U.S. Joint Chiefs chairman , was quick to point that out . He also joked that thanks to the 27-year-old royal , "  We have a record number of young , single women attending  the Atlantic Council awards dinner  this year . More seriously , Powell cheered Harry -- like his brother , William -- for embracing "  the noble traditions of service to his country and to his fellow human beings . " He singled out their work with veterans through Help for Heroes , Walking with the Wounded and other such programs . "  The loving effort that Princess Diana made to teach her sons the importance of serving others has touched  their  hearts and souls , " said Powell . "  They have acted together in support of veterans ' charities ... and the impact of  that  work is already very , very significant . " Harry then took the stage , admitting it was a "  truly humbling and a little terrifying " to follow Powell and that he did not "  feel that I have done nearly enough to deserve " the award . Still , he said he 'd accept it "  on behalf of my brother , William , our foundation  and  all those guys on both sides of the Atlantic who work so tirelessly to support our veterans . " He paid special tribute to troops who have been scarred in one way or another while serving their nations , stressing the importance of giving them supporting well after they leave the battlefield . "  They have paid a terrible price to keep us safe and free , " Harry said . "  The very least we owe them is to make sure that they and their brave families have everything they need through their darkest days -- and , in time , regain the hope and confidence to flourish again . "  For these selfless people , it  is  after the guns have fallen silent  and  the din of battle quieted that the real fight begins -- a fight that may last for the rest of their lives . " Hours before the event , the prince met with injured soldiers at an event at the British Embassy in Washington . It is his first trip to the capital , although not to the United States . He went to the deserts of Arizona and California last year to take part in helicopter training . And it comes after William and his new wife , Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , were met with huge and enthusiastic crowds during their visit last year to the United States and Canada . In addition to Harry , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon received the Atlantic Council 's Distinguished International Leadership Award , which was presented by another former U.S. secretary of state , Henry Kissinger . Others honored by the organization , which runs programs focused on security , cooperation , economics , the environment and which centers on the Middle East , Africa and Asia , were Unilever CEO Paul Polman and violinist Anne-Sophie Mutter .	NEW : Colin Powell jokes Prince Harry 's presence draws "  record number of young , single women " NEW : He receives the Atlantic Council 's Distinguished Humanitarian Leadership Award NEW : The prince salutes troops who "  have paid a terrible price to keep us safe and free " Others honored include U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , Unilever CEO Paul Polman
Washington  CNN  -- The closer Congress gets to voting on whether to back President Barack Obama 's call for a military attack on Syria , the more election politics influences the debate . Splits exist on both the left and right , revealing the political calculations of Washington regarding next year 's congressional elections and the 2016 presidential vote . While the 2014 contests faced by every House member and a third of the Senate are more proximate , the machinations at work in debating and acting on the Syria issue also are heavily focused on the balloting three years from now to choose Obama 's successor . An expected Republican presidential contender , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , on Wednesday demonstrated the art of present and future political messaging in his statement explaining why he voted against a resolution authorizing limited military strikes in response to what he agreed was Syria 's use of banned chemical weapons . Rubio blamed the Obama administration for mishandling U.S. reaction to Syria 's civil war , with help from Republican isolationists , by failing to strongly back opposition rebels when the conflict erupted in 2011 . While he called then for "  a more robust engagement " to help the Syrian people topple Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad , Rubio said , he never advocated the use of U.S. military might in the conflict . "  Had we forcefully engaged in empowering moderate rebels , today we would have more and better options before us , " he said . "  But instead , unfortunately , the president , with the support of some voices in my own party , chose to let others lead instead . And now we are dealing with the consequences of that inaction . " That stance protected his conservative credentials by asserting military expertise , and also implicitly criticized two potential rivals for the White House in 2016 -- former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and GOP Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky . As Obama 's top diplomat , Clinton is automatically associated with the administration 's response to the Syrian crisis until she stepped down early this year and was succeeded by John Kerry , a veteran Democratic senator . House Dems proving tough sell for Obama on Syria Clinton , who had pushed for arming the Syrian rebels but was overruled by Obama , is considered the frontrunner for the Democratic presidential nomination if she decides to run , which is widely expected . Her only statement so far on the current Syria question , issued by an aide , backed Obama 's decision to seek congressional support for a military response . Meanwhile , the libertarian Paul follows the same non-intervention policies espoused by his father , former GOP Rep. Ron Paul of Texas , who mounted several unsuccessful runs for president . Like Rubio , Rand Paul also voted against the Syria authorization measure at Wednesday 's meeting of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , which passed it by a 10-7 margin . To distinguish himself from Paul , Rubiov used his statement to directly attack what he called isolationist policies , saying : "  Just because we ignore global problems does n't mean they will ignore us . " "  Instead , they become bigger and harder to solve , and sadly , Syria is just the latest example of that fundamental truth , " Rubio said . Another leading conservative voice , former U.S. Sen. Rick Santorum , adopted a similar stance to Rubio on Thursday , even though he had called for possible air strikes on Syria in March 2012 when he was seeking the Republican presidential nomination . "  Had President Obama and then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton acted then in support of pro-democracy forces when that rebellion was taking place , we could have removed Assad and helped usher in stability for that country , " Santorum said in a statement . "  But we have a very different situation today . After nearly two years , 100,000 people killed , a rebel force comprised of al Qaeda and a Syrian regime in a much stronger position , a military strike would no longer be in our national security interest . " The positions of Rubio and Santorum follow a game plan laid out this week by Republican strategist Alex Castellanos , a CNN contributor , that called for GOP legislators to reject Obama 's push for congressional authorization to attack Syria . Though Obama "  has told the country he has the power to intercede in Syria , he would like to make Congress ` President for a Day ' so members can share his responsibility , " Castellanos wrote in an opinion piece this week . "  Should Syria turn into a car wreck that lasts for years and further destabilizes what Obama 's weakness has wrought in the Middle East , the president would prefer to be one of 536 decision-makers , " he added , imploring House Republicans to block any vote on authorization . The big debate : Should U.S. strike Syria ? Obama wants to punish al-Assad for what the United States calls a major chemical weapons attack on August 21 that killed more than 1,400 people in suburban Damascus . He argues a failure to act puts at risk the credibility of international treaties banning weapons of mass destruction , which would represent a threat to the world . Lacking international backing so far , the president is seeking congressional backing despite his insistence he has the power to order attacks based on national security interests . However , support in Congress for a resolution authorizing limited military strikes -- expected to be missiles launched from Navy ships -- appears tenuous at this point despite intense lobbying by the president and top officials including Kerry . Passage by the Democratic-led Senate is more likely than in the Republican-led House , but both parties lack unity on the issue so far . Liberal Democrats who traditionally oppose war in any form reject the idea , as do libertarian Republicans like Paul who say it 's none of our business . Among those in the middle from either side , the main questions are whether the limited strikes Obama proposes will work , and if unintended consequences will lead to U.S. involvement in another war halfway around the world after more than a decade of fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  We do n't know what 's going to happen the day after we bomb , " Democratic Rep. Bill Pascrell of New Jersey said Thursday on CNN . The Senate version of the resolution approved by the Foreign Relations Committee sets a 60-day deadline for use of force in Syria , with an option for an additional 30 days . An amendment accepted by the panel from Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona and Democratic Sen. Christopher Coons of Delaware added language to say the military response was intended to reverse Assad 's battlefield momentum , a stronger objective than had been outlined by administration officials . The resolution also makes clear there would be no U.S. boots on the ground as part of a response in Syria . It now goes to the full Senate for an expected vote next week , when the House also will take up the issue . Interactive : How the House and Senate will vote . A concern for House members and senators facing re-election next year is a primary challenge by a more extreme candidate who could attack them for backing the president 's proposed military move . Already , Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and veteran GOP Sen. Mike Enzi of Wyoming face primary races against opponents claiming stronger conservative credentials . Both McConnell and Enzi are undecided on a military response in Syria . With polls showing public opposition to a military attack on Syria , legislators are facing pressure at home . Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California , who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee , acknowledged Thursday that her constituents do n't like the resolution . "  Every day I get a report on what the calls are , where the calls are coming from , what the nature of the argument is and there is no question that what is coming in is overwhelmingly negative , " said Feinstein , who then added that "  they do n't know what I know , they have n't heard what I 've heard . " A supporter of a military response in Syria who won re-election last year , Feinstein I like to believe now after 20 years I have some skill in separating the wheat from the chaff in this thing . " However , GOP Rep. Matt Salmon of Arizona said he remained unconvinced . "  I agree that there are sometimes that you need to just go out and lead and do what you believe is the right thing to do and hope that you can convince the people to follow , " Salmon told CNN . "  But , right now , I do n't think that this administration has provided a very , very winning argument or series of arguments that we should engage in this conflict . " Syria : What do the neighbors think of potential Western strikes ? CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , Ashley Killough , Deirdre Walsh and J. Byron Wolf contributed to this report .	The 2014 and 2016 elections influence how Congress will vote on a Syria strike Possible White House contenders craft political messages Splits exist in both parties on ideological and political grounds Legislators fear backing military action could bring primary challenges
CNN  -- Miley Cyrus has a message for the haters : You are overthinking it . The singer has broken her silence regarding the MTV Video Music Awards performance that set tongues wagging  and some other parts shaking as folks tried to imitate her twerking  . Cyrus , in an interview feature on that network 's site , said she does n't "  pay attention to the negative . " Wait , Miley did what ?! "  Me and Robin  Thicke  the whole time said , ` You know we 're about to make history right now , ' " Cyrus said in a clip provided to MTV . Cyrus ' dance routine and provocative outfit were the talk of the VMAs , and the former child star is fully aware they have garnered her what most celebs covet -- the public 's attention . Opinion : Miley is sexual , get over it She points out in the clip that what she did is nothing new . Let 's not let Robin Thicke off the hook "  How many times have we seen this play out in pop music ? " Cyrus asked . "  Madonna 's done it , Britney 's done it . Every VMA performance . Anyone that performs , that 's what you 're looking for . You are wanting to make history . " Miley Cyrus upholds MTV VMA tradition She goes on to say in the clip , which was reportedly recorded three days after the performance , that it 's amazing how much buzz the whole thing has garnered . "  You are thinking about it more than I thought about it when I did it , " Cyrus said . "  I did n't even think about it when I did it because that 's just me . " There 's something  potentially dangerous  about molly	Miley Cyrus speaks out on her controversial performance She said it 's to be expected at the MTV Video Music Awards Cyrus said the public is thinking about it more than she did
CNN  -- A Chinese man captured by federal agents in 2011 has pleaded guilty in a federal court for pirating copyrighted software worth more than $ 100 million , officials of ICE announced Tuesday . Xiang Li , 36 , of Chengdu will be sentenced May 3 , by a judge in Wilmington , Delaware , and could receive a sentence of up to 25 years . Authorities last April disclosed that Li had been captured by agents of Homeland Security Investigations in Saipan in the Northern Mariana Islands . "  Li mistakenly thought he was safe ... hiding halfway around the world in cyberspace anonymity , " ICE Director John Morton said Tuesday . An alleged co-conspirator , Chun Yan Li , remains a fugitive and is believed to be in Chengdu , ICE says . Officials say the men were indicted by a Delaware grand jury on charges of software piracy and illegally exporting technology to China . Li admitted to selling the pirated materials through his website Crack99 which authorities say harmed more than 150 U.S. companies . They were sold to thousands of customers in 28 states and 60 foreign countries . The software covered a wide range of applications used in manufacturing , engineering , space exploration , storm water management , explosives simulation and manufacturing plant design . One of their largest customers was a former electronics engineer at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland , who pleaded guilty to copyright infringement last April . Officials said Cosburn Wedderburn had purchased more than $ 1 million in pirated software from the Chinese conspirators .	Xiang Li was charged with pirating software worth more than $ 100 million He faces sentencing in May and could receive up to 25 years in prison An alleged co-conspirator is believed to be in Chengdu , China NASA electronics engineer
CNN  -- Japan 's re-emergence into global motorsport has gathered pace after Suzuki confirmed it will return to elite motorbike racing in 2015 . Suzuki withdrew from MotoGP at the end of the 2011 season , blaming the global recession for its decision to leave the sport , but has had a rethink to partly help develop its range of bikes . "  Suzuki Motor Corporation has organized its test team to undergo more practical running tests at its advanced development stage and will participate in the official joint testing to be held at the Catalunya circuit in Spain , " said a Suzuki statement . "  Through continuing running tests at the circuits inside and outside Japan for further development and refinement , Suzuki will participate again in MotoGP racing from 2015 . "  Suzuki will feed back advanced technology to be derived through MotoGP racing activity to develop further attractive production models . " Japan 's Nobuatsu Aoki and current Aspar Racing team rider Randy de Puniet were in the saddle as Suzuki made its return to the track during Monday 's official test event at the Circuit de Catalunya . "  I am satisfied because the first test at Motegi was quite good and now we are at a GP track , with most of the other riders and running in the same conditions , " France 's De Puniet told the sport 's official website after Monday 's first run . "  I think we did a great job because I 'm only seven tenths slower than the best lap time today and after only 50 or 60 laps ; all of the other riders have already been here for three days . I am satisfied , but think we could be even faster if we had one more day . "  Anyway , it 's a good start because we now go to Aragon for a two-day test , so I really hope to do the same job and have the same feeling with the bike . " Suzuki 's return follows Honda 's decision to make its Formula One comeback by agreeing to supply engines to the McLaren team from 2015 onwards . Suzuki boasts a two-wheel racing heritage which dates back to the 1970s , with Britain 's Barry Sheene winning the 500c world championship in 1976 . Five further championships followed , with the last being won by American Kenny Roberts Jr. in 2000 .	Suzuki to rejoin MotoGP for the 2015 season The Japanese manufacturer pulled out of the sport in 2011 Nobuatsu Aoki and Randy De Puniet rode for the team in Monday 's test Honda will return to Formula One in 2015 , supplying engines to McLaren
It 's the one fact about Mexico that you probably did n't know . The country 's name is not really Mexico , at least not officially . After gaining independence from Spain in 1821 , Mexico officially became the "  United Mexican States . " The American independence movement had inspired Mexican leaders of that era and since Mexico , in fact , also was a territory composed of states , the name stuck and became official in 1824 . But the reality is the official name is used only by Mexican officials who deal with diplomatic protocol and official documents pertaining to international relations . For the rest of Mexicans -- and the world -- the country is simply known as Mexico . Mexicans feeling persecuted flee U.S. That 's why outgoing Mexican President Felipe Calderon on Thursday sent to the Mexican Congress a piece of legislation to change the country 's name officially to simply Mexico . Calderon , a conservative president better known for his war on drug cartels and organized crime , is literally in his last days in office . Enrique Pena Nieto , who was elected in July , takes office on December 1 . It 's still too early to know if the new Mexican Congress will quickly act on Calderon 's bill or tackle other more pressing matters like security and the economy . In announcing his decision to propose officially changing his country 's name , Calderon said Thursday the name United Mexican States was originally taken because back in 1824 the United States of America was an example of democracy and liberty for the new independent nations in the Americas . Opinion : To-do list for Obama and Mexico 's new president "  It 's time that we Mexicans retake the beauty and simplicity of our motherland 's name : Mexico .  It 's  a name that we use when chanting or singing , a name that identifies us throughout the world and that makes us proud , " Calderon said . "  Mexico " is a word first used by the Aztecs in their original nahuatl language . The indigenous tribe founded a city called Tenochtitlan in the valley now occupied by the modern Mexico City . That original city was conquered by the Spanish in 1521 . Mexico gained its independence from Spain in 1821 . In Spanish , Mexicans pronounce the "  x " in Mexico as a hard "  h. " Opinion : Racism in plain view in Mexico	In 1821 , the country was officially dubbed the "  United Mexican States " Its leaders were inspired by the American independence movement Outgoing Mexican President Felipe Calderon has proposed making it just "  Mexico "
CNN  -- Organs donated by a slain Oakland , California , police officer saved four lives , and his donated tissue will enhance the lives of up to 50 others , the California Transplant Donor Network said Wednesday . Officer John Hege was one of four police officers fatally shot Saturday in Oakland , California . Officer John Hege , 41 , was pronounced brain dead on Sunday but was kept on life support pending a decision on organ donation . He was the fourth Oakland officer to die after a gunman fired on police in two weekend incidents . "  Officer Hege was registered on the Donate Life California Organ and Tissue Registry , which his family also supports , " the donor network said in a news release . "  He chose in death as he did in life to help those in need . His organ donations saved the lives of four adult males from California . " Hege 's liver , kidneys and heart were donated , the network said , and the transplants were successfully completed Tuesday and early Wednesday . In a written statement , Hege 's family said , "  Our son John never met a stranger . " "  John 's courage and strength was enhanced by his ability to perceive the realities of life , " the family said in the statement . "  In June 2008 , he registered on the Donate Life California Organ and Tissue Donor Registry . We completely and proudly support his decision , and it gives us a great deal of comfort to know that four individuals have received the gift of life because of our selfless and beloved John . "  Even in death he gave to the lives of those in our community whom he had always loved and supported . " Hege had been with the Oakland police force about 10 years . The man accused of shooting the officers -- Lovelle Mixon , 26 , of Oakland -- was fatally shot in a gun battle with SWAT officers in an apartment complex where he was hiding , police said . Authorities said Saturday night that Mixon had an extensive criminal history and was in violation of parole for assault with a deadly weapon . The incidents began about 1 p.m. Saturday in east Oakland , when two motorcycle officers tried to pull over a car for a "  fairly routine traffic stop , " said Dave Kozicki , deputy police chief . Emergency dispatchers received reports that two officers had been shot and needed help , he said . Those officers were Hege and Sgt. Mark Dunakin , 40 , an 18-year veteran of the force . Dunakin died Saturday . Police launched an intense manhunt to track down the gunman . An anonymous caller directed authorities to a building on an adjacent street where the man was believed to be barricaded , acting Police Chief Howard Jordan said . The gunman fired on SWAT officers who entered the apartment , hitting two of them before police shot and killed the man , Jordan said . Those two officers -- Sgt. Ervin Romans , 43 , and Sgt. Daniel Sakai , 35 -- died . Police said Romans had been with the department since 1996 and Sakai since 2000 . A fifth officer who was grazed by a bullet was treated at a hospital and released , police spokesman Jeff Thomason said Saturday .	John Hege , three other Oakland police officers fatally wounded over weekend Officer was brain dead Sunday , kept on life support pending organ decision Hege 's organs saved lives of four men , donor network says Hege 's family : Knowing donations helped others "  gives us a great deal of comfort "
BETHLEHEM , West Bank  CNN  -- Hundreds of Christians packed the Church of the Nativity on Thursday for a midnight Mass in what is thought to be the birthplace of Jesus Christ . A worshipper touches a star at the point where tradition says Jesus Christ was born in the Church of Nativity . The standing-room-only service included singing and organ music . There were also large crowds outside the church , one of the most sacred places in Christianity . So many people had flocked to the area this Christmas season that there were no rooms left at the inns and hotels in Bethlehem . Some took this as a sign that tourism in Bethlehem was on the upswing . Christmas is the one time of year when the West Bank 's small , shrinking Christian communities show everyone else that they are still there . Before the midnight Mass , Palestinian scout groups representing Christians throughout the West Bank did as they always do on this day -- they marched , banging their drums loudly and , in a way , trying to make a point . Watch Bethlehem 's Christmas celebrations " The drumbeat has been heard by more and more people , locals say , as tourism has skyrocketed this year . "  This year , tourism is much better than last year -- we reached 1,250,000 , " said Victor Batarseh , the mayor of Bethlehem . "  All our hotels are full around Christmastime . We have 30,000 tourists coming in . " Tourists in record numbers were on hand this year , braving an unusually cold , gray and windy day to watch the parade of drums and holiday songs . "  It 's kind of neat to see it in the Middle East , and they 're playing Christmas carols and the songs we know , " said one American tourist . "  I 'm loving it , it 's just been an incredible atmosphere and just a wonderful learning experience , " said another . The Latin Patriarch in Jerusalem also came to the birthplace of Jesus , as he does every Christmas Eve , allowed through normally tightly shut gates by Israeli troops . The heavy security is a testament to ongoing conflict between Israel and the Palestinians . "  My Christmas wish is that we will have real peace , based on justice and freedom , " said Mustafa Barghouti , a Palestinian parliament member . "  My Christmas wish is that the justice that Jesus Christ gave his life for will happen sometime in his birthplace in Palestine . " CNN 's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	Hundreds of Christians pack Church of the Nativity Thursday for midnight Mass The church is thought to be the birthplace of Jesus Christ Large crowds gathered outside the church -- one of Christianity 's most sacred places
Editor 's note : Mike Galanos hosts "  Prime News " from 5-7 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays on HLN . "  Prime News " uses the day 's most powerful headlines as a starting point for diverse perspectives , spirited debate and your points of view . Mike Galanos says child pornography charges are too harsh for teens caught "  sexting . " ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- "  Sexting . " Have parents out there ever even heard of this term ? Whether you want to admit it or not , teenagers are sending sexual messages and naked pictures of themselves to their boyfriends and girlfriends . In most cases it 's the girl sending a picture or message to the guy . If you 're thinking to yourself right now , "  What 's the big deal ? " then you should think again . This practice can ruin our teenagers ' lives . Six teens in Greensburg , Pennsylvania , were charged as juveniles with possessing child pornography after three girls sent nude or semi-nude pictures of themselves to three boys . It gets even worse . A 13-year-old boy in Middletown , Ohio , is facing felony pandering obscenities charges after taping a sex act and showing it to friends at a skating party . A felony ? Yes this kid needs to be punished but we do n't need our 13 or 14-year-olds charged with child porn and lumped in with adult pedophiles and labeled as sex offenders . I 've spoken with several attorneys on our show and it seems there is no one reason prosecutors are opting to charge teens with child porn instead of lesser charges . Some may be doing it to "  send a message . " Some may feel they have an obligation to charge these teens with the most serious offense possible and , according to the law , naked pictures of underage kids are usually considered child porn . And others may feel they are left with no options since there are n't really any laws that apply specifically to sexting . In any case , it 's clear we need to change our laws to catch up with technology . A great illustration of why change is needed now is the story of Phillip Alpert , of Orlando , Florida . He did n't ask , but his girlfriend sexted him naked pictures of herself , according to the Orlando Sentinel . When they broke up , he mass e-mailed the photos to get back at her . Alpert , 18 , was convicted of transmission of child porn and he will carry the label of "  sex offender " until he is 43 . He lost friends , was kicked out of school , he ca n't even move in with his dad because his dad lives near a school . Should Phillip be punished ? Yes . Should the six teens in Pennsylvania face consequences ? Yes . But let 's kick them off cheerleading squads and sports teams . Make them do community service and take classes on sex crimes . Educate other teens on the dangers of sexting . Pay a price , yes , but these young people should n't pay for this for the rest of their lives . And if you think this could n't happen to your kid , think again . Sexting is more prevalent than you think . The National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy teamed up with CosmoGirl.com and asked over 1,200 teens about their sexual behaviors in cyberspace . According to their study , 39 percent of teens  that 's ages 13-19  are sending or posting sexually suggestive messages over IM , text or e-mail and around the same number of teens are receiving such messages . Half of those teens , 20 percent , are sending or posting nude or semi-nude pictures of themselves . That 's frightening . Why are our kids doing this ? On our show , psychotherapist Stacy Kaiser said , "  What I 'm finding is a lot of girls are doing this because they 're hoping it will help them get or keep a boyfriend . " The numbers agree with Stacy . According to the study , 51 percent of girls say it 's "  pressure from guys " that 's making them send sexual messages and pictures of themselves . So guys are expecting this and our girls are saying "  OK . " It makes me wonder how much progress we 've really made in how young women are viewed and treated . The bottom line : We need to educate , not incarcerate , our teens and it has to start with parents . Do n't let the culture indoctrinate your little boy or girl about sex before their time . So strike first as a parent . If your kids are older , let them know a digital record is for life . When little Suzie tries to win the affection of little Bobby by sexting him a picture , she is putting her future at stake . There is no control over that image or video once it gets out . But that does n't mean little Suzie should be charged as a child pornographer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Galanos .	Mike Galanos : Teens are sending explicit photos of themselves to other kids He says parents should be aware of what 's happening and educate children Galanos : Sexting should be punished but not treated as child pornography
CNN  -- Hey girl ... Mr. Gosling is n't the only Ryan with his own stable of Internet memes any more . Whether it 's a texting secretary of state , a condescending candy magnate or an unimpressed gymnast , the Web ca n't help itself when it comes to turning current events into running online jokes . So , why should politics be any different ? Enter Paul Ryan . The Wisconsin congressman was well known among political junkies , but not so much to the general public before presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney tapped him Saturday as his running mate . Within hours , the Web greeted the conservative budget hawk with a host of humor , some of it new and some given new life after lying dormant during the long , hot Washington summer . Here are some of our favorites so far : ` Hey Girl , It 's Paul Ryan ' These women were meme-ing Ryan before meme-ing Ryan was cool . Back in May , the self-described "  Women who think fiscal sanity and conservative values are sexier than anything else " started a Tumblr feed featuring photos of Ryan with captions merging his politics with a smooth , "  hey baby " vibe . The blog borrowed from another Web meme : outings inspired by actor Ryan Gosling that include "  F -- Yeah Ryan Gosling " and "  Feminist Ryan Gosling . " Some Ryan examples : _ Hey girl ... you know I ca n't inflate our love . And that would just devalue it anyways . _ Hey girl ... unlike the debt , our love will never hit a ceiling . _ Hey girl ... I may be vying for # 2 but you 'll always be my # 1 _ Hey girl ... let 's get fiscal . Apparently they 're not alone in thinking deficit reduction is hot . According to Google stats , the most common term searched along with "  Paul Ryan " this weekend was "  vice president . " The second most common ? "  Shirtless . " The women had pretty much retired "  Hey Girl , It 's Paul Ryan " until Romney 's announcement on Saturday . It 's been off to the  presidential  races since then . Totally looks like ... OK , so it 's focusing just on that hairdo-defining widow 's peak of his , but the leading candidate for Ryan 's celebrity lookalike so far has been Eddie Munster -- the similarly peaked kid from "  The Munsters . " But that 's not all . Some folks see Gabe from "  The Office "  i.e. actor Zach Woods  . Others move a few cubicles down and compare him to "  Office " character Ryan  aka B.J. Novak , who 's already getting support from people who want him to play Ryan on "  Saturday Night Live . " Paul Ryan Gosling If the women behind the "  Hey Girl " blog are Ryan fans , it 's safe to guess that whoever took the joke to Twitter is not . Comically merging the politician with the actor , @PaulRyanGosling was born Saturday and has quickly attracted more than 23,000 followers . Some sample tweets : _ "  Hey girl , let 's get rid of Socialist Security ! " _ "  Hey girl , you do n't need Medicare for that hip replacement . You just need one of my hugs . " _ "  Hey girl , you ca n't spell Wisconsin without ` sin ' . " Whether his newfound Web fame will help or hurt Ryan politically is anyone 's guess -- although , in our mind , it 's hard to picture someone deciding who should run the country based on a Photoshopped image of Ryan posing in front of the Oscar Mayer Weinermobile .  Yes , he has apparently driven it . But there 's one thing we can all be sure of . McKayla is not impressed .	Internet memes welcome Paul Ryan to the presidential race "  Hey Girl , It 's Paul Ryan " revived on Tumblr after Romney announced his VP choice Supposed Ryan lookalikes range from "  The Office " actors to Eddie Munster
CNN  -- Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini bracketed his striker Sergio Aguero with Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo as one of the "  three best players in the world " after the Argentine led his side 's 6-0 rout of Tottenham Hotspur Sunday . Aguero contributed two goals in an all action display at the Etihad Stadium with Jesus Navas also grabbing a double , including an opener after just 14 seconds . Aguero 's strike partner Alvaro Negredo was on target and an own goal from Brazilian international Sandro made for an afternoon of sheer misery for Andre Villas-Boas ' visitors . It was a stunning reaffirmation of City 's title credentials and lifted them to fourth in the standings , while Tottenham on a poor recent run , dropped to ninth . For Pellegrini it was the ideal antidote to their inexplicable away form , they lost 1-0 at struggling Sunderland in the last match before the international break . "  The problem is away but I repeat : I do n't think we play so different away from home , " he told the official Manchester City website . "  I am absolutely sure that if we continue the way we are we will start to see results away . " At home , last year 's runners-up to city rivals Manchester United , are all but invincible , racking up six straight EPL wins and scoring 26 goals , including an earlier 7-0 defeat of Norwich . Tottenham were on the back foot from the moment goalkeeper Hugo Lloris blundered straight from the kick off to hand Navas the chance to score exquisitely from a tight angle . The visitors enjoyed their best spell of the match as they attempted to level , but in the 34th minute Lloris was at fault again with another poor kick . He saved from Aguero , but Negredo followed up and his volley found its way into the net via Sandro . Aguero then converted a low cross from Navas and five minutes into the second half he made it four with Yaya Toure providing the assist . Negredo and Navas added further goals as a Tottenham defense which had conceded just six goals all season disintegrated . "  Everything went wrong for us , it 's very hard to find explanations , " Villas-Boas said . City and Pellegrini 's day got better later Sunday as Manchester United were held 2-2 at promoted Cardiff having twice led . Wayne Rooney put the champions ahead before Frazier Campbell leveled for the Welsh side with a superb strike . Patrice Evra headed United ahead from a Rooney corner , but David Moyes ' men could not hold their advantage and Campbell nearly equalized only to see his clever chip hit the woodwork . Danny Welbeck might have sealed a precious three points for United , but in the final minute Korean Kim Bo-kyung leveled with an emphatic header of his own for Cardiff . It prevented United from climbing into the top four and they trail leaders Arsenal by seven points after 12 games . In Italy , champions Juventus returned to the top of the Serie A table with a 2-0 away win over Livorno in Tuscany . It took second half strikes from Fernando Llorente and Carlos Tevez to end the promoted home side 's resistance . Llorente slammed home a volley just after the hour mark before setting up Argentina 's Tevez for the clinching second in the 75th minute . Juve lead Roma by two points , but the early pacesetters can return to the top with a win over Cagliari Monday .	Manchester City rout EPL title rivals Tottenham Hotspur 6-0 Doubles for Jesus Navas and Sergio Aguero Champions Manchester United held 2-2 at Cardiff Juventus go top in Italy after 2-0 win in Tuscany
CNN  -- Recently , Loyola Law School in Los Angeles issued a memo to its students outlining what not to wear to work-study jobs . For one : low-cut tops . Another : those sexy Louboutins . "  I really do n't need to mention that cleavage and stiletto heels are not appropriate office wear  outside of ridiculous lawyer TV shows  , do I ? " asks the author of a memo entitled "  Ethics , Professionalism and Course Requirements for Off Campus Externs " but then goes on to mention it anyway . "  The legal community is small in L.A. and judges and lawyers who have unprofessional experiences with externs talk freely amongst themselves about the experiences . It can be embarrassing . " It can also be sexist . I 'm talking about the memo , of course , which offers no such guidelines on appearance for men , if we 're to assume that men are n't among those whose cleavage and heels are generating whispers within L.A. courtrooms . The memo 's implication is that there 's a relationship between how women look and how well they do their jobs , and that it 's okay to judge a woman on her appearance . It 's one thing to acknowledge that a bias exists in society , but quite another to insist on kowtowing to it , and to expectations that are , in most cases , initiated and maintained by men , but not imposed on men . Women are very often reduced to , or at least measured by , their looks , in every industry , and the message can be infuriatingly contradictory . Look good , but not too good . Pay attention to vanity , but do n't be obvious about it . Be different , but about the same as everyone else . The Loyola memo noted that the school had received "  complaints from supervisors " about students ' dress , though it is n't specific about the nature or number of the complaints . While it 's possible that some women may go overboard , perhaps the topic could have been addressed with the individual  s  against whom the complaints were filed . After all , overboard is both subjective and confusing . At least one law professor advised women to get ahead by wearing "  skirts to appeal to men , makeup to look healthy and competent , and heels to appear more powerful . " What 's a constant , though , is that looks matter , and usually that attractiveness pays . So why should n't women , who face any number of disadvantages in the workplace , use what they can to get ahead ? According to research by Daniel Hamermesh , author of "  Beauty Pays : Why Attractive People are More Successful , " the top one-third of attractive females earns about 10 % more annually than those in the bottom sixth of the genetic pool . A 2006 study from the University of Helsinki that looked at the role of beauty in politics found that the better-looking the candidate , the more competent , trustworthy and likeable he or she was perceived to be . When it comes to dress , a recent Harvard Business School study found that dressing distinctly could make a woman appear confident and influential , two qualities especially relevant for courtroom lawyers . We ca n't blame Loyola Law School for society 's obsession with appearance , and if judges and juries are indeed forming opinions about female lawyers ' abilities based on the length of their skirts , it 's important for would-be lawyers to recognize that . It 's not right , but perhaps it 's a reality . Law in particular is a profession that relies heavily on the opinions and very real biases of others . That said , we can hold the school responsible for helping to perpetuate the mixed messages women receive about their appearance , and for issuing a memo that , while perhaps useful in spirit , was insulting and condescending in tone . Loyola is a highly rated law school ; it stands to reason that the students accepted there have at least some common sense and social awareness . Presumably there are some brains behind those bodies . By widely issuing the memo using the language it did , Loyola expressed doubt in the abilities of its female students to make their own decisions regarding something as basic as what to wear . It 's important for a school that 's in the business of educating women to recognize and support the idea that women can be both smart and attractive ; to help shift the conversation from an either/or . Meanwhile , women should keep pushing the boundaries and resisting definitions , and wearing what they deem appropriate . There was a time , after all , that pantsuits were considered "  shocking " courtroom garb , a convention that changed because women insisted it change . With persistence , eventually what will matter most is how women perform their jobs , and not which shoes they happened to choose that morning . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Drexler .	A Loyola Law School memo advises students what not to wear to work-study jobs Peggy Drexler : Memo implies that women 's looks and job performance are related She says the memo , while perhaps useful in spirit , was insulting in tone Drexler : Does school doubt women 's ability to make common sense choices ?
CNN  -- Let 's just say you 're at a stoplight Sunday and you look in the car next to you and you see a stormtrooper . No worries . He 's probably on his way to a "  Star Wars " film marathon with the all the other nerds around . It is after all May 4 , the unofficial holiday celebrating of the sci-fi classic , which gave us one of the most repeated lines in movie history : "  May the force be with you . " So prepare to be greeted by fans of Luke Skywalker , Princess Leia , Han Solo , R2-D2 , C-3PO and Chewbacca with a "  May the fourth be with you . " Everyone is getting into the act . A minor league baseball team in Durham , North Carolina ,  one featured in another brilliant film , "  Bull Durham "  will be wearing uniforms inspired by our favorite droid , R2-D2 . The website CollegeHumor.com has a hilarious video with musicians "  auditioning " for the cantina band . Weird Al Yankovic and Liz Phair even try out . NASA is hosting Star Wars Day events at Space Center Houston , including meet-and-greets with special effects artists from the movie series . Politicians were tweeting messages . "  I used to bullseye womp rats in my T-16 back home . #MayThe4thBeWithYou " -- Justin Trudeau , an MP in Canada 's parliament . Parents were dressing up their children as characters from the films while others were reposting pictures of funny costumes for dogs or cats . There were gatherings of folks in costume all over the world , even in Hungary . Shoppers at a mall in Thailand were visited by Darth Vader . Movie houses in Australia and New Zealand were showing all six films . And in homes all across the United States and United Kingdom , "  Star Wars " fans were watching the movies . Speaking of R2-D2 , he visited the set of ESPN 's SportsCenter program . We 're not sure if he has yet to grab the sports concept yet . Many Disney stores were giving away "  Star Wars " pins on Sunday to the first 100 customers and had movie-related events scheduled . Disney World will hold one of its Star Wars weekends , where folks can dine with actors playing characters from the saga as well as attending other activities . And even the airport in Denver was having fun with the day , posting photos of their new ramp worker making new use of his light sabers .	"  Star Wars " fans wait all year for May 4 to play a pun off "  may the force be with you " They celebrate with movie marathons and dressing up Even a minor league baseball team and one airport are getting in on the fun
CNN  -- Blood found on the scene of a Michigan kidnapping belonged to the victim , police said Thursday . Jessica Heeringa , 25 , was abducted late last month from an Exxon station in Norton Shores , where she was working alone , sometime around 11 p.m. , police have said . Investigators found "  suspicious substances " at the station and turned them in to the state 's crime lab , which identified some of it as blood . A DNA analysis matched it to Heeringa , the Norton Shores Police Department said . The amount of blood found was small , police said . Authorities notified the family of the findings . Suspect 's face Police have put a face with the description of a man suspected of kidnapping the gas station cashier . He is a white male , about 6 feet tall , between 30 and 40 years old , with wavy hair parted in the middle . On Tuesday evening , police released a sketch of the suspect . Police also are looking for a silver minivan -- possibly a Chrysler Town and Country -- that was seen at the gas station . "  We have one witness who placed that vehicle there and saw the driver . That 's what we based that description on so far , " Norton Shores Police Chief Daniel Shaw told CNN affiliate WOOD-TV . Video from a nearby business showed the suspected minivan in the area around the time Heeringa went missing . The video is blurry , the van is only seen for a few seconds , and neither a driver nor license plate can be seen . "  I wish I had the technology like you see on TV where you could blow it up and I could see the driver inside . But that does n't exist for me , " Shaw told WOOD . But it is something . "  It does give us some hope that we 've got some accurate information out there to work with , " he told the station . How she disappeared Heeringa was scheduled to close the Exxon station where she was working alone at 11:30 p.m. on April 26 . But at 11:15 , police got a 911 call that the station was unmanned . "  It 's very suspicious why there 's nobody here , " the 911 caller says in a tape . The way the station was left , police say , led them to believe somebody abducted Heeringa . "  Her purse and other belongings were undisturbed . In addition , the store 's cash drawer was found out , and no money was missing , " police said in a statement . Heeringa is described as 5 feet 1 inches tall , weighing 110 pounds , with blond hair , blue eyes and wearing wire-rimmed glasses . Heeringa 's mother , Shelly Heeringa , has said that she suspects someone familiar with the gas station and possibly known to Jessica took her daughter . "  I think whoever did this had been in the gas station before and maybe Jessie knew him , " Shelly Heeringa said . "  He probably lured her out by saying he needed help , " she said . "  Jessie would have helped anybody . And that was probably her downfall . " Lack of surveillance images The station did not have security cameras , something that police said has hindered the investigation and that Shelly Heeringa said always troubled her . "  When I knew she was working there , when I knew  the store  had no security cameras , when she was going to be by herself , I expressed my concern about it all the time to her how worried I was , " the mother said . But those concerns apparently did n't trouble Jessica . "  She just thought she could handle everything , " Shelly Heeringa said . The mother also thanked the community of 22,500 on the shores of Lake Michigan for its support in the search for her daughter . "  So many people have been trying to help us find Jessie . It 's just been wonderful , " she said . People with information that may help find Jessica Heeringa are asked to call Norton Shores police at 231-733-2691 .	Police say blood found at a North Shores service station belongs to Jessica Heeringa She was taken from the station late last month , police say Suspect is a white male , 30 to 40 years old , 6 feet tall with wavy hair parted in the middle Police also are looking for a silver minivan
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israeli forces shelled a house where they had ordered about 100 Palestinian civilians to take shelter , killing about 30 people and wounding many more , witnesses told the U.N. Ambulance drivers wait for Israel and the Red Cross to give them the green light Thursday to leave Gaza City . Israel Defense Forces said it is looking into the allegations . "  Credible eyewitness accounts " described the incident , which occurred in the volatile Gaza City suburb of Zeitoun , said Allegra Pacheco , deputy head of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs for the Palestinian territories . Pacheco spoke to CNN on Friday . Witnesses reported that "  about 100 civilians were evacuated " to a house Sunday , and the structure was shelled Monday , she said . The witnesses told the U.N. that two of the survivors said their children died . "  There was no order given to move civilians from one building into another , " Israeli security sources said . However , Pacheco said , "  The eyewitness accounts that we have received state that the IDF ordered them to go into this house . " See images from the conflict  Warning : graphic images  " Officials are simply passing along witness reports and not making "  accusations of deliberate actions or any legal conclusions on the part of the IDF , " Pacheco said . "  There needs to be further fact-finding on what occurred in this house , " she said , adding that U.N. officials have yet to speak to the IDF and the Israeli government . Her remarks came a day after the International Committee of the Red Cross issued a blunt press release saying ambulances obtained access to several houses in Zeitoun "  affected by Israel shelling , " days after they asked to go into the neighborhood . The release slammed Israel -- an uncharacteristic move for the agency , which is known for its neutrality and quiet , behind-the-scenes activities . According to the release , the ICRC had wanted "  safe passage for ambulances " to the neighborhood since Saturday , but did n't receive IDF permission until Wednesday . The ICRC and the Palestine Red Crescent Society "  found four small children next to their dead mothers in one of the houses . They were too weak to stand up on their own . One man was also found alive , too weak to stand up . In all , there were 12 corpses lying on mattresses , " the ICRC said . Watch how the conflict is taking a toll on children " Rescue teams found 15 wounded people and three corpses in other houses , said the ICRC , which casts the shelling as a single incident . "  The ICRC believes that in this instance the Israeli military failed to meet its obligation under international humanitarian law to care for and evacuate the wounded . It considers the delay in allowing rescue services access unacceptable , " the ICRC said . Pacheco said she could not say if the incident witnesses described to the U.N. was the same incident in the ICRC report . But they took place in the same area , she said . "  In the Zeitoun area , it 's been a closed area , and there has been fighting and there have been injured . There are other homes and buildings where there were injured who were not evacuated , " she said . Witnesses told the U.N. they had been calling for ambulances to collect dead and wounded people in the Zeitoun buildings , she said . "  This was very much similar to what the ICRC reported yesterday as to what the medical personnel found when they went into the neighborhood , " Pacheco said . The Israeli army built earthen walls that made ambulance access to the neighborhood impossible , the ICRC said . "  The children and the wounded had to be taken to the ambulances on a donkey cart , " the ICRC said . Pierre Wettach , the ICRC 's head of delegation for Israel and the occupied Palestinian territories , called the shelling incident "  shocking . " See how the Gaza conflict unfolded " "  The Israeli military must have been aware of the situation but did not assist the wounded . Neither did they make it possible for us or the Palestine Red Crescent to assist the wounded , " he said in the ICRC news release . Pacheco on Friday described "  a serious protection crisis " in Gaza where civilians are "  very vulnerable " to death and injury . "  There is no safe space for civilians . There are no bomb shelters , safe havens , places to flee , " she said .	Israeli sources denied it ordered civilians moved "  from one building into another " Red Cross uncharacteristically says Israel failed to abide by humanitarian law Children , wounded taken to ambulances on a donkey cart , Red Cross says U.N. says it 's not casting blame ; it 's unsure if U.N. , Red Cross reports are the same
CNN  -- Hold on to the audacity of hope but shun the arrogance of over-promising . A scholar says President Obama could learn from Lyndon Johnson 's Great Society mistakes . That 's the message from a scholar who says President Obama can learn much from the success and mistakes of another ambitious attempt to remake America . Robert Weisbrot , co-author of "  The Liberal Hour : Washington and the Politics of Change in the 1960s , " says the Great Society revolution was "  tremendously liberating " for members of the most vulnerable groups in America . The Great Society was President Lyndon Johnson 's sprawling legislative attempts in the mid-1960s to lift Americans out of poverty , erase racial injustice and clean up the environment . But historical circumstances wo n't permit Obama to push through his own Great Society , Weisbrot says . "  Obama is living in a different age , " Weisbrot said . "  The circumstances wo n't permit him to be another Lyndon Johnson . " Obama came to office with the nation 's economic institutions verging on collapse . He also has to contend with bitter partisanship and a public that 's suspicious of big government programs . "  Obama needs to not only learn lessons from the Great Society but keep in mind the limits of what he can draw from a fundamentally different age , " Weisbrot said . Americans were ready for the Great Society when Johnson became president , he says . The country was enjoying a post-World War II economic boom . The Republican and Democratic parties worked together because both had a significant number of moderates . And people had more faith in the federal government , which had led the nation out of the Great Depression and World War II and helped rebuild the European economy , Weisbrot says . "  For many Americans , the federal government could achieve anything for which there was a national mandate , " Weisbrot said . Yet that same optimism helped stain the Great Society 's legacy , Weisbrot says . He says Johnson framed the Great Society as a war to defeat poverty and racial injustice . He over-promised , particularly when the Vietnam War began to drain away resources for the Great Society . "  Lyndon Johnson dealt in hyperbole , " Weisbrot said . "  It works well in getting legislation through Congress , but it sets the nation up for disillusionment when the promised Utopia did n't materialize . "	Scholar : Circumstances wo n't allow another Great Society Obama could learn from President Johnson 's mistakes , he says Did Great Society sputter because Johnson over-promised ?
CNN  In an unusual turn of events last week , a terror plot suspect 's desire to talk to local media put him at odds with his attorneys and landed a Cincinnati television station in federal court . At issue was a taped audio interview with Christopher Cornell and whether the station could broadcast that interview . Cornell is accused of plotting to attack the U.S. Capitol . The 20-year-old -- who claims in the interview that he is affiliated with ISIS -- was arrested on January 14 , months after his social media habits and talk of jihad put him on the FBI 's radar , according to court documents obtained by CNN at the time of his arrest . Two days after his arrest , a court order was issued barring public contact with Cornell , who is being held at the Boone County Jail across the river in Kentucky . Last week , Cornell made a collect call to CNN affiliate WXIX , said news director Kevin Roach . That phone call initiated what ended up being an hourlong interview , Roach said . Cornell 's attorney , Richard Smith-Monahan , argued that WXIX was in contempt of court for violating a January order "  directing the detention facility holding the Defendant not to permit outside contact by anyone with the Defendant without -LSB- defense counsel 's -RSB- express approval . " Cornell spoke with reporter Tricia Macke . In that interview , he refuses to tell Macke how or when he first came in contact with ISIS , but he did give the reporter details on a plot to kill President Barack Obama , members of Congress , as well as an attack on the Israeli Embassy in Washington . "  I would have took my gun , " he said . "  I would have put it to Obama 's head . I would have pulled the trigger . Then I would unleash more bullets on the Senate and House of Representative members . And I would have attacked the Israeli Embassy and various other buildings full of Kafir who want to wage war against us Muslims . " When Macke asked him why he would plot such an attack , he said "  Obama is an enemy of Allah , therefore an enemy of us , of Islamic State . " He said his plan for an attack on the U.S. Capitol was retaliation for "  the continued American aggression against our people and the fact that America , specifically President Obama , wants to wage war against Islamic State . " Cornell told Macke he was planning what would have been a "  major attack " to take place in Washington on September 20 , repeatedly referring to himself as a member of ISIS . "  I 'm with the Islamic State , " he said at one point . "  I have connections with many brothers over there . We 've been corresponding for quite some time now , actually . The FBI finally caught on this past year . " Cornell told Macke that he used "  encrypted messaging " to communicate with ISIS members . He said they discussed "  how we should wage jihad in America . We should form our own groups and alliances with the Islamic State , " he continued . Cornell said he was serious about his plans . "  I 'm very dedicated , " he told Macke . "  Like I said , I 'm a Muslim . I 'm so dedicated that I risked my life . That should say a whole lot . " He also warned that there were others like himself . "  We are indeed here in America , " he said . "  We 're in each and every state . We 're here in Ohio . We 're more organized than you think . " The interview was taped in three 20-minute segments and was recorded by the jail and WXIX . Roach said the jail 's taping system only allows for 20 minutes of taping at one time , so each time the recording would stop and the phone call ended , Cornell called the station back to tell his side of the story . CNN listened to the audio recording . During the 6:30 p.m. newscast on Thursday , the station aired a brief clip of the audio recording , previewing a longer story that was to air later that night , in the 10 p.m. newscast . According to Mike Allen , legal analyst and attorney for WXIX , a producer from the station called him about 7:30 Thursday evening ; Cornell 's attorney had filed a "  show of cause " order in Cincinnati 's federal court and an emergency hearing was scheduled for 8:30 p.m. . During that hearing , the judge continued the case for Friday morning and WXIX agreed to delay broadcasting the interview until Friday , pending a decision . In addition to the contempt of court argument , Smith-Monahan was also asking the court to issue a restraining order against the station , an order that would keep the station from broadcasting the interview with Cornell , according to court documents . During the hearing , which lasted five hours , a lieutenant at the Boone County facility testified that one of Cornell 's attorneys had given him a phone . In that testimony the lieutenant stated that he reminded the attorney that giving Cornell a phone meant he would be able to call anyone he wanted to , which seemed at odds with the spirit of the January court order . At the end of Friday 's hearing , U.S. District Judge Sandra Beckwith ruled that the order prohibiting Cornell from contact with the public was vaguely written and the station was not in violation of the order . Additionally , the judge ruled it would be unconstitutional for the news station to be barred from broadcasting the interview , according to Allen . The judge also stated in court that while Cornell has the right to remain silent , he also has the right to freedom of speech . "  At the end of the day , the judge made the right decision , " Allen said . CNN on Saturday reached out to Smith-Monahan , Cornell 's defense attorney , but so far has received no response . WXIX aired a portion of the interview on Friday night , and plans to broadcast more this week . CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	Cincinnati reporter interviews Christopher Cornell on the phone Cornell is accused of plotting an attack on the U.S. Capitol Cornell claims to have ties to ISIS
CNN  -- It 's been 11 years since John Meletse , a deaf , gay South African man , first learned he was HIV positive . But the events of that day are all too vividly etched on his mind : After a brief but anxious wait inside a Soweto clinic , near Johannesburg , a doctor called him in his office . The doctor , unable to communicate with him in sign language , quickly wrote something in a piece of paper and stuck it in front of him . "  You are HIV positive " read the note . "  He did n't explain anything , " Meletse recalls in sign language as tears roll down his face . "  He just stuck this paper in my face and I was like : ` Me ? What you 're telling me is the truth ? ' And the doctor said ` yes , ' and I could lip read and I asked him ` is it the truth ' and he said ` yes ' and the doctor told me ` go now , bye bye . ' " The news left Meletse shocked and devastated as he struggled to grapple with how to cope with the disease and a community unsure of how to deal with him . "  It was hard for me -- first I 'm deaf , secondly I 'm gay and thirdly I 'm HIV positive , these three things , what must I do ? " says Meletse , who was 25 when he was diagnosed with HIV . He decided , however , not to hide but to share his story and use his experience to inspire the deaf community to communicate openly about sex . "  I thought for myself , I need to make a stand and I need to be open and out -- I 'm gay , this is me , it 's my identity , I 'm the same as everyone else . A lot of deaf people still are closed up , keep it covered in the closet and I 'm taking a stand . " Today , Meletse 's stance has seen him become a leading figure within the deaf and the gay rights community in South Africa . Over the last few years , he 's been visiting schools for deaf children across South Africa , organizing workshops where he uses visual techniques to teach deaf sex education counselors how to raise awareness about HIV and AIDS . "  When I turned 30 , " Meletse says , "  my family came together and I 'm out -- I 'm out about being gay , about HIV positive , my sister fainted , they thought I was going to die and I said ` no , I 'm going to be a role model for the deaf community , I 'm going to motivate them , support everyone , I 'm going to educate everyone , I 'm going to try and stop HIV , I 'm going to stop the blame and still I feel good about that . ' " Meletse cites South African constitutional court judge , Edwin Cameron , the first South African official to publicly announce his HIV status , as his own role model . When Meletse heard him speak a few years ago , Cameron had already been living with HIV for 20 years . Cameron 's public announcement inspired Meletse to also spread his heartfelt message . "  I wanted that same feeling , I wanted to stop this stigmatization within the deaf community . ' " "  There 's no education , the clinics are n't helping , we 're just hitting a brick wall , what does HIV mean ? Nobody knows and they 're just dying , I was like I 'm going to stand up and say I 'm going to show you -- the same that I saw Edwin do -- for the disabled community . " Meletse recently collaborated with Human Rights Watch which chose him to be part of a public awareness campaign about HIV in the deaf community . "  People with disabilities throughout the world -- and we 're talking about a billion people here -- are often ignored when it comes to issues of HIV and AIDS prevention , access to treatment , access to counseling and other preventative techniques , " says Tiseke Kasambala , senior researcher in the Africa Division of Human Rights Watch . "  This is because people living with disabilities are assumed not to have a sexual life , and it 's something that for us is of great concern because we 're seeing an increasing number of people living with disabilities who are now at risk of contracting HIV and AIDS because they simply do n't have the information or the access to that kind of information , " she adds . Driven by his desire to help others , Meletse is determined to work hard to dispel myths and change attitudes . "  People look at disabled people and they say ` ha , they do n't know about sex . ' No , we 're all the same , deaf people have sex , hearing people have sex . So blind people also have sex , all these things , we all do it . "  But it 's hard -- interpreters at clinics , there are so few . For blind people in Braille , what material is printed ? Ramps for people in wheelchairs entering the clinic , it 's hard . I respect the disabled people for trying in this world . "	John Meletse is a deaf , gay HIV positive South African activist He 's been sharing his story to inspire the deaf community to communicate openly about sex Meletse teaches sex education to raise awareness and understanding of HIV/AIDS HRW chose him to be part of a public awareness campaign about HIV in SA 's deaf community
CNN  -- There 's a famous scene in the movie "  Titanic " where Rose turns to Jack and says , "  I want you to draw me like one of your French girls . " Then she poses for him naked , and things start looking up for ol' Jack . Of course , later , the ship sinks and he dies a cold , suffering death in the middle of the North Atlantic . Still , it was totally worth it . At the end , most people think Jack 's final words to Rose were , "  Never let go . " But I 'm pretty sure I heard him say , "  Huh , huh . Boobs . " Almost 20 years later , that stupid "  French girls " line has become a bit of a catchphrase , and if you Google it you 'll find countless images of people unintentionally , yet seductively , sprawled out like Kate Winslet . And some sprawled animals , too . "  Huh huh . Cat boobs . " Taking it a step further , now there 's even a portrait-sketching mobile app called French Girls that has also clearly borrowed from "  Titanic . " And everyone 's talking about it . French Girls co-founder , 29-year-old Adam Ceresko , told me , "  The day-over-day growth in just the past few days has been astonishing , and it 's not slowing down . " His creation just passed one million downloads . The app actually came out in mid-2013 . But then , last week , it had a massive uptick in popularity when , for several hours , a collection of French Girls images somehow managed to climb to the very top of the front page of Reddit . It 's an honorable feat for which , generally speaking , there 's no apparent rhyme or reason . For instance , as I write this , the current most popular post on Reddit is a video of a girl dangerously falling off a diving board . It looks painful and unfortunate , but this is why we have the Internet , and somehow it makes my life more complete . Now , the basic idea of French Girls is that users anonymously post selfies and then other users draw them from within the app . It 's fun . And it 's surprisingly creative . But mostly , it 's easy . The app 's slogan simply reads : Take selfies . Get drawings . Maybe . When I first learned of French Girls and downloaded it , I immediately served up a selfie and eagerly awaited someone turning me into art . Perhaps a tasteful nude . But , so far , nobody has shown any interest in drawing my portrait . Bastards . So , I added another selfie - one where it looks like I 'm grasping at the air -- and somebody actually did turn me into a nude . However , it 's far from tasteful . The "  artist " extended my body into the next frame , naked , where I appear to be violating myself . This is why we ca n't have nice things . And it 's obvious that he put literally seconds into his effort . Yes , despite the app 's anonymity , I assure you it was definitely a HE . Because of course it was . Alas , not everything turns out a masterpiece in French Girls . But , hey , at least he chose ME ! Because here 's how the app works : When you want to start drawing , you are given a choice of nine different images . If nothing inspires you , the refresh button gives you nine more . And you can keep searching until you find someone  or someone 's dog  that does tickle your artistic fancy . For me it was a girl with blue hair and a nose ring . So , I drew her . And it was terrible . My only real talent is napping . That , and mouth breathing . You can read all about it on my eHarmony profile . Anyway , despite a severe lack of artistic ability , drawing my blue girl was a creative way to kill some time when I could 've dangerously been interacting with other actual humans . Which , for safety , I prefer to avoid . Because next thing you know a friend invites you to get outside and go to the pool . And then you find yourself on a diving board . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter . See more content with questionable news value at CNN Comedy .	French Girls app started in mid-2013 as a way to let people draw others ' selfies The app recently rose to the top of Reddit , giving it a fresh wave of popularity Name comes from a famous line from the movie "  Titanic "
Trust us , we 're from Silicon Valley . America 's largest Internet companies are tripping over themselves to bolster their public image following blockbuster disclosures about their role in the U.S. government 's controversial data-gathering program . Ever since news reports suggested that major tech firms -- including Apple , Google , Facebook and Yahoo -- provide the National Security Agency  NSA  with unfettered or "  direct " access to their servers , the companies have been waging an aggressive campaign to demonstrate that they 're not government stooges . Now , several of the top Silicon Valley firms are engaged in a game of one-upmanship to show that they are the most transparent Internet company on the block . The initial reports about "  direct access , " as part of a classified U.S. intelligence system called Prism , have turned out to be wrong . But the Prism reports have highlighted long-standing privacy fears about how the largest U.S. tech companies handle their vast troves of user data . The Internet giants have come under scrutiny following reports that the NSA uses Prism to examine data -- including e-mails , videos and online chats -- that it collects via requests made under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act  FISA  , one of the controversial laws at the heart of the current NSA-snooping furor . Following the Prism leak , which was supplied to the Guardian and the Washington Post by whistle-blower Edward Snowden , Apple , Google , Facebook and Yahoo all issued statements -- in strikingly similar legal language -- denying that they give the NSA "  direct " or unfettered access to their computer servers . But the companies apparently felt the need to go further than those denials , and in recent days have engaged in a competition to demonstrate their commitment to transparency . Although Silicon Valley has roots in the U.S. military -- the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency was central to the development of the Internet -- today 's big tech companies are keen to demonstrate their independence from the government and often display a libertarian streak . Many engineers in Silicon Valley are sympathetic to "  hacker " culture . Above all , Silicon Valley tech titans are wary of losing the trust of consumers , which could endanger their businesses . These companies are no doubt well aware of the numerous more secure alternatives to their services , some of which enable users to roam the Internet anonymously . Google kicked off the transparency battle last week when it asked U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder and FBI Director Robert Mueller for permission to publish "  aggregate numbers of national-security requests , including FISA disclosures -- in terms of both the number we receive and their scope . " That request was noteworthy because it was the first time Google had even acknowledged that it receives national-security FISA requests . Facebook and Microsoft quickly followed suit with similar requests . A Department of Justice spokesperson told TIME that the agency is in the process of reviewing the request . Then , over the weekend , Facebook , which unlike Google has never published a transparency report , reached an agreement with the government allowing it to disclose data on U.S. information requests . Facebook said that for the six months ending Dec. 31 , 2012 , it received between 9,000 and 10,000 data requests , including criminal and national-security-related requests , covering between 18,000 and 19,000 accounts . "  We 're pleased that as a result of our discussions , we can now include in a transparency report all U.S. national-security-related requests  including FISA as well as National Security Letters  -- which until now no company has been permitted to do , " Facebook general counsel Ted Ullyot said in a not-so-subtle dig at the company 's rivals . Shortly thereafter , Microsoft released similar data , indicating that the company received between 6,000 and 7,000 criminal and national-security requests affecting between 31,000 and 32,000 consumer accounts . "  This only impacts a tiny fraction of Microsoft 's global customer base , " John Frank , Microsoft 's deputy general counsel , said in a blog post . "  Transparency alone may not be enough to restore public confidence , but it 's a great place to start . " On Monday , Apple joined the party and announced that from Dec. 1 , 2012 , to May 31 , 2013 , it received between 4,000 and 5,000 requests from U.S. law enforcement for customer data related to between 9,000 and 10,000 accounts or devices , including both criminal investigations and national-security "  matters . " Apple said it was releasing the data "  in the interest of transparency . " Yahoo followed late Monday , saying it received "  between 12,000 and 13,000 requests , inclusive of criminal , Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act  FISA  , and other requests . " Here 's the problem . According to the agreement Facebook , Microsoft , Apple and Yahoo reached with the government , the companies were only permitted to release aggregate numbers of total U.S. data requests . Crucially , they were not permitted to separately break out the number of FISA requests . For this reason , we do n't know if they received 50 FISA requests , 500 or 5,000 . As a result , the disclosures , while laudable , skirt around the central issue of the NSA-snooping controversy , which is the nature and extent of the companies ' participation in secret U.S. national-security investigations . "  We believe the companies should be allowed to break out specific numbers for FISA requests , " said Amie Stepanovich , director of the Domestic Surveillance Project at the Electronic Privacy Information Center , a Washington-based public-interest organization . "  These numbers would provide nationwide transparency . We also believe that individual users targeted under FISA should receive notice that they were subject to surveillance , even after the fact , so they have the chance to contest the surveillance in court . " For Google , which earlier this year was the first Internet company to disclose requests made for National Security Letters  NSLs  -- a separate type of query than FISA requests -- the arrangement struck by Facebook , Microsoft , Apple and Yahoo was not satisfactory . "  We have always believed that it 's important to differentiate between different types of government requests , " Google said in a statement . "  We already publish criminal requests separately from National Security Letters . Lumping the two categories together would be a step back for users . Our request to the government is clear : to be able to publish aggregate numbers of national-security requests , including FISA disclosures , separately . " Twitter , which was not named in the NSA leak as a participant in the Prism program , quickly threw its support behind Google . "  We agree with Google , " Benjamin Lee , Twitter 's legal director , said in a Twitter message . "  It 's important to be able to publish numbers of national-security requests -- including FISA disclosures -- separately . " Thus , the contours of the transparency battle were drawn . On one side : Facebook , Microsoft and Apple . On the other , Google and Twitter . For their part , Facebook , Microsoft and Yahoo said they would continue to urge the government to allow them to be more specific about national-security requests , including FISA requests . Facebook said it would continue "  to push for even more transparency , so that our users around the world can understand how infrequently we are asked to provide user data on national-security grounds . " Microsoft said : "  What we are permitted to publish continues to fall short of what is needed to help the community understand and debate these issues . " But only Google has thus far resisted striking a deal with the government on the disclosure of data requests . On Monday , a Google spokesperson told TIME that the company had no update on its negotiations with the government concerning breaking out FISA requests .	Big Internet companies are tripping over themselves to bolster their public image Apple , Facebook , Google and others deny giving the NSA access to their servers The tech companies have released aggregate numbers of total U.S. data requests But the disclosures skirt around the central issue of the NSA-snooping controversy
Editor 's note : CNN agreed not to use the full names of the family members in this article due to concern for their safety . CNN and CNN.com will continue to follow Youssif 's journey in the months ahead as he faces more surgeries . Youssif attempts a climbing wall , his helmet carefully strapped around his wounds . LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Burned Iraqi boy Youssif shows no fear as he stares up at the rock-climbing wall . "  I can do it fast and then I am going to stand on top . " It 's a declaration of defiance and strength from the 5-year-old who will need plenty of both as he continues his long recovery from horrific burns suffered when masked men set him on fire . In the eight weeks since his last surgery , the doctors ' predictions are coming true and Youssif 's face actually looks worse even as it gets better . The skin graft on his nose is still healing and balloons placed under the skin of his right cheek and on his neck are almost fully inflated . Extra skin will grow over these tissue expanders and will then be stretched over Youssif 's scars . It 's a noticeable change , but one that does n't seem to be bothering Youssif as he waves frantically at his parents , a huge climbing helmet perched on his head and held on by straps fitted around his swollen skin . Watch a giggling Youssif run , roll and ride at sports camp " His emotional transformation is continuing along with the physical changes and Youssif 's parents say he is now a more cheerful child . "  It makes me happier than he is , in all honestly , when I see him like this , " says Youssif 's father , who does n't want his identity disclosed . As he speaks , Youssif is shrieking with laughter , darting around the circle playing his new favorite game -- "  Duck , duck , goose " -- with new friends at the Canyon Creek Sports Camp , about an hour north of Los Angeles , California . It 's a day of fun and learning for burn survivors and their families . Along with Youssif are 7-year-old Walter , burned with his parents in a car accident , and Dami , 4 , burned when a generator accidentally exploded back home in Africa . "  This is a day away from the public . It is a day of fun , but we are also going to do some activities that are a little more challenging , confidence building , " says Keely Quinn , program director with the Children 's Burn Foundation . The foundation , which worked nationally and internationally , agreed to sponsor Youssif 's treatment after CNN readers and viewers learned of the boy 's plight and donated thousands of dollars to bring him from Baghdad to the United States for help . Fun and games aside , the day at the camp is also meant to help the children and their families cope with the trauma they 've gone through . "  They -LSB- the children -RSB- have learned that the world is n't a safe place anymore , " Quinn says . At the camp , the families get a chance to hear from long-time survivors like Bonnie Weatherbee , 37 , who was burned at the age of 18 months . "  We are unique , we are special , we are not freaks , we are not contagious , " she tells the group . Everyone here has been confronted with hostility or ignorance . See photos of how Youssif 's face is changing " "  How do you just deal with people who see the child and go hysteric ? " asks Dami 's mother , Shade , as she waves her arms to mimic a woman 's nearly frantic reaction to her son . Youssif was recently going down a slide when nearby children burst into tears at the sight of him , his dad says . "  Youssif came out and his face had gone pale and he said ` Daddy , they were crying , they were scared of me . ' " Weatherbee says families can choose how to react , but it 's important to empower the children so they know how to cope with the questions and the stares as well . "  Most of the public is interested in the story out of concern , they want to know that your child is OK , " Weatherbee tells the families . At the camp , parents and children color in paper figures representing themselves to go in cardboard homes in an activity designed to help them find "  safe places " again . Clutching a figure elaborately splashed in colors and decorated with feathers , Youssif shrieks , "  This is mommy , " before dissolving into laughter . He is still learning about new things to play with that he never had in Baghdad -- like glitter , and he soon discovers it 's much more fun to coat real people rather than their paper counterparts with the sparkly stuff . Youssif 's dad even jokes about it when the families "  visit " each other 's cardboard homes : "  We 'd like to apologize since the house is a mess and we have n't had time to clean up . " All laughter aside , this is still a difficult journey for the young family , struggling to adapt to a country so different from Iraq and the stress of their son 's surgery . Watch how the family makes it through the agonizing ordeal of Youssif 's first surgery " "  It 's hard to be a foreigner , " Youssif 's father says . "  God willing things will go well . The doctor said the next surgery is going to be harder and that we need to be ready for that . " Youssif 's mother , Zainab , dissolves into tears just thinking about Iraq , saying homesickness is just beginning to set in . But the mood lightens when talk turns to Thanksgiving . They do n't know much about this U.S. holiday , but they say they are lucky to be here . "  I thank the Americans so much , " Zainab says . "  They really helped my son in ways no one else did . " Then she adds that she prays that other children in Iraq will be as fortunate as getting help as little Youssif . E-mail to a friend	Disfigured Iraqi boy meets other young burn victims at sports camp Youssif 's face now looks worse , but doctors say it 's all part of healing process Family enjoying first Thanksgiving , grateful to American helpers CNN readers and viewers sent donations to bring Youssif to U.S. for treatment
A JetBlue Airways flight departing from Luis Munoz Marin International Airport in San Juan , Puerto Rico , was evacuated Saturday evening after one of its engines caught fire , according to a Federal Aviation Administration statement . "  Passengers and crew used emergency slides to evacuate the aircraft , " the statement read . JetBlue spokesperson Gina Recine told CNN there were no known injuries among the 186 passengers and six crew members on board . JetBlue Airways Flight 704 was headed to John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City . According to Recine , the plane was taxing on the runway for takeoff when problems developed 7:15 p.m. ET . Recine could not elaborate on the nature of the mechanical issue . The FAA said it will investigate the incident .	Emergency slides were deployed JetBlue Flight 704 was headed to JFK in New York No injuries reported
CNN  -- Sticks are the new boxes , at least when it comes to getting the Internet on your television . On Tuesday , Roku released its latest tool for streaming 1080p content directly to a TV . Like the $ 100 Roku 3 set-top box , the new $ 50 Roku Streaming Stick has a large selection of apps for streaming content , including all the major online services such as Netflix , Hulu and Amazon Instant . The new Roku stick is about the size of a pack of gum and will be available in April . As game consoles , cable boxes and other bulky accessories pile up in living rooms , the smaller , more discreet stick approach is becoming an appealing choice for consumers who want to watch Internet content on their TV screens without adding to the clutter . This is not Roku 's first foray into the stick form factor . But unlike its 2-year-old $ 90 version , the Streaming Stick will pop into any HDMI port , making it compatible with many more televisions . The Roku Streaming Stick will compete directly against Google 's well-received Chromecast , released last year . The Google dongle costs only $ 35 and also plugs into any TV HDMI port . To watch Internet content on the Chromecast , you hit a button on compatible apps from an Android or iOS smartphone or tablet . Both sticks require a separate power source , either through a USB port on the back of the TV or by plugging into a wall . The Roku Streaming Stick will cost a few bucks more than the Chromecast but includes a dedicated remote control , like other Roku products . For people who prefer navigating with soft buttons to swiping a smartphone screen , this can be a big plus . Roku 's biggest advantage is content . Because the service has been around for a while , it has many more streaming options than the Chromecast . There are currently about 1,200 available apps for Roku . Google recently opened up its Chromecast device to outside developers , so it 's possible a wave of new content is on its way . For now , its big names are Netflix , HBO Go , Hulu , YouTube and Google Play , plus a handful of smaller apps . A third major competitor in the streaming-to-TV space is Apple TV . Apple 's offering is still an old-fashioned box , but it could just be a matter of time before the company jumps on the stick-shaped bandwagon . It has more content options than a Chromecast but still lags behind the Roku . Of course , an Apple device would appeal to people already deep into the Apple ecosystem . Cable companies have been slow to update their set-top boxes , and smart TVs have n't caught on in the same way that easy-to-use Apple TV , Chromecast and Roku have . Roku is also working directly with television manufacturers to integrate its technology into their TVs .	Roku 's new Streaming Stick is a small device that plugs into a TV The $ 50 device is a direct competitor to Google 's $ 35 Chromecast stick The device can be ordered now and will ship in April
Tokyo  CNN  -- Authorities have suspended their search for a missing crew member in a U.S. military helicopter that crashed in Okinawa after human remains were found at the site . The helicopter crashed Monday at Camp Hansen , a Marine base on the Japanese island . The three other crew members who were recovered from the wreckage of the HH-60 Pave Hawk are in stable condition at the U.S. Naval Hospital Okinawa , the U.S. Air Force said Tuesday . Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe called for the grounding of the U.S. helicopters , while the crash is investigated . The Pave Hawk is U.S. Air Force version of the Army 's Black Hawk helicopter .	Japan 's prime minister calls for the grounding of the U.S. helicopters during an investigation The helicopter crashed at a Marine base on Okinawa
Their war for freedom in Libya may be over , but almost a year after they won the battle for the Libyan capital , a group of fighters have a new battlefield : Syria . Under the command of one of Libya 's most well known rebel commanders , Al-Mahdi al-Harati , more than 30 Libyan fighters have made their way into Syria to support the Free Syrian Army rebels in their war against President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . Al-Harati , who commanded the Tripoli Revolutionary brigade -- which was the first group of rebels to enter the Libyan capital last August -- has been in Syria for months leading some of his former men and Syrian military defectors who have joined his "  Liwaa al-Umma " or "  The Banner of the Nation " brigade . Recent YouTube videos show at least two different Syrian rebel factions announcing that they are part of the Liwa al-Umma . Heavy fighting in Syrian city of Aleppo Al-Harati , who has dual Libyan and Irish citizenship , first visited Syria last year on what he calls a "  fact finding mission " to see the situation on the ground and find out what Syrian rebels needed . "  After many Syrians approached me asking for my help , I felt it was time to do more and due to the great success of the Tripoli Brigade we felt it was time to act and that meant the formation of the Banner of the Nation , " Al-Harati told CNN in Skype messages this week . Al-Harati said : "  With the prior success in Libya I decided to leave nationality aside and , just like world organizations helped Libya in its time of need , I decided to pass my experience to others to benefit . " In the past week , at least three more former members of the Tripoli Revolutionary Brigade traveled from the Libyan capital to join their former commander in Syria , two former members of the TRB says . Al-Harati , who describes himself as a "  commander and facilitator " says there were no active efforts to recruit Libyans . "  These are grown men with their own minds and do not need convincing about this cause , " Al-Harati said . Mohammed , 23 , fought in some of the fiercest battles against Moammar Gadhafi 's troops in Libya 's Western Mountains . One year on , he dreams of fighting al-Assad 's troops . He does not want his last name disclosed because he does not want his family to know he wants to go to Syria . "  What Bashar al-Assad is doing is unacceptable in Islam ... He is killing children and wiping out entire cities ... The Syrians need people to fight with them , this is Jihad , it does not have to be my  personal  cause ... As a Muslim I have to go and help them , " he said . Mohammed smiles as he recalls the fighting in Libya last year , like now he says , it was during the Holy Month of Ramadan . Syrian rebels appear more capable , yet still outgunned "  There is nothing better than Jihad during Ramadan ... There are some people who look at us and say we are Jihadist extremists , we are not . In Libya we experienced Jihad , tasted the beauty of Jihad . We are not going to Jihad like al-Qaeda and others . We are going to support our brothers in Syria , " he said . Another fighter is Housam Najjair . He is 33 , al-Harati 's brother-in-law , and had never used a weapon until he fought in Libya last year . He said : "  When I watch TV reports ... you hear the cries of an old woman or a mother of a child who has been killed , or some of the brutal pictures that we have seen of children being killed ... I can not sit back and watch that , " Najjair told CNN in a Skype interview from one of Turkey 's borders with Syria hours before making the dangerous journey into Syria . "  I have to do whatever I can to make that journey . Because I feel guilty putting my head down at nighttime knowing that last year I was given an amazing opportunity to learn how to use weapons , for good , all for good , learn how to use weapons , how to maneuver , how to travel , how to attack , how to defend , all these things , " Najjair said , adding that his aim is to share these experiences with Syrian rebels . During the interview , Najjair got the phone call he had been waiting for , his group of fighters is mobilizing to go into Syria . "  It is a rollercoaster of different kinds of emotions , you get excited , you get adrenalin , fear , anticipation , all these feelings come into it , fear is not the main factor and in my mind will never be ... it will impair your judgment ... Libya was a walk in the park compared to Syria , I know this going in there , " Najjair said as he prepared to leave . Najjair says the no-fly zone enforced in Libya last year helped rebel fighters and allowed them to make great advances . Without that in Syria , operating will be much harder . He says they do not have a military base , there are makeshift barracks ; they are constantly on the move and can not spend more than a day in one location . Fighters , he says , are scattered across different areas . A Syrian town 's ` Street of Death ' Last month , a senior Libyan security official told CNN the government was aware of Libyans fighting in Syria , but they were individuals and not government sponsored . Earlier this year , Russia 's ambassador to the United Nations , accused Libya of hosting and training Syrian rebels . A claim denied by the Libyan prime minister . But Libya 's government and people have been vocal in their support for the Syrian opposition . Libya was one of the first countries to recognize the opposition Syrian National Council as the legitimate representatives of the Syrian people and in February , Tripoli expelled Assad 's diplomats and closed down their embassy . Many in Libya say they relate to Syrians who want to overthrow the regime . It was not too long ago that they lived a similar experience . But not everyone chooses to express support militarily . Some show solidarity by hanging the Syrian opposition flag outside their shops in Tripoli , flying alongside the Free Libya flag . In a YouTube video posted on July 4 , a group of six Libyan doctors is seen being greeted by Free Syrian Army troops as they enter Syria . "  We are coming for you Bashar , " says one of the doctors as they shake hands with the heavily armed Syrian fighters . There are no official figures on how many Libyans are currently in Syria . In February , reports of at least four Libyan fighters killed in Syria circulated , but there has been no government confirmation . For fighters like Najjair , the risk of death is a matter of faith . He said : "  You have to have faith and you have to say to yourself , "  if it 's my time , I will be gone . If it 's not my time it will be another amazing journey another amazing victory . " " Faces of the Free Syrian Army	More than 30 men who fought against Libya 's regime are moving into Syria One fighter says : Libya was a walk in the park compared to Syria Unlike Libya , in Syria fighters have no base and no cover from a no-fly zone Libya 's government and people have been vocal supporters of Syria 's opposition
Chicago  CNN  -- Women have been some of Sheryl Sandberg 's harshest critics , but the thousands who gathered over the weekend in Chicago at BlogHer , the largest conference in the world for women bloggers , fully embraced the "  Lean In " author , crowding around her for a handshake and a personal photo and giving her a standing ovation after her keynote appearance . Sandberg 's repeated message to the women here was that "  Lean In , " her best-seller that has now sold 1 million copies , was n't just about encouraging women to become a CEO or run for office . " ` Lean In ' is about believing in ourselves and reaching for any ambition , " the Facebook chief operating officer and mom of two said , adding the book was directed at all women , from the work-at-home mom fighting for a better teacher for her children to a woman reaching for the C-suite . "  It 's about each one of us asking ourselves what we would do if we were n't afraid and then reaching for those ambitions . " In light of criticism her message is elitist or critical of women who do n't have sky-high aspirations , Sandberg seemed to take pains to clarify what leaning in means for women such as the many work-from-home mom bloggers at this conference . Were these remarks a shift in her message , I wondered as I listened , a recalibration after her book set off a national debate about what it means to "  Lean In " or a message that Sandberg had always wanted to send from the start ? "  It 's not a recalibration , but if the message got lost , I have to take some responsibility , " Sandberg told me with a chuckle during a press conference . She said that while she considered writing a more detailed book , which she seemed to indicate would have included the stories of women from all walks of life , to make it "  really authentic , " she focused mainly on her experiences and those of the people around her , who happen to be corporate women . "  The intention was for the message to be really inclusive so that message is important to me , " she said . Judging by the response from women I chatted with after Sandberg spoke , her message came through loud and clear this time . "  I had always taken ` Lean In ' as go all the way to the top , " said Danielle Herzog , a mom of two who blogs at Martinis and Minivans . "  Well , what if I do n't want to go all the way to the top right now ? " But after hearing Sandberg speak , Herzog concluded that leaning in means simply "  following your dreams , " whether they lead you to the boardroom or not . "  What I took away from this is you should be the best at whatever you want to be , " said Norine Dworkin-McDaniel , co-creator of an illustrated humor blog about parenting , "  I do n't want to be the CEO of a Fortune 500 company . I would hate that , but I can be the best CEO or chief of scientific snarkiness of Science of Parenthood . " Another point that resonated with the women here was Sandberg 's concern about how we 're raising our daughters , leading to what she calls a "  leadership ambition gap " -- how by middle school , in survey after survey , more boys say they want to lead someday versus girls . "  And no wonder because little girls figure out really easily that the boys are going to lead and be liked and they are going to be told , ` Do not be bossy , ' " she said . Leigh Baker , who writes about the comical side to parenting , did n't realize until she listened to Sandberg how differently she 's raising her son and daughter . "  I am guilty of saying that she 's bossy , " she said . "  I encourage her to be a leader on the field , but I do n't encourage her to be a leader off the field , but I do the exact opposite with my son . " Sandberg 's celebrity status following the release of her book has led to speculation she might be looking for her next act beyond Facebook , maybe even considering a run for public office . "  No , I 'm doing about all the leaning I can do right now , " she told BlogHer co-founder Lisa Stone with a laugh . Facebook , she made clear , remains her focus , but she 'll also spend as much time as she can on her "  Lean In " online community , which now has more than 250,000 members , making it one of the fastest-growing communities on Facebook and the most engaged , according to Rachel Thomas , president of Sandberg 's nonprofit , LeanIn.org . To demonstrate the power of that community , after her keynote , Sandberg joined dozens of women at BlogHer as they broke into small groups to conduct "  Lean In " circles designed to allow women to open up to their peers about questions such as what 's holding them back . "  There were tables that cried , they cheered , they clapped , and at the end , they talked about ... how they felt , and it was amazing . ` We can do anything , ' ' I feel empowered . ' That is why circles are growing so rapidly , " said Thomas , noting how there are more than 7,000 registered circles in all 50 states and at least 50 countries . During Sandberg 's time at BlogHer , I was struck by the disconnect between the criticism she 's received nationally -- especially from some women -- and the response she received here from women , many of whom are not working in corporate America . "  I thought she was really humble and approachable , and I was n't really expecting that , " said Kelly Glover , host of the blog Big Curvy Love , who had a chance to meet Sandberg . Deb Gaisford , a mom of an 18-month-old who blogs at Urban Moo Cow , said she thinks much of the criticism stems from women trying to defend their choices . "  I think it 's because people are looking at their own situations and clinging to their own sort of insecurities and not really being open to her message . " Jessica Ziegler , co-founder of the blog Science of Parenthood , said she does n't find any of the criticism surprising . "  People love to stir it up . It 's so much easier to have a big fat negative opinion than to get behind a movement that is trying to support a huge group of people . " Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Sheryl Sandberg : "  Lean In " is about women facing their fears and following their dreams Some criticized Sandberg 's best-seller as being elitist or geared toward corporate women If her message got lost , Sandberg says she needs to take responsibility Women at BlogHer , the largest conference of women bloggers , liked what they heard
A protest against racism and police violence packed sidewalks in New York on Tuesday , despite calls from the city 's mayor for a pause in demonstrations . As they marched past shops on the city 's storied Fifth Avenue , some protesters chanted "  Hey-hey , ho-ho . These racist cops have got to go " and "  How do you spell racist ? N-Y-P-D . " ; others carried signs saying "  Jail killer cops " and "  Stop the war on Black America . " Mayor Bill de Blasio had asked for the demonstrations to stop until after funerals for two police officers who were slain over the weekend in Brooklyn . But organizers of Tuesday 's protest said there was no reason to "  give in to hysteria " and call off the march . At first , marchers stayed on the sidewalks as a large police presence , with officers -- some wearing riot helmets and face shields -- keeping protesters from impeding holiday traffic . Eventually , the demonstration spilled into the streets . The protest came hours after a moment of silence at New York 's City Hall at 2:47 p.m. , three days to the minute since a gunman ambushed New York Police Department Officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu . "  There 's a lot of pain right now that we have to work our way through , " de Blasio said . "  We have to keep working to bring police and community together . We have to put the divisions of the past behind us . " The mayor repeated his calls for the city to focus on the families of the fallen officers . "  Please embrace those around you as a symbol of our belief that we will move forward together , " he said after marking the moment when two officers were shot in an ambush . Buildings and landmarks on the New York skyline -- including the Empire State and Chrysler buildings , One World Trade Center and 30 Rockefeller Plaza -- were set to dim their lights for five minutes Tuesday night in honor of slain officers . Mourners flock to memorial De Blasio and his wife were among the mourners who stopped Tuesday by a memorial at the site where the officers were killed , looking at flowers and an American flag hanging on the wall of a building . Also drawn to the street memorial : the daughter of Eric Garner . "  It was important to me , because in the case of my dad , people came out and they supported us . I just felt really saddened by it , because a young kid lost their father like I did , " Emerald Garner told CNN 's "  AC360 . " Protesters have been pushing for a peaceful response , she said . And pushing for change , she said , does n't mean they 're anti-police . "  Not all cops are bad , " she said . "  We 've just got to salute the good ones and weed out the bad ones . " The gunman who killed the officers ignored their message and "  took it upon himself to take negative actions , " she said . "  It 's ugly and it 's very tragic , " Garner said . "  I do n't want anybody to die . There should n't be any more bloodshed . Nobody needs to lose their life in a senseless way . " The backlash De Blasio has come under fire since the shooting , facing criticism that he 's fanned tensions between the public and police . Authorities have n't established the gunman 's motive , but they 've noted that Ismaaiyl Brinsley , 28 , broadcast his plans to kill police on social media . And in some of his posts , investigators have said , he mentioned the controversial cases of Michael Brown and Eric Garner , African-American men who were killed by police . Since Saturday 's shooting , critics have taken aim at de Blasio 's earlier comments supporting protesters who 've voiced their concerns about the case of Garner , a 43-year-old who died in July after police in Staten Island placed him in what appeared to be a chokehold . A wave of protests erupted in New York City -- and nationwide -- after the officer involved was not indicted . The head of New York 's police union said de Blasio had "  blood on his hands . " And , in the aftermath of Saturday 's shootings , video showed officers turning their backs on the mayor as he walked through a hospital . Organizers of Tuesday 's protest in New York accused some leaders of manipulating the situation . "  This is a misguided response to the current situation and is meant to chill the expression of free speech rights , " the ANSWER Coalition said in a statement . "  Representatives of police unions are taking advantage of and seizing upon the actions of a lone , troubled individual who shot his ex-girlfriend and then killed two police officers in Brooklyn to smear , discredit and end the broad social movement that has demanded accountability , an end to police misconduct and police violence . " Police seeking help Police are asking the public 's help to piece together how the gunman who killed the two officers spent two hours before the slayings . Brinsley , who ranted against the government and law enforcement on social media , ambushed and shot to death Ramos and Liu as they sat in their patrol car at about 2:45 p.m. Saturday in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Bedford-Stuyvesant . Police have said Brinsley started his day in Baltimore , where he shot and seriously wounded his ex-girlfriend at her apartment in the early morning and then took a Bolt bus to New York . Police Commissioner William Bratton told reporters that investigators believe the gunman acted alone , but he said that police still need a full understanding of Brinsley 's actions . "  We owe it to the families to find out what happened , " Bratton said . "  That 's why we 're seeking to build this case up , so we know going forward exactly who talked to this man . "	Eric Garner 's daughter : Gunman ignored protesters ' peaceful message Protesters in New York chant , "  How do you spell racist ? N-Y-P-D " Demonstration against racism and police violence packs sidewalks Mayor , who 's called for a pause in protests , leads moment of silence for slain officers
CNN  -- John Daly dazzled the galleries at the Italian Open with his garish clothing but stayed in contention for the title after a second successive 69 in Turin . Daly rolls a putt during his second round of 69 at the Italian Open . Sporting a lime green top with a pair of psychedelic trousers , Daly was looking to improve on his tie for 31st in the Spanish Open . The two-time major champion is playing on the European Tour after being handed a six-month ban in the United States after a series of lurid headlines . But clearly showing the benefits of losing 20kg after having a gastric band fitted , Daly has shown glimpses of his best form . "  Yesterday could have been really low , but today could have been really high , " he told the official European Tour Web site www.europeantour.com . "  I did n't hit it that great and one-putted the first five greens . " Daly was partnering home hope and 2007 champion Francesco Molinari and while struggled early on , the Italian packed an eagle and two birdies into his first four holes to go joint leader . But he then slipped back to five-under as he matched Daly with a 69 . Daniel Vancsik of Argentina was setting the pace on the second day after carding a six-under 65 for a halfway total of nine-under 133 . Daly , who had not played for four months before teeing up in Spain , will look to continue his improved form in lucrative upcoming events . It was confirmed on Friday that he is to extend his stay by playing in the European Open at the London Club from May 28-31 . It will be a first appearance in the tournament by the "  Wild Thing " who is promoting a new range of clothing to match his more slimline figure .	John Daly cards second straight 69 in Turin to be handily-placed in Italian Open 43-year-old American is playing a series of events on the European Tour "  Wild Thing " has also made his mark with his colorful golf clothing
CNN  -- It was supposed to be a couple 's little getaway , on a little plane , from upstate New York to the Florida coast . It turned into a tragedy . The saga of the single-engine TBM-700 aircraft also turned into an international incident , spurring both the United States and Cuba to dispatch fighter jets to trail the plane after it went radio silent . So what happened ? Why might a plane 's crew go unresponsive for over four hours , drifting southward over the U.S. mainland , the Atlantic and eventually into the Caribbean as it did ? The North American Aerospace Defense Command , or NORAD , tweeted it might have been a case of hypoxia , a condition that sets in when a person does n't get enough oxygen -- as can happen if there 's an airflow problem high in the sky . What is hypoxia ? The best clues , so far , lie in what U.S. fighter jet pilots saw as they looked into the aircraft : the pilot slumped over and the windows frosted over . Then there was the radio communication , which the Federal Aviation Administration says ended around 10 a.m. ET . At that time , the plane was somewhere above Statesville , North Carolina , about 600 miles south of the Rochester , New York , airport it left from around 8:45 a.m. destined for Naples , Florida . The pilot asks to descend to 18,000 feet because "  we have an indication that is not correct in the plane , " according to a stream of that transmission posted on LiveATC.net . The air traffic controller told the pilot to "  stand by , " then to proceed to 25,000 feet as he works on clearing the plane to go lower . The conversation continues off-and-on for over four minutes , though it 's largely one-sided : The pilot is n't clear in his remarks , nor does he ever declare any sort of emergency . At one point , he simply repeats his call sign twice when the controller asks if he heard the request to drop down to 20,000 feet . Data indicates the plane did n't drop . It cruised for hours some 25,000-feet above the ground . Until sometime before 2:15 p.m. , that is , by which point estimates suggested the fuel would have run out . The aircraft , by then , had slowed considerably -- down to 176 knots  200 mph  , from a consistent 308 knots for most of its flight . And it stopped altogether after crashing 14 miles off Jamaica 's northeast coast . Larry , Jane Glazers ' children ` devastated ' The watery crash spurred Jamaica and the United States to swiftly dispatch government aircraft to the scene . By early evening , Jamaican authorities had found an oil slick in the prime search area that -- at that point -- was the only possible sign of the downed aircraft , according to Maj. Basil Jarrett of the Jamaica Defense Force . This differs from earlier reports that a "  wreckage field " had been spotted . "  The search  is fairly unpredictable given the size of the area and given the conditions out there , " said Jarrett , who said the operation would stop at nightfall before resuming Saturday morning with assistance from a U.S. Coast Guard cutter . "  It 's very difficult to say what we will be able to recover and when . " As they searched , the Glazer family of Rochester , New York , mourned . The U.S. Coast Guard issued a statement indicating there were "  three people reportedly aboard " the plane . Yet Scott Fybush , the family spokesman and also the Glazers ' nephew , said he believed the couple were the only people on the plane , with Larry Glazer flying the couple toward their vacation home in Florida . While there was no official announcement immediately on the fate of those on the plane , the Glazers ' children said in a statement they were "  devastated by the tragic and sudden loss of our parents . " Politicians in New York hailed the couple for their business and charitable endeavors , with Gov. Andrew Cuomo calling them "  innovative and generous people who were committed to revitalizing downtown Rochester and making the city they loved a better place for all . " Larry Glazer co-founded Buckingham Properties in 1970 , a year after graduating from Columbia University . According to his official bio , the company owns and manages more than 50 properties totaling over 9 million square feet in the Greater Rochester area . Jane Glazer founded QCI Direct , a 100-employee company that has an outlet store and makes "  two national retail catalogs mailed to 35 million people annually , " according to its website . A post on Women Entrepreneurs Blog , which is produced in conjunction with the University of Rochester 's business school , notes that she ran the New York City Marathon , did whitewater rafting and learned how to fly a plane -- all in addition to raising three children and building her business . The Glazers ' children acknowledged late Friday afternoon that they "  too are waiting for answers . " As they do , they took the chance to remember their parents and to express appreciation to those who were quick to offer condolences . "  They loved and appreciated the opportunity to help build the community of Rochester , and we thank everyone in the community for their expressions of support , " the children said . U.S. , Cuban fighter jets trail aircraft While authorities do n't know everything that went on inside the plane , including what caused it to crash , they have spoken about what they did in response . The government response started with those air traffic control communications -- and the alarming lack thereof . The unresponsiveness spurred NORAD to dispatch two F-16 fighter jets set from McEntire Joint National Guard Base in Richland County , South Carolina , to investigate . NORAD said another pair of fighter jets out of Homestead , Florida -- F-15s -- took over around 11:30 a.m. and escorted the plane as it continued south past the U.S. mainland . The American fighter jets broke off their pursuit 12 miles off Cuba , at which point the TBM-700 plane was still cruising at about 25,000 feet . A Cuban fighter jet took over trailing the aircraft as it flew near that Caribbean island , according to NORAD . Their longstanding public enmity notwithstanding , Cuba was cooperating fully with the United States on the matter and did not consider the plane 's movement a violation of its airspace , according to a Cuban source involved in conversations between the two nations . The Cuban government even let the U.S. Coast Guard 's C-130 aircraft go through its airspace and also gave permission for American "  military aircraft , if necessary , " according to an official statement . But none of these efforts , from either of these countries , could do anything about the doomed TBM-700 aircraft before it dropped off radar -- according to the flight tracking site , FlightAware.com -- at 2:11 p.m. Both Glazers knew how to fly , although Fybush said Jane Glazer 's ability to fly legally may have lapsed . The plane itself was owned by Larry Glazer 's company , Buckingham Properties . It was built by the French manufacturer Daher-Socata and powered by one Pratt and Whitney engine . 1999 : Evidence Payne Stewart 's plane lost pressure before crash 2012 : Small plane with unresponsive pilot crashes into Gulf of Mexico CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Aaron Cooper , John Newsome , Margot Haddad , Mike M. Ahlers , Patrick Oppmann , Ray Sanchez , Rande Iaboni and Deanna Hackney contributed to this report .	NEW : Cuba : U.S. -- including "  military aircraft , if necessary " -- had OK to use its airspace Pilot told air traffic control something was "  not correct , " but did n't declare an emergency U.S. and Cuban aircraft tried to track the small aircraft , but neither could alter its course The plane crashed about 14 miles off the coast of Jamaica , authorities say
CNN  -- Wildlife lobbyists are mounting an online campaign to urge Vietnam 's prime minister to reprieve an animal sanctuary threatened with closure . Comic actor Ricky Gervais and broadcaster Stephen Fry are among the many people who have used Twitter to call on Vietnam to lift the threat to shut the Bear Rescue Center , operated by Hong Kong-based charity Animals Asia . The centre was set up to provide a safe home for bears previously captured and exploited by farmers as a source of bear bile -- regarded as a traditional medicine by many people in east Asian countries . Bears in the illegal bile industry can be held for decades in cramped cages , having their bile regularly extracted direct from their abdomens in conditions described as barbaric by animal welfare campaigners . Animals Asia says it 's operating on land allocated by the government in 2005 for the purpose of a bear sanctuary , in Tam Dao National Park north of Hanoi . It now houses 104 rescued Asiatic black bears -- also know as moon bears , for their crescent-shaped chest markings . The charity says it has been told the center has to leave the site after coming under pressure from the director of the national park . It claims he lobbied the Ministry of Defense to declare the area is of national defense significance -- a status the charity says is not justified . It alleges the true motive for reclaiming the land is to develop it for profit . "  We are desperate to ensure that the rescue center is not closed down and relocated , " said Jill Robinson , the founder and chief executive of Animals Asia . The charity says it has invested $ 2 million of donors ' money in the bear rehabilitation center , which will be lost if the centre closes . Robinson said it would also cost 77 local people their jobs , and added : "  The welfare of 104 bears , who have already suffered enough , would be seriously compromised . " Now she and Animals Asia are pinning their hopes for a reprieve on an appeal to Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung . They say he can override the eviction ruling , and are urging him to honor the original agreement to set land aside as a home for bears . Stephen Fry this week joined the campaign to stop the sanctuary from being shut , tweeting to his 4.9 million followers : "  Stop 104 rescued bears losing their home ! Email Vietnam 's PM to save Animals Asia 's sanctuary #stoptheeviction " . The government of Vietnam has so far not responded to CNN 's requests for comment .	Online campaign launched to save bear sanctuary in Vietnam from closure Sanctuary provides home for rescued Asiatic black bears Bile from live bears extracted and used as traditional medicine Appeal to Vietnam 's prime minister to stop center 's closure
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- Five months after the Deepwater Horizon explosion unleashed a torrent of oil into the Gulf of Mexico , a male dolphin washed up on Louisiana 's Gulf Coast just barely alive . "  Other dead ones -LSB- dolphins -RSB- had exterior oiling on them , " recalls Michele Kelley of the Audubon Nature Institute in New Orleans . "  He was the first live oiled marine mammal . " Oil covered the dolphin 's body , but little was found in his blowhole or mouth -- a good sign . Rescuers noticed that the animal appeared to be underweight for his size and put his age at about 2 years old . The rescuers also saw injuries and believe he was beaten by another dolphin . "  For an animal as young as he is , he has a stat of about a 5 % chance of survival , " said Kelley , who oversees the rescue of stranded animals in Louisiana for the Audubon Nature Institute . "  Him , I would have given him maybe 2 % max . He had a lot of issues , oil was his final issue . " Explore the depths of the Gulf Oil disaster The rescue team photographed him and recorded him under the name LA-405 . He was later given the nickname "  Louie . " The rescue team took Louie to the Audubon Aquatic Center in New Orleans , cleaned him off , and began teaching him how to swim again . A staff member had to be in the water with him around the clock to hold Louie above the waterline so he could breathe . Otherwise , he would sink . It took over two and half weeks until the little dolphin showed signs of improvement . Louie started eating fish on his own and started learning how to swim again by moving his tail up and down . That was the beginning of an intense rehabilitation process . In the end it would take 700 hours of care over five months before Louie would be declared healthy . That was a bittersweet time for the Audubon Aquatic Center staff . "  You cry . You shed tears , " Kelley says , "  You put five months into this animal , his rehab and seeing him everyday and taking care of him . Then it 's time for him to go and we know that it 's the best thing for him . " Despite his progress , it is too risky to release Louie into the wild because of his young age . So this week , with the help of the U.S. Coast Guard , Louie was transported the Dolphin Research Center in the Florida Keys , a nonprofit organization that cares for rescued dolphins . "  In dolphin maturity he would still be dependent on his mom and that whole structure of a maturity pod to learn foraging , to learn survival techniques , avoiding predators , things like that , " said Mary Stella , a spokeswoman for Dolphin Research Center . In Louisiana , 62 dolphins have been collected since the oil spill , and all but two were found dead , according to Kelley . One of the two rescued died during rehabilitation . This left Louie as Louisiana 's sole survivor , and the only rehabilitated dolphin to survive the worst oil spill in U.S. history . Timeline : Oil spill in the Gulf Having just arrived at his new home , Louie will eventually be integrated into a group of other dolphins at the facility . He will also have to get used to his name , which he received upon arrival in the Florida Keys . "  Part of the reason we named him Louie is to immediately connect him to his Louisiana roots because here you have a little guy who has a real survivor story to tell , " Stella says . "  He serves as a reminder of the importance of protecting these animals out in the wild and protecting the environment . "	"  Louie " the dolphin washed up on Louisiana 's Fourchon Beach in September He was covered in oil , the result of the massive Gulf oil spill five months earlier He learned to swim again at an aquatic center in New Orleans He was transported to the Dolphin Research Center in the Florida Keys
Last fall , after I wrote an article about misogyny found on Facebook , people began to send me links to content that they had tried and failed to have removed by the site . Among these was a seven-minute video depicting a gang-rape of a girl by the side of the road and illustrations of an assault posted on Facebook by a man whose victim feared for her life . I began looking more deeply into the subject and more people contacted me . I came across "  humor " pages with names like "  Raping Your Girlfriend , " and text and images of popular rape memes depicting about-to-be-raped , incapacitated girls . There were easily accessed pictures and videos of girls and women frightened , humiliated , bruised , beaten , raped , gang raped , bathed in blood , and , in a recently publicized case , beheaded . In one instance , Facebook declined to remove an image of a woman , mouth covered in tape , in which the caption read , "  Do n't tap her and rap her . Tape her and rape her . " The photo went viral . Facebook 's response to readers who reported it read , "  We reviewed the photo you submitted , but found it did not violate our community standards . " This defied reason and Facebook 's own terms , which prohibit posts that "  attack others based on their race , ethnicity , national origin , religion , sex , gender , sexual orientation , disability or medical condition . " In a widely reported move this week , Facebook , to its credit , changed its response and is improving its efforts to crack down on such content . I 'm recounting here what preceded this decision , because it is instructive both about our culture and what it takes to change it -- with this media giant and potentially other sites . Over the past six months I communicated with Facebook employees to understand their process for determining what content met their criteria and on what those judgments were based . At each stage , they were open , clear about their policies and guidelines and their commitment to balancing user safety with freedom of expression . Facebook in fact had in place the formal language of a reasonable content policy geared toward ensuring users ' safety , but it was not implementing it effectively . This failure disproportionately affected girls and women . The only conclusion could be that individual moderators were interpreting the polices in ways that were gender biased . How ? When 16-year-old boys in Chicago feel comfortable sharing their rape of a 12-year-old-girl for status points , when a group of men in Indonesia film their gang-rape of a young woman by the side of the road and post it for hundreds of people to "  like , " and when content reviewers daily consider these and related images depicting women scared and cowering , bruised and beaten , to be acceptable , it 's not a "  glitch " in the system . It is the system . These images are not created by Facebook . But they regular pass through the Facebook content review process run by people -- people whose sexist norms are reflective of the larger culture , and who govern what is "  appropriate . " Last Tuesday , I joined Jaclyn Friedman , executive director of Women , Action & the Media , and Laura Bates , founder of The Everyday Sexism Project , to launch a global campaign to confront institutionalized sexism in media . We wrote an open letter to Facebook , co-signed by more than 100 organizations , asking the company to take concrete steps to better understand gender-based hate speech on its site and to train people to recognize violence against women as hateful . We encouraged users of Facebook to send messages to its advertisers encouraging them to boycott the social media network until it addressed our concerns . Over seven days , men and women around the world sent more than 60,000 tweets using the hashtag #FBrape , and 5,000 e-mails to targeted advertisers , 16 of whom withdrew their advertising . In a rare statement on its site on Wednesday , Facebook responded , noting that its "  systems to identify and remove hate speech have failed to work as effectively " as they would like and they pledging to evaluate and update policies , guidelines and practices relating to hate speech . The company acknowledged the importance of improving training for content moderators  the focus of our requests  , so they are better able to understand gender-based hate . The company said these steps will be taken in collaboration with representatives from Women , Action & the Media , the Everyday Sexism Project and members of our broader community . Why did we focus on Facebook ? Because it is a microcosm of a global culture . This week , people have repeatedly asked me , "  Is Facebook sexist ? " "  Is it Facebook 's geek boy tech culture ? " No , I suspect that Facebook is no more or less sexist or misogynistic than any other aspect of our culture and media . But unlike culture at large or "  the Internet , " Facebook created a useful mechanism for change . It wrote rules about speech . Once Facebook built a structure to review content , it established itself as an arbiter of norms . By doing this , it became a potential agent of positive change for the purposes of confronting historic media imbalances and commonly accepted gender prejudices . It was because Facebook had clearly thought about these topics and invested significant resources in creating a structured and detailed content review process and guidelines for user interactions that we focused on it . No , this is not feminists censoring the Internet . We are only demanding that Facebook apply its existing content policy rules to women fairly . The fact is , the threat of violence silences women every day -- on and offline . For example , content considered worthy of removal at Facebook for being unsafe must threaten "  imminent harm . " "  Imminent harm " is a luxury for women who experience rape and domestic violence as pervasive threats . The notion of imminent harm will never be equally applicable to men and women as a baseline criterion , as long as we live in a world where women feel far less safe than men . In the United States , for example , men are 25 % more likely to feel safe walking in public at night then women are . We do n't live at the OK Corral . What woman can afford to wait until the harm is imminent , when we all adapt our lives to avoid rape and , for one in four or us in the United States , the daily terrorism of abuse ? Some 70 % of women on the planet will experience violence at the hands of men , most often men they know . People concerned with the potential loss of free speech on the Internet would do well to reprioritize their efforts on this actual loss of free speech being experienced purely as a function of a human being 's sex . Our campaign resonated with so many because we are in the midst of a shifting cultural tide in which gender based violence -- historically kept private -- is better understood as a pandemic problem , including in the public forum of the Internet . Facebook 's response is important and indeed may both represent and reflect a cultural shift . It 's important because Facebook 's action represents an open acknowledgment that violence against women is a serious issue -- not openly stated in the past in the context of this content -- and that it deserves serious attention . Making that acknowledgment an institutional reality is what we will now strive to do .	Soraya Chemaly : Horrid images of women abuse on Facebook sparked drive for change She says Facebook was not effectively enforcing own rules ; women bore brunt of abuses She says moderators ' gender bias to blame , but it 's rooted in our larger culture of misogyny Chemaly : Facebook addressing problem ; hopefully cultural tide will start to shift as well
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The personal records of thousands of soldiers , employees and their families were potentially exposed after a laptop computer containing the information was stolen over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend , the military says . But information security experts for the Army say it 's unlikely that the information will be compromised because the data are guarded by three layers of security and encryption passwords . The security breach happened when the rental apartment of an employee with the Morale , Welfare , and Recreation Academy was burglarized in Clermont , Florida , officials said . The theft was reported to local police November 28 , but the military was not notified until the employee returned to work three days later . Military officials say the employee was using the laptop for remote training courses , and it has not been determined whether any protocol was breached . The computer contained "  names and personally identifiable information for slightly more than 42,000 Fort Belvoir Morale , Welfare and Recreation patrons , " according to a posting on the Web site for the fort , which is in Virginia . CNN obtained the notification letter sent , almost two weeks later , to those affected . It says , in part , that the alleged compromised information "  includes your name , Social Security number , home address , date of birth , encrypted credit card information , personal e-mail address , personal telephone numbers , and family member information . " The letter recommends steps to guard against the possibility of identity theft . The military says the lag in notification time was because of a policy requiring risk assessment before alerting those affected . The Family and Morale , Welfare , and Recreation Command operates facilities such as child care centers , bowling centers and outdoor recreation facilities . Those facilities are available to anyone with a military ID , which includes active-duty troops , Department of Defense civilians , family members and retirees . This is n't the first time a missing laptop has resulted in a potential security breach for the military . In 2006 , a Veterans Affairs Department analyst lost a laptop computer that contained the Social Security numbers and other personal data for more than 26 million veterans and active duty troops . That incident , in addition to other major data breaches , prompted a national call for protection of personal information . A bill currently under consideration in the Senate would put more protections in place .	Employee 's laptop containing personal data was stolen over holiday weekend Army says data guarded by layers of security and encryption Military sent letter to those affected two weeks after theft Risk assessment forced lag in announcement , military says
CNN  -- Sony is reducing the price of the PlayStation 3 game console , hoping to help the 5-year-old system reach a larger audience , the company said on Tuesday . The base model now costs $ 250 , and another system with twice the storage space is $ 300 . Sony cut $ 50 from each , which is nearly the price of a new game . "  While others in the space are losing steam , PlayStation 3 is gaining momentum , " Jack Tretton , the president and CEO of Sony Computer Entertainment of America , said in a statement . "  The new price will make the PS3 more accessible than ever before . " Sony last cut prices on the PlayStation 3 in 2009 , when it released a slimmer model . Microsoft has not reduced the Xbox 360 's price since 2009 , and analysts are split on whether it will do so this year as a response to Sony . The entry-level Xbox 360 costs $ 200 . Sony 's move is seen by analysts as a usual part of a game system 's life cycle . Game console generations typically last four to six years , but some predict that motion-detection peripherals like Microsoft 's Kinect for the Xbox 360 and Sony 's PlayStation Move could prolong the current cycle . Nintendo announced last month that the successor to the Wii , a tablet-controlled device called the Wii U , will hit the market next year . The news comes as the Wii , this generation 's top-selling console , is experiencing a sales slump . Nintendo reduced the price of the Wii from $ 200 to $ 150 in May . Last month , Nintendo cut the price of the 3DS , its handheld game console that displays 3-D graphics without needing special glasses . The 3DS now costs $ 170 , a 40 % reduction for a console that 's less than five months old . Sales of the 3DS tumbled quickly after a promising launch , and analysts have attributed the proliferation of inexpensive , quick-hit games for Facebook and smartphones as a hindrance to growth in the market for hand-held game systems . Sony is gearing up for the release of the PlayStation Vita , a portable game console that follows the PlayStation Portable . To compete with smartphones , it will have downloadable games , a touchscreen and 3G cellular data connectivity . The version with 3G will cost $ 300 , and the one without will cost $ 250 . Sony is still recovering from a nearly monthlong outage that affected its online game networks . The cyberattack , which resulted in stolen personal and financial information , did not seem to harm sales of the console , according to reports . Sony , which has sold more than 50 million PlayStation 3 systems , compensated customers with free game downloads .	Sony cut the PlayStation 3 to a base price of $ 250 Analysts see the move as a normal part of a game console 's life cycle Nintendo has already announced its next home game console , called the Wii U
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai -- whose country harbored the al Qaeda terror network when the group attacked the United States nine years ago -- used the September 11 anniversary to deplore the assault and call for an effective counterterrorism strategy in the longstanding Afghan war . "  The Afghan government is asking the international community for a lasting counterterrorism strategy , " said Siamak Herawi , a Karzai spokesman who relayed the president 's message Saturday . "  Afghanistan 's villages are not the sanctuaries for these terrorists and Afghan lives should not be sacrificed for terrorism that has another base and home , " the message said , making reference to militant bases across the Afghan border in Pakistan . Al Qaeda terrorists were allowed to operate in Afghanistan by the ruling Taliban government when New York and Washington were attacked by plane hijackers on September 11 , 2001 . A U.S.-led invasion later ousted the Taliban government . But militants have been able to maintain havens along the Afghan-Pakistan border for years and have tenaciously squared off with the NATO-led coalition attempting to keep the Karzai government and its nascent government afloat . The Karzai message , making reference to the toppling of the Taliban , called 9/11 "  an act of international terrorism which consequently rescued Afghanistan from terroristic domination and resulted in the destruction of terrorist bases and sanctuaries inside of Afghanistan . " Karl Eikenberry , the U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan , said memorial events have been staged in Afghanistan to remember September 11 and honor victims of attacks in Afghanistan . "  As a country we can not let the passing years dull our memories . Many of us have personal recollections of September 11 , 2001 , and many more painful memories have been created since . As we now know , the events of that fateful day in September 2001 began here in Afghanistan . The al Qaeda murderers gathered here to train . They gained a foothold in this country so that more terrorist acts could be launched from Afghan territory , " he said . Eikenberry said the United States is in Afghanistan "  to prevent international terrorists from again establishing a safe haven for extremists who would plot to wreak havoc " throughout the world . Speaking a week before parliamentary elections in Afghanistan , Eikenberry said it is important to remember how the conflict began and what must be done to keep the United States secure . President Barack Obama has called the Afghanistan-Pakistan region the central front in the fight against terrorism . "  Our part of this task is to help Afghanistan achieve the stability , respected fair governance , economic well-being , and status in this part of the world so that international terrorists will find no ground on which to openly stand in this great country , " Eikenberry said .	The Afghan war has persisted Karzai speaks of a better counterterrorism strategy The U.S. envoy counsels all to remember the September 11 attacks
The Frisky  -- A really bad gift can be a sign that your relationship is headed over a cliff , columnist says . Have you seen that Target commercial where the guy gives his date a beautiful necklace , only to have the woman look kind of uncomfortable and announce that she did n't think they were quite "  there " yet ? After a flash of hurt crosses his face , he zings back that he bought it at Target so it was super cheap . I always high-five that guy in my head , but truth is , I 've been an ungrateful giftee in the past . However , it 's also the truth that I 've received a lot of crappy gifts . Some were heartfelt , others were just dumb . So in light of the fact that we 're in primo gift-exchange season , I put together some guidelines for how to handle the gifts you get that you really wish you had n't ... Too utilitarian I thought only married ladies woke up to things like vacuum cleaners or shower squeegees under their tree . Not so . A yoga instructor I know received a Dustbuster from her live-in boyfriend , while singer/songwriter Peg had a beau who gifted her with an oven mitt . "  I should 've yelled , " she recalls . "  I think I just had a stunned , very disappointed look on my face . Not sure what he was trying to say , but clearly we were nearing an end . " How to handle : Generally , I 'm of the mind that you should try to smile and eke out a thank you , no matter what . But when someone -- particularly a live-in partner -- gives you something designed to make cooking for or cleaning up after them a little easier ... well , no . Just no . The Frisky : When a bad gift reveals an even worse relationship Wrong size You have to have a little sympathy for the dude brave  or foolhardy  enough to buy you clothes . Even if he has your style down , most men are clueless with women 's sizes . Searching your closet is n't much help either as one designer 's "  M " is another 's "  XL , " so he 's screwed either way . If he buys something too small , then you have a gift that does n't fit and makes you feel fat . If he buys something too large , you 'll be convinced he thinks you 're a chubster . How to handle : Do n't take it personally . Politely tell him that while you love the dress/sweater/chaps , it 's not your size and you 're going to exchange it for something that 'll allow you to exhale . The Frisky : My boyfriend does n't like my hairy legs ! Utterly clueless "  Our first Christmas together , my ex bought me all action figures , from sports and horror movies , " shares my friend , Jennifer . "  One was a bobblehead ! " Jennifer 's now-ex had never been in a serious relationship before , so he was n't being cruel with the bobblehead , just clueless . How to handle : Jennifer knew better the next year . "  Develop specific lists of things you want on Etsy , Amazon , wherever , " she advises . "  And let him choose from a list of things you already know you like . Because sorry -- if you want to be surprised , you most surely will be . " And not in a good way . The Frisky : The 5 lies women tell themselves I 'm not her I still remember the unspeakably ugly , donut-shaped , skull-adorned , pleather purse my man bought me one year . It was so off . So utterly not me . But perfect for his ex -- a much younger goth chick . With a forced smile I told him it seemed that he was shopping for the ghost of relationships past . How to handle : Calmly explain that while she was Kmart , you are Bloomingdale 's and he has to shop accordingly . Men tend to think women all want the same things , so if he spent years getting used to gifting a one way , there might be a period of adjustment while he resets . The message You can learn a lot about a relationship from the gifts you exchange . "  The last Christmas we were together I gave him a suitcase , and he gave me a set of knives , " says an editor I interviewed . The two split up by mid-January . My message gift was a cheapo , faux turquoise , Santa Fe-style , silver-plated bracelet that an ex picked out with help from the girl he was cheating on me with . Ouchie . How to handle : You got the gift , do n't wait for the engraved announcement -- get out . The Frisky : 9 inexcusable excuses for breaking up	'T is the time of the year when some really bad gifts can be delivered It 's always bad for live-in partner to gift something to make it easier to clean up after them Boyfriends can be clueless , so develop lists of favorites on Etsy or Amazon Totally thoughtless gifts may be sign that your relationship is about to end
PHNOM PENH , Cambodia  CNN  -- Youk Chhang knows the truth about the Cambodian genocide perhaps better than anyone in the world . Youk Chhang runs the Documentation Center of Cambodia , which has documented 20,000 mass graves . He was 13 when the Khmer Rouge came to power . Separated from his family , forced into slave labor , beaten nearly to death for stealing rice for his pregnant sister , he saw the horrors firsthand . His mother lost a daughter and four siblings ; 30 years later she still searches for them , hoping they survived . Chhang survived by eating whatever he could find . After the fall of the Khmer Rouge , it took him months to walk home to his family . Eventually , he fled to safety in the United States . "  Food was ... more important than God , " Chhang said . "  I always wish to have a bowl of rice . And one good night 's sleep . That 's all I wanted . I would do anything for it . " Watch Youk Chhang talk about what he ate , how he survived " But the ghosts of the genocide brought Chhang back to Cambodia . And for more than a decade , he has run the Documentation Center of Cambodia . "  DC-Cam , " as it is known , is the world 's largest repository of information about the Cambodian genocide . It holds hundreds of thousands of documents , photos and films as well as interviews with both survivors and former Khmer Rouge members . Chhang said he believes the Khmer Rouge kept such careful records as a measure of their success -- a trophy of sorts . "  At each time when they kill a person , they document it so that they can measure their success one step forward , " Chhang said . "  If they kill two , then two step forward . If they kill five , then five step forward . So to them , it 's a golden file . But I mean , to us it 's crime against humanity . " DC-Cam has located and mapped nearly 200 prisons and 20,000 mass graves across the country . For Chhang and DC-Cam , the work is critical to preserving memory and promoting justice . Watch as Chhang takes CNN 's Christiane Amanpour into DC-Cam 's secured vault " Today in Cambodia , a tribunal is under way to try five of the surviving leaders of the Khmer Rouge -- 30 years after their alleged crimes . DC-Cam is providing much of the evidence for use in the trial , evidence that makes plain the facts of the genocide , the scope of the losses and the personal and national grief . Chhang said he hopes the tribunal will help Cambodians move forward -- and help heal the nation he loves . But even now , the way forward is difficult . Chhang has dedicated a lifetime of work , research , preservation and advocacy to his mother , whose bravery and sacrifice inspired him . Even though his mother survived and they shared much of the same pain and many of the same losses , the two do not talk about what happened . Some in Cambodia are anxious to forget and forgive . Others are angry and searching for justice . Many , like Chhang , said that only by knowing , exploring and exposing the truth will Cambodia be able to rectify its past -- and secure a healthy future .	Youk Chhang was 13 when the Khmer Rouge came to power in Cambodia He survived by eating whatever he could find and eventually fled to the U.S. Back in his homeland , he now runs the Documentation Center of Cambodia "  DC-Cam " is the world 's largest repository of information about the genocide
George Zimmerman can now add "  painter " to his resume after the former neighborhood watchman purportedly listed an original painting on eBay . The 18-by-24-inch canvas features a blue , waving American flag with the words , "  God , one nation , with liberty and justice for all " emblazoned across it . The auction was posted Monday at a starting bid of 99 cents and is scheduled to end Saturday . As of Tuesday night , 108 bids were logged for the painting , ratcheting the price up to $ 110,100 . The next bid would top $ 110,200 . Zimmerman 's brother , Robert Zimmerman Jr. , confirmed that George painted the piece . "  Everyone has been asking what I have been doing with myself . I found a creative , way to express myself , my emotions and the symbols that represent my experiences , " the item description reads . "  My art work allows me to reflect , providing a therapeutic outlet and allows me to remain indoors . " Zimmerman appears to respond directly to questions sent about the item . "  Just wanted to tell you we all love you and stand behind you . You have so many people on your side I hope you know that ! " a commenter wrote on the eBay page . "  Thank you so much for the words of kindness and support , " reads the answer . "  I do know how many great Americans are still here , I run into at least 3-5 a day that go out of their way to tell me the same . Your Friend , GZ . " Photos were added to the auction , including one of a grinning , flannel-clad George Zimmerman holding the painting . The listing states the piece will be sent via expedited shipping from Sanford , Florida . No returns or exchanges are allowed , it says . One individual appears to have retracted a bid of $ 99,666 on Monday . Zimmerman has been in and out of the spotlight since his July acquittal in the fatal shooting of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in 2012 . Last week , Florida prosecutors said they would not charge Zimmerman after a domestic dispute with his girlfriend in November resulted in his arrest . Previously , he was stopped several times for speeding . Zimmerman told a judge last month he had $ 150 to his name and was $ 2.5 million in debt .	George Zimmerman artwork features American flag with words from Pledge of Allegiance Zimmerman 's brother confirms the former neighborhood watchman painted the piece "  Just wanted to tell you we all love you and stand behind you , " commenter writes Last month , Zimmerman told a judge he was almost penniless , $ 2.5 million in debt
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , is unlikely to close by the Obama administration 's deadline of January 2010 , two senior administration officials said late Friday . U.S. military personnel walk a road at the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , in July . They cited legal complications for the delay , but said they were still optimistic about shutting the detention facility for terrorism suspects soon . The announcement represents a blow to the president , who signed an executive order and set the deadline with great fanfare during his first week in office . During a signing ceremony at the White House on January 22 , Obama reaffirmed his inauguration pledge that the United States does not have "  to continue with a false choice between our safety and our ideals . " The president said he was issuing the order to close the prison camp in order to "  restore the standards of due process and the core constitutional values that have made this country great even in the midst of war , even in dealing with terrorism . " The delay may provide fodder for Republicans such as former Vice President Dick Cheney , who has argued that shutting the Guantanamo prison would make the United States less safe . He said Obama should have had a detailed plan in place before signing the order . "  Even White House officials are now acknowledging that there is still no alternative that will keep Americans as safe as housing detainees at that secure facility off our shores , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said in a written statement . "  Americans and a bipartisan majority in Congress will continue to reject any effort to close Guantanamo until there is a plan that keeps Americans as safe or safer than keeping detainees in the secure detention center , " McConnell 's statement said . At its peak , the Guantanamo prison population exceeded 750 , all men . More than 500 have been released , most into the custody of other countries . The senior administration officials insisted the White House is making progress in finding third-party countries to accept the remaining detainees . Approximately 2,200 staff members work there , from all branches of the U.S. military plus civilian employees .	U.S. detention center wo n't close by Obama deadline , senior officials say Obama signed executive order to close facility on his third day in office Legal complications blamed for delay ; closure should come soon , they say Missed deadline could be political setback for Obama
When he was on the baseball field , Ryan Freel was unafraid to fling his body , and his head , into plays -- diving after balls and crashing into outfield walls . That fearlessness earned the undersized Freel a spot in the big leagues , as well as a raft of concussions . Now , nearly a year after his death , Freel has the distinction of being the first Major League Baseball player to be diagnosed with chronic traumatic encephalopathy  CTE  , according to researchers at the Boston University School of Medicine . "  The real important issue is that he hit his head multiple times -- small hits , big hits , in baseball and outside of baseball , " said Robert Stern , co-founder of the Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy at BU . "  When it comes to the development of CTE , our current sense is that it requires repetitive brain trauma and not just a couple of big concussions . " Freel committed suicide last December at the age of 36 . Testing of his brain tissue after death -- the only way to definitively diagnose CTE -- found that he had Stage 2 CTE , which is associated with erratic behavior and memory loss . Stage 4 , the worst possible expression of the disease , is associated with full-blown dementia , aggression and paranoia . The brain tissue of people found to have CTE displays an abnormal build-up of tau -- a protein that , when it spills out of cells , can choke off , or disable , neural pathways controlling things like memory , judgment and fear . Freel 's stepfather Clark Vargas said on Sunday that the new diagnosis confirmed what he suspected already . "  It provides some solace that there is a reason now for Ryan having done what he did , " Vargas said . "  Knowing that he 's been suffering for 11 years and that CTE is a progressive disease , it gives explanation  for  some of the irrational things that he may have done . You know , he had a reason . " The disease tends to be associated with bruising sports like football and hockey , where repetitive brain trauma is part of the game . But Freel 's case suggests that professional baseball , a somewhat punishing sport in its own right , may have a growing concussion problem . "  We count everything else . We count the at-bats . We count the .300 hitter . We count the number of pitches and the pitcher can not go more than a certain number of pitches . Why not count the number of concussions and pay special attention to this like everything else ? " his stepfather said . This season , 18 baseball players were placed on the disabled list after concussions -- 10 of them were catchers . In 2012 , 13 players were placed on the DL after a concussion , and in 2011 , the number was 11 , according to MLB data . "  I think people do n't realize that baseball players get hurt as much as they do , " said Freel 's mother , Norma Vargas . "  Baseball is just as dangerous " as other sports and , she added , affords players less protection . "  It 's just a helmet and that 's it . " And players wear the helmet only when batting . Report : Former NFL player 's body exhumed for brain study "  I cringe when I see two guys going after the same ball , " said Stern , a professor of neurology and neurosurgery at BU 's School of Medicine . "  Is baseball as significant a concussion sport compared to others ? No . Is it a concussion sport ? Yes . " In a statement issued Sunday evening , Major League Baseball said it was working with experts "  to remain proactive on concussions and head injuries . " "  Major League Baseball 's thoughts remain with Ryan Freel 's family , friends and all those he touched throughout his life , " the league said . "  Ryan played baseball with love and passion and made a lasting impression on and off the field . We recently met in person with Ryan 's mother and stepfather and expressed to them our feelings about Ryan and discussed MLB 's continued efforts to provide a safe environment for our players . " In response to increasing concussion diagnoses , the sport is instituting educational programs and rules changes , like a ban on home plate collisions beginning as early as 2014 . "  Ryan 's life and death ought to mean something , and because of him , we can institute changes how baseball is played , " Clark Vargas said . "  It 's going to take some time to do it in the major leagues , but certainly we can do something about it next year ... about the kids playing Pop Warner and Little League . " Freel 's mother is unsure whether those types of changes , had they happened sooner , might have altered her son 's fate . "  It could have , " said Norma Vargas . "  I think it would have been a good idea if they would have  educated players  . " However , she said , "  I do n't think that would have changed his style of play . " Freel 's style was relentless and fierce . During his eight-year career with five MLB clubs , Freel estimated that he had 10 concussions . Family members say it was likely higher than that . His concussion history started young . He was only 2 years old when he ran into the side of a moving car . Age 4 marked the first time that he lost consciousness after a concussion , when he injured himself jumping from a bed . He lived life at "  one speed , and that was a fast speed , " said his mother . Suspicions that he could have CTE began percolating among family and friends after Freel killed himself a year ago . But he had had problems for a long time before he died . Former NFL player wants brain studied For several years , he struggled with depression , and drug and alcohol abuse . And only months before his death , he and his wife of 11 years divorced . These types of problems -- which are echoed in other CTE cases -- raise questions about how big a role the disease plays in suicides among players , and how things like pre-existing mental health problems , or post-career adjustment issues , influence the cause of death . Among the football players who showed signs of the disease and took their own lives are former Philadelphia Eagles defensive back Andre Waters , who shot himself in 2006 ; Terry Long , a former Pittsburgh Steelers offensive lineman who killed himself by drinking antifreeze ; and Junior Seau , the former linebacker who killed himself last year at the age of 43 . Former NFL players Dave Duerson , Shane Dronett and Ray Easterling also committed suicide and were later diagnosed with CTE . "  If you hit your head a lot , it may increase your risk for this disease , " said Stern . "  Whether or not the disease was the cause of or accentuated the depression and substance abuse and impulse problems  Freel had  , we do n't know . "  But he required more attention and treatment than he got . " Because of limited data , and a study population that is skewed toward people exposed to repetitive brain trauma , scientists -- including BU researchers -- caution against over-interpreting case studies like Freel 's . "  We can learn a lot about diseases by studying these higher-risk populations , " said Dr. J. Clay Goodman , professor of pathology , immunology and neurology at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston . "  Until we know much more about CTE , however , it is not possible to generalize about the risk of development even in elite athletes , much less more casual athletes or the population at large . " Freel 's family , including his ex-wife , had said that a CTE diagnosis would tie up loose ends emotionally -- and give them much-needed closure . Norma Vargas says a big concern for her is how the CTE diagnosis will affect the narrative of Freel 's life for his three young daughters . "  He 's gone no matter what , " she said . "  But I want that closure for his daughters . " She wants them to know that he did n't kill himself "  because he did n't love them or he did it because he was mad at the world . "  It was not that way , he was killed  by the disease  . " Paul Oliver 's suicide is latest in a string among former NFL players	MLB says it 's working with experts to prevent concussions and head injuries Ryan Freel 's family says knowing he had CTE "  provides some solace " after his suicide Chronic traumatic encephalopathy is believed to be a result of repetitive brain trauma The disease is associated with memory loss , erratic behavior , aggression and paranoia
New York  CNN  -- Columbia University is seeking to alter the 1920 charter of one of its graduate school fellowships which is still limited "  to persons of the Caucasian race , " though the fellowship has not been granted in years . The Lydia C. Roberts Graduate Fellowship is , at least on paper , available to white students "  of either sex , born in the state of Iowa , " according to a Columbia University charter from 1920 . The university filed an affidavit in Manhattan Supreme Court last week to support a petition from JPMorgan Chase , the fellowship 's designated trustee , to change the whites-only provision , according to Robert Hornsby , assistant vice president for media relations at Columbia . Other restrictions for the fellowship stipulate that a recipient may not concentrate their studies in "  law , medicine , dentistry , veterinary medicine , or theology . " Recipients must also agree to return to Iowa for two years after completing their studies at Columbia . The fellowship was established in 1920 by Lydia C. Roberts , an Iowa native , with a $ 500,000 donation to the university upon her death . However , the school stopped awarding the fellowship in 1997 for several reasons . It 's not clear when the university stopped adhering "  to the race-related terms of the gift , " Hornsby explained . "  The university administers gifts in accordance with applicable law and  anti-discrimination  policies , and it has long been the university 's practice to disregard donor restrictions that violate either the law or our policies , " he added . Douglas Gross , an attorney in Des Moines , Iowa , received the fellowship in 1977 after a college professor recommended it to him . Gross says he was an Iowan interested in pursuing higher education so he accepted , but probably would have rejected the fellowship had he known the provision existed . Some student groups at other universities have established "  whites-only " scholarships , including Boston University 's College Republicans , which created the "  Caucasian Achievement and Recognition " scholarship in 2006 . It awarded $ 250 to students with at least a 3.2 GPA and who are at least "  one quarter Caucasian . " However , a representative for College Republicans at Boston University says there are no longer any scholarships funded by the organization . "  Our club does not currently offer scholarships of any kind . Our club started from scratch this past fall as the previous College Republicans ' student group was ultimately defunct , " Mara Mellstrom told CNN . Roger Williams University 's College Republicans attempted to create a similar scholarship in 2004 . In 2003 , Texas Tech University student Matt Coday created the United White Person 's College Fund , a scholarship that looked to serve "  as a source of financial assistance to students whom Coday feels have been discriminated against by organizations designed to give money to minorities , " according to the Texas Tech newspaper University Daily . It 's not clear if that fund still exists .	The fellowship has not been awarded since 1997 , the university says The terms of the fellowship required recipient to be a white Iowan Some student groups at other universities used to offer whites-only awards
CNN  -- Jason Dinant has the opposite problem of most Americans -- he has flat abs . Jason Dinant 's New Year 's resolution is to shape up his abs from flat to muscular . Standing 6-feet , Dinant has a beanpole leanness many Americans covet . The 27-year-old 's ribs protrude from his chest , but he has some fat collecting in his stomach . "  I do n't have that much body fat , but it tends to stick right here in my stomach , " he said pinching his belly . "  My goal is to get a six-pack by summer , " Dinant declared in a video he submitted to iReport.com . Dinant often peels off his shirt and gives what he calls "  the naked truth about today 's news " in Web videos he posts on his blog called "  Naked Boy News . " Watch Dinant 's video . "  I give reports without a shirt on , so I should have the best body , " he said . "  Who wants to see a guy with skinny arms and no abs ? " CNNhealth.com recently asked viewers to talk about their New Year 's resolutions on iReport.com and to upload photos and videos during their journey to change . Share your story with iReport.com . Dinant works in sales during the day and has a night job as an emcee at a Las Vegas , Nevada , night club , where he is surrounded by toned and fit dancers . "  There are go-go boys and girls with killer stomachs , " Dinant said . "  I get up on the stage , I do n't take my shirt off . I 'm nervous about my stomach . " He does n't mind going topless on his videos , but he gets self-conscious in person . With his high school reunion fast approaching this summer , Dinant wants to tone up in the next six months and develop chiseled abs like Shemar Moore of TV 's "  Criminal Minds " or Ty Pennington , host of "  Extreme Makeover : Home Edition . " Until recently , the extent of Dinant 's exercise has been walking up the stairs and parking his car far away from stores . Now Dinant works out four times a week in a gym inside his apartment complex , cycling on a stationary bike , using weights on his upper body and doing 500 sit-ups a day . A televised Britney Spears interview gave him the idea for the sit-ups routine . "  I heard her saying that she 'd do 1,000 sit-ups a day , " Dinant said . "  She had amazing abs . If she can do it , I can do it . " But the sit-ups get old , Dinant said . To distract himself , he watches TV shows such as "  The Bachelor " while crunching , or he thinks of games  "  Every time you do sit-up , you name an Osmond child "  to pass the time . Contrary to popular opinion , traditional sit-ups are n't the most effective way to get a six-pack , said Robert Dothard , a personal trainer based in Atlanta , Georgia . "  Crunches are great to flatten the stomach , " he said . "  For men , we have to put abs under weight resistance to make them stick out . " The ab segments that make up a six-pack exist under layers of fat and skin . To make the six-pack more pronounced , a person has to exercise and lose the excess fat so those muscles are visible . That comes through cardio exercises . To make those stomach muscles bigger , "  abs have to be put under resistance , " Dothard said . Those muscles need weight training to become bigger and more prominent . He recommended doing sit-ups on a stability ball while holding a medicine ball over the head and crunching . Using a resistance band anchored around a stationary bar while performing side-to-side twists also creates resistance , he said . Dothard demonstrated these moves on a video . Watch Dothard 's fitness demonstrations . " Someone with a svelte frame such as Dinant 's may not look as if he or she needs to exercise , but appearances can be deceiving . "  People can be lean , but still carry a lot of fat , " Dothard said . Research suggests that it 's wise for even lean people to lose the belly fat . Even with a normal body mass index , people can carry extra weight in their stomachs , which increases the risk for cardiovascular disease . Those with belly fat have a higher risk of dying compared to their peers without it . But , Dinant 's reasons for wanting a taut stomach remain purely aesthetic . "  I have my 10-year high school reunion coming up , " Dinant said . "  I want to go back and be like , ` Bam . Look at me . ' "	An iReporter with flat abs sets his goals this year for a six-pack Jason Dinant is doing 500 sit-ups , cardio and weights Fitness trainer says sit-ups are n't sufficient , recommends weight resistance Share your journey to change with iReport
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  It took one Somali woman seven months and 4,000 miles to trek to Libya . From there , she hoped to cross the Mediterranean Sea so her baby could be born in Europe . She did n't get there . She was arrested as she was sailing north and is now one of 350 migrants being held in a facility just outside Tripoli . Other pregnant women fleeing repression have come to Libya -- many fleeing fighting that refuses to stop . They , like male migrants , are willing to risk their lives on crowded boats to make the final part of the trip . The Somali woman 's baby , Sabrine , was born a week after she was detained . Libyan officials are in a quandary . The prison head admitted to CNN there is no system in place to send these people home , jail them or let them go . About one-third of the migrants are from Eritrea on the east coast of Africa . They denied they were heading to Europe and told CNN they just want to go home , which is several thousands of miles away . In one sense , they are fortunate , even though the time in prison seems like forever . They are alive . Many others have died when smugglers ' ships sink . Bodies wash up on Libyan beaches . They are anonymous -- no IDs , no links to who they were and what was in their past that drove them to try the dangerous trip . In Malta , there are similar stories of death . On Thursday , the bare , stark caskets came in one by one on the shoulders of Maltese soldiers . The tears soon came along with them . That was the scene in a tent outside the Mater Dei Hospital in Valletta , Malta , a chance for citizens and dignitaries to remember 24 of what 's thought to be hundreds of migrants killed when their crammed ship sank in the Mediterranean Sea . Almost all the other victims have n't been accounted for yet , with the presumption that their bodies remain trapped inside the 66-foot  20-meter  boat that capsized late Saturday roughly 70 miles  113 kilometers  north of Libya . Italian authorities have said that many of the estimated 850 aboard had been locked in the ship 's lower levels with no way out . Why I fled : Migrants share their stories The tragedy has prompted questions about the growing migrant crisis facing Europe , as well as about who is responsible for Saturday 's tragedy . The Catania , Italy , prosecutor 's office announced Tuesday that the vessel 's 27-year-old captain , Mohammed Ali Malek , and crew member Mahmud Bikhit have been arrested on suspicion of "  reckless shipwreck , multiple manslaughter  and  abetting clandestine immigration " for their roles in the disaster . Those questions still need to be answered . But Thursday , at least , was a day for reflection -- about lives snuffed out simply because people wanted a better life . "  This event reminds us that we are all immigrants and our life is a journey of migration , " Imam Mohammed El Sadi said at Thursday 's funeral . "  Our grandparents Adam and Eve , peace be onto them , emigrated from heaven to earth . We emigrated from our mothers ' wombs to this world , and we will immigrate to the graves . " The deaths are the latest illustration of the increasing flow of migrants from North Africa and the Middle East through the Mediterranean and into Europe -- assuming they survive the trip . Gemma Parkin , a spokeswoman for Save the Children , said that the number of migrants who have fled to find refuge in Europe has skyrocketed 70 % this year over last , a dramatic rise that she attributed mostly to the deteriorating security situation in Libya . About 8 % of the recorded migrants between January and April 19 of this year are children , Parkin said . Of those , 70 % are n't unaccompanied by adults -- some of them as young as 9 years old . Such numbers represent only people rescued at sea or caught once they reach land . Frontex , the European Union 's border management agency , says that many illegal immigrants get through without being detected ; moreover , most of them come in legally via airports and then overstay their visas . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Tripoli and CNN 's Steve Almasy and Greg Botelho wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek in Catania , Italy , contributed to this report .	Migrant women hope to reach Europe so their babies will be born there Hundreds of arrested migrants are detained in Libya while officials try to figure out what to do A funeral is held outside a Valletta , Malta , hospital for migrants killed in ship 's sinking
Financial Times  -- Two Russian billionaires have clashed publicly over corporate governance at the world 's largest aluminium company , after Viktor Vekselberg said United Company Rusal was in "  deep crisis " because of bad management and a heavy debt load . Mr Vekselberg resigned as Rusal 's chairman on Monday night , saying it had been transformed from "  a world leader in the aluminium industry into a company overburdened by debt and involved in a huge number of legal battles and social conflicts " . Oleg Deripaska , Rusal 's controlling shareholder and chief executive , hit back at Mr Vekselberg on Tuesday . "  There is no crisis , either deep or shallow . There is a difficult situation on the market which determines the economic results , " he said , adding that Rusal would replace him with an independent chairman . Rusal , which suspended its Hong Kong-listed shares on Tuesday , had earlier said that Mr Vekselberg failed "  to perform his duties as a public company board chairman " . A spokesman for Mr Vekselberg declined to comment on Rusal 's accusation . Rusal 's shares were down over 3 per cent as trading resumed Wednesday morning in Hong Kong . Falling aluminium prices and heavy debts have cast a cloud over Rusal since it launched an initial public offering on the Hong Kong stock exchange in early 2010 . The company attracted large investments from the financier Nathaniel Rothschild , hedge fund manager John Paulson and two of Asia 's richest men , Hong Kong-based billionaires Li Ka-shing and Robert Kuok . The stock is now 43 per cent below its IPO price . Rusal 's IPO was controversial in the Chinese territory because of corporate governance concerns , and regulators initially restricted its sale to retail investors . Rusal 's banks , which could have called in the company 's loans if aluminium prices continued to fall , gave it a 12-month reprieve in January . Mr Deripaska said the agreement would allow Rusal to service its $ 11.4 bn debt . Mr Vekselberg co-owns a 15.8 per cent stake in Rusal with another Russian oligarch , Leonard Blavatnik . Mr Vekselberg and Mr Deripaska have also been at odds over whether Rusal should sell its 25 per cent stake in Norilsk Nickel , the world 's biggest nickel miner . Mr Vekselberg has been seeking to sell many of his Russian assets over the past year , and supported a $ 12.8 bn offer from Norilsk to buy back most of Rusal 's stake . The deal , made at a big premium to the market price at the time , would have allowed Rusal to pay off its $ 11.4 bn debt burden and begin paying dividends to shareholders . But Mr Deripaska , who sees Norilsk as a "  strategic asset " , refused to sell . A person close to one of the shareholders claimed the problems had broken out over a potential sale of Mr Vekselberg 's stake in Rusal . Mr Deripaska declined to comment on which shareholders Mr Vekselberg had been in discussions with . He said : " -LSB- Mr Vekselberg -RSB- has been receiving proposals all the time , but he always refuses them and raises the price . " © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Two Russian billionaires clash on governance at the world 's largest aluminium company , Viktor Vekselberg said Rusal was in "  deep crisis " because of bad management Oleg Deripaska , Rusal 's chief executive , said ` there is no crisis '
CNN  -- Some 220 square miles of ice has collapsed in Antarctica and an ice shelf about seven times the size of Manhattan is "  hanging by a thread , " the British Antarctic Survey said Tuesday , blaming global warming . Scientists say the size of the threatened shelf is about 5,282 square miles . "  We are in for a lot more events like this , " said professor Ted Scambos , a glaciologist at the National Snow and Ice Data Center at the University of Colorado at Boulder . Scambos alerted the British Antarctic Survey after he noticed part of the Wilkins ice shelf disintegrating on February 28 , when he was looking at NASA satellite images . Late February marks the end of summer at the South Pole and is the time when such events are most likely , he said . Watch aerial footage of the area " "  The amazing thing was , we saw it within hours of it beginning , in between the morning and the afternoon pictures of that day , " Scambos said of the large chunk that broke away on February 28 . The Wilkins ice shelf lost about 6 percent of its surface a decade ago , the British Antarctic Survey said in a statement on its Web site Another 220 square miles -- including the chunk that Scambos spotted -- had splintered from the ice shelf as of March 8 , the group said . "  As of mid-March , only a narrow strip of shelf ice was protecting several thousand kilometers of potential further breakup , " the group said . Scambos ' center put the size of the threatened shelf at about 5,282 square miles , comparable to the state of Connecticut , or about half the area of Scotland . See a map and photos as the collapse progressed " Once Scambos called the British Antarctic Survey , the group sent an aircraft on a reconnaissance mission to examine the extent of the breakout . "  We flew along the main crack and observed the sheer scale of movement from the breakage , " said Jim Elliott , according to the group 's Web site . "  Big hefty chunks of ice , the size of small houses , look as though they 've been thrown around like rubble -- it 's like an explosion , " he said . "  Wilkins is the largest ice shelf on the Antarctic Peninsula yet to be threatened , " David Vaughan of the British Antarctic Survey said , according to the Web site . "  I did n't expect to see things happen this quickly . The ice shelf is hanging by a thread -- we 'll know in the next few days or weeks what its fate will be . " But with Antarctica 's summer ending , Scambos said the "  unusual show is over for this season . " Ice shelves are floating ice sheets attached to the coast . Because they are already floating , their collapse does not have any effect on sea levels , according to the Cambridge-based British Antarctic Survey . Scambos said the ice shelf is not currently on the path of the increasingly popular tourist ships that travel from South America to Antarctica . But some plants and animals may have to adapt to the collapse . "  Wildlife will be impacted , but they are pretty adept at dealing with a topsy-turvy world , " he said . "  The ecosystem is pretty resilient . " Several ice shelves -- Prince Gustav Channel , Larsen Inlet , Larsen A , Larsen B , Wordie , Muller and Jones -- have collapsed in the past three decades , the British Antarctic Survey said . Larsen B , a 1,254-square-mile ice shelf , comparable in size to the U.S. state of Rhode Island , collapsed in 2002 , the group said . Scientists say the western Antarctic peninsula -- the piece of the continent that stretches toward South America -- has warmed more than any other place on Earth over the past 50 years , rising by 0.9 degrees Fahrenheit each decade . Scambos said the poles will be the leading edge of what 's happening in the rest of the world as global warming continues . "  Even though they seem far away , changes in the polar regions could have an impact on both hemispheres , with sea level rise and changes in climate patterns , " he said . News of the Wilkins ice shelf 's impending breakup came less than two weeks after the United Nations Environment Program reported that the world 's glaciers are melting away and that they show "  record " losses . "  Data from close to 30 reference glaciers in nine mountain ranges indicate that between the years 2004-2005 and 2005-2006 the average rate of melting and thinning more than doubled , " the UNEP said March 16 . The most severe glacial shrinking occurred in Europe , with Norway 's Breidalblikkbrea glacier , UNEP said . That glacier thinned by about 10 feet in 2006 , compared with less than a foot the year before , it said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Marsha Walton contributed to this report .	A large chunk of the Wilkins ice shelf in Antarctica broke away last month Only a narrow strip of ice is protecting the shelf from further breakup "  I did n't expect to see things happen this quickly , " scientist says Ice shelves are floating ice sheets attached to the coast
Oak Creek , Wisconsin  CNN  -- The FBI will investigate Sunday 's rampage at a Sikh temple in a Milwaukee suburb as a "  domestic terrorist-type incident " that left at least six people and the gunman dead , the town 's police chief said . Another three people were wounded , including the first officer to respond to the scene , Oak Creek Police Chief John Edwards said . A second officer returned fire , killing the suspect , according to the chief . All three wounded -- one of whom was shot in the abdomen and chest , another in the extremities and face and the third in the neck -- were in critical condition Sunday night at Milwaukee 's Froedtert Hospital , the hospital said in a statement . Terror , tragedy for tight-knit Sikh community The congregation 's president was among the wounded , his nephew said . And another man told the CNN affiliate WTMJ , "  Nobody 's angry here . We 're just confused . Was this a random act ? Was this directed at us because of the way we look ? " Authorities have not identified the gunman by name , though Thomas Ahern , a spokesman with the ATF 's Chicago division , described him as a white male roughly 40 years of age . No connection has been established between the shooter and the temple , he added . Like other officials , Ahern said authorities have not determined a motive , adding "  we are a long way away from that right now . " Teresa Carlson , special agent in charge at the FBI 's Milwaukee division , said late Sunday that investigators are still assessing whether this "  might be an act of domestic terrorism , no motive has been determined at this time . " The Sikh religion originated in northern India around 1500 and has about 25 million followers , 700,000 of them in the United States , according to the Sikh American Legal Defense and Education Fund . Sikhs tout equality , service to others Because of their customary beards and turbans , Sikh men are often confused for Hindus or Muslims -- and have been the targets of hate crimes since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington , said Surinder Singh , a spokesman for the Guru Nanak Mission Society of Atlanta . Several Sikh leaders and members recalled Sunday the killing of a Sikh man in Arizona in apparent retaliation for the attacks that had been carried out days earlier by the Islamic terrorist group al Qaeda , as well as other less severe crimes targeting the group over the past decade . Community continue to blend in and stand out "  There 's always an apprehension and a sense of fear that this kind of incident will take place anywhere , anytime , " said Rajwant Singh , chairman of the Sikh Council on Religion and Education . Sunday 's attack occurred about 10:30 a.m.  11:30 a.m. ET  , when temple members were reading scriptures and cooking food in preparation for the main Sunday service and community lunch , said Kanwardeep Singh Kaleka , a member of the congregation and the nephew of its president . Kaleka was not at the temple at the time of the shooting , but helped police interview witnesses in the aftermath . He said members described the attacker as a bald , white man , dressed in a white T-shirt and black pants and with a 9/11 tattoo on one arm -- which "  implies to me that there 's some level of hate crime there . " A law enforcement official briefed on the investigation confirmed the shooter was wearing a white T-shirt and did not have a bulletproof vest . Kaleka said the gunman started shooting in the parking lot , "  then entered into the temple and proceeded to open fire . " "  It seems the few casualties that have been divulged to me have been the equivalent of priests , the holy leaders of our people , " he said . "  My uncle is one of the administrators of the temple . It 's mainly those individuals who have been targeted or shot . Maybe it 's because the ladies were fortunate enough to dodge it out , but so far most of the people I 've heard have been shot and killed were all turbaned males . " Police searched the suspect 's home , "  a short distance " from the temple , on Sunday evening , according to a law enforcement source with direct knowledge of the investigation . A single 9mm semi-automatic pistol believed to have been used by the gunman was found at the scene , along with the wounded officer 's weapon , the source said . Initial reports were that there may have been multiple attackers , but police found no indication of another gunman , said Bradley Wentlandt , the police chief in nearby Greenfield . The Oak Creek temple , or gurdwara , opened in 2007 and has a congregation of more than 350 . Family members gathered outside told WTMJ that survivors were being taken to a nearby bowling alley so they could be interviewed by police . "  Our dear ones and near ones are injured and hurt , and we are trying to find out what happened , " said Darshan Dhaliwal , a congregation leader . Congregation president Satwant Kaleka was shot and wounded when he attempted to tackle the gunman , his son , Amardeep Kaleka told WTMJ . His mother -- who hid in a closet during the violence -- was too distraught to talk , he said . State Rep. Josh Zepnick said many members of the Milwaukee area 's Sikh community are among his constituents and described himself as being "  torn to shreds " by the attack . "  It 's a very peace-loving community that has successfully integrated and assimilated into the metropolitan Milwaukee area , " Zepnick told WTMJ . And state Rep. Mark Honadel , whose district includes the temple , called the attack "  craziness . " "  Unfortunately , when this type of stuff hits your area , you say to yourself , ` Why ? ' But in today 's society , I do n't think there 's any place that 's free from idiots , " Honadel said . The American branch of the World Sikh Council , meanwhile , said Sunday was "  a troubling day , not only for Sikh-Americans , but also for all Americans . " Sikhs in U.S. and India react to the rampage "  We urge all to pray for the victims , their families and friends , and the surrounding community , " the group said . "  We also express our gratitude towards the law enforcement authorities for their prompt and effective response to the situation as it unfolded . " National and state political leaders -- including Gov. Scott Walker -- also offered condolence after the killings , which came two weeks after a massacre at a Colorado movie theater that left 12 dead and dozens more wounded . Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney called the slaying "  a senseless act of violence and a tragedy that should never befall any house of worship . " And from the White House , President Barack Obama said the United States had been "  enriched " by Sikhs , "  who are a part of our broader American family . " "  My administration will provide whatever support is necessary to the officials who are responding to this tragic shooting and moving forward with an investigation , " Obama said . Rajwant Singh , from the Sikh Council on Religion and Education , put the onus on politicians , the media , academics and non-profit leaders to educate Americans about diverse groups and act "  to lessen this kind of rage . " He called it a tragedy Sikhs , growing up in the United States feel as if they do n't belong in this country after incidents such as this . "  Everybody should feel at home , " he said . "  This nation belongs to everyone . " CNN 's Ted Rowlands , Marlena Baldacci , Matt Smith , Steve Almasy , Greg Botelho , Shawn Nottingham , Carol Cratty , Susan Candiotti and Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	NEW : No link has between found between the suspect and temple , an ATF spokesman says NEW : Sikhs have a constant "  fear that this kind of incident will take place , " a Sikh leader says The suspect is described by witnesses as a white man , 40 , wearing a white t-shirt He killed 6 people before being killed by a police officer , authorities and witnesses say
CNN  -- He was lauded and ridiculed . He broke down barriers and built them around himself . He soared to heights unimaginable with his music , and he made the ignominious front page of gutter tabloids worldwide . Michael Jackson broke down musical and cultural barriers his entire life . For Michael Jackson , the spotlight was always present , and the rest of the world followed . With "  Billie Jean " and "  Beat It " -- the latter with Eddie Van Halen 's scorching guitar solo -- he was almost single-handedly responsible for getting videos by African-American artists on MTV and helped revitalize the moribund Top 40 format in the early 1980s . "  Michael Jackson made culture accept a person of color way before Tiger Woods , way before Oprah Winfrey , way before Barack Obama , " said the Rev. Al Sharpton , a friend . "  Michael did with music what they later did in sports , and in politics and in television . No controversy will erase the historic impact . " In Depth : Michael Jackson special report "  Thriller , " a 14-minute video extravaganza directed by John Landis , paved the way for the elaborate music videos to follow -- including Jackson 's "  Scream , " recorded with sister Janet in 1995 , which cost a reported $ 7 million and may be the most expensive video ever . Audio slide show : Michael Jackson and his music " His incredible dance talent , a modern twist on the Motown moves he witnessed as a child , led to a heightened focus on choreography in pop music videos and stage shows . His 1982 album "  Thriller " smashed records . It was No. 1 for 37 weeks and , at its peak , sold a million copies a week . To date , it has sold nearly 50 million copies worldwide . The achievement set a high bar for Jackson ; when his 1995 greatest-hits CD , "  HIStory , " sold 7 million copies , it was considered a relative failure . Jackson was also a fashion icon , his heavily zippered leather jackets a de rigueur 1980s fashion accessory , his single , spangled glove beyond compare . On the down side , Jackson also led in making pop stars the subject of the paparazzi and tabloids in a way , perhaps , equaled only by such icons as Frank Sinatra , Elvis Presley and the pre - "  Sgt. Pepper " Beatles . Rumors abounded , from his pets to his sleeping habits to his cosmetic surgery , all fodder for the press . After stories arose of possible child molestation , he never got back in the media 's good graces ; he was treated as a traveling circus . Watch reaction to his death From the time he was a child , it was obvious Michael Jackson was something special . In 1966 , when he was 8 , he joined his brothers in the band his father put together and started singing lead with brother Jermaine . Though Motown Records was the top label of the 1960s , inventing what it called "  the Sound of Young America , " by 1969 -- when Jackson and his brothers in the Jackson 5 first hit the charts -- the label was finding itself out of step with the psychedelic and hard-soul sounds of the times . Watch reaction from Motown " Enter the quintet from Gary , Indiana . Motown signed the group in 1968 and poured its all into the Jackson 5 's first single , "  I Want You Back " -- the writing and production team were credited as "  The Corporation " -- and Jackson 's imploring , dramatic vocal rocked America . The song hit No. 1 in January 1970 , and was followed by three more No. 1s in quick succession . Thanks to their squeaky-clean image , the Jackson 5 became teen idols , unusual for a group of African-American youngsters . Michael Jackson 's face appeared on the covers of teen magazines ; the band even became the subject of an animated Saturday-morning TV show , another first for an African-American group . But it was in the 1980s , when Jackson became a worldwide phenomenon , that his impact really began to be felt . He was much imitated , from his hair to his clothes to his dance moves . The music was superbly crafted pop , produced by Quincy Jones and often written by Jackson himself . Even rock critics approved ; the album "  Thriller " earned an A from the picky Robert Christgau , among others . Watch a clip from "  Thriller " " There came a moment , around that time , when pop music went into a Jackson era . "  Thriller " had nine songs ; seven of them became singles . Jackson teamed with Lionel Richie to write the fundraising song "  We Are the World " ; it was his presence , as much as that of Richie , Bruce Springsteen and Stevie Wonder , that propelled the song to No. 1 . Jackson reteamed with his brothers for an album , "  Destiny , " and accompanying tour . It was the hottest tour of the year , despite complaints about sales practices .  Partly because of the controversy , Jackson announced publicly he was donating all his money from the tour to charity . He was a role model . At the peak of his fame , there were reports of a humbly dressed Jackson ringing doorbells as part of his Jehovah 's Witness faith . Though Jackson 's image eventually became sullied by the molestation allegations and stories of eccentricity , there was never any doubt about his entertainment legacy . "  Thriller " and "  Bad " are still among the top sellers of all time . His fluid dance moves and stage presence set standards that rising stars -- often compared to Jackson -- struggle to equal . "  Of all the thousands of entertainers I have worked with , Michael was the most outstanding . Many have tried and will try to copy him , but his talent will never be matched . He was truly one-of-a-kind , " said Dick Clark , who would know . Watch reaction from another musical legend , Cher " And then there 's the music , from the early , explosive joy of the Jackson 5 hits to the elegant ballads , down-and-dirty grooves and ecstatic dance hits of his solo years . "  The Love You Save , " "  Billie Jean , " "  Beat It , " "  Bad " -- they are pop music boiled down to its best essence , with a good beat , an engrossing melody and even , sometimes , a message of love and fellowship . It 's enough to take a listener to the moon .	Michael Jackson was a towering figure in entertainment Singer led the way in establishing music video , revitalizing pop music Songs , including "  I Want You Back " and "  Billie Jean , " are part of enduring legacy
CNN  -- U.S. Air Force officials called off their response late Friday afternoon at a Tucson , Arizona , base after reports that an armed man had entered an office building , the U.S. military branch said in a statement . Earlier in the day , a U.S. military official told CNN that a gunman was believed to be holed up in a building at the Davis-Monthan Air Force Base . This precipitated the Air Force to call for a lock-down -- which began at 10:30 a.m. -- "  following the unconfirmed sighting of " such a man . No shots were ever fired and law enforcement teams are on site , said the official , who had direct knowledge of the situation from conversations with base officials but did not want to be identified . In fact , at 6 p.m. , Col. John Cherrey -- who commands the Air Force 's 355th Fighter Wing -- told reporters that no gunman or weapon was ever found . He added that the building , where the gunman was once thought to have entered , has been secured after authorities went through it room-by-room . The announcement came about two hours after the Air Force stated that its officials had "  terminated " their response to the incident . All base personnel were leaving via a "  controlled release . " "  With the help of the Tucson emergency services communities , Airmen were successful in maintaining the safety and security of the Desert Lightning Team , " the Air Force said , alluding to the name used for Air Force personnel based in the arid southern Arizona locale . Earlier , Tucson Police Sgt. Maria Hawke said in an e-mailed statement that members of the department 's SWAT team , hostage unit and bomb squad are near the site on a "  stand-by " basis in case they are needed . But she said that they are "  not actively engaged in any enforcement , investigative or other activity . " And Manuel Johnson , a Phoenix-based spokesman for the FBI , added that some agency personnel have been dispatched to the base to help , if needed . Shortly before noon Friday , Staff Sgt. Caitlyn Jones confirmed that there was a security situation at the base and that it was on lock-down mode . "  It has been reduced to a single point of entry , " she said . Borman Elementary School , which is located inside the base , was put on lock down at 11 a.m. , said Karen Bynum , executive assistant to the Tucson school district 's superintendent . Its 501 students were confined to their classrooms , with all perimeter doors locked . But shortly after 4 p.m. , off-base parents were allowed onto the base to pick up students at the school and Sonoran Science Academy , according to a statement from the Air Force . On-base parents were told to "  take the most direct route " to locations where their children may be . The incident occurs nearly two years after 13 people were killed in a shooting spree at the Fort Hood army base in Texas . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Terry Frieden , Tina Burnside and Alta Spells contributed to this report .	NEW : An Air Force official says no gunman was found and the site is "  secure " The lock down was initiated hours earlier after "  unconfirmed sightings " of an armed man FBI agents , along with Tucson police , were dispatched to the Arizona air base to help No shots were fired and no one was hurt , a U.S. military official says
CNN  -- A man opens fire in a national park , killing a ranger who was attempting to stop him after he blew through a vehicle checkpoint . A second man is suspected in the stabbing deaths of four homeless men in Southern California . Both men , U.S. military veterans , served in Iraq -- and both , according to authorities and those who knew them , returned home changed men after their combat service . Iraq War vet could face death penalty A coincidence -- two recent high-profile cases ? Or a sign of an increase in hostile behavior as U.S. troops complete their withdrawal from Iraq , similar to that seen when U.S. troops returned home from the Vietnam War ? "  You 're going to see this more and more over the next 10 years , " said Shad Meshad , founder of the National Veterans Foundation , who has been working with veterans since 1970 . " ... There 's a percentage that come back , depending on how much trauma and how much killing they 're involved in , they 're going to act out . " Margaret Anderson , a ranger at Washington state 's Mount Rainier National Park , was shot to death on New Year 's Day . Police believe Benjamin Colton Barnes , who served in Iraq from 2007 to 2009 , was responsible for the shooting . After a manhunt , authorities found Barnes ' body face down in a creek in the park . According to court documents obtained by CNN affiliate KIRO , the woman with whom Barnes was in a custody dispute said she believed he suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder resulting from his deployment . Barnes was emotionally unstable , vindictive and anger-prone , the woman said , and owned many knives and guns . The woman said she was frightened to be in the same state with him , the documents said . In California , former Marine Cpl. Itzcoatl Campo is accused of stabbing four homeless men to death . According to the military , Campo was deployed to Iraq during 2008 . A friend of his , who asked to be identified only as Brian , told CNN Monday that "  something happened " after Campo returned from Iraq . "  He was a little bit more serious . It seemed like there was something on his mind , " Brian said . "  He seemed really depressed and down , and things in his life were n't looking that well . " His father , Refugio Campo , told the Orange County Register that upon his return , his son began talking about things that "  did n't make any sense , " like the end of the world . It 's important to note , experts said , that the two cases represent the extreme end of a spectrum of behavior signifying difficulties faced by returning troops , and some experience little difficulty , if any . "  What we do n't want to do is stigmatize veterans by saying they 're walking time bombs , " said Elspeth Ritchie , chief clinical officer for the Washington , D.C. , Department of Mental Health and a former U.S. Army colonel . "  They 're not . " But study after study has highlighted the struggles faced by troops returning home , including substance abuse , relationship problems , aggression or depression , she and others noted . Some may have trouble sitting still in college classes , Ritchie said . Others may react with aggression at a perceived threat , such as being pulled over for a traffic violation , Meshad said . Still others have trouble riding in or driving vehicles because they are used to the threat of IEDs  improvised explosive devices  , or may react aggressively to a sudden move , even one by their spouse , he said . "  It 's embedded in  the service member  to do that , " Meshad said . "  It looks brutal , it is brutal , it 's horrible , it 's heinous , but they switch on like that because they have n't been switched off . " Suicide is also a growing problem . The Army reported a record-high number of suicides in July 2011 , with the deaths of 33 active - and reserve-component service members categorized as suicides . While homicides by former troops are n't tracked , many of the dynamics leading to suicidal behavior are similar to those seen in murder-suicides or homicides , Ritchie said . The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and others have made strides in addressing PTSD in veterans , the experts said . Other groups and resources , such as the Wounded Warrior Project , are also available . But many veterans have trouble seeking help , said Paul Ragan , an associate professor of psychiatry at Vanderbilt University who works with returning service members . "  Big boys do n't cry , " he said . Every veteran he works with in his clinic is married , he said . "  It 's because their wives are the ones who helped bring them in . " "  I 'm not seeing everybody out there , " he said . "  I 'm not seeing a random sampling of all the returning vets . I 'm seeing the ones who make it in , and they make it in largely through the auspices of a loved one who helps get them over that hump . ... The heroes in my clinic are the wives who 've learned to adjust and adapt . " Absent that support , some vets may not take that step , he said . One of PTSD 's fundamental features , Ragan noted , is a lack of trust : in one 's self , in others , in humans , "  that the world will give them a fair shake . ... There is this tremendous hurdle for them to overcome to get treatment . " Ragan and Meshad noted that people who are trained killers can have trouble switching out of that role after returning home . They come home "  full of war energy ... and it 's hard for them to have a relationship with anybody other than somebody in your unit , " Meshad said . "  Your unit is removed . You 're now around a touchy-feely wife or girlfriend that you do n't understand . " Combat veterans who may have killed or witnessed the deaths of women and children are plagued by guilt , which affects relationships with their own families , he said . Meshad said a significant effort to deprogram soldiers should be made before they leave the military . While the Marines do have a program , he said , many troops do n't listen ; those who do have said it 's "  oversimplified . " Issues such as employment , education and housing must also be examined as part of an overall effort to support veterans , Ritchie said . "  The VA and the military can only do so much , " Ritchie said . "  It really takes a nationwide effort and a local community effort ... this is an issue that 's not going to go away . It 's going to be with us for 10 , 20 , 30 years . "	Veterans are accused of homicides in Washington and California Violence by returning veterans may be on the rise , experts say Some may experience relationship difficulties or struggle with substance abuse Loved ones can be key in encouraging vets to seek help
It 's too easy to let New Mexico off as simply "  The Land of Enchantment . " It 's true the state has magical desert vistas , Rocky Mountain playgrounds and charming adobe communities that predate Columbus ' arrival by a few thousand years . But there 's an undeniably eclectic and occasionally dark side to the 47th state as well . In Roswell , residents see UFOs with frightening regularity . In Santa Fe , they burn Zozobra , or "  Old Man Gloom , " at the stake every fall . And Trinity Site , near Alamogordo , is the first spot on the planet where humans detonated an atomic bomb . Considering that New Mexico is essentially a bilingual state , where about one-third of families speak Spanish  some villagers in the northern mountains speak a dialect of 16th-century Spanish  , New Mexico often feels like a foreign country . Add the interesting juxtaposition that it 's the fifth-largest state  121,589 square miles  , but has a population of about 2 million people  about half the population of Los Angeles  , making it one of the least densely populated states in the country . All of which means that there is quite a lot of space to explore . You might be surprised by what you find . 1 . Christmas is served 365 days per year . Walk into any New Mexico restaurant , order an enchilada or burrito and the waitress will ask the inevitable : Red , green , or Christmas ? That 's local parlance for "  How do you prefer your chile ? " The spicy , capsaicin-rich sauce made from the official state vegetable smothers most everything that comes out of a New Mexico kitchen . Whether you prefer spicy green , mellow red , or "  Christmas , " a combination of the two , the little-known secret about New Mexico chile is that red and green are one and the same . The difference is how ripe the pepper is when picked . 2 . Monks brew beer . Drive about 65 miles northwest of Santa Fe on U.S. 84 , past Pedernal , the iconic flat-topped peak painted by Georgia O'Keeffe , and Ghost Ranch , where portions of "  The Lone Ranger , " "  Wyatt Earp " and "  No Country for Old Men " were filmed . Then take a left on Forest Service Road 151 . At the end of the 13-mile-long road is Monastery of Christ in the Desert 's tap room , where you 'll find the smooth , cool tang of a classic Belgian ale . The Benedictine monks grow their own hops to brew six of the best beers in the Southwest under the label Abbey Beverage Company . Beware : Tripel Ale has 9.2 % alcohol content , and beer is not allowed at vespers . Reserve a free tasting at least 48 hours in advance . 3 . The wine industry here is older than California 's . It all began in 1629 when Franciscan friar García de Zúñiga and a Capuchín monk named Antonio de Arteaga planted the first wine grapes in the Rio Grande Valley to use for Communion . By 1884 New Mexico was producing almost a million gallons of wine annually . Indian raids in the 19th century and flooding in the early 20th century brought the industry to its knees , until a group of European investors began importing French hybrid vines to New Mexico to grow small boutique wineries . Today , the state has more than 42 wineries that produce more than 700,000 gallons of wine annually . The Gruet family , established French winemakers who moved to New Mexico to run an experimental vineyard in 1984 , grow grapes at 4,300 feet . The altitude must work magic . Gruet 's sparkling wines are some of the best in the country . Not likely to stop for a sip in New Mexico ? Try a Gruet blanc de noir at the Montage Beverly Hills or Blue Smoke in Manhattan . 4 . Route 66 crosses itself . Cruise Albuquerque 's Central Avenue today and the buildings might be described as faded retro . Flashback to the 1950s and this blacktop strip was the soul of Route 66 , the 2,400-mile scenic highway that passed through eight states along the way from Chicago to Los Angeles . At the height of "  The Mother Road 's " popularity in 1955 , 98 motels lined Central Avenue . Today one of the strangest corners is the intersection of Central Avenue and Fourth Street in downtown Albuquerque . Due to a change in the road 's alignment in 1937 , this is where historic Route 66  Fourth Street  intersects with modern Route 66  Central Avenue  . 5 . Santa Fe is very high , very old , and contains a miraculous staircase . Quirky and charming , Santa Fe sits at 7,000 feet above sea level , making it the highest state capital in the country . It 's also eerily reminiscent of the Old West , especially the downtown plaza 's Palace of the Governors , which was built in 1610 , more than 300 years before New Mexico became a state . The "  City of Faith " is also home to a few miracles , like the Loretto Chapel 's circular wooden steps . Built by an unidentified man who is said to have shown up at the chapel in 1879 with a donkey and a toolbox , his staircase has two 360-degree turns , no visible means of support and wooden pegs instead of metal nails . Some faithful at the time believed that the mystery man was St. Joseph . 6 . It 's still the Wild West . Like many villages west of the Mississippi , Cimarron , in the northeast corner of the state , staked its claim as the "  Cowboy Capital of the World . " Buffalo Bill Cody once managed a goat ranch just outside of town and Wyatt Earp , Annie Oakley , and Jesse James stayed at the St. James hotel , famous for being haunted by the men who were murdered there . The outlaw Davy Crockett  a relative of the legendary frontiersman  murdered three Buffalo Soldiers in the bar in 1876 . More than a century later , New Mexicans are still allowed to openly carry a gun , no permit required , almost anywhere , including state parks and state and national forests , and restaurants that do n't serve hard alcohol . So watch your back . 7 . White Sands National Monument is n't your typical sand . We may be getting hung up on a technicality , but the "  sand " in these 275-square miles of shifting dunes 15 miles west of Alamogordo is actually gypsum crystals .  Most inland sand is made from silica in the form of quartz crystals or coral .  That 's not the only reason White Sands is surreal : 93 African oryx were imported from the Kalahari Desert and set free between 1969 and 1977 . Today more than 3,000 animals , each weighing up to 450 pounds with horns that average 34 inches , roam the dunes . http://www.nps.gov/whsa/index.htm 8 . Archaeologists have identified more than 25,000 Ancestral Pueblo sites in New Mexico . Arrowheads are unearthed almost everywhere in the state , but for the most complete and mind-boggling perspective of these hunter-gatherers who thrived 10,000 years ago , visit Bandelier National Monument near Los Alamos . The park covers 33,677 acres and centers around Frijoles Canyon , where a mile-long hike takes visitors past petroglyphs and masonry walls built into a cliff face . The Ancestral Puebloans cleared out of Frijoles sometime after 1250 , possibly because of drought , deforestation , crop failure , or internal conflict . The reasons are still not known . But to this day their ancestors are scattered across New Mexico in 19 Pueblo communities . One-thousand-year-old Taos Pueblo , a multistory adobe one mile north of Taos , is considered to be the oldest continuously inhabited community in the United States . 9 . You do n't need lightning to be awed by "  The Lightning Field . " In daylight the famous outdoor sculpture built in 1977 by Walter De Maria , appears to be little more than 400 stainless steel poles sticking out of the ground . But come sunset on a stormy mid-July summer evening , the poles will provoke pyrotechnics that make hairs stand on end . Even without lightning , the high desert sky at sunrise and sunset here at 7,200 feet on the edge of the Gila National Forest near Quemado is breathtaking . Make a reservation at least six months in advance to stay in the one rustic , three-bedroom cabin adjacent to the field through the Dia Art Foundation  diaart.org  . 10 . Ojo Caliente 's mineral waters have worked wonders for thousands of years . Ancestors of the native Tewa tribes , 16th-century Spanish colonizers , and ailing bodies in search of a miracle cure have all made the pilgrimage to soak in the geothermal water that flows from an ancient volcanic aquifer to the surface at the rate of more than 100,000 gallons per day . Southwest of Taos , Ojo officially became a "  spa " 145 years ago , but it still has public Lithia , Iron , Soda , and Arsenic springs . For privacy , rent a brand-new Cliffside Suite with kiva fireplace and a private soaking tub .	Christmas is served 365 days a year in New Mexico The state has a longer wine-growing history than California New Mexicans may openly carry a gun , no permit required , almost anywhere
CNN  -- Imagine a country where no one can find a job and everyone is younger than 25 . This country , which exists as a diaspora , threatens the economic vitality , social fabric and long-term stability of much of the world . It is a country of lost potential . In Europe , 24 % of youth are unemployed . The numbers are particularly bad in Greece , Portugal and Italy . They are also bad in the Middle East and North Africa . Unemployment is a slow-burning yet acute crisis that needs continuous attention from the world 's businesses and governments . The human cost is incalculable . Jobless young people struggle to become positive contributors to their families , communities and countries . Creating more job opportunities accelerates a virtuous cycle that boosts productivity and wages , reinforces a host of social virtues -- including greater stability , self-esteem , community commitment -- and decreases crime . For business , the opportunity is great . Research indicates that for every 1 percentage point of sustained improvement in global youth employment , worldwide economic consumption increases by an estimated $ 72 billion per year . We believe leaders in business , government and civil society should make a collaborative , concerted and cohesive effort to address unemployment with urgency in 2014 . We 've asked the 120 global CEOs who make up the World Economic Forum 's International Business Council to join us in a new drive to reduce youth unemployment , starting this week at the Forum 's Annual Meeting in Davos . One area with significant potential is education for and through employment , including developing function-specific and behavioral skills training programs that build experience , such as innovative internships and apprenticeships . It is becoming increasingly clear that there is a wide and growing gap between the kinds of jobs available to new workers and the ability of young people to fill them . According to a recent survey of employers in nine countries  Brazil , Germany , India , Mexico , Morocco , Turkey , Saudi Arabia , the United Kingdom and the United States  , only 43 % of employers say they are able to find enough skilled entry-level workers . Public-private cooperation in developing the work readiness of the young generation provides a clear opportunity to reduce youth unemployment . For example , automobile manufacturers and suppliers across more than a dozen U.S. states are now training new workers in collaboration with 30-plus community colleges . More employers are also turning to apprenticeships such as those that have long been successful in Germany , Austria and Switzerland -- three countries with traditionally low youth unemployment . In these countries , dual education systems combine study with work experience and their results are recognized by companies and governments alike . Such dual education systems provide a promising path forward to young people without university degrees , create a next-generation workforce for business trained by specialists . These systems generally cost taxpayers less than training efforts initiated and funded wholly by government . These efforts are also effective in developing countries . For instance , since 2009 , the Coletivo  Collective  program -- a public-private partnership between companies , local government and NGOs -- has equipped thousands of young Brazilians with the skills needed to find jobs in retail , recycling , entrepreneurship and more , impacting more than 70,000 people in Brazilian communities . In addition , global corporations can work with government and civil society to build entrepreneurship cultures inside and outside their organizations , empowering youth through training in behaviors and attitudes that will help them get things done throughout their lives , and boost employment and innovation . The World Economic Forum 's Global Shapers initiative is helping to create new ventures and jobs by connecting more than 3,000 of the world 's brightest young entrepreneurs With our International Business Council colleagues , we will be determining how to develop better data and local information on youth employment and replicate existing solutions more widely . With many parts of the world still struggling to reinvigorate growth , concerted efforts to help young people prepare for the workforce can help our global economy . We believe the time has come for international business leaders to act decisively to reduce youth unemployment and create a brighter future for all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Klaus Schwab and Muhtar Kent .	Klaus Schwab , Muhtar Kent : In Europe and elsewhere , many young people are jobless Schwab , Kent : Unemployment is an acute crisis that needs our continuous attention They say business leaders and governments should work together on this urgent problem Schwab , Kent : For businesses , it 's an opportunity since jobs leads to consumption
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A giant oil-trading company is offering to pay thousands of Africans a settlement after a contractor illegally dumped toxic waste in West Africa three years ago . Parents say their child 's body is covered in lesions as a result of toxic waste dumped in Ivory Coast in 2006 . The United Nations says the 2006 dumping in Ivory Coast killed 15 people and sickened about 100,000 others . Trafigura is offering $ 1,536  or 950 British pounds  per person to settle a lawsuit stemming from the dumping of 500 tons of toxic waste off Ivory Coast , or Cote d'Ivoire , a company spokeswoman said Monday . The law firm representing the claimants has said in the past it represents up to 30,000 people , making the settlement potentially worth about $ 46 million . A judge still must approve the deal before it becomes final . The Trafigura spokeswoman , Alex Nelless of the public relations firm Bell Pottinger , said she did not know if a court date had been set . The Dutch-based company does not admit liability in the settlement and aggressively fought the suit . It threatened to sue media outlets , including the BBC , for its reporting of the case . The British law firm representing the victims Monday refused to comment on any aspect of the case or to confirm the existence of a settlement . Nisha Patel , a spokeswoman for Leigh Day and Co. in London , said she did not know when the firm would be able to comment . Trafigura also sued Leigh Day for libel , a suit that Trafigura said had been "  resolved . " Last week , the United Nations said that Trafigura caused death and injury when the cargo ship Probo Koala dumped 500 tons of toxic waste belonging to the company at sites around Abidjan , Ivory Coast 's largest city . "  According to official estimates , 15 people died , 69 people were hospitalized and over 100,000 others , complaining of nausea and vomiting after inhaling fumes , sought medical treatment after the incident , " said the report released Wednesday by Okechukwu Ibeanu , an unpaid investigator for the Geneva , Switzerland-based U.N. Human Rights Council . The areas where the toxic waste was dumped still have not been decontaminated and continue to threaten residents ' health , Ibeanu said last month . Many people , he said , report headaches , skin lesions , digestive difficulties and nose , throat and lung problems , according to a U.N. statement . Trafigura rejects the U.N. findings and said the investigator ignored repeated offers to see the results of the company 's own studies . It said 20 experts it had hired did not find a link between "  exposure to the chemicals released from the slops -LSB- toxic waste -RSB- and deaths , miscarriages , stillbirths , birth defects , loss of visual acuity or other serious and chronic injuries . " It admits that a contractor dumped the toxic waste but denies responsibility . "  It remains Trafigura 's position that it did not foresee , and could not have foreseen , the reprehensible acts of Compagnie Tommy in dumping the slops in and around Abidjan in August and September 2006 , and that Compagnie Tommy acted entirely independently of , and without any authority from , Trafigura , " the company said in a statement Saturday . "  Nevertheless , Trafigura regrets that this incident occurred and is pleased that the matter has now been resolved , " it said . Trafigura said the statement was being issued jointly with Leigh Day and that a court had ordered the law firm to publish the statement on its Web site . CNN could not find the statement on Leigh Day 's site , and the firm 's spokeswoman declined to say if it was there . "  While we certainly do not accept legal liability , Trafigura regrets the Probo Koala incident and in particular the distress that it caused the local population , " company director Eric de Turckheim said in a statement . Trafigura says on its Web site that it has "  access to approximately $ 17 billion in credit facilities and investments ... around the world of more than $ 1 billion . "	U.N. says 2006 dumping in Ivory Coast killed 15 people , sickened about 100,000 Firm offers $ 1,536 per person to settle suit stemming from dumping of toxic waste Settlement potentially could be worth $ 46 million ; judge must still approve deal Dutch firm Trafigura says contractor dumped toxic waste , but it denies responsibility
London  CNN  -- Police have arrested the man believed to be at the center of a security alert Friday that closed a major shopping street in central London , a police spokesman said . After the arrest , officers searched the building on Tottenham Court Road to make sure it was safe , the Metropolitan Police said . No hostages have been identified , police said . "  After contact with our specialist police negotiators the man came out of the building , and was arrested , " Commander Mak Chishty said in a written statement . "  He is now in police custody . "  Items were thrown from the window onto the street below , " Chishty added . "  We were concerned that he may have explosive materials or flammable liquids with him . Our immediate concern was for the safety of the people inside the building and for the general public in the vicinity . "  During the course of the incident a number of people who were inside the building left peacefully , " he said . Earlier unconfirmed eyewitness reports suggested the man might have had some kind of canister attached to his body and had threatened to explode it . A Metropolitan Police spokesman earlier told CNN the police did not know if the man , age 49 , was armed . Officers carrying some kind of weapons -- it is not clear whether they were live firearms or stun guns -- were sent to the scene . Police do not commonly carry firearms in Britain . A vehicle labeled "  police explosive search dogs " also arrived and dogs could be seen on the closed-off street . A 300-meter  980-foot  cordon was put in place on Tottenham Court Road , London 's Metropolitan Police said . The police declined to confirm reports that a sniper was positioned on a nearby roof . The alarm was first raised around noon , with reports of a man causing a disturbance and throwing objects from an upper floor window . Police said electrical equipment was among the items tossed to the street below . Unconfirmed eyewitness reports suggest the man entered an office building housing an employment agency . The man , who appeared to be unstable , had some kind of canister strapped to him and threatened to blow it up , the witnesses said . A police spokesman confirmed the force had received reports from the public suggesting the man had canisters attached to him but said officers could not confirm that themselves . A tweet from the Metropolitan Police said : "  There are no reported injuries and it 's unclear if other people in the building . " A number of buildings in the area have been evacuated and half a dozen ambulances are at the scene . They have not yet been put to use . The incident caused major disruption on a street usually busy with traffic , shoppers and local workers on their lunch break . "  We advise people to keep clear of the area due to congestion , " the police said via Twitter . Warren Street Underground station has been closed at the request of the police , Transport for London said . Goodge Street Underground station , which was closed because of the alert , was reopened shortly after the arrest . Buildings used by students at University College London and a big London hospital are in the area . The alert comes three months ahead of the Olympic Games in London , when a major security operation will be in place . CNN 's Raja Razek , Nic Robertson and Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	NEW : "  After contact with our specialist police negotiators the man came out , " police say Authorities reopen Goodge Street Tube station but Warren Street station is closed The man at the center of the security alert is in custody , police say No hostages have been identified , police say
Chelsea Clinton is waiting to find out the gender of her baby because , as she told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , "  there are so few mysteries in life ... in which any answer is a happy one . " Clinton and her husband , Marc Mezvinsky , announced in April they were expecting their first child . But no other details were given -- such as the due date or the gender of the baby . Recently , when any member of the Clinton family was asked about the sex of the child , they have said they do n't know because the couple wants to be surprised . "  My husband and I decided we would enjoy this mystery for , you know , the nine-plus months that we were granted , " Chelsea Clinton said during a panel discussion on Ebola with Zakaria Tuesday . "  And we are eager to find out what God will have given us . " "  Is n't it strange that the doctors around you know , but you do n't know ? " Zakaria asked . "  No , " she said . "  I think the doctors around me know lots of things that I do n't know . " Chelsea is Bill and Hillary Clinton 's only child , and the focus on her first baby -- and the Clintons ' first grandchild -- has been intense . Even President Barack Obama weighed in , jokingly telling the audience at the Clinton Global Initiative Tuesday that if Chelsea went into labor while he was nearby , "  she has my motorcade and will be able to navigate traffic . " Earlier this week , Bill Clinton dropped a baby hint when he told CNN that he hopes to be a grandfather "  by the first of October . " Until then , the Clintons had kept Chelsea 's due date a secret . Chelsea Clinton 's full panel interview with Zakaria will air Sunday at 10 a.m. ET . What we know	Chelsea Clinton : "  There are so few mysteries in life ... in which any answer is a happy one " Clinton and husband Marc Mezvinsky announced in April they were expecting Attention on the child -- Bill and Hillary Clinton 's first grandchild -- has been intense Bill Clinton told CNN earlier this week that the baby is due around October 1
CNN  -- South Korean union and civic groups are gearing up for large protests against the G-20 , which plans a summit in Seoul in November . About four dozen union and civic groups have joined to oppose G-20 efforts , such as globalizing financial systems , the Korean Confederation of Trade Unions has announced . Businesses have maximized profits while eroding workers ' job security and labor rights , said the trade union , which aims to highlight such issues . Collectively , the Group of 20 accounts for about 85 percent of global economic output . The 1997 Asian financial crisis prompted creation of the group , which aims to stabilize the world financial market . The G-20 includes industrialized nations and developing economies , which focus on economic issues and economic policy coordination . The Group of Eight continues to focus on issues such as global security . The G-20 held its last summit in June in Toronto , Canada . Hundreds of protesters were arrested as violence and vandalism broke out . Cars were set on fire , windows were broken and graffiti was sprayed . Some protesters were tear gassed , though no serious injuries were reported .	About four dozen groups have joined to oppose G-20 efforts The Group of 20 plans a summit in Seoul in November Collectively , the G-20 accounts for about 85 percent of global economic output
CNN  -- Until death do us apart and beyond ... I sent him a text message from holiday saying : "  Having a great time in Spain . I am riding an authentic Arabic horse . " His reply came within seconds saying : "  Well , if that horse knew how to speak Spanish he would have gone to the police and complained . " He was referring to my weight . It is exactly this kind of response that I miss most . I miss his promptitude and presence of mind . They say war brings the worst out of people but what about prison ? Especially if it was a prison run and supervised by the Syrian security apparatus ? Over the course of the Syrian revolution I read and heard of many horrific stories about the grave situation in the prisons . I never imagined it could be this bad . When he was arrested in January this year I knew that getting him released would not be easy . I realized all too well the struggle ahead of us . I panicked ; at one point I wished that he was killed but not arrested . No human being would want to be a guest in one of those prisons . Nonetheless I , along with my family and friends , tried my best to reach to him . We paid an endless number of bribes and gifts to those people misleadingly called security men . They are anything but security men . Heartless , cold , and vile are more fitting terms . We are not alone in this struggle ; thousands if not hundreds of thousands of Syrian families are suffering the agonizing pain of having loved ones behind the bars of one of the security branches . The Assad legacy in brutality is most evident in those branches . The late dictator , Hafez Assad , the father of the current dictator , made a point of creating more security branches in Syria than olive tree branches . Our journey to find my loved one and help him , or at least lessen his suffering , has uncovered ugly realities that we never acknowledged before . Torture is not a new phenomenon to us but I did n't realize how widespread and vile it is . When one of his fellow inmates was released he came to visit us and told us that the prison he was in was a hell hole . Forty men are crammed in an extremely small room , stripped naked except for underwear and forbidden from showering . He said every day a ruthless commander would come in and call few names then declare : "  Come with me to be executed . " This was enough to keep every one of these men on edge every night . I think he spent his nights thinking if he will ever live the following day . According to his released fellow inmate , the dirty and unhygienic place led to a weird skin disease spreading between inmates . The food was very poor and the heat was overwhelming . Despite the rather disturbing details of his situation we experienced a sense of relief because he was definitely alive . We tried everything , everyone and every possible route but we had no luck . He was n't involved in the events ; he was n't an activist so his arrest was a puzzle for us . We were naÃ ¯ ve to try establishing the reason for his arrest ; after all , you do n't have to do anything to be arrested in Syria . Some people reported some of their family members were arrested and never returned over an argument with neighbors who were well connected . Others said their relatives were taken by the security men for no apparent reason other than being from a liberated village or city , even if they were n't involved themselves in the events . The released inmate said he was arrested because he had an argument with a passenger who hired his taxi . When they got to one of the security barriers spread all over Syria , the passenger said to the security men that he was insulting the regime . That was enough to arrest him . The world is most concerned about the number of dead and refugees because their suffering is more evident . From my own experience I can say that those unjustly arrested men and women are suffering immensely , probably much more than refugees . In addition to torture , humiliation and degrading treatment , they are forbidden from seeing their families or having any form of communication with them . And for those families outside , the wait can not be more excruciating . I spent most of the last few months fighting the sense of helplessness and incapability . Can you imagine knowing your loved one is going through so much pain and suffering and you can not do anything about it ? I prayed , cried , and sometimes tried to forget about him but I could n't . After a series of lies and misleading stories we were told that he was about to be released because of a presidential pardon . I felt slightly better but continued to try to find ways to get in touch with him or secure his release because I never trusted Assad before all of this brutality and wo n't ever trust him . My brother wrote that day on his Facebook page : "  Pray for the prisoners , they have been given another lease of life . " This could n't be more true . Those who come out of these places often say it feels like being born again . One prisoner sent a message to his mom through one of his released inmates to pray that he dies because he could n't take it anymore . She did and he died . A report issued recently by a human rights violation watchdog outlined the torture methods used in the Syrian security branches . I could n't finish it . Nobody can if they have one of their loved ones inside . The most shocking element of this report was that when a prisoner dies , his body sometimes is left with the inmates and nobody is allowed to touch him . One prisoner was hanged from his hands for a long time during which he witnessed the body of his friend decay on the floor and insects come in and out of his body for days . He died later , probably in front of other observers . I thought what we were going through was the ultimate pain . I was wrong . I was in the kitchen making coffee and felt that everybody around me was acting funny . There was an unexplained , awkward feeling among us . They knew the news and were finding the best way to break it to me . They knew how much I loved him . I made it even more difficult when I mentioned him exactly at that time and said that I missed him and looked forward to seeing him again . After many failed attempts , one of them plucked the courage and told said to me that he was dead . The regime had killed him . The pain was so sharp and immense , I felt as if somebody had physically stabbed me . I gasped for air and sat down . Then a crazy feeling overcame me . I felt a sense of relief . He is not in pain anymore . He is not being tortured , he is not beaten until he bleeds , he is not being made to say that Bashar is the only god . After the initial shock had elapsed I started asking questions . When ? How ? Funeral ? Then it hit me . This regime is capable of hurting us even after death . First of all he died two weeks before we knew about it and we only found out about it by chance . We bribed somebody to check his name and he found his name on the dead list . The bribed informer called one of our family members and asked her to go and collect his ID and the death statement . Forty years under the emergency law which allows security men to arrest anybody anywhere has made Syrians obsessed with their IDs , hoping they do n't get arrested due to errors in names . Then a bitter horrible feeling crept over my entire body . The corpse ? Where is his body ? They wrote in clear Arabic text on the death statement "  The body shall not be given to the family . " They did n't bother to write the cause of death . I knew all along that this regime is capable of everything and anything , nothing is too brutal or ruthless . But for a split second I hoped they 'd give us the body to bury . I understand them now all too well . Not only does this regime cause you pain and suffering in knowing that your loved ones are probably wishing they die sooner than later , but it can also strip away from you the sense of closure you so much need in such case . I wanted to bury him . Is this too much to ask ? I wanted to say goodbye and probably hug his body one last time . I wanted to lay him in peace . Another bribe and we learnt he was buried in a mass grave . While the world debates whether to strike the Syrian regime or not , this kind of suffering will continue .	Author tells of trying to free someone she loves from a Syrian jail She hears of sickening accounts of torture in prisons The author tried bribing officials to get her loved one free
CNN  Myanmar has stripped away temporary voting rights given to the country 's embattled Rohingya minority only a day earlier , following protests by Buddhist nationalists . About 1.3 million Rohingya , a Muslim minority , live in Buddhist-majority Myanmar , where they are regarded as foreign interlopers from neighboring Bangladesh , and face widespread prejudice . Hundreds of thousands instead hold temporary identity papers known as white cards . On Tuesday , a bill was enacted with a clause that would give white card holders the right to vote in a proposed referendum on the country 's constitution . The move prompted protesters , including many Buddhist monks , to take to the streets of Yangon Wednesday , demanding that the law be revoked . "  You played the white card stupidly , " read one protester 's banner . That evening , the office of President Thein Sein issued a statement saying that the white cards would expire at the end of March , canceling the holder 's newfound voting rights , the state-run New Light of Myanmar newspaper reported . READ MORE : ` Caught between a hammer and an anvil ' The statement said that white card holders would have two months from the expiry of their cards on March 31 to surrender them to authorities , who would then assess their citizenship status under the country 's citizenship laws . The president 's office also said it would establish an advisory commission to look into the question of white cards , which it noted had "  been an issue among the public . " In December , the United Nations passed a resolution urging Myanmar to give access to citizenship for the Rohingya , many of whom are subject to extreme discrimination . Following waves of deadly communal violence in 2012 , more than 100,000 people in Myanmar 's impoverished Rakhine State are trapped in squalid internment camps which they are forbidden to leave of their own volition -- officially for their own protection . When the U.N. 's Assistant Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs , Kyung-wha Kang , visited Rakhine 's camps in June , she described witnessing "  a level of human suffering in IDP camps that I have personally never seen before . " Buddhist nationalists have been accused of stoking much of the anti-Rohingya sentiment , with a prominent monk recently calling a U.N. official a "  whore " for her comments in defense of the minority . READ MORE : Top U.N. official slams monk over ` whore ' comments On the urging of the international community , Myanmar has outlined a pathway for delivering citizenship to the Rohingya . But critics say while it has the potential to provide some Rohingya citizenship , it is likely to define hundreds of thousands as illegal aliens , to be eventually deported . Myanmar is expected to hold a referendum on the country 's constitution ahead of the general election scheduled for October or November . Opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi , whose National League for Democracy is favored to win at the polls , has been campaigning to change the constitution . In its present form it allocates a quarter of parliamentary seats to the military , which ruled the country for nearly half a century . READ MORE : Why is Aung San Suu Kyi silent on the Rohingya question ? READ MORE : Rohingya ` not welcome '	Myanmar gave members of the Rohingya minority the right to vote in future constitutional referendum The move drew sharp protests from Buddhist nationalists , and was quickly revoked Myanmar faces international pressure to grant citizenship to the stateless Rohingya minority
Thoreau , New Mexico  CNN  -- Almost hidden in the spectacular red rock country of northwestern New Mexico is a tiny charity that educates and houses almost 200 Native American children and their families . The St. Bonaventure Indian Mission and School , affiliated with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gallup , mostly survives on donations , which it promises to use wisely . The need is apparent once you step onto the grounds . And that 's why mission executives agreed to work with one of the world 's largest direct mail companies , which solicits donations for hundreds of nonprofit and charity clients in the United States . They wanted to raise as much money as they could . They signed a contract with Quadriga Art in 2008 and , according to internal financial statements , saw more than $ 9 million in donations flow in over a four-year period . But almost none of the money went to the mission . Instead , school officials acknowledge that the mission owes more than $ 5 million to Quadriga Art . And evidence suggests that several other charities also owe the company huge sums of money It raises questions about how much of the billions of dollars Americans donate each year actually help the intended charities , something that the Senate Finance Committee is exploring as part of its ongoing investigation into another charity linked to Quadriga . On Tuesday , the committee issued questions to Quadriga officials to explore how the company raised money for the Disabled Veterans National Foundation , it said . In response , Quadriga said , it "  volunteered " some information to the committee and will cooperate with the investigation . In addition to the Senate inquiry , attorneys general for New York and California are investigating Quadriga for possible fraudulent practices , sources say . The company has provided documents to New York investigators , multiple sources confirm to CNN . And sources say California officials have also requested documents from key Quadriga executives . The executive director of St. Bonaventure Indian Mission and School , Chris Halter , went to New York to meet with Quadriga officials after being contacted by CNN , sources said . In an e-mail , Halter wrote that the debt was the result of a "  pilot program " that did not succeed . "  In this effort Quadriga/Brickmill  Brickmill is an affiliated marketing services company  agreed to finance the mailings and bear the risk of any losses if the campaign did not succeed , " Halter said in that email . "  Unfortunately , this project started just a month before the recession began and was not profitable . Accordingly , the mission negotiated with Quadriga/Brickmill to end the pilot project early and Quadriga/Brickmill concurred . As had been agreed , the mission now owes Quadriga/Brickmill nothing for this pilot project , " Halter also told CNN . "  Quadriga has helped enable the Mission to deliver water and food services and keep its school open during lean economic times by allowing the Mission to delay repayment of part of its bills on generous , no interest payment terms . " But the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gallup , which has overall responsibility for the St. Bonaventure Mission , says it knew nothing of the debt until it was contacted by CNN . "  We have serious concerns about that company , " said James Mason , an attorney for the diocese . "  And the fact that they reached out to an entity in our diocese and potentially would jeopardize these good services , educational and otherwise that are being provided . " In an e-mail , Quadriga spokewoman Melissa Schwartz wrote , "  Sometimes the program is successful , and sometimes it results in a net loss for Quadriga Art . " She added , "  We are proud of our ability to take on start-up organizations that do not have an email list , donor file or the money on hand that it takes to build a long-term , revenue-producing direct mail program . " In a web video posted by Quadriga CEO Mark Schulhof to his company 's clients , he did not address directly the question of state or Senate investigations . "  Not once have we been fined ; not once have we ever been charged , " Schulhof said . "  We get inquiries all the time from states " because forms are filled out incorrectly . Other charities Internal financial documents show that at least 11 charities now owe the company millions of dollars , a result of direct mail campaigns failing to bring in enough money from donations to cover the cost of the campaigns themselves . In a statement , a Quadriga spokesman said the financial information was "  grossly inaccurate " when it came to profit numbers . The company further stated that "  a complete , independent , third party audit of Quadriga 's financial information has indicated that Quadriga has not made any net profit on the accounts you list . " Spokesmen for several Quadriga charity clients acknowledge that they owe the company amounts ranging from about $ 200,000 to millions of dollars . Leading the list of charities owing money to Quadriga is the Washington-based Disabled Veterans National Foundation . The Senate Finance Committee began investigating the foundation 's tax-exempt status after a series of CNN reports broadcast in May . Florida investigators have been examining the foundation amid accusations of creating misleading representations in a direct mail campaign authored by Quadriga , according to the state Department of Agriculture and Consumer Affairs . Documents show that the Disabled Veterans National Foundation owes Quadriga more than $ 15 million . As part of their investigation , Florida officials say the foundation , which says it has raised nearly $ 70 million in donations since 2007 , has also acknowledged an extraordinary payment to another charity . According to documents obtained under the Florida Public Records Law , the Disabled Veterans National Foundation agreed to pay $ 325,000 to a charity called the Disabled Veterans Life Memorial Foundation . A letter from the Memorial Foundation 's chief operating officer , Rick Fenstermacher , says the payment was because of a "  striking resemblance " between letters appealing for money on behalf of the Disabled Veterans National Foundation and similar letters mailed on behalf of the Memorial Foundation . "  It appeared that our proprietary information and intellectual property rights had been violated , " the letter stated . In the settlement agreement , Quadriga did not admit to any wrongdoing , and the veterans charity said the agreement "  speaks for itself . " The Disabled Veterans National Foundation also said the mailings in question were out the door before the settlement could be agreed upon . Despite the huge payment , nowhere in the Disabled Veterans National Foundation 's mailings to prospective donors did it acknowledge that donated funds would be used to pay for a out-of-court settlement to another charity . The common denominator between the two charities is their direct-mail fundraiser , Quadriga . The memorial foundation , which plans to build a statue and memorial to disabled veterans on Capitol Hill near the Rayburn House Office Building , stopped using Quadriga in 2008 , five months before the settlement agreement was reached . As for the Disabled Veterans National Foundation , it has embarked on an expensive new mailing campaign , launched after the Senate Finance Committee began its investigation . On behalf of the charity , Quadriga said , it sent 750,000 letters , each with a $ 1 bill enclosed , in an effort to raise more money . Roger Craver , a veteran of more than 50 years of direct-mail fundraising on behalf of nonprofits and charities , offered his opinion on the ethics and legalities of surrounding Quadriga and similar outfits : "  The fact that  that  company puts forth money for this purpose is not unethical per se . It 's not illegal per se , " he said . "  But what is problematic is ... if the charity is promising to do something with the money that the donor sends and there 's no money going to it ... if no money has gone to the charitable purpose , then that 's fraudulent . " "  Big mistake " The CEO of another Quadriga client , a Los Angeles-based charity called Help the Children , said he had made a "  big mistake " in signing a contract with the company . Roger Presgrove said he tried to cancel the contract a year after signing it but was unable to do so . He said Quadriga told him that Help the Children owed $ 285,000 , and the charity could n't pay it . Ultimately , the debt was whittled down to less than $ 200,000 , Presgrove said , which was still money he did not have . Of the roughly $ 800,000 raised in donations by the Quadriga campaign , Presgrove said , his charity kept about $ 32,000 : less than 5 % . "  So we had to take money out of our reserves to keep our programs going  to  fulfill what we said we would do . And in the meantime , we 're the ones who are struggling , and they 're the one who is doing extremely well . " Asked whether he felt that Quadriga had "  ripped him off , " Presgrove replied , "  Oh , yeah . " But after CNN asked Quadriga for its reaction , Presgrove retracted his statements . Presgrove acknowledged that before he spoke to CNN , he e-mailed a Quadriga executive , saying that unless he was let out of his contract , he would go to CNN with his story . In less than an hour , a Quadriga executive agreed . "  I think it is in everyone 's interest to end this and move on , " the executive wrote back . Despite his agreement with Quadriga , Presgrove granted an on-camera interview anyway . Two days later , CNN received a phone call from a Quadriga spokesman , and Presgrove himself wrote CNN , saying he wanted to retract what he had said . The Quadriga spokesman also said Presgrove 's interview should be retracted because he had just undergone a medical procedure and was in no condition to answer questions . Quadriga claimed that CNN had "  dragged " him to an interview . CNN disputes that assertion . Still later , Presgrove texted CNN , asking not to air the interview : "  I have to get out of this contract and that was the deal . No interview and I 'm out . Sorry . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Tiny New Mexico charity owes $ 5 million to direct mail firm That firm , Quadriga Art , is linked to a Senate committee inquiry The Senate is exploring how Quadriga raised money for one charity At least 11 charities owe Quadriga millions of dollars
