CNN Student News  -- December 16 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Washington , D.C. • Boston , Massachusetts Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : We 're seniors at Tulare Union High School , and you 're watching ... . ENTIRE GROUP : ... CNN Student News ! Woo ! CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Want to thank my seniors for that very energetic introduction . I 'm Carl Azuz . This is CNN Student News . And in our penultimate program of 2010 , we present some perspectives on privacy . But first though , we 're headed to Washington , D.C. First Up : Senate Tax Vote AZUZ : 81 yays ; 19 nays . So , the tax cut plan passes in the U.S. Senate . This is the compromise that President Obama and Republican leaders came up with that would extend a series of tax cuts for another two years . Yesterday , the Senate approved the plan which would cost more than $ 850 billion . Now though , it has to go through the House of Representatives . Some of the Democratic members there are n't happy with parts of this plan , so this is not a something that is set in stone . Oil Spill Lawsuit AZUZ : The U.S. government is filing a lawsuit over this year 's massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . The suit is aimed at BP and eight other companies who were involved in the spill . When he made the announcement yesterday , Attorney General Eric Holder said "  we intend to hold them fully accountable for their violations of the law . " The lawsuit , which accuses the companies of failing to prevent or control the spill , is one of nearly 80 suits that are all being combined together . CEO Meeting AZUZ : And a meeting brings together politics and big business . President Obama got together yesterday with the heads of 20 of America 's biggest companies , including Google , American Express and PepsiCo . Here , you can see the president walking to the meeting at Blair House just across the street from the White House . He said the goal was to find ways to boost the economy and increase hiring . The group talked about energy , taxes and trade with other countries . One CEO who was at the meeting said he hoped it would provide the opportunity to figure out some plans to help the economy . Shoutout JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! Which of these ships was involved in the Boston Tea Party ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Was it the : A  Dartmouth , B  Merrimack , C  Mayflower or D  Pinafore ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The Dartmouth was one of the ships involved in the Boston Tea Party . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Boston Tea Party Anniversary AZUZ : That famous protest happened 237 years ago today . A group of colonists disguised themselves as Native Americans , went on ships in Boston Harbor , and dumped hundreds of chests of tea overboard . What they were protesting against was the British Tea Act . Remember , the American colonies were controlled by Great Britain back then . Some colonists were angry about the taxes being created by the British government . The British parliament was furious about the Boston Tea Party and set up more laws in Boston . All of this helped to eventually lead to the American Revolution . Shoutout Extra Credit MICHELLE WRIGHT , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for a Shoutout Extra Credit ! Who is the founder of Facebook ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  Bill Gates , B  Shawn Fanning , C  Steve Jobs or D  Mark Zuckerberg ? Another three seconds on the clock -- GO ! Zuckerberg started the social networking site when he was a student at Harvard University . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout Extra Credit ! Person of the Year AZUZ : That was back in 2003 . In 2010 , Mark Zuckerberg is TIME Magazine 's person of the year . TIME is owned by Time Warner , the same company that owns CNN . Other people who were considered for this year 's award : the Chilean miners , the Tea Party movement , and the founder of WikiLeaks . TIME said that it chose Zuckerberg because his social networking site has had a huge impact on how we communicate and do business . The magazine pointed out that Facebook has linked one-twelfth of the entire world into a single network . If Facebook was a country , it would be the third largest country on the planet . What You Share Online ? AZUZ : Nearly half of all Americans have a Facebook account . We know a lot of you do . When you post something online , even if it 's meant to be private , there 's a good chance it can end up being public . I talked with some Atlanta-area teens and their parents recently about how much privacy they expect to have when they log on . BEGIN VIDEO AZUZ : As far as phones go , and sharing your numbers , how many of you expect your numbers to remain private ? And have you ever gotten a text or a call from a number you did n't recognize ? GROUP : Yes ADAM VRTIS , STUDENT : But that 's normally from someone that 's given my number to someone else , not that I approved it . So , never mind , hand goes down ! KATHERINE THORNBURGH , STUDENT : I tell my friends not to give away my phone number , but it still happens . AZUZ : These suburban Atlanta teenagers may want their phone number to be private , but I found their expectations were very different when it comes to the internet . Do you expect what you post online to be private ? VRTIS : No , I do n't . AZUZ : Why not ? VRTIS : Everyone sees it , the internet . It 's the world wide web ; everyone can get to it . I 'm pretty careful about what I put on it . HANNAH GALT , STUDENT : I know nothing 's really private . AZUZ : So , how does that affect what you post on Facebook ? GALT : I do n't say anything that I do n't want anyone to hear . AZUZ : It 's a caution instilled by their parents . How much privacy do you give him on Facebook ? LORI VRTIS , PARENT : Very little . If they do want privacy , they can get a journal , they can write in it , keep it in their desk drawer . I will never read it . But when you 're posting something that everyone can look at , I 'm going to look at it also . KAREN THORNBURGH , PARENT : Anything you 're willing to put out there in a written form , be willing to stand up in front of the whole high school and announce this . ARIA GALT , PARENT : Well , I teach in a school , so we deal with a lot of these issues each day . And so , I sometimes talk about situations that I 've encountered at work and hoping that maybe something would be learned from those as well . AZUZ : And while all three students said they 'd texted something they wished they could take back , they were far more reserved in their internet behavior , largely because of their parents ' involvement . JOE VRTIS , PARENT : Professing the ignorance of it and not monitoring it , I think you 're setting yourself up for failure as a parent . I think the kids definitely need guidance . END VIDEO Career Connections AZUZ : It 's time for another edition of Career Connections . Our own Tomeka Jones joins me here . Tomeka , I hear you 're focusing on the investigative side of journalism today . TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS ASSOCIATE PRODUCER : That 's right , Carl . Amber Lyon is an investigative reporter and correspondent for CNN . Before she started working here , she moved to Central America to help improve herself as a journalist . Amber credits her mother for helping her decide what career path she wanted to take . And she says she 's successful because she has a passion for journalism and knew she could n't fail at it . BEGIN VIDEO AMBER LYON , CNN CORRESPONDENT : The reason I love being a journalist is that you can really make a huge difference in society . A video , I say , can say a million words . General assignment is more you do the breaking news , the quick-turn stories that feed the daily news . They 're very important . You 'll find a lot more general assignment reporters than you ever will investigative reporters . Investigative is more like , we find one issue and maybe spend sometimes an entire year looking into it and getting down to the bottom of it . It 's more documentary style . One thing you 'll have to learn in news more than anything is that , how can you make your story different , how can you get the public 's attention ? My whole goal with Backpack Reporters is to be able to bring them on stories with us . Let them experience the story , kind of , we 're going to be taking a journey and I 'm going to bring you with me . So , with the backpack , I look at it as , okay , I 'm going to throw on my backpack and come with me ; we 're going to go on a journey to find the story . And I just try to make it really intimate with viewers so that they can connect to it . A lesson to everybody , whether you 're a journalist or any other type of career , is be willing to take risks . Because if you 're truly passionate about it , follow your passion and success will follow , and it will pay off in the end . END VIDEO Promo AZUZ : We 've been making Career Connections all semester . Now , we want to hear from you . Students , go to our blog at CNNStudentNews.com . Tell us what careers have sparked your interest . And teachers , check out the CNN Teachers ' Lounge and share how you address careers in your classrooms . The blog , the Teachers ' Lounge : they 're both at CNNStudentNews.com ! Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , we 've got a tail that takes a long time to tell . Say , 25 years . That 's how long Misty here has been around . That would make her 175 in dog years . And if the folks at the record books can confirm that , she will officially be the oldest dog in the world . Misty 's owner has to provide the proof , and that includes the seven years before he adopted her . Goodbye AZUZ : You know , the part of her life that he mist-y . Hey , at least we did n't make a joke about an old dog needing to walk with a cane-ine . Or about Misty being the mutt of a bunch of jokes ? We 'll roll over and try again tomorrow . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Examine some of the stories making headlines in Washington , D.C. Find out why TIME Magazine named Facebook 's founder the Person of the Year Investigate the career advice offered in our latest Career Connection Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
House Speaker John Boehner flatly denied Tuesday that congressional Republicans are moving to impeach President Barack Obama , blasting talk about it as "  a scam started by Democrats at the White House . " "  We have no plans to impeach the President . We have no future plans , " Boehner told reporters after a weekly meeting with GOP members . Boehner said "  this whole talk about impeachment " comes from "  the President 's own staff " and from congressional Democrats . "  Why ? Because they 're trying to rally their people to give money and to show up in this year 's elections , " he said . Boehner has emphasized several times publicly that he disagrees with former GOP vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin and other conservatives pushing impeachment over their claims Obama 's grossly exceeded his executive authority . A recent CNN-ORC opinion poll shows that almost two thirds of Americans do not believe Obama deserves to be impeached . In that same poll , however , a partisan split shows that 57 % of Republicans support such a step , while 86 % of Democrats and 63 % of Independents do n't . White House : Game on Boehner 's decision to sue Obama was designed to address outrage from tea party activists and others within the GOP base over a string of Obama executive orders they say circumvented Congress . The lawsuit covers his decision last year to defer a health law requirement that businesses provide insurance coverage to their employees . But the suit also opened the door to more discussion about impeaching the second-straight Democratic president by a Republican-led House . The issue was magnified when incoming House GOP whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana refused to take the issue off the table during an interview over the weekend . Dan Pfeiffer , a longtime aide and senior Obama adviser said last week that impeachment talk should not be considered a long shot . "  I would not discount that possibility , " Pfeiffer said . Pfeiffer said that the lawsuit was evidence Republicans would consider impeachment down the road . Congressional Democrats have seized on the issue and show no sign of letting up . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid raised the subject on the Senate floor on Tuesday at about the same time Boehner was ruling it out . "  Look in the papers today , the American people are totally opposed to this , " Reid said . "  We should n't be off on those tracks of impeachment and suing the President . We should be legislating . " In the month since Boehner announced his lawsuit , the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has raised nearly $ 7.6 million ahead of the November midterms . But the campaign arm has pulled in $ 1 million alone since Scalise 's comments on impeachment over the weekend . With the resolution to formally authorize the lawsuit expected on the House floor on Wednesday , House Democrats are likely to continue to argue , regardless of Boehner 's comments , that that move is simply the first step toward impeachment . Cheney : Any attempt to impeach Obama would be distraction	Boehner says talk of impeachment coming from Dems and White House He says House GOP has no plans to impeach Obama over executive actions Sarah Palin and other conservatives are pushing for such a step Boehner , however , is suing the President over Obamacare
Hundreds of people were killed in raids by Boko Haram Islamic militants in northeast Nigeria 's Borno state , on the border with Cameroon , with some sources putting the death toll at 400 to 500 . On Tuesday , heavily armed men dressed as soldiers in all-terrain vehicles and on motorcycles attacked neighboring Goshe , Attagara , Agapalwa and Aganjara villages in Gwoza district , shooting residents to death and burning homes . The attacks forced surviving villagers to flee to Cameroon and into the Mandara Mountains on the border . "  The killings are massive . Nobody can say how many people were killed , but the figure runs into some hundreds , " said Peter Biye , a lawmaker in Nigeria 's lower parliament representing the Gwoza region . "  The area is still under the control of the insurgents , and residents ca n't go back to bury the dead because of the danger involved , " he said . On Wednesday , a military jet bombarded Boko Haram positions to dislodge the militants from the villages they have occupied , forcing them to temporarily withdraw . "  They returned immediately after the jet left , making it too risky for villagers to return to bury the dead , " Biye said . Dead bodies litter the area around the attacked villages . Ground troops have yet to go to the area to push out the insurgents , he said . The attackers , who posed as soldiers , told residents they had come to protect them from Boko Haram and asked them to assemble . They singled out men and boys and opened fire on them , Biye said . A local leader in Attagara village , who fled to nearby Madagali town in neighboring Adamawa state , said the death toll was staggering . "  The death is unimaginable . We have lost between 400 and 500 people in the attacks in which men and male children were not spared , " said the local leader , who asked not to be named for security reasons . "  The gunmen pursued on motorcycle people who fled into the bush in a bid to escape and shot them dead . "  Even nursing mothers had their male infants snatched from their backs and shot dead before their eyes , " the local leader said . The insurgents destroyed mobile phone towers in the region , so news of attacks is usually slow to emerge and verification of death tolls difficult to obtain . If the death toll is confirmed , it will be the worst attack by Boko Haram in its five-year insurgency that has killed thousands , mostly in the northeast . Boko Haram : A bloody insurgency , a growing challenge On May 5 , the group killed 315 people in the town of Gamboru Ngala on the border with Cameroon not far from Gwoza , where they burned a market , businesses and several homes . Meanwhile , dozens of Boko Haram fighters stormed Madagali town early Thursday , burning a church and a local government administrative building after subduing military and police personnel , a local official said . Residents said two civilians were killed in crossfire during a shootout between soldiers and the gunmen . "  They came around 6 a.m. ... in 10 all-terrain vehicles and on several motorcycles , all dressed in military uniforms , " said Maina Ularamu , a Madagali local government chairman . The gunmen overran a police checkpoint , forcing policemen to flee , and then opened fire on a military checkpoint just outside the town , where they engaged soldiers in a shootout . After overwhelming the soldiers who withdrew from the checkpoint , the gunmen attacked and burned a Roman Catholic church and a local government office opposite it , Ularamu said . 4 Nigerian villages reeling after Boko Haram attack : ` We lost many people ' Nigeria backtracks on ban on protests for kidnapped girls in capital Boko Haram raids Nigerian villages , killing 35	Heavily armed attackers dressed as soldiers kill 400 to 500 people , witnesses say Survivors flee to neighboring Cameroon and into the Mandara Mountains on the border Insurgents still control the area , "  and residents ca n't go back to bury the dead , " official says Insurgents destroyed mobile phone towers in the region , making communication difficult
In a case that Pope Francis says he 's taken an interest in after speaking to one of the alleged victims , a Spanish judge on Wednesday filed preliminary charges of sexual abuse against three Catholic priests and a religious teacher . Investigating magistrate Antonio Moreno , in the southern city of Granada , ordered the suspected ringleader , a priest , to post a $ 12,500 bond in order to leave jail , according to a court statement and spokeswoman . The suspect posted the bond , and Moreno released the others from custody without bond , the statement said . The four must report regularly to authorities and ca n't have any contact or communication with two alleged male victims , the court statement said . The judge 's decision came two days after the four were arrested , and just a day after Pope Francis told reporters that he called an alleged victim in August and urged him to come forward to authorities in Spain . "  The truth is the truth , and we must not hide it , " Pope Francis said aboard the papal plane , CNN Vatican contributor John Allen reported in a story for the Boston Globe . The Pope confirmed that he received a letter from a young man describing his plight . "  I received it and I read it , " Pope Francis said of the letter . "  I called the person and said , ` Tomorrow go to your bishop . ' I wrote to the bishop so he could start his work , do the investigation and go ahead , " the Pope said , Allen reported for the Globe . Spanish media have credited the young man 's letter to the Vatican -- alleging the abuse when he was a teenaged altar boy -- and then the surprise phone call from the Pope as big steps toward preventing the events from remaining a dark secret . Attorney Javier Muriel , representing all four defendants , told CNN that they deny the charges , while acknowledging they know the man who brought the complaint . The court investigation is under seal , and since it began , a second man has come forward to allege similar abuses . The Andalusia regional government 's education department in Granada is moving to terminate the contract for the high school religion teacher who 's facing the preliminary charges . He 's been teaching for seven years , up until Friday , but authorities do not want him back in the classroom , a department spokeswoman told CNN . On Sunday , the Archbishop of Granada and other clerics took the unusual step of prostrating themselves in the cathedral during Mass , "  asking forgiveness for the sins of Church , for all of the scandals that have , or might have , occurred among us , " the Granada Archdiocese website reported . The archbishop usually does that once a year , on Good Friday , but he lay on the floor of the cathedral Sunday because of the seriousness of the allegations , a Granada Archdiocese spokeswoman said . The archbishop earlier had removed an unspecified number of priests from their duties pending an investigation , she said . The arrests of three priests in a single day over sexual abuse allegations is the biggest case of its kind in Spain , said a spokesman in Madrid for the Spanish church leadership , known as the Episcopal Conference . Since 1997 , 10 priests have been convicted of sexual abuse , in individual cases , most recently in 2010 , the spokesman said . The Pope has called for "  zero tolerance " of sexual abuse by clerics and has said Catholic bishops "  will be held accountable " for failing to protect children from such abuse .	Judge files preliminary charges of sexual abuse against three priests , one religious teacher Magistrate orders suspected ringleader to post $ 12,500 bond , court statement says Pope Francis is weighing in : "  The truth is the truth , and we must not hide it " An attorney representing all four defendants tells CNN that they deny the charges
CNN  Iran will sign a final nuclear agreement only if economic sanctions against the nation are removed on the first day of the deal 's implementation , President Hassan Rouhani said Thursday . Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , the Islamic republic 's supreme leader , meanwhile , told state-run media outlets he is neither in favor nor against the proposed deal because it is n't final , and he 's not certain it will become binding because he has "  never been optimistic about negotiations with the U.S. " Six world powers and Iran reached a preliminary deal last week that aims to limit Tehran 's nuclear program in exchange for lifting economic sanctions . The United States , however , has stressed that if a final deal is reached with Iran , the removal of any sanctions will come in phases . But work on the agreement is n't finished . Negotiators from Iran and the United States , China , Germany , France , Britain and Russia have until June 30 to come up with a final deal . Khamenei said he supports the negotiators , but in several not-so-subtle shots at the United States , noted it is too soon to celebrate the proposed deal . "  Everything lies in the details , " Khamenei said in a Thursday address , according to Press TV . "  The other side , which is known for backpedaling on its commitments , may want to corner our country when it comes to the specifics . " What has been hashed out so far is no guarantee that the deal will become final , he said , and according to the Islamic Republic News Agency , the leader said he ca n't support or oppose the deal , especially when it 's possible "  the other disloyal party intends to limit our country . " Some have asked why Khamenei has n't taken a position on the talks , and the reason is simple , he said , according to IRNA : "  There is no need to take a position . Officials say nothing has been done yet and that nothing is binding . I am neither in favor nor against it . " Any final deal must "  ensure the interests and dignity of the  Iranian  nation , " he said , adding he will support an agreement that "  will safeguard national interests and dignity . " He said he 'd rather see the agreement fail than make a deal that jeopardizes Iran 's interests . "  What has happened so far will neither guarantee the agreement itself nor its content . It will not even guarantee completion of the negotiations . Therefore , it is meaningless to congratulate me or others about it , " he said . Rouhani said his government would not surrender to bullying , sanctions and threats , according to Press TV . "  We will not sign any deal unless on the very first day of its implementation all economic sanctions against Iran are lifted all at once , " Rouhani said at a ceremony to mark National Nuclear Technology Day in Tehran . President Barack Obama faces an uphill battle selling the deal to a skeptical Congress , which has threatened to impose new sanctions on Iran . U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz , a nuclear physicist and negotiator with Iran , estimated it would take six months after a final deal is signed for the sanctions to be lifted . He told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that it was a "  ballpark " figure contingent on a lot of work the Iranians will have to do beforehand . "  The core nuclear provisions must be satisfied ... the provisions that give us our confidence , " Moniz said . He said it 's in the "  hands of the Iranians " to fulfill steps such as reducing stockpiles and lowering the number of operating centrifuges . "  It will depend on their ability to execute those moves , " Moniz said . Asked if the Iranians were aware of that time frame during the negotiations -- before Rouhani called for the immediate lifting of sanctions -- Moniz said , "  Oh , yes , for sure . " The No. 3 House Republican leader said a bill to ease any sanctions does not stand much of a chance in the U.S. House of Representatives or Senate . "  The sanctions that were put in place -- again , very bipartisan sanctions passed by Congress years ago that were effective -- the only way to get rid of them completely would be for Congress to vote to ease those sanctions , " Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana said in a radio interview with WWL in New Orleans on Wednesday . "  We have n't had that vote . I do n't see that passing out of the House . I do n't even think it would pass out of the Senate right now . " Diplomats announced last week that they 'd come up with the framework for an agreement after a marathon stretch of late-night negotiations in Lausanne , Switzerland . The framework includes the easing of U.S. and U.N. sanctions on Iran if it takes certain steps to curb its nuclear program . Iran would reduce its stockpile of low-enriched uranium by 98 % for 15 years and significantly scale back its number of installed centrifuges , according to the plan . In exchange , the United States and the European Union would lift sanctions that have crippled the country 's economy . "  It is a good deal , a deal that meets our core objectives , " Obama said after it was announced April 2 . "  This framework would cut off every pathway that Iran could take to develop a nuclear weapon . " It would include strict verification measures to make sure Iran complies , he said . The United States and Iran have a long history of strained relations , which made the negotiations more significant . Just two years ago , the two countries had not talked with each other officially in nearly four decades . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Christine Theodorou and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	"  It is meaningless to congratulate me or others " because deal not final , Ayatollah says President Hassan Rouhani : Iran will not surrender to bullying , sanctions U.S. lawmaker : Bill to ease sanctions does not stand a chance in House or Senate
Cairo  CNN  A bleeding woman collapses on the ground . A police officer totes a weapon behind her . It 's an image that spread rapidly on social media -- and fueled furor among activists in Egypt who claimed it cast light on a devastating reality , four years after protests shaped a revolution that toppled Egypt 's government . Activists say the woman , Shaimaa El-Sabbagh , was peacefully participating in a small protest commemorating the revolution in Cairo 's Tahrir Square on Saturday when she was shot dead . Police deny using anything but tear gas as they quelled protests . But El-Sabbagh 's colleagues at the Socialist Popular Alliance Party say police fired shots and killed her . "  If there were any attempts to hold security officers accountable over the past four years , Shaimaa would n't have been killed , " said Khaled Dawood , a spokesman for the Constitution Party . El-Sabbagh was one of at least 16 people killed in protests over the weekend at events marking the fourth anniversary of Egypt 's revolution , officials say . Fifteen were killed Sunday , including a police conscript , according to the Ministry of Health . Two of those killed were men trying to plant a bomb in Behira Province , ministry spokesman Hossam Abdel-Ghaffar said . It was not clear Sunday night how many people had been arrested , because some were released on the spot or shortly afterward , the Interior Ministry said . Eight journalists covering the Sunday protests were among those detained , the Association for Freedom of Thought and Expression Reported . Meanwhile , the prosecutor general has launched an investigation into El-Sabbagh 's death and called policemen on duty that day in for questioning , along with six Socialist Popular Alliance Party members arrested at the Saturday march . Elhamy El-Marghany , spokesman for the party , called El-Sabbagh 's death an assassination that "  sends a message against political and partisan life . " Four years ago on Police Day , a national holiday celebrated January 25 , thousands of Egyptians marched to protest security violations . The protests quickly gained momentum as clashes with security forces left hundreds dead and culminated in the ouster of then-President Hosni Mubarak . Almost all the police officers implicated in the 2011 violence were acquitted . Last November , a Cairo court dismissed charges against Mubarak and acquitted his interior minister and top security aides on charges related to the protesters ' deaths . Thousands have been killed and thousands more arrested since 2011 as local and international rights groups decried the impunity with which security forces operated . The toll dramatically increased in the summer of 2013 following the removal of ex-President Mohamed Morsy in the wake of another wave of mass protests . The crackdown on his supporters in August 2013 left at least 1,000 killed . Many of the famous activists associated with the original January 25 demonstrations are now behind bars . Rights groups have scaled down operations as the government announced the activation of an old law that would restrict activities and funding . Those who marched with El-Sabbagh on Saturday chose to demonstrate the day before January 25 "  so they do n't get confused or lumped with the Muslim Brotherhood protests , " Dawood said . Egypt 's government has said a surge in terrorist attacks have forced stricter measures , as hundreds of army and police personnel were killed in bombings and shootings . The Interior Ministry said in a statement to state media last December that it had arrested 10,000 rioters , saboteurs and terrorists in 2014 alone . The opposition has consistently condemned these attacks but says the regime is using terrorism as an excuse to impose more restrictions . On Sunday , Egyptian military armored personnel carriers closed Tahrir Square to traffic . State celebrations planned to mark the day were canceled to mourn the passing of Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah . Secular political parties that now see demonstration as an ineffective and costly tool for change dissuaded youth members from protesting on the anniversary day . "  Today there 's a new phase of revolutionary work . The coup has to realize that the revolution has taken a new turn , " Muslim Brotherhood spokesman Mohamed Montaser tweeted . "  Victory is inevitable . " Sunday 's demonstrations and marches took place away from the iconic square . The Anti-Coup Alliance , which was launched to support Morsy but has witnessed the departures of Islamist parties and movements seeking different strategies , posted photos and videos of marches and clashes with the police in and outside Cairo . For Reda Hamed , a 47-year-old member of the leftist Bread and Liberty Party , this clampdown on political life is the battlefront . It was the killing of April 6 Movement 's Sayed Weza during the demonstrations last January 25 that convinced Hamed to reconsider his belief that revolutionaries should n't legitimize the regime by political participation . "  I 'm not ready to see another kid shot . I had to think about changing the mechanism of the revolution . Demonstrations and protests had to be changed to protect the youth of the revolution , so that no one else is shot dead . Enough with blood , " he told CNN . Hamed and fellow party members have an enduring goal : maintaining a place on the political scene until emerging parties are strong enough to mount a serious challenge . Electoral campaigning would provide a state-sanctioned framework to reach out to people , network and organize in a bid to achieve the goals that fueled the revolution , he explained . Days before the anniversary , Hamed was in Cairo 's Salam City neighborhood telling potential voters about a revolution that hoped to make authorities accountable . "  The revolution did n't give us anything , " a man told him . Others voiced numerous concerns about security , health care , unemployment and housing . They had little hope that Hamed or any elected official would bring about change . In a televised speech Sunday , President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi struck an optimistic chord . "  The fourth anniversary represents to all of us a new flame of hope , development and action , " he said . "  There is no doubt that there are shortcomings that exist and will take time until we all overcome them . With the will to work and the will to change , we will be able to overcome these shortcomings and achieve our hopes . " Finance Minister Hany Kadry told CNN late last year that the government is working on multiple fronts : battling inflation , increasing spending on education and health care , increasing the minimum wage and backing a new smart card system to deliver subsidies more efficiently . "  So we are dealing with this while the most important thing is to rebuild confidence in the Egyptian economy to attract investors again and because we believe very much that having a job is your first line of protection against poverty and hardship , " he said . In addition to a megaproject developing the Suez Canal , Egypt is planning an international investment conference in March . In the densely populated , low-income Salam City , Hamed echoed the chant so popular during the revolution : "  Bread , freedom and social justice . " "  When there is bread and freedom , social justice and human dignity will be achieved . For people , it begins with bread . " The debate on how to achieve these goals is still going on , with the voices that oppose contesting elections gaining momentum after El-Sabbagh 's death . "  We ca n't imagine that elections supervised by the Interior Ministry , presided over by the minister killing our youth , can be fair elections , " Bread and Liberty spokesman Mona Azab said at a joint press conference on Sunday . "  Political parties that claim to battle for democracy , social justice and a civilian system should take a unified stance , " Constitution Party head Hala Shukrallah said at the press conference . A Monday meeting will decide whether that means withdrawing from elections . Despite the setbacks , Hamed was hopeful . "  The revolution did n't fail . The revolution is on the path typically taken by all revolutions in the world . Revolutions do n't happen and succeed in three to four years . The revolution is accumulative , " he said , "  and we wo n't see results before 10 or 15 years at least . " CNN 's Ian Lee and Sarah Sirgany reported and wrote from Cairo . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Josh Levs and Samira Said contributed to this report .	16 people were killed at protests marking the anniversary of Egypt 's revolution Images of one protester killed Saturday have spread rapidly on social media Accounts of her death differ ; some activists blame police
CNN  -- Despite international calls for calm and negotiations , Albania 's ruling government continued Saturday to levy sharply-worded rhetoric against its opposition and arrested 113 people following a massive Friday protest that turned violent , state-run media reported . Those arrested were charged with confronting riot police and destroying property during Friday 's demonstration in Tirana , a city police spokeswoman told reporters , according to the state-run ATA news agency . Three protesters were killed -- all shot at close range , according to Tirana Military Hospital emergency chief Sami Koceku . The clashes left at least 35 civilians and 27 police hurt , the state-run TVSH network reported . "  Yesterday was a terrible day for Albania , " U.S. Ambassador Alexander Arvizu said Saturday . "  There were no winners . There were only losers . " The opposition Socialist Party claimed , on its website , that around 250,000 people had gathered outside Prime Minister Sali Berisha 's office to implore him to resign . Some protesters threw stones and Molotov cocktails at the more than 1,000 police at the scene , who used water cannon to disperse the crowd . The Socialist Party blamed police for provoking protesters by using the water tanks and tear gas . But on Saturday , Berisha again accused his rival Edi Rama , Tirana 's mayor and the Socialist Party head , of spearheading the violence . He claimed that demonstrators were trying to takeover the prime minister 's office , parliament and cabinet ministries . "  Those behind the putsch and bandits will receive the deserved punishment , " he told reporters , according to ATA . "  No force in this world can take over the democratic institutions of Albania , a NATO member country . " Earlier this month , in an interview quoted in a Socialist Party newsletter , Rama reiterated long-standing claims that Berisha 's ruling Democratic Party had rigged the June 2009 election . "  Are there any Albanians who have not yet understood that  Berisha  stole the elections in order to rob Albania ? " he said . The country 's supreme court determined that the elections were valid , and the ballots were burned by the Central Election Commission . The Socialist Party boycotted Albania 's parliament between September 2009 and February 2010 , according to the U.S. State Department . Reconciliation efforts since then have been unsuccessful , with opposition parties continuing to push hard against the Democrats in alleging corruption . The tensions escalated in the past two weeks , after a former government minister sent the media a secret recording that allegedly documented an illicit back-room deal . In addition to the increasingly pointed , accusatory barbs between Rama and Berisha , personal slurs marred a parliamentary session this week meant to settle governmental changes following the resignation of a minister central to that video . On Friday , Berisha vowed that there would "  be no early elections " and that "  general elections will be held in 2013 , " a rebuttal to a proposal being pushed by the opposition Such entrenched stances , the strong language and Friday 's violence came as diplomats outside Albania continued to push for a peaceful solution to a southern European nation 's stalemate . Rama , then the nation 's president , was the focus of the last such severe unrest in 1997 , when angry mobs protested voting irregularities and government-backed Ponzi schemes that plunged Albania into near anarchy . Albania 's current president , Bamir Topi , met Saturday with prominent U.S. , U.K. and European diplomats . A day earlier , he 'd urged all parties to resume talks soon and not to reopen old wounds . "  We have repeatedly urged Albania 's political leaders to search for compromise , " said Arvizu , one of those who met with Topi . "  When one side -- or both -- insists on maximalist positions that it knows the other side can not accept , I 'm sorry , that 's not compromise . Resolving political differences through street battles is also not compromise , and does not reflect the democratic aspirations of Albanians . " "  It 's time to desist from further provocations , " he added . "  It 's time to stop the mutual recriminations and name-calling . " Those remarks echoed similar ones the previous day from the European Union , which has been considering adding Albania as a member . On Saturday , a key member of the EU 's parliament said the recent escalation of tensions could hinder that development . "  I hope that , in this critical moment , the politicians will show maturity and will engage ... in finding a compromise solution , " said Eduard Kukan of Slovakia . Journalist Altin Raxhimi contributed to this report .	Police arrest 113 people after Friday 's violent demonstration in Tirana , a spokeswoman says Albania 's PM has accused the Socialist Party head of targeting him and fomenting violence The opposition blames the government and says the PM 's party rigged the last election The U.S. ambassador retirates calls for compromise to resolve the political stalemate
Berlin  CNN  -- Sprouts grown in Germany are the likely source for an E. coli outbreak that has killed 22 people , officials said Sunday . Gert Lindemann , agricultural minister of Lower Saxony , said there is a "  direct link " between a company in the town of Bienenbuettel and "  these people getting sick . " The firm has been shut down and its products have been recalled , Lindemann said . It is not immediately clear how the E. coli strain may have gotten into the sprouts , officials said . Sprouts are bred in large drums . No E. coli has been found in the company . Authorities say the infection may have taken place too long ago to be found at the company itself . But several restaurants and cafeterias linked to the outbreak got sprouts from the company , officials said . Two workers at the agricultural company , which was not identified , have come down with severe cases of diarrhea ; in at least one of those cases , E. coli was the cause , Lindemann said . Bienenbuettel is in the district of Uelzen in north-central Germany . The outbreak of a virulent strain of E. coli has infected more than 2,200 people in at least 12 countries , European health authorities said on Sunday . All but one of the 22 fatalities were reported in Germany , where officials say it 's too early to determine whether the peak of the outbreak has passed . One person in Sweden also died after visiting Germany . Last week , Spain vehemently rejected suggestions that its cucumbers could be blamed , after the European Food Safety Alert Network said E. coli was found in organic cucumbers originating from Spain , packaged in Germany and distributed to various countries . In Germany , there have been 627 cases of hemolytic uremic syndrome  HUS  -- a form of kidney failure -- in the current European outbreak , according to the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control . That 's more cases of HUS than in any other recorded outbreak , worldwide . Fifteen patients in Germany have died of HUS , according to the center , while six died of enterohemorrhagic E. coli , a strain that causes hemorrhaging in the intestines and can result in abdominal cramps and bloody diarrhea . Reports indicate that an estimated 1,605 people have that E. coli strain so far but do not have HUS , according to the center . Infections have also been identified in Austria , Czech Republic , Denmark , France , Netherlands , Norway , Poland , Spain , Switzerland and the United Kingdom , according to the organization . Two women and a man who traveled last month to northern Germany remain hospitalized in the United States with HUS , Chris Braden of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday . A fourth person developed bloody diarrhea , but was not hospitalized , he added . Two U.S. service members in Germany also developed diarrhea , Braden said . "  We have no expectation that this will spread in our country , " he added . The U.S. government website foodsafety.gov says that since 1996 , "  there have been at least 30 reported outbreaks of food-borne illness associated with different types of raw and lightly cooked sprouts . Most of these outbreaks were caused by Salmonella and E. coli . " The World Health Organization says that in Japan in 1996 , "  an outbreak linked to contaminated radish sprouts in school lunches caused 9,451 cases " of E. coli . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	NEW : There have been 30 outbreaks of food-borne illness from sprouts since 1996 , the U.S. says Sprouts from central Germany are the likely cause , officials say At least 22 people have died in Europe after an outbreak of a virulent E. coli strain More than 2,200 people have been infected
Washington  CNN  -- A Virginia mental health facility has dropped out of a plan to allow presidential assailant John Hinckley Jr. to participate in social group sessions , according to a government court motion issued Friday . Government prosecutors are calling on the federal judge overseeing Hinckley 's case to reject a proposal by St. Elizabeths Hospital in Washington to allow the man who shot President Ronald Reagan to have longer visits away from the government mental hospital . According to the court filing , St. Elizabeths sent an August 8 letter stating that Colonial Behavioral Health , People 's Place facility in Williamsburg , Virginia , had withdrawn from the plan to participate in Hinckley 's treatment . The letter has not been made public and prosecutors did not reveal why People 's Place had bowed out . Prosecutors called the group sessions a "  core feature " of the plan to allow Hinckley to spend more time living with his elderly mother in Williamsburg . "  It now appears that the Hospital will need to begin anew in developing a plan for the expansion of  Hinckley 's  current conditional release privileges , " prosecutors wrote in their motion . The government wants the opportunity to have its mental health experts review any new plans St. Elizabeths may develop for Hinckley . U.S. District Court Judge Paul Friedman did not immediately respond to the government 's motion . Hinckley currently spends 10 days a month visiting his widowed mother , who is in her late 80s . In July 2011 , St. Elizabeths made a proposal to allow Hinckley two visits of 17 days duration followed by six stays lasting 24 days . After the proposed visits , St. Elizabeths requested the authority to decide whether Hinckley , 57 , could be released on "  convalescent leave , " which would make him a permanent outpatient . Friedman presided over 13 days of testimony in late 2011 and early 2012 to consider the plan and has yet to issue a ruling . The government is opposed to the plan . Government experts testified that Hinckley has failed to make friends in Williamsburg and could become socially isolated . Hinckley 's lawyers and St. Elizabeths said his participation in sessions at People 's Place would help prevent that . One of the biggest controversies raised during the 13 days of hearings was that Hinckley did not always follow hospital-approved itineraries for how he would spend three hours of unaccompanied time allotted to him twice during each of his visits . \ Witnesses testified that in July and September of 2011 Hinckley skipped movies he was permitted to attend and then lied about it . In addition , Secret Service agents who were watching Hinckley without his knowledge testified that in July and October last year , Hinckley went to bookstores and looked at shelves of history books , some of which dealt with presidential assassinations . Dr. Raymond Patterson , the former director of forensic psychiatry at St. Elizabeths , testified for the government . He said he interviewed Hinckley and specifically asked him about lying about going to the movies . According to Patterson , Hinckley said the doctor was "  nitpicking . " Patterson and a second government mental health expert said Hinckley should have kept to his itineraries to prove he could be trusted . Hinckley 's defense lawyer Barry Levine said the key question is whether Hinckley is dangerous . "  Not once during any one of these releases has Mr. Hinckley done anything dangerous or violent . Not once , " Levine said during his closing argument in February . Hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the March 1981 shooting of Reagan , press secretary James Brady , Secret Service Agent Timothy McCarthy and police officer Thomas Delahanty . Brady was shot in the head and permanently disabled .	The plan called for Hinckley to participate in group sessions in Williamsburg , Virginia The Virginia facility has withdrawn from the plan for unknown reasons Prosecutors say the D.C. hospital treating Hinckley needs to come up with a new plan Hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the 1981 shooting of President Reagan
CNN  -- The war between natives and immigrants is ending . The natives have won . It was a bloodless conflict fought not with bullets and spears , but with iPhones and floppy disks . Now the battle between the haves and have-nots can begin . The post-millennial "  digital native , " a term coined by U.S. author Marc Prensky in 2001 is emerging as the globe 's dominant demographic , while the "  digital immigrant , " becomes a relic of a previous time . The digital native-immigrant concept describes the generational switchover where people are defined by the technological culture which they 're familiar with . Read more : China looks to lead the Internet of Things Prensky defines digital natives as those born into an innate "  new culture " while the digital immigrants are old-world settlers , who have lived in the analogue age and immigrated to the digital world . Although not Luddites , the immigrants struggle more than natives to adapt to hi-tech progress . Read more : ` Father of the internet ' : Fight for its freedom The author of "  Teaching Digital Natives , " whose success pushed him onto the speaking circuit , says the explosion of technology over the last 10 years is just the start of a symbiotic new world . Computers and handsets are becoming an extension of body and mind , creating a Cyborg-like population . Prensky cites the 100-meter runner Oscar Pistorius , an athlete with prosthetic legs , as an example of how technology is used to enhance our lives . He told CNN : "  For humans , what used to be this body of flesh and bone , all that is now just the center ... Being human is a moving target . " The human race and its struggle to keep up with technology Prensky says that at no time in history has technology moved so fast . Today the latest high-tech gizmos can be passe even before hitting the shop floors . In the past -- during the post-industrial revolution era , for example -- accelerating technology has plateaued . So , with the meteoric rise of new social media outlets including Facebook , Twitter , YouTube and Skype , history suggests the world is overdue for a slowdown . Read more : Why are n't robots doing my dishes yet ? But Prensky says this time , any slowdown in the digital age is a "  myth , " as innovation will only press forward "  faster ... And faster and faster . " He told CNN : "  We are not going through a transition to another faze of stability , and that is the key point . People will always be behind now and that will be a stress they have to cope with . " The new norm Connecting with one another in the modern world requires a knack for social networking and texting , which is the norm for the digital native . But for the immigrant , it can be akin to learning a whole new language . Prensky illustrates his point with former director of the CIA David Petraeus . In November , he was embroiled in a scandal that revealed he had an affair with Paula Broadwell . The FBI uncovered the affair while it investigated e-mails that Broadwell allegedly sent to a Petraeus family friend , Jill Kelley . Prensky labels this naivety by immigrants as "  digital stupidity " -- by assuming that when people decide to post online or send e-mails , they believe privacy is automatically applicable . "  People get frightened by change and they should be . They need courage to face the future these days , especially those who feel left behind . " Prensky said . "  People adapt instinctively and humans are very good at that . The young people live in the context ; the older people see the changing context and struggle . " Digital poverty As technology filters into every corner of the globe and tech cities spring up in some unlikely places from Bangalore to Tel Aviv , a new gulf is emerging to separate the digitally savvy from the disconnected : Poverty . In India , over two-thirds of the population live on less than $ 2 a day , according to the World Bank . But a United Nations report still says that mobile phones are more common than toilets , with nearly half of India 's 1.2 billion population armed with a handset . Nishant Shah , a director at the Centre for Internet and Society in India , told CNN that defining natives and immigrants by generation is a "  serious concern . " According to Shah , Prensky 's views were formed from the "  privileged " position of living in the U.S. Shah added : " -LSB- Prensky 's -RSB- observations may describe a generation gap that the U.S. faced , but if you transplant the same definition to other parts of the world , natives are sometimes indistinguishable from immigrants . " The real fear for Shah is the new hierarchies created by digital literacy and the class systems that will be shaped by access to digital technologies . The call of the developing world As mobile networks extend their reach and areas become increasingly urbanized , Western tech companies are seeking to tap markets with large populations . Last year , Finnish phone maker Nokia released a range of smart phones targeted at consumers in emerging markets , particularly in Asia , to compete with cheaper Android devices . But Shah argues bombarding a country with technology and infrastructure is not a rounded solution to the digital poverty problem . India , for example , has connectivity and access in abundance , but the country continues to suffer from a generation of "  digitally poor classes . " He argues that simply providing the equipment does not help young people understand how that technology can better their lives without education and training . Shah told CNN : "  Just because young people have tech access in India , it does n't make them digital natives . " He added , "  It creates digital outcasts -- people whose supposed problem of access to the world has been resolved . " Prensky , however , believes a "  networked planet " is a sign developing nations will soon close the digital divide . Even those who do n't yet have the technology still know that it exists , and will have it before long . The world in 2020 By 2020 , Prensky predicts people across the globe will be plugged into the "  AORTA , " -- Always On RealTime Access -- a term coined by Mark Anderson , the chief of the Strategic News Service -- specializing in technology news . A future in which people are constantly able to access information and news from anywhere on the planet . Shah says that the works of science fiction may offer the most accurate insight into our futuristic society . He said : "  The presents that we live in , are the futures that our pasts have imagined . " "  Let us hope that the technologies of the future will also be designed to protect that which is sacred , and that which is important in our own understanding of being human . "	U.S. author Marc Prensky says that at no time in history has technology moved so fast Prensky defines digital natives as those born into "  new culture " while the immigrants are old-world settlers Shah says that the works of science fiction may offer the most accurate insight into a futuristic society
CNN  -- Utah 's roller coaster few weeks regarding same-sex marriage has taken yet another sharp turn , with the state tax board announcing that legally married gay and lesbian couples -- even those wed in the brief period of limbo in Utah -- can file joint returns . The Utah State Tax Commission detailed the apparent policy change posted on its website , explaining that same-sex couples who are eligible to file a joint federal income tax return can likewise file joint returns in Utah . In other words , the state -- for tax purposes -- will treat them just like heterosexual couples . The state agency , in an official notice dated Wednesday , said this decision is n't necessarily permanent : If federal courts side with Utah officials arguing that the state law limiting marriage to one man and one woman be upheld , then same-sex couples will not be able to file joint state tax returns next year in Utah . "  This notice is limited to the 2013 tax year , " the commission said . "  Filing information for future years will be provided as court rulings and other information becomes available . " Charlie Roberts , a spokesman for the state tax agency , said the decision put Utah 's tax outlook on same-sex couples on par with that of the federal government , which has said it will recognize such legal unions . It does not , however , mean that the Utah government -- as a broader entity -- is right now recognizing same-sex marriage . "  This is just one agency , one decision , " Roberts said . Whatever the rationale , this shift marks a significant milestone for LGBT supporters in the traditionally conservative state . It comes after U.S. District Judge Robert Shelby ruled on December 20 that Utah 's law prohibiting same-sex marriage -- which voters approved in 2004 -- conflicted with the constitutional guarantees of equal protection and due process . Afterward , many couples in the state sought and got marriage licenses . Officials said more than 1,000 such licenses were issued in a 17-day period , though it 's not clear if all those people actually wed. . Judge 's ruling ignites same-sex marriage frenzy The 10th Circuit Court of Appeals declined to immediately stay the lower court ruling , leading Utah officials to ask the Supreme Court to intervene . The high court did just that in a two-sentence order on January 6 that , without comment , put same-sex marriages on hold in Utah until the constitutional questions are fully resolved . That apparently unanimous order in favor of the state sends the matter back to an appeals court for expedited consideration . The Denver-based appeals court is expected to consider the case again in coming weeks more thoroughly , with a ruling possibly affecting all states in its jurisdiction : Utah , Colorado , Wyoming , New Mexico , Kansas and Oklahoma . That last state , Oklahoma , is in a similar situation after a federal judge struck down its same-sex marriage ban . But he immediately stayed his own ruling , as the matter works its way through the courts . Judge : Oklahoma gay marriage ban unconstitutional Still , what 's happening in Utah was and remains less clear-cut . While the federal government has said it will recognize same-sex marriages performed between late December and early January in the state , the state had hinted that it would not . This indication came in a January 8 letter from the office of Utah Gov. Gary Herbert to cabinet officials saying that , based on advice from the state 's attorney general , "  state recognition of same-sex marital status is ON HOLD until further notice . " "  Please understand this position is not intended to comment on the legal status of those same-sex marriages -- that is for the courts to decide , " wrote the governor 's chief of staff , Derek Miller . "  The intent of this communication is to direct state agency compliance with current laws that prohibit the state from recognizing same-sex marriages . " This week 's tax commission announcement , though , does signal at least parts of the state government are recognizing such unions . It applies not just to the hundreds married in Utah , but also to those gay and lesbian couples who might have gotten legally married in other states then moved to Utah . Roberts , the state tax commission spokesman , explained that authorities -- including his group 's director and the attorney general -- decided over the past 10 days that it made sense to have Utah play by the same rules , tax-wise , as the U.S. government until the legal situation plays itself out . "  We feel this brings us in line with the current judicial situation , " Roberts said . This shift may surprise some given Utah 's reputation politically . It 's the home of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , often referred to as Mormons , whose leaders have been vocal in efforts to limit marriage to a man and woman . Its voters have voted for the Republican presidential candidate in every election since 1968 . And its officials now have stood behind the legal efforts to defend their state 's existing law . But there are also some signs that the situation in the state on this issue may not be crystal clear . A recent poll commissioned by the Salt Lake Tribune , one of the state 's biggest newspapers , found an even split -- 48 % for and 48 % against -- of people asked if same-sex couples should be allowed to get state-issued marriage licenses . It 's margin of error is + / - 4.1 % . In the same survey , 72 % of respondents said same-sex couples should at least be allowed to have civil unions or domestic partnerships . CNN 's Drew Iden contributed to this report .	Utah 's tax commission says that same-sex couples can file joint returns for 2013 The shift affects those married in other states , plus about 1,000 married in Utah Those marriages came after a federal judge struck the state 's same-sex marriage ban The Supreme Court stayed the ruling ; state officials have been fighting to keep the ban
CNN  -- The ideal of childhood , and the protection of its innocence , is a central pillar of both our morality and our legal code . There is , therefore , little that shocks and outrages us more than crimes by adults against children . Unfortunately , we have much to be shocked and outraged about . There have , for example , been a number of recent pedophile criminal cases inside the Catholic church and at universities like Pennsylvania University . And in the Congo , the crimes against children by the warlord Joseph Kony triggered KONY 2012 -- an online crusade made up of mostly children against Kony 's abuse of children . What is KONY 2012 ? The last couple of weeks have brought us two more disturbingly high-profile criminal cases against children . First there was the failed attempt by the medieval Pakistani Taliban to kill the 14-year-old education activist and BBC blogger Malala Yousufzai . And now there are the lurid accusations against the BBC celebrity Jimmy Savile , who is alleged to have sexually abused children . These grotesque crimes may have been separated by several decades and by thousands of miles , but they have one thing in common . Both the Pakistani Taliban and Jimmy Savile sought to destroy the innocence of youth . Savile is accused of treating children as if they had adult bodies and sexual appetites , while the Taliban attempt to murder Malala Yousufzai was driven by their rejection of the idea of education for girls and thus , in a sense , of the very idea of childhood itself . But Malala , who is now recovering from the assassination attempt at an English hospital , shares our modern conception of childhood . "  I have the right of education , " she told CNN . "  I have the right to play . I have the right to sing . I have the right to talk . I have the right to go to market . I have the right to speak up . " What Malala is claiming is the right to an autonomous childhood , the right to transform herself from an innocent child to a knowing adult -- and to be let alone by the adult world in this journey . This right is mirrored by the experience of Jimmy Savile 's alleged victims , whose innocent childhoods were ruined by their exposure to his criminal adult appetites . A Taliban spokesman said of the attack on Malala : "  She has become a symbol of Western culture in the area . She was openly propagating it . Let this be a lesson . " The Taliban , with their rejection of the very idea of childhood , are of course wrong . But the Malala case does indeed offer us a "  lesson . " Yes , we should all be horrified by this appalling crime against a 14-year-old Pakistani girl from the Swat Valley , but I fear that , in our idealization of childhood and in our acute sensitivity to the innocence of brave young girls like Malala , we are ourselves vulnerable to transforming children into celebrity martyrs -- modern day versions of Joan of Arc . This happened with KONY 2012 , a movement akin , as I wrote earlier this year , to a children 's crusade . And Malala , who was nominated for the 2011 International Children 's Peace Prize , is herself in danger of becoming a symbol of injustice exploited by everyone from UNICEF to Madonna and CNN itself . So how did this happen ? Unfortunately , Malala was allowed , by her family , by many Pakistanis and by the media to become a spokesman against the Taliban . The well-meaning BBC is partially to blame here , for giving her a highly visible blog that would inevitably attract Taliban ire . Malala 's equally well-meaning father holds some responsibility too , for allowing his daughter to become so vulnerable -- as does the world 's media for transforming the teenager into a global celebrity . Our ideal of childhood is rooted in allowing children to being let alone by the adult world to develop themselves . We need adults to fight their political battles -- to have prosecuted Jimmy Savile , to hunt down Joseph Kony , to fight the Pakistan Taliban . Let 's remember that children are , in every sense , innocent and thus should n't be encouraged to become the foot soldiers in the battle against their own exploitation . The story of Malala Yousufzai should be seen as both an inspiration and a warning . CNN is currently encouraging its readers to send messages to Malala . My message to her is twofold . Firstly , I dearly hope that you recover quickly from your wounds . And secondly , once you recover , I hope you 'll be able to go back to the privacy of your childhood , to simply being Malala rather than a global celebrity whose image is owned by other people . The BBC addressed its connection with Malala Yousufzai on its blog called The Editors , and you can read it by following the link here  . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Keen .	The ideal of childhood is a central pillar of both our morality and our legal code , Keen says Keen : Last few weeks brought two more high-profile criminal cases against children Unfortunately , Malala was allowed to become a spokesman against the Taliban , he says Our ideal of childhood is rooted in allowing children to develop themselves , Keen says
CNN  -- A Wisconsin woman who cut in front of a long line of Black Friday shoppers was arrested , police say , after she allegedly threatened to shoot those she moved ahead of . Lanessa L. Lattimore , 21 , attempted to cut in front of a line of "  several hundred shoppers " at a Toys R Us store in Madison , Wisconsin , on Thursday , according to a Madison police report . "  She was confronted by numerous shoppers and in turn she made threats to retrieve a gun and shoot the shoppers , " the report said . Police arrested Lattimore for disorderly conduct and took her to Dane County Jail , the report said , adding that no gun was found at the scene . Lattimore admitted there had been a confrontation in the line but disputed that she threatened to shoot anyone , contrary to the Madison police report . "  Everybody was cutting in line , " she told CNN . " ... I 'm not a violent person , but police charged me with disorderly conduct . " She added , "  I just wanted to get my daughter the toy that she wanted for Christmas , which probably wo n't be there when I go today . " The store opened at 10 p.m. Thursday for Black Friday shopping , which often draws huge lines of customers searching for bargain deals during what is traditionally viewed as the start of the Christmas shopping season . "  We have 600 stores across the country and we take security very seriously , " said Toys R Us spokeswoman Kathleen Waugh . "  Our people go through training , we have police nearby , and we only let a certain number of people into our stores . This is an isolated incident . "	A woman allegedly threatens to shoot other shoppers waiting in line Lanessa L. Lattimore , 21 , cut in front of "  several hundred shoppers " at a Toys R Us Police arrested Lattimore , but no gun was found at the scene
CNN  -- A judge on Wednesday set bail at $ 100,000 for a man accused of carrying a fake bomb near a Boston crowd that was marking the first anniversary of the Boston Marathon bombings . The judge also ordered the suspect , Kevin Edson , also known as Kayvon Edson , to be seen at a state hospital that evaluates defendants ' sanity after a mental health professional told the judge that Edson has a history of psychiatric disturbances . Police said they arrested Edson , 25 , on Tuesday evening after he was found carrying a backpack containing a rice cooker near the Boston Marathon finish line on Boylston Street , where survivors of the 2013 bombing were to complete a marathon-length walk marking the attack 's anniversary . In the 2013 attack , two pressure-cooker bombs exploded , killing three people and wounding at least 264 others . A barefoot Edson , carrying a backpack and wearing black clothes with a veil and hat covering his face , screamed and yelled during Wednesday 's event on Boylston Street , drawing officers ' attention , police said . Officers found a rice cooker in the backpack , and Edson told them it was nonexplosive , Assistant District Attorney Susan Terrey told Judge Michael Coyne on Wednesday . Authorities evacuated the area , and a bomb squad detonated the rice cooker as a precaution . Specialists determined the object had not been a bomb , police said . According to Terrey , Edson told police : "  I knew what I was doing . It was being conceived in my head . It 's symbolism . Come on . The performance got the best of me . " Terrey asked for the $ 100,000 bail , arguing that Edson had shown a willingness to put his interests ahead of society 's . Edson had been hospitalized multiple times for psychiatric problems and had been off his medications for three to four months , a mental health professional told Coyne , without elaborating about the disturbances . Defense attorney Shannon Lopez argued for a bail of $ 5,000 , telling the judge that Edson needed "  some assistance to stabilize himself mentally " but arguing that he was n't a danger to the public , has never been convicted of a crime and never made a bomb threat . Edson was charged with disturbing the peace , disorderly conduct , disturbing a public assembly , possession or use of a hoax device , and making a false bomb threat . The latter charge carries a penalty of up to 20 years in prison upon conviction , the Suffolk County district attorney 's office said . He has pleaded not guilty , CNN affiliate WHDH reported . "  If this was a performance , it was the most irresponsible , senseless , and selfish performance I can imagine , " Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel Conley said in a news release . "  It was also criminal . It was akin to shouting ` fire ' in a theater . People were put in fear , public transportation was disrupted , and a day of somber remembrance and reflection was marred by this defendant 's choices . "  There could not have been a worse time or place for this inexcusable behavior . " How can you keep 26.2 miles safe ? CNN 's Allison Malloy , Leigh Remizowski , Susan Candiotti and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Kevin Edson , 25 , is charged with making a false bomb threat and other offenses Police : Edson had a rice cooker near a crowd commemorating Boston bombing anniversary The suspect had an object in a backpack and was screaming near the crowd , police say A bomb squad blew up the rice cooker , and specialists determined it was not a bomb
CNN  -- Nearly 400 people were killed overnight Saturday by government shelling in what is supposed to be a "  no-fire " zone of Sri Lanka , a humanitarian worker in the area told CNN on Sunday . A photo supplied by a humanitarian group on Sunday shows civilians allegedly injured in government shelling . Most of the roughly 378 dead are civilians , and another 1,200 were wounded , the aid worker said . Video sent to CNN by the pro-Tamil rebel pressure group ACT Now appeared to show dead and wounded civilians . The group says the video was taken Sunday in the "  no-fire " zone . Another humanitarian group also supplied photos of casualties to CNN . CNN can not confirm the authenticity of either the video or the photos . CNN is not naming the humanitarian sources in the conflict zone to protect their safety . The government denies the assertion it shelled the "  no-fire " zone , saying it is the Tamil Tiger rebels who have been killing civilians . Tamil Tiger "  attacks using heavy weapons in the no-fire zone have caused immense damage to the civilians entrapped in the area , " the government information department said , quoting the military . But the military did say it had advanced Saturday into areas previously held by the rebels , officially known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam . "  The troops attached to the Air Mobile Brigade further advanced into the ` No Fire Zone ' capturing LTTE strong positions in general area Karaiyamullivaikal yesterday , " military sources said , according to the government 's news Web site . "  The LTTE terrorists have laid land mines heavily in the area to obstruct the security forces ' advance and a number of LTTE terrorists were killed during fighting while many wounded , " the government site said . The pro-rebel Web site Tamilnet said rescue workers in the no-fire zone "  have counted more than 1,200 bodies " and accused the army of "  the use of cluster ammunition , multi-barrel rocket launchers and cannons . "  The workers fear that there may be additional bodies yet to be uncovered , and the numbers killed will likely rise , " the pro-rebel site said . Aid workers in the country said the situation is worsening and the next few days are "  absolutely critical . " About 165,000 displaced people are in the Vavuniya region , where the United Nations and other humanitarian groups are trying to get relief to them , an aid group said . Meanwhile , a British news team that had been detained by Sri Lankan authorities -- after producing a report about the alleged abuse of Tamils -- has left the country , news managers said Sunday . The Channel 4 news team , which was detained on Saturday , is heading back to its base in Bangkok , Thailand , ITN senior news management said . ITN produces Channel 4 's news programs . Watch journalist explain what angered government " The team 's news report , which aired Tuesday , chronicled the abuse of Tamils in internment camps in the city of Vavuniya in northern Sri Lanka . The report contained claims of bodies being left where they fell , shortages of food and water , and instances of sexual abuse . The government denied the claims and arrested Channel 4 Asia correspondent Nick Paton-Walsh , a cameraman and a producer . The Sri Lankan military has been on an offensive to try to finish off the ethnic Tamil insurgency that has been fighting since 1983 for an independent state in the northeast of the country . As many as 70,000 people have been killed since the civil war began , and the group has been declared a terrorist organization by the European Union and more than 30 countries , including the United States . Tamil Tiger rebels have been pinned down by Sri Lankan government troops in a small section of the country 's north , and civilians trapped in the crossfire have been trying to flee . CNN 's Iqbal Athas , Amir Ahmed and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	NEW : Government shelling also wounds 1,200 , aid worker says 2,000 were "  feared dead , " many of them women and children , rebels say Sri Lanka denies rebel claims that troops indiscriminately shelled no-fire zone Government says troops advance into rebel-held areas
CNN  -- An incident-packed final day at Cheltenham culminated in a no-less dramatic finale when outsider Lord Windermere captured the Gold Cup in heart-stopping fashion for trainer Jim Culloty and jockey Davy Russell . The 20-1 shot beat On His Own and crowd favorite The Giant Bolster on Friday to land the most prestigious prize in the British jumps racing calendar . A stewards ' inquiry was immediately called after possible interference between the first two and third-placed The Giant Bolster , but the result stood to give Culloty a notable Gold Cup double as well as the # 327,300  $ 544,000  first prize . The Irishman , who rode Best Mate to three consecutive victories from 2002-04 , became just the fourth person to triumph as both jockey and trainer . "  They were the worst few minutes of my life , " the 41-year-old said of his agonizing wait during the inquiry . "  This was so unbelievable that I almost expected to lose the race . " Lord Windermere won the RSA Chase novices race at Cheltenham last year , but was not among the favorites for the Gold Cup . "  I 'd told Davy Russell to take his time but halfway round I wondered what he was doing -- I wanted to sack him ! " Culloty said . "  I told him to ride the horse to get a place but he exaggerated the waiting tactics a bit too much ! "  Everyone has said the horses have n't been right but I 've only got 25 horses and 10 of those would be three-year-olds , so it 's pretty impressive to have two winners here , including a Gold Cup . " The owners of On His Own were celebrating after taking a gamble to pay a # 27,500  $ 45,000  supplementary late-entry fee for the 16-1 shot , who took home # 122,800  $ 204,000  . "  It was well worth spending the money to supplement him , " said co-owner Graham Wylie . "  I 'm not at all disappointed , just proud of the horse . He did better than we expected . Coming down to the second-last I thought he might be sixth or seventh , but then his stamina kicked in and he flew up the hill . " Earlier in the day , Ruby Walsh  overnight leading jockey for the meeting  and fellow rider Daryl Jacobs were taken to hospital following falls . Both are receiving ongoing treatment .	Jim Culloty becomes fourth person to win Cheltenham Gold Cup as jockey and trainer His outsider Lord Windermere , ridden by Davy Russell , triumphs after long inquiry Stewards rule he did not cause sufficient interference to second-placed On His Own Meeting 's leading jockey Ruby Walsh earlier taken to hospital after a fall
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Three people were killed and at least 84 were injured Saturday morning when a magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck northeastern Japan , Japanese officials said . The quake struck at about 8:43 a.m. north of Sendai , Japan . Another five people were missing , national police said . Officials said the earthquake led to the buckling of highways and caused some bridges to collapse . Bullet trains were also stopped in the affected areas . Two nuclear power plants in the region were not affected , officials said . Cabinet Secretary Nobutaka Machimura said one man was killed when he was buried in a landslide in Fukushima Prefecture and the other was struck by a truck as he rushed out of his house in Iwate Prefecture . Officials have not yet released details of the third death . Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda sent priority orders for rescue operations , Machimura said . The quake , which struck at about 8:43 a.m.  11:43 p.m. GMT Friday  , was centered 100 km  60 miles  north of Sendai in southern Iwate prefecture . The Japanese Meteorological Agency said several strong aftershocks followed the initial quake . The Iwate government office said it had received reports that eight children and a teacher were injured by breaking windows at a preschool and that the earthquake produced landslides in some areas . The Miyagi fire department said there had been some injuries caused by falling furniture , and some bus passengers were injured when the vehicle bounced on a bridge . Two houses collapsed , the fire department said . East Japan Railway suspended Shinkansen bullet trains in the Tohoku region , and many other train lines in the region suspended operation as well . Expressways in Miyagi were also closed . Tokyo Electric Power Co. said that operations at nuclear power plants in Fukushima prefecture were not affected , Kyodo said . There were no tsunami warnings issued after the quake . Local governments , fire departments and police were working to gather damage reports . CNN 's Junko Ogura and Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	Three people dead , at least 84 injured after earthquake hits Japan U.S. Geological Survey reports 7.0 magnitude quake on Japanese island of Honshu Quake struck at around 8:43 a.m. Saturday
CNN  -- The stakes in a court hearing Tuesday were as big as the star performers at the heart of the matter . SeaWorld appealed to a federal three-judge panel Tuesday , asking it to overturn Occupational Safety and Health Administration safety citations and a ban restricting how humans interact with killer whales during performances . OSHA instituted the regulations after the death of veteran trainer Dawn Brancheau in 2010 , when Tilikum , the orca she had worked with for years , dragged her into the water and killed her in front of a horrified audience . The governmental agency said the company had violated the general duty clause of the Occupational Safety and Health Act , saying it exposed its workers to a known hazard in the workplace . Eugene Scalia , son of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia and former solicitor of the U.S. Department of Labor , argued in the hearing that OSHA is overstepping its bounds and has no more of a right to impose restrictions on a specialized industry like SeaWorld than it does to regulate tackling in the NFL or impose speed limits in NASCAR . Filmmaker : Why I made ` Blackfish ' The judges peppered both Scalia and Amy Tryon , who represented OSHA and the Labor Department , with numerous questions on that analogy . "  SeaWorld created this business but can not create their own safety standard , " Tryon said . The issue seemed to trouble Judge Brett Kavanaugh . "  It does seem giving the authority  here  would give OSHA the authority over sports and entertainment industries in the U.S. , " Kavanaugh told Tryon . Scalia also argued that OSHA 's restrictions present a "  fundamental difference " and a "  stark change " in the premise of SeaWorld 's existing business model , which is based on exhibiting humans interacting with killer whales . The theme park was known until 2010 for its famous Shamu shows , which featured amazing demonstrations of trainers surfing on orcas or being catapulted high into the air . "  OSHA is n't asking SeaWorld to prevent all activities , " Tryon said . "  These are feasible reductions that we know SeaWorld can do because they 're doing them now . " In 2010 , SeaWorld was originally fined $ 75,000 for three safety violations , including one "  willful " citation . After SeaWorld appealed that decision , an administrative law judge in 2012 downgraded the "  willful " complaint to "  serious , " reducing the fine to $ 12,000 . Crucially , that judge sided with OSHA 's mandate to keep humans out of the water with killer whales unless there were physical barriers to reduce the risk of serious injury or death . SeaWorld disagreed and filed its appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit . With the court-ordered restrictions , some argue that SeaWorld 's very livelihood is on the line . "  SeaWorld offers the public an opportunity to observe humans ' interaction with killer whales , " the company said in court documents . "  This brings profound public educational benefit , is integral to SeaWorld 's care of the whales , and responds to an elemental human desire to know , understand , and interact with the natural world . " OSHA argued in a response brief that such close interaction between humans and whales was not crucial to the company 's business . "  It is clear from SeaWorld 's adoption of these measures that close contact of the kind that resulted in Dawn Brancheau 's death is not essential to SeaWorld 's ability to draw visitors to its parks , to practice behaviors during shows , or to care for its whales , " the brief said . Captive orcas have killed four people , including three trainers . "  The  $ 12,000 citation  amounts to basically a very expensive speeding ticket , " said Benjamin Briggs , a partner with Seyfarth Shaw LLP who specializes in labor law . "  The one that 's going to be harder to prove is proving this type of interaction between whales and the trainers actually makes the interactions more predictable , and by reducing that , and creating greater distances , it 's going to undermine not only the level of predictability , but it 's going to harm their ability to care for the animals and impact their operations in a more fundamental way . " Trainers have been in "  close contact with whales since the 1960s , " court documents say . "  During this time , OSHA could have opened an investigation at any time if it believed that close contact presented a recognized hazard . " Briggs said the argument is legitimate , but SeaWorld faces an uphill battle because what OSHA has on its side is history . "  There 's a long and well-documented track record of these types of animals behaving aggressively toward humans to the point that they 've caused a number of fatalities , not only at SeaWorld , but at a number of places , " Briggs said . "  That is what OSHA is going to say : ` You absolutely were on notice of this , this is absolutely a recognized hazard . ' This kind of track record is not one you can ignore . So it 's very important ; it 's what OSHA 's case really hinges upon . " The appeal hearing , normally held in a courtroom , garnered such high interest that it was held at a public forum at the Georgetown University Law Center . The venue was the first time oral arguments for the D.C. Circuit have been heard outside of the court . Spectators included Georgetown University law students , the general public and SeaWorld employees . A decision is not expected immediately . Brancheau 's death sparked the making of a documentary acquired by CNN Films called "  Blackfish . " The documentary explores the history of killer whales in captivity and incidents in aquatic parks leading up to Brancheau 's death . SeaWorld answers questions about ` Blackfish '	NEW : SeaWorld , OSHA make their cases before federal appeals panel SeaWorld lets visitors observe human interaction with killer whales , company says OSHA has cited SeaWorld for not having adequate safety precautions In 2010 , Dawn Brancheau was pulled underwater by a killer whale and drowned
CNN  -- Two planes collided in midair Saturday in Boulder , Colorado , killing three people , authorities said . One of the planes , a single-seat Piper Pawnee , was towing a glider . The pilot of the Piper died in the collision , said Rick Brough of the Boulder County Sheriff 's Office . But the pilot of the glider , which was carrying two passengers , detached from the plane and landed safely , Brough said . Two people on the second plane , a Cirrus SR 20 , also died , Brough said . Authorities began receiving reports of a plane crash around 1:30 p.m. MT , Brough said , adding that people had seen flames in the air in an area less than five miles from the Boulder Municipal Airport . The collision was described as "  immediate disintegration and explosion of both planes , " said Jennifer Rodi , an air safety investigator with the National Transportation Safety Board . Rodi called the glider 's occupants "  very lucky " during a news conference Sunday and praised the glider 's pilot . "  The glider was attached to the Piper Pawnee when the pilot observed the Cirrus aircraft out of the corner of his eye , " she said . "  He immediately noted they were on a collision course and elected to separate the tow strap from the Piper Pawnee . " "  He did his job that he signed up for as a commercial pilot , " Rodi said . Rodi said the Cirrus was traveling south and the Pawnee was traveling west at the time of the collision . The debris field was spread out over a couple of miles , Brough said . "  I was in my house and I heard a loud bang , " iReporter Zac Mitchell , of Boulder , told CNN . "  I looked out my window and saw a giant fireball in the sky . " When he went outside , he said he saw smoke and two objects , including a parachute , falling from the sky . Cirrus aircraft come equipped with an airframe parachute system that deploys in the event of an in-air emergency . It 's designed to safely lower the plane to the ground . The NTSB and the Federal Aviation Administration are involved in investigating the incident , Brough said . CNN 's Leslie Tripp , John Branch and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Three people were killed Saturday in a midair collision over Boulder , Colorado One of the planes was towing a glider , Boulder County Sheriff 's Department says The glider pilot was able to detach and land safely , sheriff 's department says
Washington  CNN  -- An envelope that tested positive for the deadly poison ricin was intercepted Tuesday afternoon at the U.S. Capitol 's off-site mail facility in Washington , congressional and law enforcement sources tell CNN . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said he was told the letter was addressed to the office of Sen. Roger Wicker , R-Mississippi . A laboratory in Maryland confirmed the presence of ricin after initial field tests indicated the poison was present , according to Senate Sergeant-at-Arms Terrance Gainer . However , the FBI said additional testing is needed as field and preliminary tests produce inconsistent results . "  Only a full analysis performed at an accredited laboratory can determine the presence of a biological agent such as ricin , " according to the bureau . "  Those tests are in the process of being conducted and generally take from 24 to 48 hours . " A law enforcement source said more tests would be conducted at the Army 's biomedical research laboratory at Fort Detrick , Maryland . The letter had a Memphis , Tennessee , postmark and no return address , Gainer wrote in an e-mail to senators and aides . Sen. Claire McCaskill told reporters after a briefing for lawmakers that a suspect has already been identified in the incident , but a knowledgeable source said no one was in custody Tuesday night . Wicker , the junior senator from Mississippi , has been assigned a protective detail , according to a law enforcement source . A primer on ricin Postal workers started handling mail at a site off Capitol Hill after the 2001 anthrax attacks that targeted then-Majority Leader Tom Daschle and Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy , among others . Senators were told the post office would be temporarily shut down "  to make sure they get everything squared away , " McCaskill , D-Missouri , said Tuesday afternoon . "  The bottom line is , the process we have in place worked , " she said . Members will be warning their home-state offices to look out for similar letters , she added . A previous ricin scare hit the Capitol in 2004 , when tests identified a letter in a Senate mailroom that served then-Majority Leader Bill Frist 's office . The discovery forced 16 employees to go through decontamination procedures , but no one reported any ill effects afterward , Frist said . Ricin is a highly toxic substance derived from castor beans . As little as 500 micrograms -- an amount the size of the head of a pin -- can kill an adult . There is no specific test for exposure and no antidote once exposed . It can be produced easily and cheaply , and authorities in several countries have investigated links between suspect extremists and ricin . But experts say it is more effective on individuals than as a weapon of mass destruction . Ricin was used in the 1978 assassination of Bulgarian dissident Georgi Markov . The author , who had defected nine years earlier , was jabbed by the tip of an umbrella while waiting for a bus in London and died four days later . Wicker , 61 , was first appointed by former Republican Gov. Haley Barbour to the U.S. Senate in December 2007 after the resignation of then-Sen . Trent Lott . He was then elected to the seat in 2008 and won re-election in 2012 to a second term . Before joining the Senate , he was a U.S. representative in the House from 1995 to 2007 . Before that , he served in the Mississippi Senate . CNN 's Rachel Streitfeld and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Laboratory tests confirmed the presence of ricin , Senate official says The letter had a Memphis , Tennessee , postmark and no return address It was addressed to Sen. Roger Wicker , R-Mississippi Ricin is a highly toxic substance derived from castor beans
CNN  ISIS is under pressure in parts of Iraq and battling a variety of adversaries in Syria , but it 's metastasizing at warp speed elsewhere , most dangerously in Egypt and Libya . It also has support in Yemen , Afghanistan and Pakistan . And the leader of the group ravaging northern Nigeria , Boko Haram , has expressed his admiration of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . The savage killing of 21 Egyptian Christians in Libya -- all of them dressed in ISIS ' trademark orange prison garb -- is another indication of ISIS ' ability to take advantage of collapsed or collapsing states and of its growing presence in North Africa . Most significantly , the atrocity took place in Sirte , a long way from ISIS ' first stronghold around Derna in the east of the country . ISIS ' presence in Sirte , a town of 50,000 , has been growing . The Egyptians were abducted in November , and more recently , the extremists strengthened their presence by taking over government buildings and a radio station . ISIS first announced itself in Libya in October . Amateur video showed a large crowd of militants in Derna affiliated with the Shura Council for the Youth of Islam chanting their allegiance to al-Baghdadi . Sources told CNN at the time that ISIS had up to 800 fighters in the area as well as training facilities in the nearby Green Mountains . They were bolstered by the return from Syria and Iraq of up to 300 Libyan jihadists . A short while later , al-Baghdadi recognized three Libyan "  provinces " : Barqa  in the east  , Tripolitania  west  and Fezzan  south  as being part of the "  caliphate . " Since then , ISIS has stepped up its presence across Libya . Late last month , a suicide bombing and gun attack on a hotel in the capital , Tripoli , killed 10 people , including an American . The attack was swiftly claimed by Wilayat al-Tarabulus , ISIS ' name for the province . Politicians in Tripoli disputed the claim . ISIS has also been active in southern Libya , attacking a Libyan army checkpoint in Sokhna in January and killing 16 people . While a growing presence , the Libyan affiliate is some ways from being able to mimic ISIS in Syria and Iraq , with its bureaucracy and governing structure . Geoff Porter of North Africa Risk Consulting says that "  even in the jihadi stronghold of Derna ,  ISIS  does not rule independent of a broader coalition of like-minded , but ultimately distinct groups . " "  While ISIS may prove to be an enduring terrorist threat in Libya , it is very unlikely to be able to develop to the point where it controls a meaningful amount of territory , " Porter says . But as in Iraq and Syria , ISIS has launched an effective social media campaign in Libya . It has also made a concerted effort to attract seasoned fighters from other groups , such as Ansar al Sharia . ISIS Libyan affiliate has also started to exercise some forms of social control in areas where it is strong . "  The group has publicized hisba activities such as burning cigarette cartons ; destroying water pipes used for smoking ; demolishing "  polytheistic " statues and shrines , " says Andrew Engel of the Washington Institute . Hours after the Egyptian air force carried out retaliatory airstrikes Monday , the Egyptian Foreign Ministry warned that "  leaving the situation as it is in Libya without a firm intervention to curtail these terrorist organizations would be a threat to international peace and security . " The Italian government has suggested an international peacekeeping presence in Libya . Italy is acutely aware that it 's the jumping-off point for a growing flow of migrants and a base camp for terrorism , just hours across the Mediterranean . Bernardino Leon , U.N. envoy to Libya , has floated the idea of international monitors when a peace agreement between rival factions is hammered out . But "  when " seems a long way off , despite the beginning of talks between rival factions in Geneva . And U.S. and European officials fear that putting boots on the ground would be a bug light to ISIS supporters . In a recent interview with the Financial Times , Leon admitted that "  terrorism is becoming a problem beyond the east -LSB- of Libya . -RSB- It is growing into the west and now the south , and from the west they might go to Tunisia and Algeria . " Porter agrees there is a risk to Tunisia . There are hundreds of Tunisians among ISIS ' ranks in Syria and Iraq , and the government is already battling a jihadist presence at home in the Chaambi Mountains . "  Although Tunisian security services have improved their capabilities in the last 24 months , they fear that they would be overwhelmed by the emergence of a cross-border threat originating in Libya , " Porter says . While Libya is ISIS ' most notable franchise , jihadists in Egypt have made the vast Sinai desert almost ungovernable . Chief among them is ISIS ' freshly minted Sinai Province , formerly called Ansar Beit al-Maqdis . Late in January , it killed at least 30 people in a series of co-ordinated attacks on security outposts , leading Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi to shake up the military command in the Sinai . And just last week , it released a video showing the beheading of eight alleged spies . With Israel on one side and a military-dominated government in Cairo on the other , Sinai Province has powerful enemies close by . "  That said , " writes Aaron Zelin , a leading scholar of jihadist movements , "  if the Egyptian government continues to operate in a brazen manner , militarily it will create new local recruits that could sustain the Islamic State in north Sinai . " Less developed but worth monitoring are self-declared supporters of ISIS in Pakistan and Afghanistan , which the group now calls the province of Khorasan . One of them was a former Taliban commander , Mullah Abdul Rauf , who was killed a week ago in a drone strike in Helmand Province . He had split from the Taliban , and analysts are watching for further fragmentation of the group . Several commanders of the Pakistani Taliban also pledged to al-Baghdadi , but it 's unclear yet whether their departure has more to do with the rifts that have torn the group apart in the last two years . The Long War Journal concluded that most of the new ISIS group were low - to mid-level militants -- a sign of "  the competition between smaller and emerging militant groups in South Asia , some of which are seeking to align with the Islamic State brand . " within the group . The most intriguing development in recent months has been the desire of the Nigerian group Boko Haram to fly the ISIS flag , literally and metaphorically . It has begun to hold territory and talk of its own Caliphate in northern Nigeria . Its propaganda machine has become much more ISIS-like . And it has incorporated the ISIS symbol into its own flag . It has also begun inflicting ever more gruesome punishments , including beheadings , on its victims . Boko Haram 's leader , Abu Bakr Shekau , has expressed his admiration for ISIS and al-Baghdadi on more than one occasion -- but ISIS has not officially acknowledged any link between the two groups . For now at least , it is the long coast of Libya and its deep empty interior , its lack of government and many porous borders that seem the most promising territory for ISIS .	Libya seems to be the most promising territory for ISIS to extend its reach It has also influence in Egypt 's increasingly ungovernable Sinai From Nigeria and Pakistan , other groups seem to be forming various associations with ISIS
CNN  -- Organized crime gangs are exploiting a new target for illegal profit : Medicare and Medicaid . Experienced in running drug , prostitution and gambling rings , crime groups of various ethnicities and nationalities are learning it 's safer and potentially more profitable to file fraudulent claims with the federal Medicare program and state-run Medicaid plans . "  They 're hitting us and hitting us hard , " said Timothy Menke , head of investigations for the Office of Inspector General at the Department of Health and Human Services . "  Organized crime involvement in health care fraud is widespread . " One hot spot for health care fraud is Los Angeles , California , where Russian , Armenian and Nigerian gangs have been caught by federal agents . Recent cases include crime boss Konstantin Grigoryan , a former Soviet army colonel who pleaded guilty to taking $ 20 million from Medicare . Karapet "  Doc " Khacheryan , boss of a Eurasian crime gang , was recently convicted with five lieutenants of stealing doctor identities in a $ 2 million scam . Two Nigerians , Christopher Iruke and his wife , Connie Ikpoh , were charged October 15 with bilking Medicare of $ 6 million dollars by fraudulently billing the government for electric wheelchairs and other expensive medical equipment . The two , allegedly members of an organized crime ring , entered pleas of not guilty and are being held in a federal detention center . "  They deny any allegations of wrongdoing , " said their attorney , James Kosnett . Defrauding government-run health care programs involves stealing two types of identities : those of doctors , who bill for services , and patients , whose beneficiary numbers entitle them to medical care and necessary equipment . Criminals are expert at collecting both . Watch doctor tell what happened when his identity was stolen "  That information is very , very valuable to these crooks . And the doctor may work at one clinic but he wo n't know about the second and third clinic that they 've already set up using his identification , " said Glenn Ferry , special agent in charge of the Los Angeles region for the Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General . "  They are definitely well-organized , well-schooled on how to commit Medicare fraud . " Dr. Gianfranco Burdi had his identity stolen when he was recruited to join what appeared to be a new medical practice near Koreatown in Los Angeles . After the managers failed to show a business license and proof of malpractice insurance , Burdi pulled out . Two years later , the FBI came calling . Agents questioned Burdi , a psychiatrist , about whether he had prescribed $ 800,000 worth of electric wheelchairs for Medicare patients . "  I said no . I am a psychiatrist . Why would I prescribe an electric wheelchair ? " said Burdi . "  It was shocking . " A jury found Leonard Uchenna Nwafor guilty of using Burdi 's identification to bill Medicare for medically unnecessary durable medical equipment . "  I was naive enough to provide them my medical license , my other data , " said Burdi . Patient beneficiary numbers are easy to buy along Los Angeles ' Skid Row . Impoverished residents of shelters there tell CNN they 've accepted cash from recruiters -- known as "  cappers " -- to go to bogus medical clinics where they share what they call their "  red , white and blue " -- the tri-colored Medicare card that has a beneficiary number for billing the government . "  People down here need to eat . Somebody who comes up on a quick hustle , quick money , they going to jump on . I 'm one of them , I will , " said a man who identified himself as Scott . "  They 're just defrauding the patients , defrauding the government . " Jimmy Rodgers of San Bernadino , California , tells CNN he went to a clinic three times a week , receiving $ 100 per visit but little medical care . "  This is just like Carte Blanche , " said Rodgers , holding his Medicare card . "  Matter of fact , better than Carte Blanche . Carte Blanche has limitations on it . " The clinics , he concedes , were clearly fronts for collecting beneficiary data . "  They were no doctors . They were just somebody who had their hand out , " said Rodgers , who later cooperated with federal investigators . "  And they just ripping the system off and using me as a means to rip the system off . " Once criminals have doctor and patient identification numbers , they begin filing false claims . The Khacheryan gang told Medicare that health services were being provided on the 10th floor at 754 South Los Angeles Street . But there is no doctor 's office in that decrepit industrial building -- only a mail drop , where the Khacheryan group collected checks from the U.S. government for hundreds of thousands of dollars . The inspector general 's office of the Department of Health and Human Services estimates it is on track to recover about $ 4 billion this year by breaking up health care fraud schemes perpetrated by all types of criminals , from organized rings to corrupt doctors . That amount , though , is only about 5 percent of the annual health care fraud cost in the United States , according to the National Health Care Anti-Fraud Association . Because government health programs operate on the honor system , law enforcement officials say it 's easy for organized crime rings and average criminals to cash in at the taxpayer 's expense .	Gangs make millions by getting ID numbers of doctors , patients Then they file fraudulent Medicare , Medicaid claims for care that never happened One doctor had his ID stolen , learned it was used to bill $ 800,000 for wheelchairs Government to recover $ 4 billion this year -- but that 's just 5 percent of fraud cost
CNN  -- The horrific events in Newtown are unfathomable . Asking "  why ? " is natural at times like this , but intuitively it is clear that there can not be any good reason for what was truly a senseless massacre . It is impossible not to grieve with the families in Newtown , Connecticut , who have experienced such tremendous loss , just as it is impossible to not hope for anything that can provide some comfort . All of us who have had children in primary school at one time or another stopped in our tracks when we heard the news , just as President Barack Obama did , as we tried to imagine how we would have coped had something so horrendous happened in our own child 's school . But why must the nation grieve with God ? After Newtown , a memorial service was held in which 10 clergy and Obama offered Hebrew , Christian and Muslim prayers , with the president stating : " ` Let the little children come to me , ' Jesus said , ` and do not hinder them . For such belongs to the kingdom of Heaven . ' God has called them all home . For those of us who remain , let us find the strength to carry on . " Why must it be a natural expectation that any such national tragedy will be accompanied by prayers , including from the president , to at least one version of the very God , who apparently in his infinite wisdom , decided to call 20 children between the age of 6 and 7 home by having them slaughtered by a deranged gunman in a school that one hopes should have been a place of nourishment , warmth and growth ? We are told the Lord works in mysterious ways but , for many people , to suggest there might be an intelligent deity who could rationally act in such a fashion and that that deity is worth praying to and thanking for "  calling them home " seems beyond the pale . Let me be clear that there may be many grieving families in Newtown and around the country who have turned to their faith for solace in this difficult time . No caring person would begrudge them this right to ease their pain . But the question that needs to be asked is why , as a nation , do we have to institutionalize the notion that religion must play a central role at such times , with the president as the clergyman-in-chief ? Since this tragedy , cable TV networks have been flooded with calls to faith and have turned to numerous clergy as if , as a matter of principle , they have something special or caring to offer . Often what they provide is quite the opposite . On CNN the other day , Bishop Robert Wright of the Episcopal Diocese of Atlanta suggested that people who do n't have faith in his deity can only go so far in our emotional capacities to love and forgive , that without faith "  we lack the strength to take us the full way of ourselves , the best of ourselves . " Besides being offensive , this is nonsense . We do n't need faith to empathize with the grieving in Newtown . We can feel real connections , whether we are parents , or neighbors of families , or simply caring men and women . And we can want to help simply because of our common humanity . Why does television automatically turn to clergy for advice on how to meet our needs , spiritual or otherwise ? Later on television , I saw media Rabbi Shmuley Boteach , who used to claim to be the personal spiritual guide of Michael Jackson , until that presumably became less sellable . I also once had the displeasure of debating him on the subject of evolution , which he essentially rejects , offering admonition to those who , with very good reason , may question a God who could willingly allow the slaughter of children . I would argue that times like these are very good times to question your faith in deities . It gets worse . Television host and former presidential candidate Mike Huckabee suggested that because we are keeping God out of schools , the Deity chose not to stop the slaughter of these young innocents .  Or , to put it more bluntly , "  If you do n't invite me to the party , I will kill your kids ! "  If this were remotely believable , who would want to pray to such a fickle and pompous deity ? I feel particularly sad for the grieving parents who might not be Christian , Jewish or Muslim . Besides learning that they are somehow lacking in empathy or goodness or the ability to heal , little guidance is being provided to those who among them have decided that they can not believe in a sometimes violent and irascible God or who in fact have found their faith in God in question as a result of this tragedy . For these people , as for me , the thought that God has "  called their children home " is simply offensive . Why ca n't we as a nation focus on consoling the families in their grief by focusing on the most important realities , the lives of the children they have lost , celebrating their memory and sharing our common love of family , of children , and of our common humanity and perhaps most importantly arguing that this tragedy may one day not be completely in vain : That a shocked nation might rationally decide that assault weapons are meant to kill many people in a short time , not to hunt for deer or defend one 's home . If instead of automatically assuming that prayers to a deity callous enough to allow this sickness , or worse , to encourage it out of divine retribution , are what families in grief need from their president and from the media , that we focused on rational grief counseling and community support , including better mental health care combined with sensible gun control , we as a society might ultimately act more effectively to stop this madness . The opinions expressed in this documentary are solely those of Lawrence M. Krauss .	Lawrence Krauss : The horrific shootings in Newtown were a senseless massacre He says the nation grieves with the families in Newtown who experienced tremendous loss Krauss : Why should the framework of national grief be focused on religious faith ? He says clergy , asked by media for comment , have often fallen short
The chair , perhaps the most famous chair in political history , stands in the office of a large , nondescript cement building just a stone 's throw away from the U.S. Capitol . That 's right , the chair Clint Eastwood used as a prop in his rambling and at times incoherent critique of President Barack Obama at the Republican National Convention is now one of the many pieces of political memorabilia in Reince Priebus ' spacious office on First Street in Washington . The chairman of the Republican National Committee gets the joke ; the chair is the first thing he points out to a reporter before sitting down behind his desk to discuss how his party must dramatically rethink its strategy and message in hopes of recovering from the national drubbing of 2012 . The second collector 's item he shows off is a yellow foam cheesehead autographed by Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers . It reads : "  To Reince , from one QB to another , Best Wishes ! Aaron Rodgers . " Rodgers might be on to something . As RNC chairman , Priebus is n't calling the plays : That 's up to House Republican leadership and the ambitious GOP governors roaming state capitols around the country . But he is reading the other team and making crucial adjustments to the game plan . Priebus is also the general manager , responsible for helping build the team and manage the expectations of ownership . And he has many owners to answer to : 168 Republicans who make up the national committee , deep-pocketed donors who write the checks , grass-roots activists who provide conservative energy , and the lawmakers who have an immediate personal stake in the party 's success . Boehner says Obama 's focus is to ` annihilate the Republican Party ' A two-tiered goal to restructure , rebrand GOP That 's why Priebus is developing a political plan he hopes , in the near term , will re-energize his party in time for the 2014 midterm elections , while also developing a long-term strategy to compete among key demographic voting blocs -- Hispanic , Asian , African-American -- that broke so heavily Democratic in November . To hear Priebus tell it , the goal is two-tiered : restructure the party on a tactical level to match the sophisticated and data-driven efforts of the Obama campaign , and create a communications plan to sell the GOP 's message to voters it failed to connect with in 2012 . GOP 's surprising edge on diversity It 's an overwhelming task and it 's going to cost money , lots of money . "  I 've been meeting with donors since the election in November , " Priebus said . "  I would say I am pleasantly surprised how quickly the donors who have given so much are ready to build a party that is a year-round operation . " Bennett : GOP , play offense in Obama 's second term As he reflected on the presidential race , it quickly became clear that one of the most bothersome aspects of the presidential race was the marathon debate schedule . The primary debates were a point of frustration for some Republicans , who felt the process was controlled by the news media , not the party , in the past election . "  I believe that No. 1 , we have to control the debates , " Priebus said . "  I think that having over 20 debates is too many , and I think we ought to regulate the debates , pick the moderators and get involved in setting the calendar . " Priebus cautioned his comments are not set in stone and he described his ideas in "  hypothetical " terms . One idea he mentioned was instituting a penalty system in which candidates for the nomination would lose a percentage of delegates if they participated in a debate not sanctioned by the RNC . Dark horse candidates hungry for media attention would likely oppose such a move , but it 's unclear if they would have the power to prevent a change in the rules . The idea of handpicking moderators would also face stiff opposition from the media organizations who foot the bill to stage and broadcast the debates . Primary calendar needs to be condensed As for the primary calendar , Priebus said he would like to see it condensed to allow the eventual GOP nominee more time to prepare for the general election . In an ideal world , he said , the intra-party fight would start later and finish sooner , with the Republican National Convention possibly being held as early as June . But he does n't talk about changing the order of the four leadoff primary and caucus states -- Iowa , New Hampshire , Nevada and South Carolina -- that have traditionally kicked off the nomination process . "  I think that the carve-out states have served us well , but I think the timing of the calendar and the rest of the calendar issue should be looked at , " he said . Priebus rejected the notion of the RNC becoming involved in presidential primaries to assist the strongest candidate , but he was quick to point out that state Republican parties can choose to play in primaries if they want . "  State parties can decide for themselves , " he said . "  It 's their choice . " In terms of outreach to minorities , Priebus said the GOP failed to pass a very basic test . Attracting minority voters a key GOP goal as Obama begins second term "  Well , for one thing , we have to ask for the vote , " he said . "  You have to ask for it and I do n't think that we 've been doing a very good job of that . " Priebus said a glaring organizational flaw for Republicans is that there have been no long-term investments made in human capital to help sell the GOP message on a neighborhood to neighborhood level . It 's more than just having an outreach director in a state -- it 's having dedicated , full-time staffers on a grass-roots level to run "  voter registration , hold community events , go to swearing-in ceremonies ... having real job descriptions for lots and lots of people on a yearlong basis in communities that move the dial . " The party 's standing among Hispanics emerged as a damaging sore spot last year for national Republicans , who were forced to answer for hard-line immigration positions from prominent conservative figures , including their own presidential nominee . Obama won with 71 % of the Hispanic vote , according to CNN national exit polls . Outreach to Hispanics has already begun , Priebus says "  I think you are seeing a lot of movement from our party on these issues , " said Priebus , who said outreach has already begun . "  A lot of it , I tell you , was tone . You know , it was n't necessarily the policy on immigration , it was what is coming out of your mouth . " He specifically mentioned a comment by Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney , who suggested illegal immigrants might "  self-deport " and leave the country willingly . "  When you talk about stuff of self-deportation , it is probably not the best place to start , " Priebus said . Still , Priebus said he believes that Republicans , not Democrats , better represent the ideals and goals of all voters , including minorities who turned out in droves to re-elect the president . Priebus plans to explain his vision for the overhaul of his party in more detail to the 168 RNC members who arrive in Charlotte , North Carolina , this week for a three-day meeting that will focus almost entirely on this subject . Five Republican heavyweights -- Henry Barbour , Sally Bradshaw , Ari Fleischer , Zori Fonalledas and Glenn McCall -- are helping Priebus craft the recovery plan , dubbed "  The Growth and Opportunity Project . " Just as Obama asked Democrats to nominate him as their presidential nominee in Charlotte in September , Priebus will ask RNC members on Friday to elect him to another two-year term . It will be more of a formality than an election , because Priebus has only token opposition and has locked down enough support to maintain his role as chairman . "  Both the grass-roots and the donors have to be on the same page , and I think I am in a unique position to do that , " he said . Priebus predicts a more ` granular ' approach for GOP Priebus is in a unique position because of his financial stewardship of the national committee , which two years ago was saddled with nearly $ 25 million in debt after the departure of controversial former RNC chairman Michael Steele . "  Our money situation here was so bad that both credit cards were suspended when I walked in the door , " he said . "  So when we went to go book travel or anything like that , we did n't have a credit card to put the travel on . Fortunately , we had my two credit cards , so we maxed out both of those cards . " Priebus estimated he spent $ 40,000 to $ 50,000 on his personal credit cards , which he was eventually reimbursed . Dialing for dollars became Priebus ' priority , a tough task for a depressed donor base that saw super PACs and the congressional campaign committees as viable alternatives to the poorly managed RNC . When he started as chairman , Priebus said there were fewer than 100 major RNC donors , people who contributed more than $ 15,000 per year . By the close of his first year , he said 1,000 people were donating $ 30,000-plus each year . Paperwork filed with the Federal Election Commission showed the RNC ended 2012 with about $ 3.3 million in the bank and no debt . Unlike two years ago , Priebus wo n't have to use his own credit card to pay for his plane ticket to Charlotte . Now the big question is whether he will be able to raise enough money to transform the party , and if he can , will his fellow Republicans embrace his plan ?	Reince Priebus , who engineered turnaround in GOP 's finances , is up for re-election RNC was so far in debt when Priebus took job that he had to use own credit card to travel Priebus says GOP must attract women , minorities , who delivered election to Obama RNC chairman says marathon debate schedule in primaries hurt GOP in general election
Tel Aviv , Israel  CNN  -- Israeli President Shimon Peres said Sunday that he could be willing to meet with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani , but expressed wariness of other forces in the country . "  Why not ? I do n't have enemies , " he told CNN 's Richard Quest at a business conference in Tel Aviv , when asked whether he 'd be willing to have such a meeting . "  It 's not a matter of a person but of a policy , " Peres added . "  The purpose is to convert enemies into friends . If it was only him I 'd take it with greater assurance , but there are other structures , other people . The Iranian Revolutionary Guard , half army and half organization , spreads terror all over the world . And I 'm not so sure they support the president . We have to see the balance of the situation . " Peres reiterated Israel 's position that it wo n't stand for Iran being a "  nuclear danger " to the world , and that "  all options remain on the table to give weight to the words . " But Israel prefers a diplomatic solution , he said . The Israeli presidency is largely a figurehead position . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu leads the government . In Iran , Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei is in charge of the government . After Iran deal , Obama and Kerry pivot to Middle East peace U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met with Netanyahu late last week . It was the first face-to-face meeting of U.S. and Israeli officials since the U.S. and five other world powers reached a six-month deal with Iran last month over its nuclear program . Even though it 's only a short-term agreement , world leaders hope it will pave the way to a long-term guarantee that Iran wo n't produce nuclear weapons . Iran insists its nuclear program is for civilian energy purposes , not weaponry . And Tehran hopes to recoup some of the billions of dollars it 's lost as a result of international sanctions . Netanyahu wants to eliminate Iran 's nuclear capability entirely , rather than merely suspend and limit the country 's nuclear development . "  The problem is what will happen in the coming six months . It 's a trial period , " Peres said Sunday . "  President Obama said that for him also this is a trial and gave an estimate of 50-50 as to whether it will succeed . " Iran will not dismantle any of its nuclear facilities as part of an effort to reach a long-term agreement , Rouhani said in an interview published Friday in The Financial Times . Asked whether dismantling Iran 's nuclear facilities was a "  red line , " Rouhani said : "  100 percent . " Rouhani told the UK-based newspaper that the nuclear agreement hammered out in Geneva , Switzerland , is an important first step to see if a mutual trust can be built with the United States . "  The problems created over 35 years can not be resolved over a limited time . The best test to see whether we are capable of building trust or not is this nuclear issue , " he said . Rouhani , widely considered more moderate than his predecessor , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , has struck a positive tone and reached out to the West to improve relations , particularly with the United States . He has also acknowledged the Holocaust , unlike Ahmadinejad . And Rouhani recently wished Jews a happy Rosh Hashanah through his official Twitter account .	Israeli president says purpose of diplomatic talks is to convert enemies into friends Iran 's Rouhani has taken a moderate tone , unlike his predecessor Israel has criticized a recently signed deal that eased some sanctions on Iran Peres says the next six months are a trial period
Wired  -- Samsung emailed , tweeted and blogged Monday about a May 3 event in which reporters are being invited to "  come and meet the next Galaxy . " At this shindig in London , we expect Samsung to unveil the Samsung Galaxy S III -- though where this smartphone sits in Samsung 's larger handset ecosystem is n't entirely clear . The Galaxy S III would be the successor to the Galaxy S II , which was never a single phone , but rather a lineup of devices with varying internal specs and exterior designs for different countries and carriers . Shoot , even the S II 's display sizes varied , with both 4.3-inch and 4.5-inch screens . And while the Galaxy S II has been the flagship Samsung Android device for AT&T , Sprint and T-Mobile , the nation 's largest carrier , Verizon , has avoided the S II altogether . Instead , Verizon has gone all-in with the Samsung Galaxy Nexus , the first handset to boast the Android 4.0 operating system . By all accounts , the Galaxy Nexus is currently Samsung 's best Android phone , its single-carrier limitation notwithstanding . But what will happen when the Galaxy S III is released ? This question , too , is complicated by the 5.3-inch Galaxy Note , which has been a surprise hit for Samsung . More than 5 million Galaxy Note units have shipped worldwide -- and this is a phone that runs on the horribly antiquated Android 2.3  Gingerbread  . With Samsung making so many phones for different markets , carriers and countries , it 's difficult to figure out just where the Galaxy S III will reside in Samsung 's line-up , says Ross Rubin , executive director of the NPD Group market research firm . "  Samsung is producing a number of of high-end smartphones with leading-edge specs and , yes , that does make it tough to figure out which one their flagship phone is , " Rubin told Wired . "  But Samsung is one of the few companies out there that can make a lot of different phones with different functionality , geared toward different markets , that can all be considered flagship phones somewhere . " Regardless , when the Galaxy S III is unveiled , the smartphone will be worthy of flagship status for at least a few carriers , Rubin said . "  The idea behind the Galaxy Nexus is to provide a pure Google Android experience , " he said . "  The Galaxy Note , which has the largest screen size of any handset in a major U.S. carrier portfolio , is clearly about maximum screen real estate and the S-Pen for notes , annotation and drawing . Each device has its trade offs and Samsung is trying to have something out there for most anyone . " Rubin says the Galaxy S and S II have been about reaching as many consumers as possible , and the S III will likely be that type of phone as well , Rubin said . "  The reason there are so many versions of the Galaxy S II , and the Galaxy S before it , is because the Galaxy S line is about establishing a high-end baseline and having broad carrier reach , " he said . "  The whole point is to sell as many of those phones as possible , so what they 're going for is top-of-the-line specs , but also mainstream consumer needs . " Carolina Milanesi , a Gartner analyst , says Samsung should be less worried about where the S III lives in its broader line-up than how it stacks up against the S II , which hit U.S. shores last fall . Conventional wisdom says the Galaxy S III will have a 4.7-inch screen , quad-core processor , an 8 + MP camera , 4G connectivity and  of course  a custom , Samsung-skinned version of Android 4.0 . The Galaxy S II had almost-as-large screens , a dual-core processor , an 8-megapixel rear camera , and 4G data support . "  If the Galaxy S III is just like the Galaxy S II , but with slightly better specifications , then I think Samsung will have a tough time selling it as differentiated product , " Milanesi said . "  If that 's what Samsung releases , the question will be , Can Samsung do what Apple does so well , with a refresh of an existing phone ? " She makes a compelling point : When you compare the iPhone 4 to the iPhone 4S , Apple 's hardware specs are remarkably similar . In effect , Apple 's most successful phone launch ever was built on the back of an extra CPU core , an improved camera , and a clever voice-recognition system with natural language comprehension  Siri  . "  Samsung 's brand is not Apple-strong yet , " Milanesi said . "  I do n't know if Samsung will ever reach that emotional level for the brand from the consumer standpoint . And that 's what makes this question of ` Will the Galaxy S III be a big flagship phone ? ' so tricky . The Galaxy S II already has what most consumers are looking for from an Android phone . " Samsung 's best chance at making the Galaxy S III a success would be introducing a ground-breaking new technology , she said . "  I do n't think phones can get that much thinner , and I do n't think they need to get much bigger , " Milanesi said . "  If Samsung can release a phone with a flexible display , something they 've been experimenting with for awhile now , then they 'd be far ahead of the curve . If they do n't do something like that , they might have a hard time getting enough people to see the Galaxy S III as a truly differentiated product . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	The Galaxy Nexus is currently Samsung 's best Android phone When the Galaxy S III is unveiled , that phone will be worthy of flagship status Conventional wisdom says the Galaxy S III will have a 4.7-inch screen and a 8 + MP camera
CNN  -- It still makes Fatoma Dia 's eyes widen whenever the Hilton hotel cleaning worker sees a bar of barely used soap on a bathroom counter . "  This , " she says , picking it up with a gloved hand and dropping it in a brown bucket , "  is valuable where I come from . " The 35-year-old grew up in a mountainous region of southern Sudan where soap can cost more than a day 's wages . Because some in the region , could not wash , they got sick . Across the globe , 2.4 billion people do not have access to clean sanitation , according to the World Health Organization . An estimated 1.5 million children die every year because their immune systems are not mature enough to battle diarrheal and respiratory diseases spread in contaminated environments . Sicknesses related to contaminated water supplies and poor human hygiene tend to plague poorer regions in sub-Saharan Africa , Central and South America , East Asia and the Caribbean . Water-borne illnesses such as cholera can hit countries suddenly , particularly in the wake of a natural disaster where there is little infrastructure previously in place to handle sustainable cleanup and recovery . A recent example is Haiti . Hit by an earthquake in January 2010 , many Haitians were forced to live in tent camps and use water that was contaminated . Incidents of cholera plagued the country , a problem that continues today . Politically vulnerable nations or countries in the grip of war are also breeding grounds for sickness caused by poor sanitation . Illness tends to spread quicker when people are forced into cramped and overcrowded refugee camps where there are few bathrooms or none at all . Dia , who says she was the victim of religious persecution in Sudan , came to the U.S. several years ago . Her immigration liaison connected her with a job cleaning hotel rooms . In her home country , she personally had access to soap . But coming from a place with little sanitation to a hotel that observed a spick-and-span ethos was strange . "  It may be hard for people here to understand because it is so easy to wash , everything is here for you , you do n't ever think about it , " she said . "  Keep in mind that what you do every day may be the biggest task of the day for someone else . " Each day she works , Dia takes a little extra time during her shift to retrieve all gently used bars of soap in each room . She and other cleaning staff at this Hilton typically collect several hundred pounds of soap each month . The nonprofit Global Soap Project , which works with more than 300 hotels across the country , relies on their hard work and many other volunteers to pick up those heavy hauls and deliver it to a reprocessing location near Atlanta , where the soap is stripped , cleaned , reprocessed and then tested to make sure there is no trace of bacteria left . The bars are then cut into smaller pieces and shipped to nations such as Haiti , Kenya , Swaziland and Uganda . The founder of the Global Soap Project , Derreck Kayongo , is a Ugandan war refugee and one of the Top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 . "  I was shocked just to know how much  soap  at the end of the day was thrown away , " Kayongo said . Each year , hundreds of millions of soap bars are discarded in North America alone . "  Are we really throwing away that much soap at the expense of other people who do n't have anything ? It just does n't sound right . " Children are key In recent years , international health organizations , including WHO and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , have had success facilitating better sanitation in needy regions and teaching people the importance of basic hand washing . Since July 2010 , more than 40 countries and regions have started hand hygiene campaigns , according to the WHO . "  It seems so simple , soap and water . But imagine never being taught how to do that , " said Dr. Eric Mintz , who leads the Global Water , Sanitation , and Hygiene Epidemiology team at the CDC . "  Washing hands is an afterthought for us . But at some point in American history , in the early part of the century , we had to build and improve our water infrastructure . " Mintz has worked in the field of water-borne illnesses for 22 years , specializing in the treatment of cholera , dysentery and typhoid fever . He has been part of projects to build latrines in villages in Kenya and Haiti . He also participated in a campaign in Kenya where school teachers encouraged students to learn how to wash their hands by making it seem cool to join a hand washing club . The children were sent home with comic books that explained when and how to wash in the hope that the kids would teach their parents . "  Children are often much more receptive than their parents or other adults because they do n't feel that we are outsiders judging them and telling them they 're living wrong , " Mintz said . "  The adults feel less threatened when their children , innocently in the home , pass along what they 've learned . To change a community 's habits , reach the children first . " Colorful messages on cleanliness Mintz and other health care experts also stress the effectiveness of posting large , brightly colored posters in public places to advocate frequent hand washing . Many point to the recent success of Global Handwashing Day to primarily target children and schools in developing countries . The campaign has a bright , cheerful and easily recognized logo , and its website offers tools to use in classrooms and community centers . In Ghana , where children suffer as many as 35 episodes of diarrhea and respiratory infections a year , children celebrated Global Handwashing Day  October 15  by performing plays about washing with soap . Two talk radio shows made it their main topic of conversation . In Somalia , hand-washing facilities were installed in health-care clinics and schools , a huge step forward in a war-torn region that suffers from a shortage of clean water and overcrowding in displacement camps and settlements . Radio ads also encouraged good hygiene and dispelled myths about illnesses resulting from bad sanitation . One 9-year-old Somalian girl wrote in an essay that she thought getting diarrhea was a "  punishment from God " until she heard otherwise on the radio . In Pakistan , a new animated character named Sabu helped teach children the importance of hand washing with soap . Watch a video of Sabu on YouTube Haiti was a big focus of the campaign this year . More than 400,000 have been sickened from cholera since the disease emerged in October 2010 . At a Port-au-Prince school that was rebuilt by UNICEF , children learned a catchy phrase : "  Good morning , water ! Good morning , soap ! Goodbye , microbes ! " They then sang a song about why it 's important to wash before eating and after using the bathroom . They also practiced washing their hands , a habit the Global Soap Project hopes they 'll keep after recently sending many bars of soap to the nation . Fatoma Dia thinks about her own 15-year-old daughter when she considers the children whose lives may be saved by her simple task of collecting soap every day . "  I know that there are little ones who care and need this , " she said , dropping another bar into a bucket . "  I am proud to do this . To be so far away , but to know I reach my people in this way , this makes me happy . "	Millions of people in developing countries do n't have access to soap or clean water Many young children die because their immune systems ca n't fight diarrheal diseases Often , experts say , children and their parents do n't even know how to wash their hands CDC doctor : "  To change a community 's habits , reach the children first "
San Diego , California  CNN  -- In most high schools in America , they teach Shakespeare . But at Central Falls High School in Rhode Island , they 're acting out a Shakespearean drama . Only instead of the famous line from Henry VI -- let 's kill all the lawyers -- what we have is : "  Let 's fire all the teachers . " That 's exactly what Central Falls School District Superintendent Frances Gallo did in February . In a move that was bold but also justified , Gallo fired 77 teachers at Central Falls High School in Rhode Island , along with the school 's principal , three assistant principals and other administrators . In all , the district said , 93 people were let go in the purge . The school board later stood by Gallo and approved the action . The mass firings , which take effect at the end of this school year , came after the district failed to reach an agreement with the local teachers ' union on a plan that would have required teachers to spend more time with students to improve test scores -- with only a small increase in pay . Consistent with federal guidelines designed to improve the educational system , Gallo asked teachers to work a longer school day of seven hours and tutor students weekly for one hour outside school time . She proposed teachers have lunch with students often , meet for 90 minutes every week to discuss education and set aside two weeks during summer break for paid professional development . Think of it as asking teachers to go back and fix what they did n't do right the first time . Central Falls High School is one of the lowest-performing schools in Rhode Island . It operates in a community where the median income is $ 22,000 , according to census statistics . Of the school 's 800 students , 65 percent are Latino and most of them consider English a second language . Half the student body is failing every subject , with 55 percent meeting requirements in reading and only 7 percent in math . "  No thanks , " said the teachers . "  You 're fired , " said Gallo . Upon hearing this story , my first thought was how do we get this woman out of Rhode Island -- and down to Washington to clean house by demanding results from the politicians ? Apologists for the public schools and other defenders of the status quo will hear those statistics , and say : "  Well , how do you expect educators to reach and teach a population like that ? " Easy . I expect teachers to do it by putting aside the excuses , setting higher expectations , adhering to better standards , giving into common sense reforms and doing their jobs in a school that serves a vulnerable population that is especially in need of a quality education -- but also , and here 's the good news , in many cases , extra motivated to get one . Forget that poor-kids-can ` t-learn nonsense . It was n't true 100 years ago and it 's not true now . Besides , there is no ideal student population . Whenever I write in support of education reform -- whether proposed by Democrats or Republicans -- or , for that matter , whenever I challenge teachers in any way , I get an earful from angry and defensive educators who demand to know if I have ever been in the classroom . I interpret their comments to mean that if have never been a teacher , I ought to just pipe down and keep paying my taxes so they can grow their salaries at a respectful rate . I will keep paying my taxes , but I will not pipe down . Not that I think it matters , but , in fact , I have been in the classroom . I taught for nearly five years at the K-12 level in Central California . I 've taught the kids of poor farm workers , but I 've also taught the kids of doctors and lawyers . Now guess which group was more respectful of authority and eager to learn , and which was more likely to think of itself as entitled and privileged ? In teachers ' lounges , I 've heard teachers complain about kids who are poor and disadvantaged . But I 've also heard other teachers complain about those who are spoiled and overly advantaged . Why ? Because that 's what teachers do . They complain . They ca n't help it . It 's in their professional DNA . Everything is always someone else 's fault . They never want to accept responsibility for kids who drop out of school but they 're the first in line to claim credit for the kids who wind up in the Ivy League . One minute , they 're arguing that the parents have all the power over how a child performs . The next , they 're denying those same parents the right to have more options and a greater say in their kids ' education through charter schools and voucher programs . The contradictions are astounding . And now thanks to the Obama administration , whose approach to education reform is , interestingly enough , an exact replica of that of the Bush administration , teachers and teachers ' unions have even more to complain about . The American Federation of Teachers , one of the nation 's largest teachers ' unions , even complained about President Obama after the chief executive referenced the Rhode Island firings and praised the school district for taking the action . "  Our kids get only one chance at an education and we need to get it right , " Obama said in a speech this week to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce . This , AFT president Randi Weingarten insisted , was nothing more than an attempt by Obama to "  score political points by scapegoating teachers . " So , teachers ' unions , how 's that hope and change working out for you ? It seems to be working pretty well for the country , since Obama is obviously serious about education reform . Back in Rhode Island , Gallo said this week that she is willing to negotiate now that the local teachers ' union has agreed to support the changes she proposed . You do n't say ? The firings worked . Score one for accountability and common sense . Now , Madame Superintendent , about that trip to Washington ... The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Teachers were fired at a poorly performing Rhode Island high school Ruben Navarrette says teachers like to complain about the challenges they face He says reforming schools requires holding teachers accountable Blaming poor performance on the students does n't accomplish anything , he says
CNN  -- Kathleen Taylor was hanging lights on her house in Wimberley , Texas , the week before Thanksgiving in 1998 . Reaching to put up a giant yellow star on the end of the eave , Taylor felt the ladder she was on start to wobble . Glancing down , she saw her 3-year-old daughter playing below . "  I just panicked , " she says . Worried the ladder would fall on the toddler , Taylor jumped off , landing unnaturally on the front part of her left foot . The foot was swollen for days , and Taylor remembers hobbling around through the holidays , certain she had a hairline fracture . Taylor 's story is n't unusual . In November and December 2010  the latest data available  , more than 13,000 people were treated in hospital emergency rooms due to injuries related to holiday decorating , according to the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission . Dr. Shawn Evans , an emergency medicine physician at Scripps Memorial Hospital La Jolla in Southern California , says falls are "  hands down the most common reason why we 'll see folks this time of year . " Usually these injuries fall into one of three categories , Evans says : older men or women who are putting up lights outside and hurt their head or neck ; middle-aged men who 've had a couple of drinks while decorating and injure their shoulders or wrists ; and kids who are trying to assist and end up with head lacerations or concussions . Evans remembers one horrifying incident from years ago : A man who was hanging decorations on his house eve slipped and managed to get his neck tangled in a string of lights . "  His feet were on the ladder . The ladder could have slipped ; he could have hung himself , " he says . Fortunately the man was rescued by a neighbor , but the accident left a ligature mark across his throat . It 's not always decorations that pose a danger during the holidays . Each year , fires kill approximately 400 Americans and cause more than $ 990 million in damage , according to the U.S. Fire Administration . Christmas trees are often the first item ignited , the National Fire Protection Association says . If you 're buying a live tree this year , make sure to check it for freshness by looking at the color  it should be green , not brown  and needles  they should n't break when bent or fall off branches easily  , according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission . And always place a tree away from heat sources like an air vent or fireplace . If you choose an artificial tree , look for a "  fire resistant " label , the CPSC says . Candles are another fire hazard . The CPSC recommends using flameless candles if you have young children or pets , and placing real candles away from materials that will catch on fire easily . Make sure to extinguish all candles before going to bed at night . Evans says the second most common injuries his staff sees during the holiday season are caused by "  alcohol-and ... " accidents : alcohol and a motor vehicle ; alcohol and an altercation ; alcohol and cooking knives . "  There 's ample time for people to get out and party , and make less-than-fortunate decisions , " Evans says . Inappropriate presents -- or those that are n't well-thought out -- can also put people at risk . Some of the most hazardous gifts have wheels , Evans says . From kids who ca n't wait to test out their new bikes to adults who ca n't wait to test out their new motorcycles , head and spinal injuries are often seen in the ER around the holidays . "  The message for folks is that if it rolls or requires a helmet , make sure you gift the helmet , " Evans says . "  Do n't rely on the person ... to buy their helmet later on . They will get hurt on Christmas Day . " Doctors also see gun and knife-related injuries post-Christmas . Recipients eager to show off their new gifts are often reckless with the safety of themselves and those around them , Evans says . You would think such tales might make ER staff question the intelligence of the human race . "  You know what it really does ? It gives you a great appreciation for the humility of human circumstances , " Evans says . "  If you really approach it honestly , you and I would do the same thing . " Like when you forget to turn off the outside Christmas lights and sneak outside in your bare feet -- only to end up slipping on a patch of ice . Or thinking you 're more than old enough to roller-blade without a helmet , until your head hits the pavement . "  Everybody 's  injury  story began with something really plausible , " Evans warns . Like CNN Health on Facebook	In 2010 , more than 13,000 people were treated for holiday decorating-related injuries Falls are the most common reason ERs see patients during the holidays , doctor says Each year fires kill approximately 400 Americans and cause $ 990 million in damage
CNN  -- Greg Smith left Goldman Sachs yesterday . After more than a decade at the firm , the executive left in a bit of a huff . The culture of Goldman Sachs , Smith complained in a New York Times op-ed , is "  toxic and destructive . " It was not always so , he says . Indeed , Smith insists , a decent "  culture was -LSB- Goldman 's -RSB- secret sauce . " But then Lloyd Blankfein and Gary Cohn "  lost hold of the firm 's culture , " with the result that this "  decline in the firm 's moral fiber represents the single most serious threat to -LSB- the firm 's -RSB- long-run survival . " Moral fiber is no doubt important . So , too , is culture . But it is a mistake to understand culture without also understanding incentives . The culture that Smith praises was the product of a firm with a particular legal form , in a particular financial environment . At just about the same time , both particularities changed . And given these changes , it is no wonder that the culture Mr. Smith celebrates soon disappeared . For most of its history , Goldman Sachs was a partnership . That meant the principals were jointly and individually liable for the losses of the firm . And for most of its history , Goldman Sachs operated in a relatively boring financial environment . Low risk and low reward . No doubt there was money to be made . But regulations designed to keep the system safe meant that the real money in that economy got earned by people who made real stuff . In the 1990s , however , both conditions changed . Goldman Sachs went public in 1999 , though the partners kept 48 % of the stock themselves . And the regulations that had kept finance boring had all but disappeared by the time Goldman 's IPO was issued . These changes increased the market opportunity â $ " radically . They also increased the market pressure on financial firms â $ " radically , as well . Bold  and sometimes reckless  experiments  "  financial innovations "  created incredible opportunities for firms like Goldman to profit . Persistent and relentless pressure from a publicly traded stock pushed employees to experiment more boldly still . Ticking across every employee 's computer was the firm 's stock price , a constant market signal of how they were doing â $ " up , good ; down , bad . Those signals in turn were driven by the behavior of competing firms . Another view : Attack on Goldman misfires Recklessness by a competitor may produce higher profit in the short term . But the  nontransparent derivatives  market could n't easily distinguish between profit driven by recklessness and profit driven by better management . The consequence was a kind of teaching-to-the-test . Behavior  however reckless  that produced the right signals from the market got rewarded . When that was n't enough , more and more , as Smith puts it , "  people push the envelope . " But you ca n't negate the effect of these two changes with a simple injunction to "  Be Good ! " Being good would be great . But we wo n't get great  or even mere good  until we change the incentives that drove Wall Street off the cliff . We must , in other words , re-examine the changes that brought about this bad climate . Robert Reich , for example , has long argued that "  professional companies should not be permitted to become publicly held corporations . " As he puts it , "  Such a step puts them into high-stakes competition for investors , pushing them to maximize profits over their responsibilities to the public . "  Not to mention their client .  Take away the stock ticker , in other words , and you make it easier for the traders to do  long-term  right . Likewise with financial innovations . If we 're going to keep these instruments as part of our financial system , then we obviously need to increase the regulatory oversight that would keep at least a rational firm in check . Not just the rules to regulate risk , but the punishments for behaving badly . If rewards are greater , then penalties need to be greater , too . At least if we 're to avoid the kind of culture that Smith so powerfully criticizes . None of this means that strong moral fiber and the right culture are n't important . They are . Since at least Adam Smith we have known that markets with good morals are more efficient than markets without . But we can not rely upon the gossamer threads of being good when having more money than God is the reward for being bad . Good law is needed , if good culture is to have a chance of return . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lawrence Lessig .	Goldman Sachs executive quits , blaming the firm 's culture Lawrence Lessig : Goldman changed when it went public and finance regulations were eased The pressure to raise the stock price was constant signal for employees to take risks Lessig : Culture ca n't triumph over incentives when so much money is at stake
CNN  -- Oil company BP shouldered some responsibility for the Gulf of Mexico oil disaster Wednesday after an internal investigation of the spill , but assigned much of the blame to contractors Halliburton and Transocean . Faulty cementing , a misread pressure test and an improperly maintained blowout preventer all contributed to the April 20 explosion that killed 11 workers aboard the Deepwater Horizon drill rig and led to the worst oil spill in U.S. history , BP 's nearly 200-page report on the disaster concluded . "  The team did not identify any single action or inaction that caused this accident , " BP 's report states . "  Rather , a complex and interlinked series of mechanical failures , human judgments , engineering design , operational implementation and team interfaces came together to allow the initiation and escalation of the accident . Multiple companies , work teams and circumstances were involved over time . " Both Halliburton and Transocean sharply disputed the findings , with Transocean calling them "  self-serving " and Halliburton insisting that the problem lay with BP 's well design . In a corporate statement , Halliburton said the report contained "  a number of substantial omissions and inaccuracies . " "  Halliburton remains confident that all the work it performed with respect to the Macondo well was completed in accordance with BP 's specifications for its well construction plan and instructions , and that it is fully indemnified under its contract for any of the allegations contained in the report , " the company said . A Halliburton engineer also criticized BP 's well design during an August hearing by the Coast Guard-Interior Department board investigating the disaster . But in a statement accompanying the report , outgoing BP chief Tony Hayward said the well design was not the issue . "  Based on the report , it would appear unlikely that the well design contributed to the incident , as the investigation found that the hydrocarbons flowed up the production casing through the bottom of the well , " he said . In July , Hayward said the disaster "  was the result of multiple equipment errors and human error involving many companies . " Bob Dudley , who is replacing Hayward , said Wednesday 's report "  makes that conclusion even clearer . " BP 's report also found "  potential weaknesses " in Transocean 's maintenance of the rig 's blowout preventer , the massive fail-safe device that failed to shut down the well after the explosion . BP said its team aboard the doomed platform "  incorrectly accepted " results of a negative pressure test on the rig before the blast and mistakenly rejected equipment that cement contractor Halliburton requested to complete the well 's casing . Rep. Ed Markey , the head of a congressional subcommittee also investigating the spill , said the report was no "  mea culpa " on BP 's part . "  Of their own eight key findings , they only explicitly take responsibility for half of one , " said Markey , D-Massachusetts . "  BP is happy to slice up blame , as long as they get the smallest piece . " Several other investigations are still going on , including probes by Congress and the Justice Department . Retired Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen , the Obama administration 's point man for the disaster , said the BP report was "  not the be-all and end-all " on the matter . "  I would just say the more we know about this event in general , the better off we are , " Allen told reporters Wednesday . "  It 'll add to a larger body of evidence that , or body of work , that might be , wo n't be completed until we finish the joint investigation by the Department of Interior and Homeland Security , and the other various investigations that are going on . " And Aaron Viles , a spokesman for the Louisiana-based Gulf Restoration Network , largely dismissed the report . "  While any investigation headed up by BP has as much credibility as my 3-year-old daughter 's nightly assertions that it 's not bedtime yet , BP cops to much , but not all here , " Viles said in a statement issued Wednesday afternoon . "  Ultimately , the report is going to be used to bolster BP 's case against the other potentially responsible parties , such as Transocean and Halliburton . " Viles said that while tracking the cause of the explosion is important , "  fighting the last war wo n't necessarily prepare us for the next , inevitable mess . " As the well owner , BP is responsible for the cleanup and has set aside a $ 20 billion escrow fund to pay for damages . But BP , Halliburton and Transocean have repeatedly pointed fingers at one another over the cause of the explosion , which resulted in an estimated 4.9 million barrels  205 million gallons  of oil spilling into the Gulf over 87 days . In Wednesday 's report , BP said its team aboard the rig misread a critical pressure test in the hours before the explosion . "  In retrospect , pressure readings and volume bled at the time of the negative-pressure test were indications of flow-path communication with the reservoir , signifying that the integrity of these barriers had not been achieved , " the report states . "  The Transocean rig crew and BP well site leaders reached the incorrect view that the test was successful and that well integrity had been established . " Neither of BP 's well site leaders , Robert Kaluza and Donald Vidrine , has appeared before the investigative board . Kaluza has invoked his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination , while Vidrine was excused for medical reasons . BP 's investigation found that Halliburton used a "  likely unstable " cement mix that was not fully tested before it was used . Mark Bly , BP 's head of safety and operations , said in a video accompanying the report that Halliburton "  did not conduct comprehensive lab tests that could 've identified potential problems with the cement . " But he added , "  We believe that BP and Halliburton working together should have better identified and addressed the issues underlying the cement job . " But Halliburton engineer Jesse Gagliano testified in August that he warned BP that its well design was inadequate . Appearing before the investigative board , Gagliano said he told BP that the well design did not have enough centralizers -- devices used to position the cement casing around the well bore . The design called for six centralizers , but Gagliano recommended 21 because of the "  severe gas flow problem " in the well . BP engineer Brian Morel replied by e-mail that "  It was too late and we had to deal with what we had on the rig , " Gagliano testified . In addition , e-mails from BP engineers , released by a congressional committee in June , suggest that the oil company had its own concerns about the well . Drilling engineer Brian Morel called it a "  nightmare well which has everyone all over the place , " while Mark Hafle called it "  a crazy well . " Both Hafle and Morel invoked their Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination during the most recent round of hearings by the investigative board . Eventually , 15 more centralizers were shipped to the rig . BP 's well team "  erroneously believed that they had received the wrong centralizers " and decided not to use them , according to Wednesday 's report -- but the decision not to use them "  likely did not contribute to the cement 's failure to isolate the main hydrocarbon zones or to the failure of the shoe track cement . " BP 's report also faults Transocean 's crew for failing "  to recognize and act on the influx of hydrocarbons into the well until the hydrocarbons were in the riser and rapidly flowing to the surface . " "  Indications of influx with an increase in drill pipe pressure are discernible in real-time data from approximately 40 minutes before the rig crew took action to control the well , " the report states . "  The rig crew 's first apparent well control actions occurred after hydrocarbons were rapidly flowing to the surface . " In its response , Transocean said BP made decisions that increased the chances that flammable gas would come flowing out of the well . It also failed to run a common test on the integrity of the cement or to employ a "  lockdown sleeve " that would have helped contain the eventual blowout , it said .	NEW : Halliburton says BP 's report has "  substantial omissions and inaccuracies " Report lays much of the blame on contractors Halliburton and Transocean BP says its own team "  incorrectly accepted " test results Previous testimony pointed fingers at BP well design
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- When Glynis McCants looks at Michael Jackson 's life , she sees the number five . Numerologist Glynis McCants says that with his numbers , Jackson was a draw to fans . Jackson 's talent was discovered when he was 5 years old , he came to fame as a member of the Jackson 5 and he planned a series of 50 concert dates in London , England , as part of a comeback tour before he died on June 25 at the age of 50 . For McCants , a noted numerologist and author , those facts are very telling : "  Five is the number for drama , and it was in his life his whole life . " For many fans , the lure of Michael Jackson as a performer and pop icon was magical . Those who deal in the paranormal are tuned in to that magic . Numerology deals with the influence of numbers on personal characteristics and human affairs . McCants -- who has appeared on nationally syndicated television and radio shows and is known as the "  Numbers Lady " -- said that by taking Jackson 's birth date  August 29 , 1958 , or 8/29/1958  she could chart his personality . His was "  six life path , " she said , meaning he was magnetic and drew people to him . That , coupled with the fact that he was born on a two day made him irresistible , she said . "  If you are born on a two day and are a six life path then America and the world seem to fall in love with you , " McCants said . "  It 's almost as if you always get a shot with that energy if you shoot for stardom , and then you can sabotage it , " McCants said . "  Britney Spears was born on a two day , and she 's a six life path ; Lindsay Lohan was born on a two day , and she 's a six life path ; and Sarah Palin was born on a two day , and is a six life path . " Such people , McCants said , thrive on the attention . Psychic Eddie Conner said Jackson could n't help but attract such attention , even if it resulted in a life of isolation . "  He 's an old soul with an enormous amount of creative artistic energy that pours to him and from him , " said Conner , who works as a "  soul intuitive " in Los Angeles , California , and whose clients include celebrities he declines to name . "  Whenever he 's doing his magic he 's untouchable , and I think that 's the reason everybody gravitates toward him . " And despite all of Jackson 's troubles , Conner said he believes the star will have an opportunity at success and fame again . Unlike other souls that stay in the nonphysical realm anywhere from 70 to 150 years , he said , he believes the singer 's soul will return quickly -- within the next 20 years -- because Jackson was such a perfectionist that he will want to "  pick up where he left off . " "  If not as a performer , then a Quincy Jones/Michael Jackson/whoever , the top producers that get mass -LSB- music -RSB- out to the world to uplift them , " Conner said . Fans continue to gravitate toward Jackson even as they try to make sense of his passing because mourning him reinvigorates the energy and attention surrounding him , Conner said . "  He was untouchable when he was connected to his soul and what he came to this planet to do , " Conner said . "  The average person looks at that and they believe that if they can touch it -- or have him touch them -- then maybe some of it would rub off . " The desire for such a connection can cause devastation now that Jackson is gone , said psychic consultant Jack Rourke , who has worked extensively in paranormal research and consulted for major Hollywood studios . "  Even though we 've never met Michael , people create a symbiotic relationship with this image or this person , " Rourke said . "  We project all of the positive aspects of ourselves , all of the wonderful things onto this image of perfection or near perfection that we see , and we imagine subconsciously that this person is in agreement with the deepest part of ourselves . "  When this is no longer possible because this person is gone , it creates a vacuum within us , so people need to maintain a psychological or even a spiritual stability by creating a fixed image of Jackson , " he said . Rourke said he fully expects people to come forward claiming to have communicated with Jackson , but that any credible professional psychic or medium will not attempt to connect with Jackson for at least six months to a year and will only do so at the behest of a family member or an intimate friend of the singer . In the meantime , Conner said fans can still reach out to the singer 's energy in a simple way : "  The greatest way to connect with Michael is through listening to his music . "	Numerologist says Michael Jackson 's numbers add up to charisma Paranormal professionals see Jackson as out of this world Psychic believes Jackson will be reincarnated within 20 years Loss of Jackson "  creates a vacuum " psychic consultant says
CNN  -- The sole set of criminal charges to come from the fake classes scandal at the University of North Carolina might soon be dropped . Orange County District Attorney Jim Woodall told CNN that he 's thinking about withdrawing fraud charges against ex-UNC professor Julius Nyang ` oro . Nyang ` oro was indicted in December after a grand jury found he was paid to teach so-called paper classes , which did n't require students to attend but instead just write a single paper . The scandal has drawn national attention since the NCAA has declined to punish the university , even though many of the classes were attended by athletes . Whistleblower and former reading specialist Mary Willingham , along with former athletes , have also publicly said there was systematic cheating in the classes and that the Athletic Department used the paper classes to keep athletes eligible when they would have otherwise failed . But UNC has continuously denied that any administrators , except for Nyang ` oro and his assistant , were aware of what was happening . Woodall said his decision was based on great cooperation from Nyang ` oro in the criminal investigation and the latest UNC-commissioned inquiry , this one being conducted by former Homeland Security adviser Ken Wainstein . Woodall said he thinks it is better for the community to have Nyang ` oro 's cooperation -- to understand why , how and when the paper classes began and who had knowledge of them -- than to have a criminal prosecution move forward . In either case , Woodall said , Nyang ` oro is likely eligible for a diversionary program that would eventually lead to the charges being dismissed . "  Even though it 's a noncriminal investigation , that is more important than this , " Woodall said , referring to Wainstein 's review . "  The money is paid back already , " Woodall said . "  This was more of an academic scandal than any kind of criminal issue . ... In the criminal probe , what we 're left with is one low-level nonviolent felony for a person never in trouble before in his life . " That said , nothing has been decided . Woodall is simply considering it . Neither Nyang ` oro or his attorney responded to CNN 's requests for comment . Last week , during a UNC board meeting , Wainstein gave an update , and referenced the cooperation from both Nyang ` oro and his assistant , Debbie Crowder . Woodall announced he declined to charge Crowder when she began cooperating . Wainstein told the board that his team had been briefed by the criminal investigators and that Crowder and Nyang ` oro were interviewed , "  thanks in large part to the efforts and assistance of Orange County District Attorney James Woodall Jr. " Wainstein also said that his team has collected and searched 1.5 million e-mails and documents from more than 30 people , including faculty , athletic administrators at UNC . They are also analyzing student transcripts going back to the 1980s and have gotten "  extremely valuable " information from people who have reached out . Woodall said he believes Nyang ` oro 's cooperation is imperative . "  It may be impossible to get to the bottom because this was going on for years and years , but the only opportunity to get a full picture -- they had to interview Julius Nyang ` oro , and he was willing to do that . " Willingham said that there are several administrators in academics and athletics who openly talked about the paper classes and about putting athletes into the classes when they needed a boost to their grade point average .	District Attorney Jim Woodall said he 's thinking about withdrawing fraud charges Former University of North Carolina professor Julius Nyang ` oro is key figure in case Woodall said his most important aim is the full cooperation of Nyang ` oro Whistleblowers say the Athletic Department used paper classes to keep athletes eligible
CNN  There 's a steady stream of blood flowing down his face from a cut just above his eye . His rapid , open-mouth breathing inadvertently draws some of the blood inside , discoloring his teeth . He appears dazed , probably with a concussion . But there are no trained physicians around to evaluate . And even if there were , it 's doubtful anything a doctor could say would stop him from fighting . The crowd that has gathered in this backyard of a Miami suburb wo n't let him . They have too much money invested . Besides , this illegal fight is the safest way he can make money . And his best chance of reaching the American Dream . When I first saw this footage from the documentary "  Dawg Fight , " I recoiled . Here we are recognizing the 50th anniversary of "  Bloody Sunday " in Selma , Alabama , and in the next state over there are desperate , unemployed black men beating the hell out of each other for a hundred bucks . While the 1999 cult classic "  Fight Club " made organized street fights look like a sexy form of psychotherapy for repressed men  and some of the guys who participate in street fights do fit the bill  , the vast majority in the documentary just need the money . Because in the Miami area the poor reportedly live on $ 11 a day . And in West Perrine , the suburb where "  Dawg Fight " takes place and where nearly 75 % of the residents are black , unemployment remains high . "  This is the future of America , " said the film 's director , Billy Corben . "  When you look at the incarceration rate , especially for black men , and income inequality , the life you see in ` Dawg Fight ' is where we are headed . "  We have these ridiculous drug laws , which makes it nearly impossible to get a job once you 've been arrested . And if you can get a job , it does n't pay enough to feed a family . " The numbers speak for themselves . The United States has 5 % of the world 's population but 25 % of its prisoners -- by far the most of any country . Meanwhile , between 2009 and 2012 , the top 1 % of Americans captured 95 % of all income growth . So while it is true unemployment is down and Wall Street is booming , the combination of a debilitating criminal justice system and low wages has created an environment in which men such as those featured in "  Dawg Fight " feel backyard fights are actually one of the less nefarious ways they can make money . Sens. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , and Cory Booker , D-New Jersey , have become interesting bedfellows as they work to address the country 's runaway prison industry . This week , the pair , along with Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York , introduced a medical marijuana bill as another step toward decriminalizing the drug . This is a welcome step , because of the 8.2 million marijuana arrests between 2001-2010 , nearly 90 % was for simple possession , according to the American Civil Liberties Union . And while whites and blacks use the drug at the same rate , blacks were arrested four times as often , the ACLU said . That 's not to say all of the ex-cons in the 12-by-12 ring are nonviolent drug offenders . Some , by their own admission , have done worse . But they are out of jail now , and do n't have the luxury of waiting to see if debates going on in Washington actually result in laws . "  I do n't promote violence , I promote hope , " said Dada 5000 , who started West Perrine fights in his mother 's backyard and who was once a bodyguard for mixed martial arts fighter Kimbo Slice . "  A lot of these men paid their debt back to society ; they did the rehab , but they still ca n't get a job . They do n't blame society for their life . ...  T  hey are back here in these streets , and they would like a second chance , a chance to do the right thing , but those chances are not there . We are an alternative to the bad things . " I asked if the election of the first black President provided any inspiration at all , and he said , "  Obama 's black , but he did n't grow up black , not like this . "  He never had to make do , to go without . He never was put inside those situations , those circumstances where desperation pushes you to the edge . He 's had what he thinks are hard times , but it 's nothing like this . If he came down here , he would be blown away . " Corben echoes the sentiment . "  The unemployment rate is all well and good for people in Washington , but those are not the people who are trying to make it , " he said . "  People think of Miami , they think of beaches and Ocean Drive and all of that . This is the part of Miami people do n't want to talk about . "  But you know what ? Miami is not unique . There are a lot of cities like this , " he adds . "  Dawg Fight " certainly does n't sugarcoat anything . The fights are raw , vicious . But then so is the reality in which it is based . Two of the fighters featured are dead -- including one on whom police used a Taser . With prize money as little as $ 100 , the chances this lifestyle alone can elevate a family out of poverty is slim to none . But what are the alternatives ? I grew up in a rough neighborhood on the eastside of Detroit . I was mugged in elementary school by a grown man . And even I do n't claim to know the desperation these men see on a daily basis . "  We do n't have Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson coming down here to this level of hood , " Dada said . "  This is the real Miami . We may not want to acknowledge it , but it is . "  And I bet if you go to some of the other cities where men do n't have any skills , they do n't have an education , they may have a record ... you 'll find the same thing , " he added . "  What I 'm doing is n't barbaric , it 's a message . "	The documentary "  Dawg Fight " shows men fighting in a Miami suburb for money LZ Granderson : It 's the only chance for some ever to reach the American Dream
CNN  -- The Boy Scouts of America , indicating its ban on openly gay members will remain in effect , said it will consider a resolution asking that local units be allowed to determine their own standards . An unidentified volunteer leader in the Northeast introduced the resolution . Members of a committee have until May 2013 to make a report or recommendation to the group 's National Executive Board , said Boy Scouts spokesman Deron Smith . The debate over the Boy Scouts ' membership policy is not new . "  Resolutions of this nature are not unique , " Smith said on Thursday . But the issue is back in the headlines because of the resolution , a separate online petition and the formation of a group that wants Boy Scouts to end its "  outdated " policy . Jennifer Tyrrell 's case has been championed on Change.org , where the petition has garnered more than 290,000 signatures in support of the Boy Scouts reversing its position on gay leaders . The lesbian Tiger Cub den leader was dismissed by her local troop earlier this year . "  This is n't about my sexuality ; this is n't about anybody 's sexuality , " Tyrrell said in April . "  It 's about teaching children to be better adults , and we are n't doing that by teaching them to hate or discriminate . " Smith said Tyrrell understood the policy when she signed up . Tyrrell told CNN 's Kyra Phillips on Thursday that her partnership was never an issue within the troop . "  Nobody cares . We were just scouts . " Among those supporting Tyrrell is Eagle Scout Zach Wahls , now 20 , who last month delivered Change.org signatures to the Boy Scouts of America at an Orlando , Florida , meeting . Author of "  My Two Moms : Lessons of Love , Strength , and What Makes a Family , " Wahls is co-founder of Scouts for Equality , which said it will lead a "  respectful , honest " dialogue on the matter . "  When I was earning my Citizenship in the Community merit badge , I learned the importance of standing up for what you believe to be right , " he wrote on the group 's website . "  By embodying the values of the Scout Oath and Law , we believe we can restore the social relevancy of one of this country 's great cultural institutions : the Boy Scouts of America , " Scouts for Equality says . Tyrrell , whose 7-year-old son is no longer in scouting , told CNN 's Soledad O'Brien that she is optimistic about the resolution . "  I think that America gets it , that we are ready for this change , " Tyrrell said . "  And I think that the Boy Scouts ... . along with President Obama , they 're evolving and , hopefully , eventually they 'll get there . " A 2000 U.S. Supreme Court decision found that a New Jersey law requiring the national organization to readmit an openly gay scoutmaster infringed on the organization 's First Amendment right of expressive association . "  Forcing a group to accept certain members may impair the ability of the group to express those views , and only those views , that it intends to express , " then-Chief Justice William Rehnquist wrote at the time . He added that the decision was not meant to approve or condemn the Scouts ' membership policy . The Boy Scouts on Thursday clarified its membership policy , saying the introduction of the resolution does not indicate the group is "  reviewing a policy . " That would occur only if the executive board formally considers the issue , at the earliest next year . It said the Change.org petition is "  completely unrelated " to the resolution . "  There are no plans to change this policy , Smith said . Still , Smith said , "  Any policy of the Boy Scouts can be changed . " The Boy Scout organization , which celebrated its 100th birthday in 2010 , says its main focus continues to be mentoring 2.8 million young men and helping them develop life skills . "  We do not have an agenda on this issue , " Smith said . "  Our membership policy is not meant to be a blanket statement on a group of people or social commentary . " Application forms do not ask information about sexual orientation , the spokesman said , adding that clergy and family are better venues for discussion . "  This  scouting  is not the place to reconcile diverging viewpoints . " Smith acknowledged that members of the Scouts ' 300 councils have varying opinions . "  There has always been an open dialogue about this in scouting . " CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	Scout committee will study resolution on its membership policies Resolution asks that local units determine standards on gay leaders Boy Scouts says its ban remains in effect
CNN  Cristiano Ronaldo scored his first La Liga goal in four games to seal Real Madrid 's 2-0 win over Elche Sunday which re-opens its four point lead over Barcelona at the top . Ronaldo also played his part in the 56th opener for Karim Benzema which broke a frustrating deadlock for the league leaders at Estadio Manuel Martinez Valero . Later his firm header after a cross by Isco extinguished any hope of a home comeback , his 29th league goal of the season . Real , looking to take advantage of Barcelona 's shock home defeat to Malaga Saturday , had been frustrated by the superb goalkeeping of Przemyslaw Tyton and some wasteful finishing with both Gareth Bale and Ronaldo left to rue first half missed chances . Benzema , who was scoring his 19th goal of the season , also had an earlier spectacular scissor kick effort ruled out . At the other end , Iker Casillas was making his 500th career appearance in the Real goal , but was barely troubled . In another milestone , Carlo Ancelotti was taking charge of his 100th game for Los Blancos , who beat Schalke 2-0 in midweek in defense of the Champions League crown . After the crushing 4-0 defeat to Atletico in the Madrid derby , Ancelotti has been delighted with the reaction of his team . "  Since the loss against Atletico , conceding four goals , we 've kept three clean sheets . Team has defended well , everyone together , " he told gathered reporters . Earlier Sunday , David Moyes ' Real Sociedad came from behind to secure a 4-3 win over Sevilla which lifts his side to 10th and eight points clear of the relegation zone . Defeat leaves Sevilla trailing fourth placed Valencia by five points in the battle for Champions League qualification . Liverpool triumph Meanwhile in the English Premier League , the race for the Champions League spots is also closing up , with Liverpool 's 2-0 win at Southampton Sunday boosting its chances . A sublime early strike from Philippe Coutinho and a second half goal from Raheem Sterling sealed three points for the visitors , who move up to sixth , but only two points behind fourth-placed arch-rival Manchester United . Fifth-placed Southampton had two strong penalty appeals turned down but their fate was sealed when Matt Targett slipped as he tried to clear a cross and the ball fell invitingly for Sterling to score his 10th goal of the season . The vital win lifts Liverpool above Tottenham Hotspur , who had to score two late goals to salvage a 2-2 home draw with West Ham . Harry Kane scored an injury time penalty after being pulled down for the spot kick . His initial effort was saved by Hammers goalkeeper Adrian but he converted the follow up . Danny Rose had started the Tottenham fightback after goals from Diafra Sakho and Cheikhou Kouyate had left the visitors ahead with just nine minutes left to play at White Hart Lane . The other game saw bottom club Leicester denied a valuable win as a late own goal from Matthew Upson allowed Everton to equalize for a 2-2 draw .	Real Madrid beats Elche 2-0 in La Liga Re-opens four point gap on chasing Barcelona Liverpool wins 2-0 at Southampton in vital EPL clash Late Harry Kane goal rescues Tottenham against West Ham
CNN  -- Days after a 10-year-old girl was snatched from her bedroom in the middle of the night -- but found alive nearly 12 hours later and a few miles away -- Los Angeles police pleaded Saturday for the public 's help tracking down those responsible . Though they have said they believe two men were involved in the kidnapping , by Saturday police had only identified one by name as a "  wanted suspect " : 30-year-old Tobias Dustin Summers . In a press conference a few hours before Summers ' image and information came out , Los Angeles Police Department spokesman Andrew Smith said that police believe this was a "  stranger abduction . " At the same time , he said , investigators are not ruling anything out -- such as whether the abductors had something to do with her family or that acquaintances of hers might have been involved . "  Until we can find these individuals that perpetrated this , we wo n't know if this was a random case , or whether it was targeted against this family or this child for any particular reason , " Smith said . "  So , right now , we do n't know . " Around 1 a.m. Wednesday , the girl 's mother last saw her safe in bed in their home in the Los Angeles neighborhood of Northridge . The mother heard noises at about 3:30 a.m. and checked on her daughter again , discovering that she was missing . That set off an intensive search for the girl that ended about 2:50 p.m. Wednesday , when she was found about five miles southwest of her home . "  A Good Samaritan ... directed the girl to some police officers nearby , and she was ... transported to a local hospital , where she received treatment , " Cmdr. Andrew Smith , a Los Angeles Police Department spokesman , told reporters Saturday afternoon . By Saturday , the 10-year-old was back home with her parents , with police on site to provide security and protect the family 's privacy . Some 20 members of the police department 's robbery and homicide division are working the case , Smith said . In a first preliminary interview with investigators , the girl said she had been put in several vehicles during her 12-hour ordeal , driving to places around the San Fernando Valley . Police were able to locate at least one of those locations -- a storage facility about two miles from the girl 's home -- Smith said . The LAPD spokesman did not detail what happened to the girl in that time , urging media to do the same so as not to "  further traumatize ... that poor girl . " Smith said that authorities do n't have any reason to believe there 's any rash of child abductions in the area . Still , with the two suspects on the loose , he urged parents to take precautions , such as locking their doors and being extra vigilant . "  Until these two individuals are caught , we do n't know what they 're capable of , " Smith said .	A 10-year-old girl was taken in the middle of the night from her L.A. home , police say She was found about 12 hours later , some 5 miles from her home L.A. police release information about 1 of the 2 suspects in the case
CNN  -- The Mexican navy smelled something fishy and their intuition paid off . They found nearly a ton of cocaine hidden inside a shipment of frozen sharks . The cargo , which was aboard the freight ship Dover Strait , had been loaded in Costa Rica , Mexican navy says . Navy inspectors at the southeastern port of Progreso , in Yucatan state , on Tuesday detected an anomaly in two shipping containers during a routine X-ray , according to a navy news release . The inspectors zeroed in on a shipment of sharks . Upon slitting one of the frozen fish open , they found black bags containing rectangular packets filled with cocaine . In all , authorities recovered 870 packages of cocaine , weighing 894 kilograms  about 1,967 pounds  , the navy reported Wednesday . In recent years , Mexico and the United States have stepped up drug enforcement efforts , pushing more of the drug trade to sea routes and forcing drug smugglers to find more creative ways to hide their contraband . The cargo was aboard the freight ship Dover Strait and had been loaded in Costa Rica , the navy said .	870 packages of cocaine weighing almost a ton found inside sharks , navy says Discovery made at southeastern port of Progreso in the Yucatan state Inspectors detected anomaly in two shipping containers during a routine X-ray
CNN  -- In the cut throat world of big-time ocean racing , giant maxis are the undoubted leaders of the pack . Slicing through the water at 30 knots and more , vast distances can be covered in a few short days . But that speed comes at the price of severe discomfort for those getting the maximum out of the high tech 100 foot-plus yachts . "  This is a very aggressive world . It 's banging , really noisy and with each wave you have the feeling you could break a bone , " sailing legend Loick Peyron told CNN 's Mainsail . And 54-year-old Frenchman Peyron should know . He skippered Banque Populaire V on its record-breaking circumnavigation of the world , a 29,000 miles non-stop journey , completed in just 45 days 13 hours and 42 minutes . Set in 2012 and landing the coveted Jules Verne Trophy -- Peyron 's elder brother Bruno was a twice former holder of award -- the time slashed over two days off the former record and set an incredible average speed of 26.51 knots for the entire trip . But Peyron also had assistance from 13 other crew members during their helterskelter trip around the world , which earned them personal congratulations from then French president Nicolas Sarkozy . Taking part in solo efforts at the helm of such imposing yachts requires a different level of intestinal fortitude , fitness and raw courage altogether . Peyron knew only to well of the dangers when asked at very short notice to replace an injured compatriot , Armel Le Cleac ` h , in the most prestigious of all single-handed transatlantic races . Not only that , the last time Peyron had competed in the Route du Rhum in 2002 he had to abandon when his 69ft trimaran Fujifilm broke up in a "  big , big , big storm " in the Bay of Biscay and he was rescued from the wreckage by a ship . In fact , in six previous attempts dating back 32 years , Peyron 's best finish was fifth and he had given up hope of landing one of the only prizes to elude him in his illustrious career . And then there was his age to consider , given the physical demands . Admittedly , he 's no "  spring chicken , " so when Ronan Lucas , the boss of the Banque Populaire team , asked him the question , Peyron 's first response was an emphatic "  Non . " "  I was not dreaming any more about doing another transatlantic  race  alone on a boat able to win it , " he said . "  That was the end of my dream . " Peyron , who is a key member of the Swedish America 's Cup team Artemis , had intended to compete in the Route du Rhum on a "  little yellow trimaran " -- content to let Le Cleac ' h bid for line honors with the favored Banque Populaire VII . But all that changed when Le Cleac ' h injured his hand two months ahead of the challenge . Lucas had total faith in the record breaking Peyron to be the perfect substitute , given his vast experience , but there was another factor which left the coveted skipper with so much doubt . The prospect of the lack of sleep for several days and fear of losing control of the 103-foot trimaran . "  Falling asleep it 's really hard , " he said . "  A boat like that could capsize in a few seconds , as we all know . The average speed is something like 30 knots or whatever . "  I 'm supposed to be able to have a rest , you close your eyes , you keep the main sheet in your hand like that and you pray ! " Lucas implored him to think again about his decision , but it was Peyron 's wife Christine who urged him to put aside his fears . After a night spent at sea alone -- "  feeding the two columns , the positive and the negative one " -- his mind was made up . He would make one final attempt to win the Route du Rhum . Two months of intensive training followed , helped by Le Cleac ` h , and on November 2 the 10th edition of the famous event got underway from St. Malo in France , the fleet heading to Guadeloupe . And as the race transpired , Peyron 's fears about being able to handle the boat and conditions proved gloriously unfounded . He led from the first night and after 3,542 nautical miles , he crossed the finish line in seven days , 15 hours , eight minutes and 32 seconds , comfortably a new race record . "  I never imagined that I would win a Route du Rhum on a boat like this , " Peyron said at the finish . But he admitted that throughout the race he was constantly on edge and his fears over falling asleep and losing control nearly came back to haunt him . "  I was able to sail the boat well but was scared , " he told the official Artemis Racing website . "  You have to constantly manage the boat . One night I fell asleep at the helm and nearly capsized the boat . " It was his 49th Atlantic crossing -- 18 of them solo -- accomplished at an average speed of over 22 knots -- and given his doubts , very special . "  This is a great victory ; possibly one of the nicest and breaking the record is the cherry on top of the cake , " he added . Peyron , "  with brilliant stories to tell , " according to Artemis Racing team boss Iain Percy , will now return to his day job of helping the syndicate win the 35th America 's Cup in 2017 . The team is based in San Francisco -- preparing for the racing in Bermuda where it will compete with others in the Louis Vuitton Cup , with the winner of that series facing holders Oracle for the biggest prize in yachting . The team is chock full of former Olympic champions from all classes , plus sailors with previous experience of America 's Cups , including Peyron . He was at the helm with the Swiss challenge Alinghi in 2010 and joined up with Artemis just before the 2013 edition , which ended with defeat to the Italian Luna Rossa Challenge . With that experience behind it , Artemis will be hoping to up its game in 2017 , but the syndicate was hit by tragedy last year when former British Olympic gold medalist Andrew Simpson died while training with the team in San Francisco Bay . Simpson , 36 , drowned after their catamaran capsized , leaving him trapped underneath for over 10 minutes . He had paired with Percy to win the Star Class at the 2008 Beijing Games and silver on home waters at the London Olympics of 2012 . Simpson , nicknamed "  Bart " after the TV character , had a foundation formed in his memory and earlier this year it held its first event . Peyron was among a number of sailing greats to support Bart 's Bash , which saw over 700 sailing clubs from 68 different countries stage their own race over a standard distance to set a new Guinness World Record for mass participation . Simpson will surely stay in the thoughts of Percy and his Artemis Racing team as it eyes the ultimate prize in the sport . Peyron had been totally focused on the America 's Cup bid before being handed an unexpected opportunity to resume his solo career and he proved he is not a man to let a challenge pass , however daunting . "  When you know that it 's part of your life to do this sort of challenge , this crazy challenge , it 's normal , " he said .	Yachting legend Loick Peyron wins Route du Rhum Sets race record on trimaran Banque Populaire VII The 54-year-old was a late replacement for injured Armel Le Cleac ' h Peyron is helmsman and on Swedish America 's Cup bid Artemis
Although NASCAR driver Tony Stewart is not currently facing criminal charges in the death of another driver , he is not officially in the clear . "  This is an ongoing investigation , and all options remain available , " Sheriff Philip C. Povero of Ontario County , New York , said Monday . "  We 're continuing to gather and analyze every piece of evidence we can . " Stewart hit and killed another driver who was walking on a track during a dirt-track race in upstate New York on Saturday night , authorities said . Kevin Ward Jr. , 20 , died from injuries suffered in the incident at the Empire Super Sprints series event at the Canandaigua Motorsports Park . The track is about a two-hour drive from Watkins Glen International race track , where Stewart had been scheduled to race in a NASCAR event Sunday . "  There are n't words to describe the sadness I feel about the accident that took the life of Kevin Ward Jr. , " Stewart said Sunday , according to a written statement tweeted by NASCAR . "  It 's a very emotional time for all involved . ... My thoughts and prayers are with his family , friends and everyone affected by this tragedy . " Stewart decided not to take part in Sunday 's event . "  Our hearts go out to Kevin 's family , " said Stewart 's team director , Greg Zipadelli . "  This is a very tough , very emotional time for everybody -- his family , our family at Stewart-Haas Racing . " Opinion : Why Tony Stewart is n't likely to face charges in racetrack death On Saturday night , Ward 's sprint car hit the outside wall during lap 14 of a 25-lap race , Povero said . A video of the incident shows two cars coming out of a turn with Stewart 's No. 14 car sliding up the track toward Ward 's No. 13 car . The two cars get close and appear to make contact before Ward 's car hits the wall and spins out . Another car narrowly avoids hitting the 13 car as its sits on the track facing the wrong direction . Ward gets out of his crashed car , walking on the track toward the racecars , which had slowed for a yellow flag . Ward points a finger and appears to be yelling . One car swerves to avoid Ward on the half-mile dirt track . Stewart 's car passes close to Ward , and it appears that its right rear tire hits him . An ambulance took Ward to a hospital , but he died before it arrived , Povero said . "  Stewart has fully cooperated " with an investigation , Povero said . "  He acknowledges the collision with the driver . " It appeared to be an on-track incident , Povero said . Ward , from Port Leyden , New York , was in his fifth season in the Empire Super Sprints series . He began racing when he was 4 , running go-kart events . Stewart 's spokesman said officials are trying to sort out the details . "  A tragic accident took place last night during a sprint car race in which Tony Stewart was participating , " Mike Arning said . "  Tony was unhurt , but a fellow competitor lost his life . Our thoughts and prayers go out to his family and friends . " A competitor that runs the car that swerved around Ward expressed sympathy . "  Our deepest condolences go to the entire Ward Family . We are one huge ESS family , you will be truly missed bud ! #RIP13 , " Hebing Racing tweeted . Stewart is a three-time champion in NASCAR 's top division and won a sprint car championship in 1995 . "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family , friends , and fellow competitors of Kevin Ward Jr. , " NASCAR said in a written statement Sunday . "  We support Tony Stewart 's decision to miss today 's race , and we will continue to respect the process and timeline of the local authorities and will continue to monitor this situation moving forward . " Stewart also owns a dirt race track in New Weston , Ohio , and has frequently raced sprint cars during the NASCAR season . He broke a leg last year in a crash that ended his racing season . He has raced the full NASCAR season this year but only returned to sprint cars in July . In 2013 : Injuries as debris flies into Daytona stands during fiery NASCAR crash Jason Leffler , accomplished race car driver , dies in dirt-track accident	"  All options remain available , " sheriff says Video shows Stewart 's car hitting Kevin Ward Jr. as he walked on track near vehicle Tony Stewart says he ca n't describe how sad he is after the accident
CNN  -- English racing was deprived of its first Triple Crown winner in more than 40 years after Encke , ridden by Mickael Barzalona , got up to beat favorite Camelot by three quarters of a length in the St Leger Stakes at Doncaster Racecourse Saturday . Camelot had been aiming to emulate Nijinsky by winning the 2,000 Guineas , the Epsom Derby and the St Leger in the same season . But he was out-gunned by Encke , whose victory gives his owner , Sheikh Mohammed , a sixth victory in this race and puts him second on the all-time list . French jockey Barzalona , riding in his first St Leger , described his victory aboard Encke as "  very easy , " saying he was very happy with the result . In a highly tactical race , pacemaker Dartford dictated the early pace , with Camelot content to settle towards the back of the field . The legend that is Camelot But when the field turned into the home straight Camelot 's jockey , Joseph O'Brien , was unable to get his colt into space and Encke was able to open up daylight between himself and the chasing pack . When Camelot was eventually maneuvered into position he ran on well to close the gap on the Godolphin horse but could only get to within three quarters of a length . Encke 's victory means that not only does England 's 42-year wait for a Triple Crown winner continue , but also that Aiden O'Brien does not become the first trainer in history to make a clean sweep of the English Classics in one season ; his Ballydoyle operation had already won the 2,000 Guineas and the Derby with Camelot as well as their fillies ' equivalents , the 1,000 Guineas and the Oaks . Camelot 's immediate future remains uncertain with a tilt at next month 's Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe now arguably more , rather than less likely following his defeat at Doncaster .	Camelot fails in bid to win prestigious Triple Crown in St Leger Stakes at Doncaster racecourse , England Winner of this season 's 2,000 Guineas and Epsom Derby beaten into second by Encke , ridden by Mickael Barzalona
Mental Floss  -- Most people are familiar with the stories of Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg , who achieved great success as the founders of Microsoft and Facebook , respectively , after dropping out of Harvard . Here are eight other former Harvard students who made out just fine without earning their degrees . 1 . Robert Frost Frost , a San Francisco native who had previously dropped out of Dartmouth after only two months , was accepted for admission at Harvard in the fall of 1897 and studied liberal arts in Cambridge . Two years later , Frost , who had married and become a father just prior to enrolling at Harvard , left school to support his growing family . "  They could not make a student of me here , but they gave it their best , " Frost later said . Frost won four Pulitzer Prizes for poetry in his lifetime and received an honorary degree from Harvard in 1937 . 2 . Matt Damon The future Hollywood star entered Harvard in 1988 and took time off during the second semester of his sophomore year to act in "  Rising Son , " a made-for-TV movie . Damon stepped out during his junior and senior years as well , and never accrued enough credits to graduate . "  What was happening is that I would keep coming back , and I would almost get done with the semester and then I would be yanked out , " Damon recalled in an interview with the Harvard Crimson . It 's fitting , then , that Damon 's big break was "  Good Will Hunting , " the 1997 film he co-wrote and starred in with his friend Ben Affleck . In one scene , Damon 's character tells a Harvard student , "  You drop $ 150,000 on an education that you could have gotten for $ 1.50 on late charges at the public library . " Damon appeared on "  Ellen " earlier this month and said he does n't have any plans to go back and finish his degree . "  I feel like I got everything I needed to get from that experience , " he said . 3 . Edwin H. Land After graduating with honors from the Norwich Academy in Connecticut , Land enrolled at Harvard in 1926 . The son of a scrap metal yard owner , Land studied chemistry as a freshman and launched experiments on ways to polarize light . Land dropped out of Harvard to focus full-time on his research , which he conducted at the New York Public Library , before returning to Cambridge to establish the Land-Wheelwright Laboratories with his former Harvard physics instructor in 1932 . In 1937 , Land co-founded the Polaroid Corporation , which would introduce the first instant camera in 1947 . Land said the idea was inspired by his then-3-year-old daughter , who asked why she could n't immediately see a photograph he took of her on a family vacation . Polaroid made another breakthrough in 1963 with the introduction of instant color photography . By the time of his death in 1991 , Land , who was awarded an honorary doctorate degree in 1957 and had a street in Cambridge named after him , owned more than 500 patents , second only to Thomas Edison . Among his other inventions were instant X-rays , Polaroid sunglasses , and glare-reducing goggles for dogs . Mental Floss : He Took a Polaroid Every Day , Until the Day He Died 4 . William Randolph Hearst Hearst , the son of millionaire mining engineer George Hearst , enrolled at Harvard in 1885 and acted as the first business manager of the Harvard Lampoon , the school 's humor publication . It did n't take long for Hearst , who kept a pet alligator named Champagne Charlie in his room , to establish a reputation as a trouble-maker . According to legend , the future newspaper magnate once bought a jackass and snuck the animal into a professor 's room , leaving a card around its neck with the note , "  Now there are two of you . " Hearst survived that stunt , but was later expelled for sending his professors chamber pots with their names inscribed on the bottom . After leaving Harvard , Hearst launched his successful career by taking control of one of his father 's newspapers , the San Francisco Examiner . 5 . James B. Connolly Connolly , who was admitted to Harvard in 1895 despite never graduating high school , left Cambridge to participate in the first Olympic Games one year later . Connolly reportedly requested a leave of absence from the Harvard dean , but it was denied as a result of his low academic standing . Harvard informed Connolly that he would have to reapply for admission upon his return from Athens , but he left anyway , and became the first modern Olympic champion with a win in the triple jump . Connolly never returned to Harvard to finish his degree , but he was awarded an honorary Harvard sweater in 1948 . Mental Floss : The Post-Olympic Careers of 16 Medal Winners 6 . Pete Seeger As Seeger explains it , the folk singer and activist had his financial aid rescinded after his sophomore year because he got too interested in left-wing politics and let his grades slip . Seeger , who would 've graduated in 1940 , achieved fame after dropping out of Harvard as a member of The Weavers , whose rendition of Leadbelly 's "  Goodnight , Irene " topped the charts for 13 weeks in 1950 . Seeger does n't seem to harbor any ill will toward the school . As the Harvard Crimson reported , he wrote the following in his alumni yearbook : "  I remember thinking when 1940 came along that I was glad I had spent the two years there , that I had learned certain invaluable things , but also that I had learned in two years that I had been away from certain things that Harvard would n't have been able to teach . " 7 . R. Buckminster Fuller The inventor , philosopher , and futurist was the fifth generation of his family to enroll at Harvard and the first not to graduate . Fuller was n't accepted into any of Harvard 's social clubs , so he sought companionship elsewhere and regularly skipped classes to attend Broadway shows . During one such trip to New York City , Fuller treated actress Marilyn Miller and her entire chorus to dinner , blowing all of his tuition money for that year in the process . Harvard dismissed Fuller , who went to work as a factory worker in Quebec before his mother convinced him to reapply . Fuller was readmitted and earned several academic honors , but eventually became bored and left Harvard for good . After a stint in the U.S. Navy , Fuller embarked on the first of many commercial failures , including the prefabricated Dymaxion House , before achieving fortune and fame in 1947 with the invention of the geodesic dome . Fuller returned to Harvard in 1961 to accept the Charles Eliot Norton Professorship of Poetry . 8 . Bonnie Raitt Raitt enrolled at Radcliffe College , Harvard 's then-coordinate college , in 1967 . The daughter of a Broadway musical performer , Raitt planned to major in African studies and travel to Tanzania to help "  undo the damage that Western colonialism had done . " Those dreams were sidetracked when Raitt , a skilled guitar player , met blues promoter Dick Waterman in Cambridge . Waterman introduced Raitt to established performers such as Son House and Fred McDowell . Though Raitt had every intention of graduating , she took a semester off during her sophomore year to explore the possibility of a musical career with Waterman and became a star . Raitt signed a recording deal with Warner Bros. in 1970 and released her debut album in 1971 . Raitt won four Grammy awards in 1990 and received Harvard 's third Arts Medal in 1997 . She was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2000 . Mental Floss : 15 Celebrities Who Started as Teachers 9 . Elisabeth Shue At least one famous Harvard dropout eventually decided to return to school . Shue , who transferred to Harvard from Wellesley College , dropped out of school one semester short of receiving her political science degree in 1985 to pursue an acting career . Fifteen years later , she returned to Cambridge to complete her degree . "  My brain was starting to dry up , " Shue told Movieline magazine . "  In Hollywood , you 're fortunate if you get a role where your brain is engaged , but those experiences are rare . I felt like I needed to do something with my life . I wanted to feel more connected to the world . " At the time , Shue said she would eventually like to teach and make documentaries . Best known for her Oscar-nominated role in "  Leaving Las Vegas , " one of Shue 's most recent roles was as Sheriff Julie Forester in "  Piranha 3D . " For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Matt Damon says he was in and out of Harvard at the beginning of his film career Poet Robert Frost and William Randolph Hearst dropped out of Harvard Pete Seeger cites an interest in left-wing politics for letting his grades slip at Harvard Elizabeth Shue dropped out , but returned to complete her degree
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- More than 100 Sri Lankan soldiers were killed and another 400 wounded Wednesday when troops attempted to advance toward a stronghold of the Tamil Tigers rebel organization , highly placed army sources told CNN . Sri Lankan soldiers patrol the frontline on the Jaffna peninsula , the scene of fierce fighting . The incident happened before dawn , when troops manning a defense line in the northern Sri Lanka village of Muhamalai attempted to advance toward the rebel stronghold of Kilinochchi in the northern Wanni region , the sources said . The village is on a thin isthmus linking mainland Sri Lanka to the Jaffna peninsula . A defense line bordered by the Kilaly Lagoon on the west and the Indian Ocean on the east divides the rebel-controlled area from those held by the government 's security forces . Troops made an attempt to open a third front in the Wanni region by advancing south , Army officials said . Their ultimate aim was to reach Kilinochchi -- the power center of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil , better known as the Tamil Tigers . "  The rebels feigned they had withdrawn from their first line of defenses in well-dug-out trenches , " one official said . "  After the troops backed by battle tanks reached the area , the rebels sprung a fierce attack . " The incident deals a setback to military efforts to weaken the Tamil Tigers . Government leaders and military commanders vowed early this year to "  eliminate " the rebels by the end of the year , but later extended the deadline into 2009 . Until Wednesday , the heavy fighting had remained focused in the western coastal town of Mannar and the northeastern coastal area of Weli Oya . Local and foreign media are barred from visiting battlegrounds , except on conducted tours , and casualty counts from the military and the rebels are often exaggerated . Initial information on the Wednesday incident came from the Media Centre for National Security , the only government agency disseminating information on the separatist war . In its latest update , it says 43 soldiers and more than 100 rebels have been killed , while 120 soldiers are injured and 33 are missing . Independent verification of claims made by the center is often difficult . The army sources also told CNN that at least 30 soldiers were reported missing in action . Rebel sources reported some soldiers remained lying on the battleground , but did not divulge a number . Some of the injured were flown to Colombo hospitals . Officials appealed to the public on radio and television to donate blood . E-mail to a friend	Tamil rebels and government troops wage fierce battle along frontline NEW : Senior army sources say 100 soldiers killed ; 400 injured NEW : Tamil Tiger rebels feigned retreat then attacked , sources told CNN Government leaders have vowed to "  eliminate " rebels by 2009
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has decided that the family of a slain professional wrestling personality can continue its lawsuit against Hustler magazine , a case that tested privacy concerns and the competing right to publish "  newsworthy " material . The justices without comment Monday turned aside an appeal from the publishers of the men 's magazine , which featured old nude photos of Nancy Benoit , who was killed nearly three years ago by her husband and fellow wrestling superstar Chris Benoit . The couple 's young son also was slain in the family 's Georgia home . The order is a victory for the estate of Nancy Benoit , which is seeking damages from Hustler . At issue was whether the constitutional right of privacy indirectly referenced in the 14th Amendment trumps the First Amendment protections of the media and publishers in this "  right-of-publicity " dispute . The original lawsuit was brought by Maureen Toffoloni , whose daughter , Nancy Benoit , had posed nude for a photographer more than two decades ago . Toffoloni claims that her daughter , who was also known by the wrestling moniker Woman , had asked immediately after the shoot to have the photos and video destroyed and believed that photographer Mark Samansky had done so . He later sold stills from the video to Hustler , a men 's magazine founded by Larry Flynt that publishes racy material . The photos were published in the March 2008 issue . The murders had occurred the previous summer . At the center of the crimes was Chris Benoit , a Canadian-born athlete who worked for several professional wrestling circuits , including the popular World Wrestling Entertainment . In 2000 , he married Nancy Sullivan , a Florida native who had become a well-known wrestling manager after her time in the ring . Their son , Daniel , was born earlier that year . Police say the crimes occurred over a three-day period in June 2007 at the Atlanta-area home of the Benoits . Investigators concluded that Chris Benoit first bound his 43-year-old wife and strangled her . The 7-year-old boy was then drugged and strangled . The man then committed suicide by hanging himself with a weight machine . No formal motive was ever established . CNN reported at the time that doctors found testosterone , painkillers and anti-anxiety drugs in the body of 40-year-old Chris Benoit , according to Georgia 's chief medical examiner . Performance-enhancing anabolic steroids were later found in the home . Weeks after the killings , a study of Chris Benoit 's brain showed damage from "  prior repetitive injury . " His father , Michael Benoit , said on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " that a series of concussions from his high-flying moves in the ring were in part to blame . Georgia has a law similar to many states ' recognizing the right to privacy against "  the appropriation of another 's name and likeness ... without consent and for the financial gain of the appropriator . " That would include "  a private citizen , entertainer , or a public figure who is not a public official " like a legislator . The state 's high court ruled against Hustler magazine in June , finding that a "  brief biography " of Nancy Benoit and her murder accompanying the nude photos did not represent a "  newsworthy article . " "  The photographs published by -LSB- Flynt -RSB- neither relate to the incident of public concern conceptually -LSB- the murders -RSB- nor correspond with the time period during which Benoit was rendered , against her will , the subject of public scrutiny , " the state court wrote . "  Were we to hold otherwise , -LSB- Flynt -RSB- would be free to publish any nude photograph of almost anyone without their permission , simply because the fact they were caught nude on camera strikes someone as ` newsworthy . ' Surely that debases the very concept of a right to privacy . " The state justices said "  crude though the concept may seem , " Nancy Benoit 's mother is now entitled to control such images "  in order to maximize the economic benefit to be derived from her daughter 's posthumous fame . " Such power is known legally as the "  right of publicity . " Flynt and the photographer , Samansky , later filed the appeal with the U.S. Supreme Court and had the support of several media organizations . In a brief filed in support of Hustler , the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press said the Georgia ruling "  makes no sense , as it goes well beyond the photographs that appear in magazines such as petitioner 's to affect all news-gathering . " The group noted that other courts have long recognized a broadly read "  newsworthiness " standard for commercial media like CNN and that such specific "  dissection " of content-based stories and pictorials by judges would cripple editorial decision-making by all news outlets . The case is LFP Publishing Group  dba Hustler Magazine  v. Maureen Toffoloni , as administrator and personal representative of the estate of Nancy E. Benoit  09-625  .	Supreme Court turns aside appeal over Nancy Benoit nude photos Hustler published pictures months after Benoit 's husband killed her , son , himself Nancy Benoit 's mother sued , saying daughter thought materials destroyed Case centers on rights of media , privacy
CNN  Just as meteorologists feared , Tropical Cyclone Pam pummeled the South Pacific island nation of Vanuatu . It is the strongest storm to make landfall , since the devastating Super Typhoon Haiyan hit the Philippines in 2013 . The government declared a state of emergency , as the death toll continues to rise . Thousands are in critical need of shelter , food and water -- including many children . Aid workers on the ground are reporting massive destruction . Vanuatu President Baldwin Lonsdale told CNN that the cyclone 's destruction was the worst his country had ever experienced . He described the storm as a "  monster . " Officials are reporting that 90 % of the homes in the Vanuatu capital are damaged or destroyed . With communication still down between many of the islands , the full extent of this storm 's devastation is still unknown . Full toll of Cyclone Pam on Vanuatu unclear If you would like to contribute to the efforts of those in place to help the victims of this storm , please check out the groups listed below . Though it may take days to realize Tropical Cyclone Pam 's full toll on Vanuatu , these organizations are poised to help . ADRAAmeriCaresAustralian Red CrossCARE InternationalInternational Medical CorpsInternational Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent SocietiesMedical SantoOxfam AustraliaSamaritan 's PurseSave the Children AustraliaSave the Children USAUNICEF New Zealand UNICEF Australia UNICEF InternationalWorld Food ProgrammeWorld Vision	Tropical Cyclone Pam struck the island nation of Vanuatu Aid workers on the ground are reporting massive destruction
CNN  -- George Zimmerman was the star witness Thursday in his trial for the death of Trayvon Martin -- for the prosecution , not in his defense . Assistant State Attorney Bernie de la Rionda tried to use the defendant 's words against him , hoping to convince a jury that now has one more option than it once had : It can convict Zimmerman of manslaughter , or the original second-degree murder charge , after a decision earlier Thursday by Judge Debra Nelson . The third option is acquittal . No one else saw the February 26 , 2012 , altercation between Zimmerman and Martin . After that , the 17-year-old could n't give his side . But Zimmerman has . And , de La Rionda argued Thursday , Zimmerman account that he was attacked and fired his gun because he feared for his life does n't hold up . "  He brought a gun to a struggle , to a fight that he started ... wanting to make sure the victim did n't get away , " the prosecutor said . "  And now he wants you to let him off because he killed the only eyewitness , the victim Trayvon Martin , who was being followed by this man . " The now 29-year-old Zimmerman declined to testify Wednesday , when his defense team rested its case , but his words were front-and-center Thursday . De la Rionda played in court excerpts of interviews Zimmerman had given to police and in the media , then picked them apart . He said that they showed that the defendant ca n't be trusted , suggesting that his account from that evening in Sanford , Florida , does n't mesh with reality . "  Zimmerman  always has an excuse , or they catch him in a lie , " de la Rionda said . How , the prosecutor said , does a neighborhood watch volunteer not know the names of that neighborhood 's three streets , getting out of his car to find an address ? Why would a scared man get out of his car and walk around , after being told by a 911 dispatcher not to follow a man he thought was suspicious ? Did Zimmerman walk toward Martin , or did Martin come after him -- as he seemingly said both ? Should he have had more than a bloody nose and scratches on his head after being pummeled ? On Friday , it will be the defense 's turn , with lead attorney Mark O'Mara spending up to three hours giving a closing argument . After that , the prosecution will have as long as one hour to give a rebuttal argument . And then , likely sometime Friday , Zimmerman 's fate will be in the hands of the six jurors , all of them women . Police urge calm as verdict nears In his final words Thursday , de la Rionda reminded them that , while Zimmerman still has hope , there 's no more special moments for , there can be no more photos of Martin . "  And that 's true because of the actions of one person , " he said . "  The man before me . The man who is guilty of second-degree murder . " Judge : Jury can consider manslaughter charge What happened to Martin -- and whether Zimmerman was justified in shooting him -- has been debated intently for a year and a half . Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , talked with police but was n't arrested immediately after he admitted to the shooting . But in short time , community members and activists rallied against him -- claiming that Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , had racially profiled the African-American teenager , tailed him over the objection of police dispatchers , then wrongly shot him down . The defense , in frequent media appearances by its lawyers and some by Zimmerman and his immediately family members , said that it was wrong to characterize Zimmerman as a racist . He acted to protect his own life , after being repeatedly punched and having his head slammed into the ground , they said . Justice Dept. ` peacekeepers ' worked ` Trayvon ' rallies , group claims On June 24 , the trial kicked off with opening statements . The prosecution called 38 witnesses in nine days , while the defense took parts of four days to call its witnesses . Some of the testimony appeared contradictory . Take , for instance , the panicked voice yelling for help as heard on the background of a 911 call from that night in Sanford , Florida . Zimmerman 's parents , Robert and Gladys , both testified that they knew the person screaming was their son . Contrast that to Martin 's brother and mother , Sybrina Fulton , with the latter saying was "  absolutely " certain the voice belonged to her child . For all the back-and-forth during the trial , the early part of Thursday 's court proceedings was dominated by debate over what exactly the jury will be deciding . Prosecutors asked that the six women be able to consider manslaughter and third-degree felony murder , in addition to the original second-degree murder charge , in their deliberations . Defense attorney Don West reacted angrily to the third-degree felony murder charge , citing an element in it related to child abuse . "  Oh my God , " he told Judge Debra Nelson , calling the charge a "  trick . " "  Just when I thought this case could n't get any more bizarre , the state is seeking third-degree murder based on child abuse . " West also argued against the manslaughter charge , telling Nelson that Zimmerman believes that because the "  state has charged him with second-degree murder , they should be required to prove it , if they can . " In the end , the judge split the difference : The jury can consider manslaughter , but not third-degree felony murder . Having both options is "  enormous , " said CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin , especially given that Zimmerman could serve decades in prison on a manslaughter conviction . "  The jury can think to itself , well , ... we 're compromising , " Toobin said . "  If the jury convicts on manslaughter , that would be a win for the prosecution . " Ex-Sanford police chief : Zimmerman probe ` taken away from us ' Prosecutor : ` Innocent 17-year-old kid was profiled as a criminal ' The debate over the charges set the stage for de la Rionda to give his closing argument . Referencing a widely heard call to police that Zimmerman made to police that night , the prosecutor contended that the defendant was bent on going after Martin -- even if the 911 dispatcher told him otherwise , and even though he never asked the unarmed teen directly what he was doing -- after he spotted him walking through his neighborhood . "  This innocent 17-year-old kid was profiled as a criminal . He was one of those a ** holes who get away , " de la Rionda told jurors . "  He was one of those f *** ing punks . " The profane language , de la Rionda argued , offers insight into Zimmerman 's mind that winter night -- depicting someone who bore particular malice toward a person he had decided without justification was among the criminals who had plagued his neighborhood in the months leading up to the shooting . That 's important , because to find Zimmerman guilty of second-degree murder , jurors will have to find that he acted with "  ill will , hatred , spite , or an evil intent " in shooting Martin , according to Florida law . Opinion : What about Martin 's right to ` stand his ground ? ' De la Rionda characterized Zimmerman as a wannabe police officer who wrongly took the law into his own hands and pressed the fatal encounter with Martin . The teenager was "  just doing a normal everyday thing " -- going to a convenience store to get Skittles and a drink , then walking back to his father 's fiancee 's home before he ended up dead shortly after 7 p.m. , the prosecutor said . "  A teenager is dead through no fault of his own , dead because a man made assumptions and acted on them , " said de la Rionda . "  Unfortunately , because his assumptions are wrong , Trayvon Benjamin Martin no longer walks on the earth . " "  He profiled him as a criminal . He assumed certain things , that Trayvon Martin was up to no good . And that 's what led to his death , " de la Rionda said before going on to attack many defense arguments about what happened that rainy night : De la Rionda : -- Argued that Zimmerman , who had taken criminal justice classes , fed police a story of escalating violence and exaggerated fear to meet the standards of Florida 's "  Stand Your Ground " self-defense law . -- Questioned Zimmerman 's account of Martin straddling him , pounding his head into the pavement and , at one point , covering his mouth and nose with his hands . Why is none of the blood seen on Zimmerman 's face found on Martin 's hands , he asked . And , if the attack was so violent , why was Zimmerman 's jacket in such good shape afterward ? -- Asked how was Zimmerman able to scream for help , as he has said he was , if his mouth was filling with blood and he was being smothered by Martin . -- Said the lack of Martin 's DNA on Zimmerman 's pistol refutes defense arguments that Martin had grabbed the gun during the struggle . Thursday 's closing argument also marked the return of the foam , life-sized dummy that famously appeared a day earlier , when O'Mara grappled with it inside the courtroom to show rapt jurors the competing versions of what happened the rainy night Martin was killed . This time it was de la Rionda 's turn . Characterizing Zimmerman 's account of how Martin had straddled him -- while allegedly punching him , slamming his head and covering his neck and mouth -- the prosecutor questioned how the late teenager could have seen , much less reach for , the gun that Zimmerman said he 'd had in a holster inside his waistband . "  The truth does not lie , " de la Rionda said . " ... So how does he manage to get it out and get a perfect shot to the heart of a 17-year-old man ? " In trial , it 's a jury of millions HLN 's Grace Wong , Graham Winch , Amanda Sloane , Jonathan Anker and Anna Lanfreschi and CNN 's John Couwels and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : Analyst : The fact the jury can consider manslaughter in addition to murder is "  enormous " NEW : Prosecutor : Zimmerman "  always has an excuse , or they catch him in a lie " De la Rionda plays and challenges parts of Zimmerman 's interviews with police , media Profane words show hatred for man Zimmerman thought was a criminal , prosecutor says
CNN  -- Now , 45 years later , I still see it . I still feel it . Among the most exhilarating moments of my life was when I touched the fingertips of Robert Francis Kennedy . That 's ultimately where I 'm going . Until then , let 's discuss the months , weeks and days before everything stood still for a 12-year-old that bright Thursday afternoon on a mostly empty street in northern Indiana . This journey of fate began in a classroom of politically astute sixth-graders at Benjamin Harrison Elementary School in South Bend , Indiana . It was the spring of 1968 , when turmoil was everywhere , and it was just the start of horrors to come for what would rank among the most violent years in American history . Just like that , courtesy of the Tet Offensive in late January and early February , the Vietnam war went from winding down to raging out of control . There were nerve gas leaks in Utah . There was the Orangeburg Massacre in South Carolina , where state police killed three college students protesting a segregated bowling alley . Then there was our discussion in a back corner of that classroom involving a small gathering of sixth-graders on who deserved the Democratic nomination that year for the presidency of the United States . It was a discussion that had nothing to do with the scheduled agenda of our teacher , Mr. Petrass , and it was a discussion that came out of nowhere . What about Lyndon Baines Johnson who could n't solve Vietnam , but who had done more with Civil Rights than any president since Abraham Lincoln ? Three years earlier , in Mrs. Plummer 's third-grade class , she ushered us to the window to see LBJ 's helicopter fly by in the distance en route to landing in town to kickoff his "  Great Society " program . For those who despised war , Minnesota Sen. Eugene McCarthy made sense . He even caused Johnson supporters to squirm in early March by finishing a tight second to the sitting president in the New Hampshire primary . One more name ... RFK . He actually spurred the conversation . He was charismatic , and he was highly sympathetic to the black community of which I was a part . Not only that , he was a Kennedy , which was as magical a name then as it is now . On March 16 , a few days before our discussion , he did what many thought he would do earlier : He declared he was running for the Oval Office that once belonged to John Fitzgerald Kennedy , his brother who was assassinated five years earlier . During JFK 's administration , Robert was the ruthless attorney general who doubled as the confidant of the president . In 1968 , his edges became softer , partly because of his ongoing grief , but mostly because of his sense of mission . He was a 42-year-old senator from New York who was obsessed with helping the poor , and he was an outspoken champion of racial and social justice . Robert Kennedy also was anti-war . The same as McCarthy . The difference was that McCarthy was n't a Kennedy . Neither was Johnson nor Hubert Humphrey , LBJ 's vice president , who later ran for president after Johnson shocked the universe by abruptly dropping from the race at the end of March . Our consensus was RFK . Consider , too , our discussion involved white and black kids . In fact , most South Bend schools were racially mixed , and such was the case even when my parents moved through the school system during the 1940s and 1950s . South Bend also was the definitive blue-collar town back then as the headquarters for Studebaker cars , Singer Sewing Machine and the Bendix Corporation . Plus , you had the free thinkers at the University of Notre Dame within the city limits . Notre Dame is the world 's most famous Catholic university , and the Kennedys are Catholic . Despite their overwhelming wealth , RFK became the face of the Kennedys ' desire to help the less fortunate while promoting racial harmony . Translated : South Bend was made to hug Kennedys . With that in mind , several days after our discussion in Mr. Petrass ' class , a wonderfully crazy thing happened . The principal announced over the intercom that school was finishing early that afternoon to give everybody a chance to stand on the curb in front of the building to see a passing motorcade -- RFK 's motorcade . He had landed in town to begin his campaign for the Indiana primary , which would be his first primary since announcing his candidacy . My birthday is in October , but it came early back then , along with Christmas , Thanksgiving Day and the Fourth of July . Robert Kennedy ? We were just talking about the guy . There were no cell phones during the spring of 1968 . No Internet . No opportunity to contact the parents , other relatives or friends to inform them about our pending dance with history -- and , yes , even then , we knew this would be something huge for the ages . So my crew of sixth-graders joined hundreds of others on the edge of Western Avenue waiting . We waited some more . We kept waiting . As 20 minutes became a half-hour , the crowd dwindled to half . By the time the wait reached an hour , it was clear RFK was MIA . My brother , Dennis , and I were in the same grade . We thought of waiting some more , but we decided to begin our usual half-mile walk home . We moved down Western Avenue , looking over our shoulders along the way -- hoping , praying . Nothing . The motorcade must have gone a different way to the South Bend airport en route to wherever , or maybe RFK just left earlier than expected . Or maybe ... nah . We kept walking . Once we got home , we were supposed to start our daily routine . Off with the school clothes , then on to homework and house chores . Then we could enjoy the great outdoors . School day after school day , we did that routine without fail , but this time , Dennis talked me into altering things to take a quick spin around the block on our brand-new bikes . Good thing . Soon , we heard sirens . We glanced at each other with wide eyes , and without a word , we pedaled faster than a sunbeam toward Western Avenue , which was a block or so in front of us . We jumped off our bikes with the banana seats and stingray handle bars , and after a group of South Bend motorcycle cops passed by , a convertible headed our way with flashing lights . We knew . We just knew . So we stood there , waiting , hoping , just the two of us , with nobody else in sight on the street . The convertible got closer , and the man sitting on its right side stood up with his light-colored hair waving in the wind as he gave a signal to the driver to slow down . With the car shifting into a lower gear , the man leaned over as much as he could without tumbling out of his car . It was RFK , alright , and as his convertible kept traveling toward its destination in slightly less than a hurry for that moment , he touched my brother 's fingertips and then mine . We watched the motorcade fade into the distance . Then , after Dennis and I looked at each other with even wider eyes , we unleashed the biggest "  WOW ! " of joy ever known . That was in contrast to the sorrow we felt two months later after our mother shook us out of our beds in the middle of the night/morning of June 5 . We rushed to the television in our parents ' room to see a heavy dose of live grief across the television screen . The man with that light-colored hair waving in the wind was gunned down in the kitchen of The Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles , and this was after he moved closer that evening to the Democratic nomination by winning the California primary . It was as if a family member had died . We touched fingertips . As the years became decades , I kept thinking : When did that happen ? Then came last autumn , when I satisfied my curiosity . I was back in South Bend for a Notre Dame football game , so I dedicated an afternoon to searching old South Bend Tribune newspaper editions at the public library . Within the hour , I found a brilliantly written story of RFK 's 1968 trip to northern Indiana in the Tribune 's evening edition , and it mentioned how Kennedy was leaving South Bend for Indianapolis . I got chills . I touched RFK 's fingertips a few hours before he gave one of the most passionate speeches ever . He spoke without notes . He urged a potentially angry crowd to stay calm . He preached the need for everybody in Indianapolis to practice nonviolence , especially since he had experienced the suffering that comes from the gruesome death of a brother . It was April 4 , 1968 ... The day Martin Luther King Jr. was killed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Terence Moore .	Terence Moore was 12 when Robert F. Kennedy reached out and touched his fingertips Hours later on that day , Kennedy gave a passionate speech advocating nonviolence Moore made a sad yet fascinating discovery upon looking up that speech 's date Moore on RFK 's assasination : "  It was as if a family member had died "
CNN  Things have been messy between singer Chris Brown and his now ex-girlfriend Karrueche Tran , and it looks to be about to get messier . Oprah Winfrey 's network , OWN , posted a teaser Tuesday for Tran 's interview with Iyanla Vanzant . The inspirational speaker and host of "  Iyanla : Fix My Life " fires off at Tran : "  He betrayed you . He lied to you . He did it all publicly , " before asking , "  How did you find out that he had a baby by another woman ? " Brown has been the subject of rumors that he fathered a daughter with another woman while in a relationship with Tran . He has neither confirmed nor denied the stories , but the story heated up when Tran tweeted on March 4 , "  Listen . One can only take so much . The best of luck to Chris and his family . No baby drama for me . " The tweet was later deleted . Brown and Tran have had an on-again , off-again relationship for years . In 2012 , Brown posted a video on Twitter questioning whether it was possible to be in love with two people . At the time , the singer had broken up with Tran after once again growing close to singer Rihanna , whom he assaulted while they were dating in 2009 . "  I love Karrueche very much but I do n't want to see her hurt over my friendship with Rihanna , " Brown said in the video . "  I 'd rather be single allowing us to both be happy in our lives . " Brown and Rihanna eventually reunited but then broke up again , and he and Tran , who bills herself as a model and entrepreneur , resumed seeing each other . On Wednesday , Brown commented from his Instagram account on a racy photo Tran posted of herself in a swimsuit while on vacation . The singer advised her to "  Continue to be a lady beautiful . " Vanzant 's interview with Tran airs at 8 p.m. ET March 28 .	Tran and Brown have had an on-again , off again relationship They broke it off recently amid reports that he fathered child with another woman He once publicly proclaimed being in love with both her and Rihanna
ATHENS , Georgia  CNN  -- A University of Georgia professor apparently shot and killed his wife and two other people at a community theater group 's reunion Saturday , then dropped the couple 's two children off at a neighbor 's and fled . An alert on the UGA Web site says professor George Zinkhan is a suspect in an off-campus shooting . Athens-Clarke County police said they have local , regional and national alerts out for George Zinkhan , 57 , an endowed marketing professor at the school 's Terry College of Business . "  It appeared he and his wife were having problems , " police Capt. Clarence Holeman said . Holeman identified the dead as Marie Bruce , 47 , Zinkhan 's wife and a prominent Athens attorney ; Tom Tanner , 40 ; and Ben Teague , 63 . Friends identified Bruce as the president of the board of the Town and Gown Players , the theater group holding a reunion picnic on the theater 's deck when the shooting took place . Tanner and Teague were identified as set designers for the theater . Two other people were wounded by ricocheting bullets , Holeman said , but did not identify them . At least 20 people were in attendance at the event , he said . Zinkhan was not at the theater event initially , Holeman said , but when he arrived , he got into "  a disagreement " with his wife . He left the scene -- police believe to his car , where his children were waiting -- and returned with two handguns . "  It only took a few minutes , " Holeman said . Police found eight shell casings , he said . After the shootings , Zinkhan left the scene with his two children -- ages 8 and 10 -- still in the vehicle , police said . He drove to a neighbor 's home in nearby Bogart , Georgia , where he lived , and left the children there . The neighbor , Bob Covington , told CNN that Zinkhan arrived at his home shortly after noon with the two children . "  He rang the doorbell -- asked me if I could keep his kids for about an hour , " Covington said . "  I said sure , and he said there 'd been some type of emergency , and he took off . " Zinkhan seemed hurried and agitated but that seemed consistent with an emergency , Covington said . He did n't question Zinkhan about the emergency , Covington said , adding that it was n't unusual for someone in his family to watch the children . An hour or so later , he said , police arrived and took the children . Covington described Zinkhan as "  a very quiet guy , but family-oriented . " "  He was great around his kids , " he said . "  Never saw a bit of a problem between he his wife or his kids . " Covington said he was "  completely shocked , did n't believe it " when he heard the news , and said he knew Marie Bruce much better than her husband . "  She was much more talkative , very vivacious , " he said . Police Maj. Mike Shockley told CNN that officers were searching Zinkhan 's home Saturday and that a wide search for the suspect was in progress . "  It 's still a hunt , " he said . " ... Now it 's just a matter of trying to locate him . " Holeman said Zinkhan has relatives in Texas and owns a home in Amsterdam , The Netherlands . He was last seen driving a red , 2005 Jeep Liberty , Holeman said . The news reverberated across Athens . "  The University community is shocked and saddened at this tragic event , " University of Georgia President Michael F. Adams , said in a written statement . "  Our first thoughts are for safety of the university community and for prompt apprehension of the person responsible . Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of all those who have been affected . " Another university professor , Steve Elliott-Gower , told CNN that Zinkhan had been at the school for at least 10 years and was "  a distinguished professor with a national reputation . " "  He was quirky and aloof , but absolutely nothing that I saw would lead me to this conclusion , " said the professor . Elliott-Gower said he did n't know Zinkhan well , but knew him through Zinkhan 's wife who , like Elliott-Gower , was associated with the theater . "  There are generations of people in the Athens community that have been involved in the theater , " he said . "  It 's really difficult to imagine how an organization which is this close-knit recovers from something like this . " Town and Gown Players ' Web site said its present production , "  Sherlock Holmes : The Final Adventure , " is canceled . CNN 's Divina Mims contributed to this report .	NEW : Marie Bruce , 47 , wife of the suspect , was one of the victims , police say NEW : Other victims identified as Tom Tanner , 40 , and Ben Teague , 63 NEW : Suspect apparently dropped children off at a neighbor 's house before fleeing NEW : Local , state and national alerts are out for George Zinkhan , 57
Philadelphia , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Paulette Beale shakes her head at the suggestion , then flashes a contagious smile . "  It 's still history , " she says , to rebut the notion there could be less intensity for President Barack Obama in the African-American community the second time around . "  The first history was that he won . The second history 's that he won twice . So , it 's not just about history the first time , you have to be concerned about the history for the next four years also . You can make history more than one time , you know . " Her mother and father stand a few feet away , nodding approvingly . Paul and Altermese Beale founded Paul Beale 's Florist 41 years ago . Paulette takes the lead now , but her parents are on hand helping most days in a shop that is an institution in the Ogontz Avenue area of North Philadelphia . "  We love him , " Altermese Beale says of Obama . "  One of the proudest days of my life was the day he was elected . " The Beales are determined to see the president re-elected , and are part of an Obama campaign ground operation that is active early because of several obstacles to generating the big African-American turnout that was critical to then-Sen . Obama 's 2008 victories in many of the major presidential battlegrounds , Pennsylvania among them . Our visit this week was timed to coincide with the president 's speech to the National Urban League . At that meeting , in New Orleans , a major topic of discussion is a new Urban League study suggesting that if African-American turnout in 2012 falls back to 2004 levels , then Obama is almost certain to lose North Carolina and would find things much tougher in a handful of other battlegrounds , including Ohio , Virginia , Michigan , Florida and Pennsylvania . In 2008 , just shy of 65 % of eligible African-Americans voted for president ; in 2004 it was 60 % . That prospect of lower turnout could change the math in some key battlegrounds even if the president runs roughly equal to his share of the African-American vote , an eye-popping 95 % in 2008 . There are a number of reasons the Obama campaign worries that turnout among its most loyal voters could slip some -- and we got a taste of all of them during our visit to Philadelphia : • Economy : African-American unemployment is well above the national average . • History : The prospect of electing the country 's first African-American president was unquestionably a factor in the 2008 turnout boost . • Complacency : The president 's win in Pennsylvania was by 9 points , and Republicans have not carried the state in a presidential race since 1988 . • New voter ID laws : Pennsylvania is among the states with a new requirement that voters show photo identification on Election Day . Paul Beale scowls at the mention of the law . "  There are people who do n't want him as president and they are trying to suppress the vote , " he says . Altermese Beale says some of her elderly friends do n't have driver 's licenses or other current photo identification . "  If they keep this law , we will be in bad shape , " she says . The Beales ask every customer if they are registered to vote , and have forms and literature on hand for those who need help . Across the street at the Obama campaign field office -- one of six in Philadelphia -- a table just inside the door is stacked with literature about the new law and its requirements . The campaign 's networking with local businesses is part of an unprecedented effort to register and then keep in contact with African-American voters . Danny Wright is a natural fit . A 67-year-old with vivid memories of taking part in civil rights marches in his native Maryland and now the owner of Danny 's Auto Tags , which contracts with the state to issue driver 's licenses and also sells auto insurance . "  It 's like a spark , " Wright told us during our afternoon visit . "  When you say , ` Obama , ' everybody is very , very enthusiastic about him and you will see each person say to the other person , ` Have you registered to vote ? ' " The new ID law is also a hot topic of conversation . Many fiercely oppose it . Wright is in that group , but says he has to assume it will stay on the books through November . "  You hear a lot of talk about suppression , " he says . "  Everyone is making sure they 're having the proper ID and everything to go vote . So we reinforce this also . " Our walk through the neighborhood -- steamy temperature aside -- had more of an October feel than late July ; campaign volunteers were everywhere , asking passersby if they are registered to vote and collaring most of those who answered no . One of the local Obama turnout teams has met regularly since the 2008 campaign . Most of the others took shape beginning a year ago . One older volunteer says his only worry is that so many people tell him , "  Do n't worry , Pennsylvania is a ca n't - lose . ' " Bruce Burton has a quick answer when visitors to his Pretty Boyz barber shop sound complacent about the president 's November odds . "  We have more at stake , " Burton said . "  We 're either going back to the years of President Bush or we 're going to keep moving forward . ... We have voter registration forms in the back . We are recruiting as many people as possible . We are not feeling that this is a sure bet . We feel we have to stand behind him 100 % . " Black clergy is always critical to voter turnout in communities like this , and Dr. Kevin R. Johnson says Obama can count on his help despite a disagreement over the president 's support for same-sex marriage . "  We understand that he is not the pastor of the United States of America -- he is the president of the United States , " said Johnson , the senior pastor at Philadelphia 's Bright Hope Baptist Church . After services this past Sunday , Bright Hope congregants had a chance to get materials on the new voter ID law . Johnson says that law could be one factor in driving African-American turnout down a bit from 2008 . But if there is a significant drop , his bet is that the tough economy will be the driving force . "  The president could do more in that area , " Johnson said . "  When you look at the unemployment rate in the African-American community , there 's more that can be done . " Still , Johnson says things are a bit improved in recent months , and as he tells congregants they must vote , he also says he is banking on a little help in this tougher election climate . "  The reason I know that everything is going to be all right in November is because I trust in the Lord , " Johnson said . "  I love the president . But I trust in the Lord . "	Turnout among African-Americans could determine result of presidential election Unemployment , voter ID laws , complacency could affect turnout Obama campaign has unprecedented effort to register , communicate with voters One Philadephian says there is more at stake this year than in 2008
To the world , he was known as "  Chespirito . " Roberto Gomez Bolanos gained fame as a comedian , but he was also a writer , actor , screenwriter , songwriter , film director and TV producer . The legendary entertainer died Friday at the age of 85 at his home in Cancun , Mexico . A native of Mexico City , Gomez Bolanos had been living in the resort town for the last few years due to health problems . He leaves behind his wife , Florinda Meza , also an actress and comedian , and six children from a previous marriage . Gomez Bolanos ' death was confirmed by Televisa , the Mexican media conglomerate where he spent most of a career that spanned more than four decades , mainly on television . Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto expressed his condolences . "  Mexico has lost an icon whose work has transcended generations and borders , " the President said on his Twitter account . According to his official biography , Gomez Bolanos got his nickname from a film director who , after reading something he 'd written , dubbed him "  a little Shakespeare . " The term was later adapted to the more Spanish-friendly Chespirito . The fact that he was only 5 feet 2 inches tall  1.6 meters  reinforced the nickname . Fellow actor and comedian Edgar Vivar called Gomez Bolanos "  the best writer of Spanish-language television . " Vivar , who played several Chespirito 's characters , said that part of Gomez Bolanos ' genius was "  that he wrote  TV shows  based on the individual actor 's or actress ' acting ability , " which allowed for better and funnier comedy situations . His son Roberto Gomez Fernandez , also a TV producer , said his father had "  an extraordinary knowledge of human nature in many respects , " which allowed his TV shows to be translated into multiple languages without losing their comedic impact . "  His ultimate intention was to entertain audiences in a wholesome way , " Gomez Fernandez said of his father , who never used profanity or situations not appropriate for children on his shows or movies . Gomez Bolanos was born in 1929 . According to his official biography , his father was a painter , sketch artist and newspaper illustrator . Though trained as an engineer , Chespirito never worked as one , choosing instead to write for TV and radio shows and screenplays starting in the mid-1950s . By 1968 , Gomez Bolanos was already writing for his own show , and by 1971 , he had developed two of his most famous TV characters . In "  El Chapulin Colorado "  "  The Red Grasshopper "  , Chespirito dressed in a red bodysuit and wore vinyl antennae . A parody of superheroes like Batman and Superman , the Red Grasshopper had certain powers , like the ability to shrink . "  El Chavo del Ocho "  "  The Boy from Number Eight "  was an orphan boy from a working-class Mexico City neighborhood . By 1973 , both TV series were popular throughout Latin America . "  While the parents of my friends went to work building houses or to hospitals or attorneys ' offices , my dad would dress in all red , wore antennae and went to work , " Gomez Fernandez said . "  It was kind of normal to me . As I grew up , I started to realize how relevant his work was . " Televisa said Chespirito 's TV shows "  were watched in Mexico , just like they were watched in Brazil , Thailand or Russia . " According to Televisa , "  El Chavo del Ocho " has been dubbed into 50 languages . Chespirito 's last show was produced in 1995 , but his catchphrases and sayings continue to be part of Mexican culture . El Chapulin Colorado has also been profiled in the American TV series "  The Simpsons . " His first message on Twitter on May 28 , 2011 , was "  siganme los buenos , " or "  follow me , those of you who are good , " a phrase that he constantly used on his shows and that many people still use in Mexico and elsewhere . People we 've lost in 2014	Known as "  Chespirito , " Gomez Bolanos was also a writer , actor , director and producer President says his work "  transcended generations and borders " His two most famous TV characters were a superhero and an orphan boy
CNN  -- A Republican-appointed commission in Florida could turn the 2012 GOP presidential nominating calendar topsy-turvy Friday if it goes ahead with plans to shift the state 's primary to January 31 . The move would flout Republican National Committee rules that forbid any state -- other than the first four early voting states -- from holding a contest before March 6 , likely sparking a chain reaction as those states move their contests into January to protect their roles in the process . Florida 's representatives on the RNC approved the current calendar rules at a meeting last year . But top Florida Republicans have since demanded that their state go fifth in the 2012 process , after the first four "  carve out " states of Iowa , New Hampshire , Nevada and South Carolina . RNC officials had been hoping to allow the Sunshine State to move its contest to Feb. 21 , which would still violate party rules but satisfy Florida 's desire to go fifth . Florida Republicans told CNN this week , however , that the prospect of states like Missouri and Colorado also holding caucus or primary contests in February forced their hand . What do you think of the candidates ? A spokeswoman for the RNC said they were still working to keep the calendar intact . "  We 're going to continue working with Florida and other states until the deadline on October 1st to ensure they remain within the Party rules , " said spokeswoman Kirsten Kukowski . "  Any state that violates the rules will lose 50 % of its delegates . " Florida Republicans , who want a primary date all to themselves , are not budging , even in the face of penalties from the RNC . "  Nothing has changed , " said Florida House Speaker Dean Cannon . "  I believe Jan. 31st is the right day for Florida and anticipate the committee making that date official . " Under committee rules , states in violation of the calendar can be stripped of half their delegates to next August 's Republican National Convention in Tampa . RNC members are also mulling stiffer penalties for rule-breaking states , like banishing those delegations to far away hotels in the Tampa area and giving their delegations the worst seats inside the convention hall . A spokesman for the Republican Party of Florida brushed off the threats . "  If there is some process in 24 hours time that ensures Florida as fifth , then I think the commission could be swayed , " said RPOF spokesman Brian Hughes . "  But short of that , the Speaker 's prediction seems accurate . " Iowa Republican Party Chairman Matt Strawn issued a joint statement Thursday with his counterparts from New Hampshire , Nevada and South Carolina , promising to leap ahead of Florida and into January if the Florida commission moves ahead with its plan . "  The four sanctioned , early states have been very clear that we will move together , if necessary , to ensure order as outlined in RNC rules , " Strawn said . "  If we are forced to change our dates together , we will . " The first four states would also face penalties if they move from February into January , but South Carolina GOP Chairman Chad Connelly dared the RNC to punish his state if Florida triggers the chaos . Connelly said he would wait until after Florida finalizes its primary date before naming South Carolina 's date . Georgia , which had flirted with moving up its primary date , decided to hold its primary on March 6 , in compliance with committee calendar rules .	Florida aims to move primary date to January 31 Traditional early states would then be forced to leapfrog their dates into early January Republican leadership could penalize Florida by limiting delegates seated at convention States must submit their primary and caucuses to the Republican National Committee by Saturday
OLD TOWN ALEXANDRIA , Virginia  CNN  -- As you walk down Prince Street in Old Town Alexandria , Virginia , it may be easy to forget that it 's 2009 . Music preservationist Curtis Blues works the streets of Old Town Alexandria , Virginia . You might find a wooden-wheeled carriage rolling by , drawn by a mule . Holding the reins and telling the history of the town is a woman dressed in clothing of an era long past . Gas lanterns burn and adorn intricate woodwork on townhouse entrances . Cobblestone streets preserving the past lead the way to the waterfront , where the old Torpedo Factory lies . And if you listen carefully , you can hear the sounds of the past echoing in the alleys and old tunnels . The sounds come courtesy of musician Curtis Blues . "  This is a one-string diddley bow , " Blues says as he picks up a crude , homemade instrument constructed from items you might find in any kitchen . "  They used to tie a wire on a barn door and amplify it with a metal jar top . " He picks up the portable version of the diddley bow and plucks the one string . He uses a metal slide to change the pitch and creates a rather unique musical sound . Although Blues had n't yet begun performing , a crowd of curious tourists gathers to watch . Blues is a Mississippi Delta Blues preservationist . He owns a plethora of instruments that were used by delta musicians starting around the turn of the 20th century . He picks up his harmonica and begins to play . Powerful bending notes fly from it as he demonstrates how his heroes used the shape of their mouths to create a louder , richer sound that would reach more people on the streets . Blues started playing blues harmonica when he was 14 years old , and he has been studying , learning and performing blues music ever since . "  This acoustic style of music , I grew up with on the folk circuit . So I was exposed to some of the old blues men , and I fell in love with it , " Blues says . "  My mission is to preserve it as the acoustic form it was before it went to Chicago and became electric band music . " He adds : "  So it 's a preservation of an era , a moment in history , and a style of performance . One of the aspects of my preservation work is to preserve the voice of these unique instruments of this era . " Watch Blues ply his trade " For the past 14 years , Blues has had a one-man-band blues show that he performs in the shadow of the Old Torpedo Factory , located on the boardwalk in the heart of Old Town . His show finds him with a bright silver metal resonator guitar , a harmonica mounted around his neck , and a bass drum with cymbals . "  They performed in settings just like this on the side of the river , " Blues says of the old-time blues musicians . "  So when I 'm playing out here I 'm really stepping into their shoes . But there 's no assumption that anyone has to pay me at all . The term in Europe is called ` busking . ' The idea behind busking is that you 're turning a stranger into a paying customer in just a few seconds . " One of Blues ' "  busking " techniques is to get the kids involved . "  Would you like to be part of my band ? " he asks a shy little red-haired girl hiding behind her mother 's leg . "  I could use a pretty girl like you in my band ! Come on up here and grab a maraca . " Blues soon has a small percussion section to his right , and each child has a parent holding a dollar for the children to place into his tip box after the song in appreciation of the fun that has been added to their day . Near the end of the song , Blues lowers the music and addresses the crowd . "  Now if you 're thinking of tipping me today and I hope you are , please consider my huge family ! " And he gestures to the several children next to him holding colorful plastic maracas . "  And that little one there , " he goes on , "  he eats the most out of all of them . " The crowd laughs , and dollars pile into his tip box . Later in his show , Blues picks up a cigar-box banjo . It is literally a wooden cigar box that is attached to a long wooden neck with four strings fastened at either end . He describes the instrument to a few very interested onlookers . He stands up and sings a classic blues song called "  Turkey-Legged Woman " and begins to engage the crowd face to face . "  Part of my job out here is not only to perform the art , but to educate the public to support the art , " Blues explains . "  This idea of live music , that when they bring their kids by and they come across a person performing outdoors without a microphone , that this is something of value that we should treasure , and that we should support . " "  The future of the blues is very bright , " says Blues , "  because the human spirit always resonates and relates to the blues . " The sun begins to set . The crowd slowly changes from shorts and flip-flops to skirts and heels . Blues says he will play on the street "  as long as there are people here to stop and listen . " Then he runs his slide up the neck of his steel guitar .	Sounds of the past echo through streets of Old Town Alexandria , Virginia Curtis Blues is a music preservationist , plays instruments of a past era "  Busking " is "  turning a stranger into a paying customer in just a few seconds " Human spirit always relates to the blues , music preservationist says
The foursome of chirpy college students warmed up in the River Ridge course tee box , focusing on loosening their legs before taking their first shot on a par-four hole . Cody Seybold ran toward his ball , almost "  Happy Gilmore " style . Then there was that unmistakable "  thump " and a well-struck soccer ball arced toward the first green and its 21-inch diameter hole . Welcome to the wonderful world of FootGolf , a soccer-golf hybrid played on more than 257 courses in the United States , according to the FootGolf League . How FootGolf got started "  It 's the same structure as golf , except you are playing with your feet , " said player Connor Bush , wearing soccer cleats and baggy shorts . "  You still have to include strategy . What kind of green are you playing on ? Are you going to drive ? Are you going to chip ? " he said . Because soccer balls do n't travel as far as golf balls , the FootGolf holes are shorter , averaging 157 yards on the Oxnard , California , course . While the weekday , 18-hole green fee for traditional golf at River Ridge is $ 38 , the fee for its ball-booting cousin is much less . The FootGolf green fee at River Ridge is $ 10 for adults and $ 5 for children . A soccer ball runs between $ 15 and $ 30 , and no tees or gloves are needed . "  It 's really not expensive -- great when you are on the college budget , " FootGolfer Lloyd Mueller said while juggling his soccer ball between shots . "  It 's a great way to spend 2 1/2 hours with your friends . " At River Ridge , the FootGolf holes run perpendicular to and weave between regular golf holes , so both traditional and FootGolfers play at the same time . Frank Victor , a traditional golfer in pants and collared shirt , said the FootGolfers can be a bit of a problem when unsupervised . "  Some are rolling around the sand traps , doing cartwheels , whatever they want , " Victor said . Footgolfer Alex Ondrejko jumped up and clicked his heels like a merry leprechaun after kicking in a shot from the sand trap to make birdie . "  Chipping out  of sand  you are not allowed a walk-up approach , " Ondrejko explained . "  You just take one step and knock it out . " When word came that FootGolf might soon invade the River Ridge golf course , Susan Sipes , the head professional , was uncomfortable . "  I thought it was a really crazy idea , " Sipes said . "  Traditional golfers have had a hard time accepting this new course on their golf course . But it 's kind of like when the skiers had to take on the snowboarders . " The FootGolfers represent a toehold on a new revenue opportunity in the shrinking golf business . There has been a net reduction of 643 golf courses in the United States since 2006 because of closures , according to the National Golf Foundation . Three reasons golf is on the decline River Ridge said that in peak summer playing months , traditional golfers accounted for an average of almost 10,000 rounds of golf and FootGolfers averaged almost 900 rounds . "  At first , a lot of other golf courses , I 'd hear them kind of teasing me about having FootGolf , " Sipes said . "  Now they are all asking me about it . How do they get it ? It 's growing like wildfire . " It 's an inferno with its own rules and regulations , laws and language . As Seybold 's crushed first-tee shot landed and headed toward what he called the "  sidewalk , " he held his head and grunted . "  You mean cart path , " his fellow players corrected . The soccer ball rolled on the pavement hopelessly away from the hole , dooming Seybold to a double bogie . That 's two over par , an agonizing score to both the club swingers and the new era kickers at River Ridge .	FootGolf , a soccer-golf hybrid , is being played on hundreds of courses across the U.S. It is like golf , except you use your feet and a soccer ball FootGolf could bring new revenue to courses as the golf business declines
CNN  -- President Bill Clinton once famously said , "  The most difficult job in the world is not being president . It 's being a parent . " As mothers , we both know this well , but we wonder if President Clinton 's fellow Democrats share his respect for parents , particularly those who choose to stay home with their children ? Yesterday on CNN , Hilary Rosen , a Washington insider who has advised many prominent Democrats , made the ill-advised decision to attack a fellow parent , a stay-at-home mother , by accusing her of having "  never worked a day in her life . " The stay-at-home mother targeted maliciously by Rosen has successfully raised five boys , who all have their own families now and constructively contribute to society . This particular mother has battled cancer and multiple sclerosis . This particular stay-at-home mom travels the country and speaks up on issues of importance to her and for her children and grandchildren 's future . This particular stay-at-home mother is also a Republican , her name is Ann Romney and her message is resonating . Therein lies the reason for Rosen 's vicious attack . After calls for her to apologize from both the left and the right , Rosen initially refused . But she caved to the building pressure today . In her apology she said , "  Let 's declare peace in this phony war and go back to focus on the substance . " We could n't agree more -- so let 's look at the substance , and the facts , which is what Ann Romney and many other women have been doing all along . Comment on Romney 's wife keeps campaign 's focus on women As her husband moves toward locking up the Republican nomination , recent headlines have screamed that Ann Romney is the "  Romney that Democrats fear most . " And for good reason . Pundits point out that she is passionate , attractive , charismatic and elegant -- all true -- but we would argue that what Democrats truly fear is her message and the impact it is having with women of all walks of life . Recently , Romney made headlines when she said , "  Women care about jobs . Women care about the economy , they care about their children , they care about their debt . They 're angry , they 're furious about the entitlement debt we 're leaving our children . " She is right . Meanwhile , Democrats preen on about the phony "  war on women " and are increasingly desperate to lure attention away from their disastrous policies . The women we know are smarter than this and realize this is merely a smokescreen meant to distract women voters from the true legacy of the Obama administration : failed economic policies that adversely affect women . In her stunning comments , Rosen claims Romney "  never really dealt with the kind of economic issues that a majority of women in the country are facing . " Moms all across this country look to the unemployment numbers , which have disproportionately affected women , and worry about their families ' immediate future and security . Moms look to record high gas prices as they begin to plan summer road trips . Women make 80 % of all health care decisions in our country , so it 's no wonder a consistent majority of them oppose Obamacare . Moms know how to make and maintain a budget and are left wondering why it has taken Harry Reid over 1,050 days to pass a budget in the male-dominated , Democrat-led U.S. Senate . Moms know the crushing legacy that debt can leave and are outraged that , as of today , each of our children owes $ 50,017.33 of the national debt . This is the legacy of the Obama administration , and this is why liberals like Ms. Rosen make personal attacks on mothers like Ann Romney , rather than debate the issues most important to women . More and more women like Ann Romney are standing up and speaking out . Women are joining the political arena in droves , both as activists and as candidates . Moms like Mia Love and Martha Zoller have put their name on the ballot in opposition to the Obama agenda . This November , we could elect five new conservative women -- Deb Fischer , Sarah Steelman , Heather Wilson , Linda Lingle and Linda McMahon -- to the U.S. Senate , ending the do-nothing-but-harm reign of Harry Reid . The tea party movement has been fueled and run by "  just moms " like Amy Kremer who are scared for their children 's future and are taking a stand . The left 's war on moms exposes their true feelings towards women -- that we are the victims , the proverbial damsels in distress waiting for Washington to come riding in atop its white horse named bureaucracy to fix our families , prescribe our medications and send our children the bill . What the left will learn over the next seven months is that those women are n't victims , they are fierce warriors who fight for their principles . The election of 2012 promises to be fought on the issues and it will be won by women . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	Authors : Hilary Rosen 's criticism of Ann Romney was unfair and malicious They say Romney speaks out on behalf of issues important to women Authors : Democrats fear that she resonates with voters skeptical of Obama policies Conservative women are joining the political arena in droves , the authors say
CNN  -- Angelina Jolie may not have been by Brad Pitt 's side , but she was certainly on his mind . Pitt attended the New York premiere of his new film , "  World War Z , " without Jolie , who was "  getting ready for World Refugee Day , " Pitt told the assembled reporters . But asked to describe his feelings for his fiancee , he did n't mince words . "  She has always been the brave , bold individual that I fell for -- and sexy as ever , " he said . Jolie recently announced she had undergone a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery after learning that she carried a mutation of the BRCA1 gene , which sharply increases her risk of developing breast and ovarian cancer . Jolie 's mother , Marcheline Bertrand , died from ovarian cancer in 2007 . Jolie was with Pitt at the London premiere earlier this month and said that she felt "  great . " "  I feel wonderful , and I 'm very , very grateful for all the support . It 's meant a lot to me , " the actress told the BBC . However , not everybody was 100 % behind Jolie . In an interview with the Washington Blade , singer Melissa Etheridge said she believed Jolie had made a "  fearful choice . " "  I have that gene mutation too and  the preventive mastectomy  is not something I would believe in for myself . I would n't call it the brave choice , " she said . "  I actually think it 's the most fearful choice you can make when confronting anything with cancer . " Etheridge , a cancer survivor as well , said she prefers to focus on good nutrition and reducing stress levels . Pitt , however , characterizes Jolie as "  heroic . " He told USA Today in May that the past few months have been "  emotional and beautifully inspiring . " "  I 'm quite emotional about it , of course , " he said . He and Jolie have six children . "  World War Z " opens Friday .	Brad Pitt pays tribute to Angelina Jolie Pitt attended "  World War Z " New York premiere alone ; Jolie was preparing for another event Melissa Etheridge disagrees with Jolie 's course of action for cancer
CNN  -- IN FOCUS : Islamic Finance and the Arab Spring In the wake of a season of regional revolts , Islamist parties are reasserting themselves in the post - Arab Spring states . From the election of moderate Islamic group of Ennahda in Tunisia to talk of Sharia Law in Libya . Western politicians and businesses are keeping a keen eye on whether the Arab Spring has opened the door for Islamic finance . This week , MME looks at the path of Islamic finance in the economies touched by the Arab Spring . FACETIME : Hassan Heikal , CEO , EFG Hermes As concerns spread over the economic fall out of the Arab Spring , all eyes are on Egypt 's future direction . Investor confidence has been dampened by a shaky political climate , while ratings agency , Moody 's , downgraded the North African country citing economic weakness and financial deterioration . MME sits down with Hassan Heikal , the CEO of Egyptian investment bank , EFG-Hermes , to discuss the road ahead . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Fridays : 0845 , 1645 , Saturdays : 0615 Sundays : 0515 , 1645	MME looks at whether the Arab Spring has opened the door for Islamic finance Economic fallout from the Arab Spring meant Egypt was downgraded by ratings agency MME talks to Hassan Heikal , the CEO of Egyptian bank , EFG-Hermes
CNN  -- Faced with a deluge of opposition that included pressure from lawmakers and internal dissent , one of America 's leading breast cancer advocacy groups on Friday reversed itself on a decision that would have cut off funding to some Planned Parenthood projects . "  We want to apologize to the American public for recent decisions that cast doubt upon our commitment to our mission of saving women 's lives , " the Susan G. Komen for the Cure Foundation said in a statement . "  We will continue to fund existing grants , including those of Planned Parenthood , and preserve their eligibility to apply for future grants , while maintaining the ability of our affiliates to make funding decisions that meet the needs of their communities . " The group 's earlier decision not to renew part of its longstanding partnership with Planned Parenthood , which operates hundreds of family clinics that perform abortions , triggered strong emotions across the country . It provoked objection even from some of its own affiliates . Planned Parenthood said funding from the Komen foundation has largely paid for breast exams at local centers . In the last five years , grants from the group have directly supported 170,000 screenings , making up about 4 % of the total exams performed at Planned Parenthood health centers nationwide . In Washington , 26 Senate Democrats had signed a letter calling on Komen to reconsider . New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , a longtime Planned Parenthood supporter , pledged $ 250,000 in matching grants to help make up for the loss in funding . "  Politics have no place in health care , " the mayor said . "  Breast cancer screening saves lives , and hundreds of thousands of women rely on Planned Parenthood for access to care . We should be helping women access that care , not placing barriers in their way . " Bloomberg 's gift came on top of $ 400,000 that Planned Parenthood reported raising online from 6,000 donors the first 24 hours after the initial announcement . By Friday , the group had raised more than $ 3 million . "  It 's a testament to America 's compassion and sincerity , " said Barbara Zdravecky , CEO of Planned Parenthood of Southwest and Central Florida . Addressing the controversy , Zdravecky said only about 3 % of the group 's services provide for abortions , a hot button issue in presidential politics , while the majority of the group 's work is based on prevention , screening and family planning . An anonymous donor had also offered $ 300,000 in matching grant money earlier this week , Zdravecky said . "  Today , the interests of women 's health prevailed over partisan politics , " said Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg  D-New Jersey  . "  The Komen Foundation did the right thing . " Other lawmakers expressed outrage over Friday 's announcement . Republican Rep. Renee Ellmers added that the group 's "  original stance to stop funding pending an important congressional investigation was an act of courage and prudence , making their sudden reversal today appear hollow and weak . " Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum said he was "  deeply disappointed " in the decision . CREDO , which describes itself as the largest corporate donor to Planned Parenthood , said Thursday that 250,000 of its members had signed a petition urging the Komen Foundation to reverse its decision . "  The  earlier  move is clearly connected to attempts by Republicans in Congress to defund Planned Parenthood , " the organization said in a statement . "  In responding to questions about its decision , the foundation cited as its rationale a sham ` investigation ' into Planned Parenthood launched by Republican Rep. Cliff Stearns , " who the group called "  one of the most militant anti-choice members of Congress . " In September , the House Committee on Energy and Commerce , on which the Florida congressman sits , began an investigation into Planned Parenthood over the organization 's "  compliance with federal restrictions on funding abortions . " The group said Tuesday that the Komen Foundation had "  succumbed to political pressure " by cutting its funding for breast cancer screenings amid increased scrutiny by Congress over how Planned Parenthood provides abortion services . But the American Life League said in a statement that the foundation 's decision was justified . Planned Parenthood "  is currently the focus of a congressional investigation , and multiple affiliates are under state investigations , " it said . "  Planned Parenthood operatives are lashing out at Komen across the Internet and throughout the media , in what appears to be a coordinated effort to paint Komen 's policy as cowardly and politically motivated . " The Komen Foundation had also denied that its decision stemmed from politics . "  We 've always had the right to cancel contracts for organizations that came under investigation for potential wrongdoing , " said Nancy Brinker , CEO and founder of the group . In all , grants were not renewed to 16 of 19 Planned Parenthood clinics , she said . "  We do n't base our funding decisions on emotions or politics or whether one side or another will be pleased . " Brinker was a political appointee of the George W. Bush administration , in which she served as U.S. ambassador to Hungary and as chief of protocol . Susan G. Komen was Brinker 's sister . Komen Foundation President Liz Thompson said the funds would have been redirected "  to other programs in our communities that can provide these services more directly . " She said there was "  amazing consensus " among foundation board members about the decision , which was made "  over the better part of two years . " That consensus did not include Dr. Kathy Plesser , a member of the foundation 's medical advisory board in New York , who had pledged to resign if the decision was not overturned . "  I can not as a physician and advocate for women 's health continue to be a part of the organization if it continues in this direction , " Plesser said . "  A big part of what Komen does is reach underserved communities of women . With this  earlier  decision , they 're not living up to this mission . " Mollie Williams , the group 's managing director of community health programs , left Komen this month . "  It was an honor to oversee and expand their public health efforts during my six years there , " Williams said . "  At the same time , I respect the work of Planned Parenthood , including their lifesaving efforts to detect cancer in its earliest stages . The divide between these two very important organizations saddens me . " It was n't immediately clear whether she had resigned . Thompson said it 's policy not to release information about employees other than start and end dates .	Donors rush to support Planned Parenthood Susan G. Komen for the Cure Foundation reverses decision not to renew funding Planned Parenthood said Tuesday that the foundation had "  succumbed to political pressure " In Washington , several Senate Democrats signed a letter calling on Komen to reconsider
CNN  -- The dice have been thrown ; over the next couple of months consumers ready to upgrade their phone will be forced into making a decision . Do they go for a phone that is beautifully designed , will make them feel safe , and never for a moment make them feel out of their comfort zone ? Or do they take a risk , a risk that sees them fundamentally change the way they use their phone , the way their phone looks , and even what their phone will be able to do ? Decisions will have to be made . In the one camp is Apple , in the other is HTC , Samsung , and Nokia . The latter three have all announced Windows Phone 8 devices that are expected at the end of October or the beginning of November . Apple 's iPhone 5 went on sale around the world on Friday . While Apple has already confirmed that it has sold 2 million iPhone 5s , and retailers around the globe detail best ever pre-order records , Microsoft is hoping people will wait . It 's a tough ask , do you go with the market leading smartphone now , and get what you expect , or wait for another couple of months and hope it has been worth it . Those questions aside , Microsoft with the help of HTC , Nokia , and Samsung , hope you 'll wait . If it can convince you to do that , it has a good chance of succeeding . The operating system , not yet fully detailed , looks to have some really nice features above and beyond emailing or making calls . Take the People Hub that seamlessly manages your contacts and your social life , or the in-built Office Hub that makes writing Word documents or managing spreadsheets really easy . There 's a kids corner feature too that locks out important features when you give your phone to your kids so they ca n't email your boss . On the hardware front , Nokia and HTC have both gone for a colorful experience . Windows Phone 8 phones are Flame Red , Limelight Yellow and California Blue . They are n't just Black or White . That is likely to appeal to those that want to be noticed , the cool hipsters and fashionastas , that whether you like it or not , influence how you dress . Nokia , to some outcry , has ditched a Cyan version of its new Lumia handsets . When asked why , it simply replied that Cyan was n't this year 's color . We have n't heard that from a phone company for a long time . Likewise HTC 's new 8X and 8S phones have an equally vibrant color scheme that will either appeal or appall . It 's about thinking and being different , almost on purpose . Get past the colors , the OS , and the spec sheet is just as cutting edge , untried and untested . Most of the new Windows Phone 8 devices will come with NFC , a new technology that will let you pay with your phone or connect instantly to other NFC devices . Apple has shunned the technology in the new iPhone 5 . Microsoft is hoping that 's going to be a mistake . Nokia is hoping wireless charging will be a big draw , losing the need for cables all together even in charging and allowing you to just dump your phone on a pillow instead , while HTC has teamed up with Dr Dre 's Beats Audio to try and win the battle for your ears . If it is good enough for Olympians , it is good enough for us . Both are pushing the camera at the forefront of the experience . The elephant in the room is still apps . Nokia is doing its best to fill the gaps itself , but with momentum still to kick in , Apple has the upper hand . Windows Phone offers a very viable offering for consumers looking for a change , and business users keen to be secure . Against Apple , Microsoft and its new friends have to convince developers to get building , and convince consumers that there is a point to your phone beyond apps . With such a competitive market that 's no easy task . For Microsoft it has a great OS on its side , but the battle is only just starting and they have a long way to go before any of them can claim victory . The question is though , are consumers willing to wait with them , or get their gratification before the race has even begun .	HTC , Samsung , and Nokia have announced Windows Phone 8 devices for October or November Apple confirmed that it sold 2 million iPhone 5s , and retailers detail best ever pre-order records Windows phone offers a very viable offering for consumers and business users keen to be secure
EW.com  -- Just a year or so ago , girls behaving " badly " -- really raunchy , really messed up on drugs , really promiscuous and narcissistic -- seemed to be a revolutionary flavor in movie comedy . To see how quickly it 's become the new normal , check out two current high-profile indie comedies . "  Bachelorette " follows a bride-to-be and her three friends over the course of one endless , drunken , hapless bachelorette party . The movie would like to be "  Bridesmaids " meets "  Superbad " meets a very special episode of "  Snooki & JWoww . " "  For a Good Time , Call ... " tells the tender tale of two roommates who team up to launch a phone-sex line . Whatever their virtues or flaws , each of these movies makes the dirtiest episode of "  Sex and the City " look like Doris Day fluff . "  Bachelorette , " a sloshed-night-before-the-wedding comedy , is a movie that 's every bit as caustic and high-strung as its damaged-princess heroines . It opens in L.A. , where the sweet plus-size Becky  Rebel Wilson , who was Kristen Wiig 's Cockney freak of a roommate in Bridesmaids  informs her best friend , the platinum-blond ice queen Regan  Kirsten Dunst  , that she 's engaged , an announcement that Regan greets by just about choking on her salad with jealousy . That 's what a petty vixen she is . Most of "  Bachelorette " takes place six months later , in Manhattan , on the eve of Becky 's nuptials , the perfect occasion for a bachelorette party that spins out of control . But this is n't a daffy clockwork farce like the Hangover films . It 's a revved-up pageant of naked feminine dysfunction , a comedy of values about young women who do n't have any . Toronto : Watching stars watch ` Looper ' Regan , the maid of honor , is joined by Becky 's two other childhood friends : Gena  Lizzy Caplan  , a gothy motormouthed train wreck , and Katie  Isla Fisher  , a terminally insecure ditz . These two spend the movie snorting enough cocaine to give an elephant a heart attack . As for Regan , she does n't need drugs -- she gets high on hating others , and on hating herself , too . The entire movie is an overdose of wrecked party-girl masochism . The three bridesmaids end up tearing Becky 's humongous wedding dress asunder , and so they go out on the town , dragging the increasingly sorry garment around with them , trying to find a way to repair it even as it 's assaulted by various bodily fluids . "  Bachelorette " is expertly shot and paced , with a script that 's as cutting as a serrated knife . It was written by its director , Leslye Headland  who based it on her Off Broadway play  , and her dialogue has a nasty misanthropic zing that ups the ante on "  Mean Girls " and "  Heathers . " Each of the trio has a guy she 's passively pursuing  they 're played by James Marsden , Kyle Bornheimer , and the always droll Adam Scott  , and the encounters with them are funny in a merciless , this-is-a-woman 's - brain-on-drugs sort of way . There 's a rush in seeing actresses this charming take on characters who are this disagreeable . Yet if "  Bachelorette " takes the form of a romantic ensemble comedy , it 's purged of any true romantic feeling . You 'll laugh , maybe a lot , but you wo n't feel great about it in the morning . ` Breaking Dawn 2 ' : Watch VMAs trailer Where the characters in "  Bachelorette " seem to be pining for an innocence they never had , the two heroines of "  For a Good Time , Call ... " manage to outdo them in raunch and still come off as sweetly ingenuous . The movie , directed by Jamie Travis , is crudely shot and about as thin as a mediocre sitcom , yet its central situation is disarmingly funny -- and , after a while , oddly winning . Lauren  Lauren Miller  , laid off from her publishing job , moves in with Katie  Ari Graynor  , a distant acquaintance she has despised since college  the feeling is mutual  . Neither one of them can really afford to live in New York City on her own . Katie , like the Lena Dunham character on HBO 's "  Girls , " calls herself a " writer , " but she pays the rent by working for a phone-sex service , and that 's something she 's got a gift for . It 's Lauren who gets the idea of starting their own dirty-talk line . This is basically the kickoff for a high-concept farce , but it 's not just the matter-of-fact explicitness that 's funny . It 's the way that talking like lusty " tramps " on the phone liberates these two . Lauren Miller  who co-wrote the script  has a demure sneakiness , but it 's Ari Graynor 's movie -- she 's like Kate Hudson possessed by the spirit of Bette Midler . And all the better off for it . Bachelorette : B For a Good Time , Call ... : B See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Bachelorette " follows a bride-to-be and her three friends over the course of a bachelorette party "  Bachelorette " is a sloshed-night-before-the-wedding comedy "  For a Good Time , Call ... " tells the tale of roommates who team up to launch a phone-sex line
CNN  -- Every 40 seconds someone in the world takes their own life , a global tally of more than 800,000 suicides a year , according to a landmark United Nations report on the subject . The research found that suicide killed more people each year than conflicts and natural catastrophes , accounting for more than half of the world 's 1.5 million violent deaths annually , World Health Organization staff told reporters at its presentation in Geneva . The report , the U.N. agency 's first on the subject , analyzed data on suicides from 172 countries , and took a decade to compile . Setting a goal to cut national suicide rates by 10 percent by 2020 , the organization said suicide was a major but preventable health problem that health authorities had failed to adequately address due to a number of complicated factors . Shrouded in taboo "  This report is a call for action to address a large public health problem which has been shrouded in taboo for far too long , " Dr. Margaret Chan , director-general of the WHO , said in a statement . While warning that data on national suicide rates was imperfect , with fewer than half the surveyed countries keeping accurate figures , the WHO said it used available data to produce estimates on suicide prevalence worldwide . The global rate was estimated at 11.4 per 100,000 , with men almost twice as likely as women to take their own lives -- rising to as many as three times more male victims than female in some richer countries . On average , high-income countries had a slightly higher suicide rate -- 12.7 per 100,000 people -- than low - and middle-income nations , where the rate was 11.2 . Mental health help : Where to turn Highest rates The most suicide-prone countries were Guyana  44.2 per 100,000  , followed by North Korea  38.5  , South Korea  28.9  , Sri Lanka  28.8  , Lithuania  28.2  , Suriname  27.8  , Mozambique  27.4  , Nepal and Tanzania  24.9 each  and Burundi  23.1  . The report found suicide rates were highest globally among those aged 70 years and over , but highest among the young in some countries -- and was the second leading cause of death for 15-29 year-olds globally . Among the challenges in tackling suicide were intense media coverage when celebrities kill themselves , as witnessed in the recent death of U.S. comedian Robin Williams , which could glamorize the act and fuel suicide "  contagion , " the report stated . Opinion : Suicide does n't set you free Most vulnerable Another factor was that suicide victims often came from marginalized groups and were difficult to access with interventions . The report stated that the most common methods of suicide globally were pesticide poisoning -- particularly in rural areas -- hanging and firearms . Evidence had shown that restricting access to these methods can could help reduce the number of deaths . Also vital to lowering the suicide rate was a commitment by governments to implement national action plans on suicide -- something only 28 countries currently had in place . "  We know what works , " said Dr. Shekhar Saxena , the WHO 's mental health director . "  Now is the time to act . " ` Suicide tourism ' to Switzerland has doubled since 2009	Landmark WHO report estimates one suicide in the world every 40 seconds , or 800,000 a year The document estimates a global average of 11.4 people in 100,000 took their own life Men are almost twice as likely as women to take their own lives , the report found High-income countries had a slightly higher suicide rate than poorer countries
CNN  -- Bernard Hopkins erased the legendary George Foreman from the record books when he became boxing 's oldest world champion with a points decision over Canadian Jean Pascal to win the World Boxing Council  WBC  light heavyweight title . Hopkins , who is 126 days beyond his 46th birthday , won the unanimous verdict of the judges after 12 rounds in the Bell Centre arena in Montreal Saturday night . The two had fought to a draw in December 18 in Quebec to deny Hopkins the crown . "  I have always fought with heart and courage to get a guy out of there , " Hopkins told gathered reporters . "  You save the best for last . I want to go out a winner and not beat up , punch drunk and not broke . " Hopkins  52-5-2  is 24 days older than Foreman was when his fellow American defended the International Boxing Federation  IBF  title against Germany 's Axel Schulz in 1995 with a split-decision victory . Foreman had claimed claimed the title the year before when he knocked out Michael Moorer in the 10th round to win the IBF and World Boxing Association  WBA  heavyweight crowns on November 5 , 1994 . Hopkins built up a big points lead through the middle rounds , but came under pressure in the closing stages as the 26-year-old Pascal rallied with home support . "  I am going to fight until I am 50 , " said Hopkins . "  I did n't feel like I am 46 but closer to 36 . "  I worked hard for this . I have been accused of being boring but I just wanted to buy time and buy years . Before I leave this game you are going to see the best fights of Hopkins ' career . " Pascal acknowledged he had been beaten by the better fighter but said he would learn from his loss . "  He 's a great champion . These two fights will help take me to the next level . I learned a lot from Bernard and his style "	Bernard Hopkins claims WBC light heavyweight title from Jean Pascal At 46 years , 126 days , Hopkins is boxing 's oldest world champion Legendary heavyweight George Foreman previously held the record
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- An advisory panel is recommending a major step up in protection for health workers dealing with patients suspected or confirmed to have H1N1 influenza . One expert says that based on current knowledge , N95 respirators offer health workers the best protection . The Institute of Medicine said Thursday , in recommendations requested by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , that loose paper masks are inadequate because the workers could still breathe in the virus . Instead , health workers should switch to N95 respirators that form an airtight seal around the nose and mouth . If properly fitted and worn correctly , N95 respirators filter out at least 95 percent of particles as small as 0.3 micrometers , which is smaller than influenza viruses , the report notes . The institute provides independent , evidence-based advice to policymakers , health professionals , private entities and the public . It is one of four groups that make up the National Academies . The study released Thursday was requested by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration . "  Scientists do not know to what extent flu viruses spread through the air or whether infection requires physical contact with contaminated fluids or surfaces , " a summary of the report says . It calls for "  a boost in research to answer these questions and to design and develop better protective equipment that would enhance workers ' comfort , safety and ability to do their jobs . " "  Based on what we currently know about influenza , well-fitted N95 respirators offer health care workers the best protection against inhalation of viral particles , " said committee chairman Kenneth Shine , executive vice chancellor for health affairs at the University of Texas in Austin . He is a former president of the institute . "  But there is a lot we still do n't know about these viruses , and it would be a mistake for anyone to rely on respirators alone as some sort of magic shield . " Health care workers should use several strategies to guard against infection , such as innovative triage processes , washing hands , disinfecting , wearing gloves , getting vaccinated and using antiviral drugs , Shine said . The institute was asked specifically to evaluate personal protective equipment designed to guard against respiratory infection , and therefore the committee focused on the efficacy of medical masks and respirators .	Panel recommends health care workers wear N95 respirators for H1N1 patients N95 respirators form an airtight seal around the nose and mouth They filter out at least 95 percent of particles as small as 0.3 micrometers Report says it is not known to what extent flu viruses spread through the air
CNN  -- The mystery barge in San Francisco Bay is indeed a Google project , and houses a fancy , floating showroom for Google Glass and other products , a CNN affiliate is reporting . According to KPIX-TV in San Francisco , the barge structure will become one of a small fleet of luxury event spaces , complete with a party deck for invitation-only visitors . The station cited "  multiple sources " including at least one who has been aboard the barge , and said it was dreamed up at Google X , the company 's secret facility where engineers have cooked up projects like Google Glass and a self-driving car . The facility is constructed from interchangeable shipping containers and is designed to be disassembled and transported via barge or train to other locations , a source said . At least two other similar barges , including one in the Portland , Maine , harbor , also have been spotted since the "  mystery barge " -- docked at a pier on Treasure Island , just east of San Francisco -- first made headlines earlier this week . All of them are marked by the letters "  BAL " and four numbers . An unnamed tenant that moved into a hangar on Treasure Island on August 1 goes by the handle , "  By And Large " -- possibly a playful reference to the corporation in the Pixar movie "  Wall-E . " The fancy barges will be an effort by Google to upstage rival Apple 's stylized retail stores , a source said . In a statement , the U.S. Coast Guard confirmed it is working with the barges ' owners to make sure the floating structures have the proper permits and permissions to operate in the bay . But it did n't say much else . "  Regardless of the company or entity involved , the Coast Guard has an obligation to protect sensitive proprietary information , as a company 's competitive posture and business interests depend on it , " said the branch of the U.S. military in the brief statement . Google Glass , worn like regular glasses , has a high-resolution display and lets wearers use voice commands to shoot photos or videos and access features like e-mail , text messaging , Google Maps , Google search and a handful of other apps . It is currently being tested by about 10,000 "  Explorers , " who paid $ 1,500 for the glasses . That program is being expanded . This week , Google announced current testers may invite up to three friends , as well as a planned rollout of a new version of Google Glass . If the reports about the barges are true , it may take some time before the project is officially confirmed . Google has declined to comment on the reports . And a shroud of secrecy has cloaked the entire proceedings . A sign outside the By And Large hangar on Treasure Island has a sign saying that all visitors must hand over their cellphones , cameras , and other recording devices . San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee is also among those in the dark . "  They 've kept a secret from me as well , " he told KPIX .	San Francisco barge structure confirmed as showcase for Google Glass , sources say CNN affiliate KPIX reports structure will be high-end showrooms for Glass eyewear Three similar barges , including one in Maine , have been spotted Whatever is on the barge has been shrouded in mystery
CNN  -- A worker operating a machine in a family workshop in China accidentally cut off his hand -- which doctors were able to save by grafting it onto his lower calf . The worker , Xie Wei , said he was initially unsure if his right hand could be saved , but he thought it was worth a try . The hand went without a blood supply for many hours while Xie searched for a hospital that could perform such a surgery . Xie said that he went to local hospitals near the factory first , but he said they told him they "  did not have the skills to help . " Eventually he found a hospital about two hours away where doctors believed they could do it . Xie kept his hand in a plastic bag at first , then stored it in a cooler of ice . In total , it took about seven hours to get to a doctor who could help . The doctor , Dr. Tang Juyu , is a specialist in difficult tissue and wound repair cases . Before Xie went into the operation , Tang told him he was optimistic and predicted he would regain the use of his hand , according to Xie . Tang decided the best way to save the hand was to attach it to Xie 's calf where there was a good blood supply . The hand would need to stay there until Xie 's arm could fully heal . Tang believes there have been about 20 such cases in all of China and all of them have been successful . There is no data , as only case studies have been performed . Tang said in a similar operation in 2004 , he grafted a hand onto a patient 's belly . That operation was a success . When Xie woke up from the operation he said he was surprised to find his hand on his calf . He says his first reaction at the time was to think it was "  unbelievable " and "  weird . " The hand itself felt warm , he said , but it was numb since no nerves were connected and only blood vessels were attached . His leg felt no different , he said , but was "  heavier than usual . " After about a month his arm was better healed , and he had another surgery where his hand was reattached . Tang says this second stage of the operation is actually more challenging , but everything went smoothly . Xie has recovered without complications and has been discharged . He is currently resting at home . He said he can twist his wrist to a certain degree , but does n't have full movement with his fingers , at least not yet . Doctors told him a full recovery for the nerves in his hand should take about six months . Xie said he is n't sure what his future may bring . Today he is concentrating on recovering fully . The factory did pay for his operation , which cost about 300,000 Chinese yuan , or about $ 49,400 . Most of all , Xie said , he is thankful to doctors for "  living up to their promise " that they would be able to reattach his hand and make it functional again . CNN 's April Ma and Susan Wang in Beijing contributed to this report .	Man cut off hand at work and searched for a surgeon for 7 hours The surgeon attached it to his calf where there was a good blood supply There have been about 20 such successful operations in all of China
CNN  -- Journalism sometimes has a bit of a short-term memory problem . If something did n't happen , or was n't written , this day , this hour , this minute , then it 's easy for us Internet writers to pretend it did n't happen . Or to forget about it and move on to the next post . The problem with this myopia , of course , is that history is a wise teacher , and all good reporting should build on a thoughtful understanding of the past and the present . That 's why I 'm asking for your help in creating a list of "  must-reads " on the subject of income inequality . That topic , which you voted for me to cover as part of the Change the List project , has been examined thoughtfully by countless writers , philosophers , historians , politicians , journalists , Web designers and documentarians . As I embark on a series about inequality in the United States , it makes sense to survey the smart , exciting works already out there . Why not make the creation of this must-read list a collective , public experiment ? Hopefully , we all can benefit from the process , and the list will be public so others can learn from it , too . Submit your top picks via these Facebook or Google + posts -- and make the case for why your favorite book , doc or website should be included . You can also leave a comment at the bottom of the page here if you prefer . My plan is to compile a list of 99  or so  must-reads from your submissions . * I 'm using the term "  must-read " loosely . I think the list should include books and articles as well as thoughtful websites , charts , videos or documentaries . To get things started , here are 10 of my picks , in no particular order : 1 . "  Inequality.Is " - This website from the Economic Policy Institute is the best online primer I 've found . It explains why inequality is a problem , how it was created and what might fix it . 2 . "  A Theory of Justice " - The 1971 book by the late John Rawls is often cited as the philosophical basis for opposing income inequality . It 's a dense book , but thought-provoking . 3 . "  Park Avenue " - A documentary by Oscar winner Alex Gibney . It uses the famous New York avenue as a metaphor for American inequality ; Park Avenue is home to both extreme wealth , in Manhattan , and extreme poverty , in the Bronx . 4 . "  The Great Divergence " - Journalist Timothy Noah argues , as his book 's description says , that growing inequality "  may be the most important change in this country during our lifetimes -- a drastic , elemental change in the character of American society , and not at all for the better . " 5 . "  Wealth Inequality in America " - Chances are you 're one of the 6.8 million people who has viewed this YouTube video . It 's based on the work of Harvard 's Mike Norton . 6 . "  Inequality and New York 's Subway " - A New Yorker interactive , which maps median income levels by subway stops in New York . The power is in its minimalism . Take a look at the 2 train map . It passes through neighborhoods with median incomes of $ 205,192 and $ 13,750 . 7 . "  Nickel and Dimed " - A first-person journey by writer Barbara Ehrenreich , who agreed to try to make a living doing jobs that required no higher education or specialized skills . 8 . "  Born Rich " - Jamie Johnson , from the wealthy Johnson & Johnson family , directed this documentary about his own life and the lives of his super-rich friends and acquaintances . It reveals a fascinating and complicated picture of wealth in modern America . 9 . -LSB- Untitled letter -RSB- - In March 2013 , 90 "  economists , academics and development experts " sent a letter to a panel tasked by the United Nations with creating a post-2015 development agenda . The experts argue income inequality should be a global priority , in part , because "  inequalities threaten our ability to pursue fair and sustainable development as much as they threaten eradication of extreme poverty . " 10 . "  The Spirit Level " - Written by two epidemiologists , Richard Wilkinson and Kate Pickett , this book makes a strong , statistics-based argument that ugly social problems -- from obesity to incarceration rates -- are associated with unequal societies . Better health and well-being would follow , they argue , if our societies were made to be more equal . This quickly thrown-together list has plenty of limitations . It focuses almost entirely on the United States , particularly New York . All these works were published in 1971 or later , which is a huge weakness of my list . Most of them presuppose inequality is a problem , or set out to prove that it is . So , conservatives , skeptics , historians , literary types and international readers : Help me get some diversity going here ! I look forward to your submissions , and thanks in advance for the help with this project . * Readers of The Atlantic may notice that this concept of a crowdsourced must-read list is based on Alexis Madrigal 's "  Tech Canon , " which he compiled in a similar manner in 2010 . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	John Sutter is covering income inequality for the Change the List project Help him compile a list of 99 "  must-reads " on income inequality Submit your top picks on Facebook , Google + or in the comments below Readers voted for Sutter to cover this topic as part of Change the List
Istanbul  CNN  -- Over the last six months , Iran has evaded U.S. sanctions by importing Turkish gold to pay for billions of dollars worth of energy sales to Turkey . Turkey 's deputy prime minister has described what amounts to a gold-for-oil barter system . Read more : Turkey : Facing a soft landing or serious turbulence ? "  Why did , all of the sudden , Turkey 's gold exports , especially gold bullion , go up ? " Ali Babacan asked while speaking before a parliamentary budget commission this month . The official transcript of his statements was published by a Turkish government website Wednesday . "  An important part of that is Iran , " he said . "  When Turkey buys Iranian oil , we pay for it in Turkish lira . ... However , it is not possible for Iran to take that money as dollars into its own country due to international restrictions , the U.S.A. 's sanctions . Therefore , when Iran can not take this money back as currency , they withdraw Turkish lira and buy gold from our market . They take the gold back to their own country . " Read more : Turkey boom dampened by Europe 's troubles According to Turkish government statistics , Iran has imported billions of dollars worth of gold from Turkey since it was ejected from the SWIFT international electronic banking system in March . Babacan 's rhetorical question and answer resolved suspicions that Turkish economists have had for months , after they noticed an enormous spike in Turkey 's gold exports to Iran in April . CNN Blog : Turkey 's changing world "  Our gold has always been there , the Iranians never paid any attention to it up until the last year when they were kicked out of the SWIFT banking system , " said Atilla Yesilada , an economic analyst with Global Source Turkey . The Turkish government reported that Iran leapt to first place among Turkey 's export markets in April . That month , Turkey exported $ 1.2 billion in gold to Iran , a 438.2 % jump from the previous year . "  Turkey is the big hole , the big gap in the wall of sanctions , " Yesilada said . He was pointing to the U.S.-led campaign to impose an economic blockade on Iran . Many economists say Washington has effectively declared economic war on Iran because of disagreements over its controversial nuclear program . The U.S. accuses Iran of secretly trying to develop nuclear weapons , charges that Tehran has long denied . Read more : Press freedoms watchdog slams Turkish government Since the sanctions have been unilaterally imposed by Washington , Turkey is not breaking any international law by trading oil for gold with Iran . But in doing so , the Turks risk incurring the wrath of the U.S. government , an important military and political ally . "  At the end of July , the President issued an order that authorizes Treasury to impose sanctions on anyone who helps the Government of Iran acquire U.S. dollars or precious metals , including gold , " a U.S. Treasury Department spokesman wrote to CNN this week , on condition he not be named . "  We ca n't comment on any investigations that may be ongoing . " Economists say the gold-for-oil trade shows the sanctions are hurting Iran . "  This is very , very 19th century , taking gold around to manage your international sanctions , " said Djavad Salehi-Isfahani , a professor of economics at the Virginia Polytechnic Institute . "  Iran lost its ability to sell oil , get electronic credit and use that to buy other stuff . " There has been a great deal of speculation about how the gold is physically being transferred from Turkey to Iran . Those questions extend also to the United Arab Emirates . In August , Turkish government statistics show that the UAE suddenly replaced Iran as Turkey 's chief export market . However , the main Turkish export to the UAE was gold -- $ 1.9 billion worth in August alone . Dubai has traditionally been the world 's most important economic gateway to Iran . In his appearance before the parliamentary commission , Deputy Prime Minister Babacan declined to comment on the logistics of the gold shipments . Instead , unconfirmed stories have swirled in the Turkish media of gold bullion being hand-carried out of the country in suitcases . "  We need to be more transparent about what Iran is doing with those gold bars , which apparently are being transported by physical couriers using 50-kilo  110-pound  bags , which is the limit of how much gold you can take out of Turkey , " said Yesilada , the Turkish economist . "  There are really several James Bondian-like aspects to this , which no government would engage in , in an official or commercial transaction . " "  The picture looks like a James Bond movie . You have individuals with black suitcases carrying gold , " said Behzad Yaghmaian , an Iranian-American political economist at Ramapo College . "  This could not have happened in any form without the knowledge of the Turkish state . This amount could not have left the country to go to Iran without the state knowing about it . " The Turkish government has not responded to a written request from CNN to comment on the gold trade . Some concerned observers worry the economic intrigue threatens to draw attention from the growing impact the U.S.-led sanctions are having on ordinary Iranians . "  Sanctions are a form of collective punishment on the Iranian people , " said Yaghmaian , the author of "  Social Change in Iran : An Eyewitness Account of Dissent , Defiance and New Movements for Rights . " "  Iranians who oppose the Islamic Republic  of Iran  , who have been under pressure by the Islamic Republic , who have been subjected to different forms of violence by the Islamic Republic , are once again facing a new form of violence that is economic violence . " Iranians have watched their buying power collapse over the last year , as the value of the Iranian rial plunged . There have also been reports of shortages of foreign pharmaceuticals and medical supplies , since Iranian companies have found it next to impossible to pay foreign suppliers because of restrictions on international banking .	Deputy prime minister describes what amounts to a gold-for-oil barter system Government says Iran has imported billions of dollars worth of gold from Turkey since March In April , Turkey exported $ 1.2 billion in gold to Iran , a 438.2 % jump from the previous year Economists say the gold-for-oil trade shows the U.S.-led sanctions are hurting Iran
CNN  -- In kindergarten , Owen Kellogg came home sobbing one day because another boy at school had told him that he had a peanut , and that he was going to force Owen to eat it . Owen , now 7 , is allergic to peanuts and tree nuts , said his mother , Haylee Kellogg of Cedar Hills , Utah . In reality , the taunting boy did not have a peanut , but Owen did n't know that -- he just knew that eating a peanut could make him stop breathing . It 's hard for parents of food-allergic children to keep them safe at school when there are so many opportunities to eat snacks and meals with unsafe ingredients . For some kids , just touching a certain food or inhaling particles of it could cause a reaction . But on top of the safety question is a social one . A study released last week suggests that almost half of children who have food allergies have been bullied -- sometimes by having food thrown at them . "  Clearly , it 's an issue for these school-aged children in terms of how they interact with their peers , " said Dr. Clifford Bassett , director of Allergy & Asthma Care of New York . "  Immediately , when there 's a diagnosis of food allergy , there 's a little bit of a stigma . " The new study furthers the mounting evidence that many kids with food allergies may endure social ostracism while also trying to eat safely . A 2010 study in the journal Annals of Allergy , Asthma & Immunology said that 35 % of kids over age 5 with food allergies have endured bullying , teasing or harassment . Parents of children with food allergies reported in the study that these incidents -- both physical and verbal -- happened because of food allergies . Food allergy is a growing problem in young people . As many as 8 % of children in the United States have at least one food allergy , according to research data . There is no cure for food allergies . The only way to stop a life-threatening reaction , called anaphylaxis , is an epinephrine auto-injector , which allergists recommend that everyone with severe food allergies should carry . Allergists offer skin or blood tests to see what specific foods may cause reactions , but they can not know how severe those reactions will be -- some people may have only mild symptoms , while others may stop breathing . How to ensure no schoolchild dies of an allergy attack Negotiating school safety Owen 's family moved nearly 30 miles from Spanish Fork , Utah , to Lehi , Utah , when Owen was in kindergarten , so that they could live in a school district with some peanut-free accommodations . Peanut products are n't sold at lunch at Owen 's school , said Kellogg . When Kellogg learned about the peanut taunting incident , she went to see the school principal . The result was that the other boy , who had also been bullying other kids , was moved to a different classroom . At the bus stop , Kellogg met the woman partly responsible for food allergy awareness at Owen 's school : Jessica Norton , whose 11-year-old daughter Grace is allergic to peanuts , soy and various kinds of beans . Grace is the only one of three siblings who has food allergies ; so is Owen . When Grace was in first grade , she had to eat her lunch in the principal 's office on days that the school served peanut butter , to avoid a reaction from coming into contact with it . This solution was not optimal , in Norton 's view . She petitioned the school district to stop serving peanut products , and was successful . Like Owen , Grace also experienced bullying because of her allergy . A boy would often chase Grace around with peanut butter in hand -- once , he touched her face with it , making her break out in hives . She only told her parents a couple of months after it stopped happening . These days , she does n't get picked on that way , Norton said . "  I think she can , kind of , stand up for herself now , and will stand up for herself now , " Norton said . Standing up to other adults Norton was surprised by the negative reactions reflected in the CNN.com reader comments about provisions for allergic kids in schools . In a story about the recent bullying study , user "  Brad Heddan " wrote , in response to one reader , "  how about you keep your sickly kid home ? That is what homeschooling is for .  ...  we do n't have to accommodate your sick kid . " And "  lorie " wrote , "  Many allergies can be life threatening . It is completely unfair and ridiculous to expect 400 other families to change their eating habits because you ca n't teach your kid not to touch someone else 's food . " These sentiments were also seen on the comment board on a 2010 story about food allergy bullying . At that time , Norton chimed in explaining Grace 's school 's situation and adding , "  My only thought is this , teaching children compassion for others is a good thing . And frankly , it seems a lot of adults that have made comments on here could use a little compassion too . ' Norton has not felt that level of backlash from her efforts to keep Grace safe in her own community . A few parents have made remarks of the "  Why do we have to accommodate your daughter ? " variety , but generally everyone has been kind and supportive . "  We 're talking about life and death here , " says Norton . "  If it were their child 's life , they would do everything they could to make sure their child 's life is protected . " Making people understand Communication with teachers , administrators , coaches , and the school nurse is key to ensuring that a food-allergic child does well , in terms of staying safe from allergens and psychologically speaking , Bassett said . It 's also important to talk to a child about bullying , which can have serious psychological consequences , such as anxiety , Bassett said . It 's harder to get teenagers to not take risks when it comes to avoiding problem foods and always carrying the epinephrine auto-injector , Bassett said . "  Unfortunately the adolescent and child psyche is very sensitive to what people think and say and do , " he said . Kellogg is proactive about getting Owen 's peers to understand his situation . Every school year , on the first day , Kellogg takes a book called "  Allie the Allergic Elephant : A Children 's Story of Peanut Allergies . " The teacher reads this book to the children in the class so that they better understand what it means to have food allergies . She also brings allergy-safe treats to keep in the classroom so that Owen can have them if someone brings in unsafe sweets to celebrate a birthday . He carries an epinephrine auto-injector with him . "  School is the scariest thing for me because a lot of people just do n't understand how serious it could be , " Kellogg said . Norton also has a routine for the beginning of Grace 's school year : Talking to the teacher about foods and determining where the epinephrine auto-injector should be kept . The classroom policy is that if kids ate peanuts for lunch , they are supposed to wash their hands . She and her husband John told their son Jack , who is Owen 's age , to keep an eye out for Owen when they were attending the same school -- to tell a teacher if he were being teased . Jack and Owen are still friends . "  I just did n't want anyone picking on him and if you have friend who will stand up for you , it makes a big difference , " Norton said . Food allergy treatment shows promise A table of their own ? When it comes to what the best course of action is in terms of protection from allergens , the plan should be individualized , Bassett said . You want to shield children from harm , but you also want to let kids be kids , he said . The Kelloggs moved to Cedar Hills in May . At Owen 's new school , there is a special table where children with common allergies can -- in theory -- sit together for lunch , isolated from kids who bring food that would be unsafe for the allergic group . Owen sat at the table for the first couple of days of school this year , alone . Back that the regular lunch table , Owen takes several precautions . He owns his own lunch box and does n't put food on the table . He has antibacterial napkins so he can wipe contaminants off the area where he sits . And he knows what peanut butter looks like and smells like , so he can avoid it . However , Kellogg said she believes Owen 's school can do more to raise awareness and practice caution regarding food allergies . "  I 'm going to have to be the Jessica Norton in this school , and go in and make it known that they have to do a little bit more to protect these kids , " Kellogg said . When Valentine 's Day is dangerous for kids Does your child have food allergies ? What 's your strategy for allergy protection at school ?	Studies show that many kids with food allergies are bullied About 8 % of U.S. kids have at least one food allergy Talk to your allergist to develop an action plan
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- A car bomb detonated in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi on Saturday , causing material damage but no casualties , local officials said . The Benghazi Local Council said in a statement that the rigged car detonated in al-Majuri district outside a school used as a training center for local municipal elections . The blast damaged vehicles and nearby buildings , according to the council . The Benghazi Local Council said it holds the government and the Interior Ministry responsible for what it described as the "  dire situation " that has "  plagued " the city for a while with the lack of security highlighted by killings and bombings . In recent weeks there has been an uptick in violence in the city , most notably in an assassination campaign that has primarily targeted members of the security forces , most of whom held positions under the former regime Over the past week at least four senior members of the security forces , including the head of the country 's military police , have been assassinated in Benghazi . In a report released by Human Rights Watch in August , the watchdog reported the death of more than 50 people in what it said was a "  broadening wave of political assassinations " focused mostly in the eastern cities of Derna and Benghazi . But in its report , Human Rights Watch said the number of those killed "  is probably higher . " No group has claimed responsibility for these attacks , and there has been public outrage in the city over what activists and residents say is a lack of accountability . So far no one has been brought to justice in the escalating violence in Benghazi . This week Libyans marked the second anniversary of the fall of the Moammar Gadhafi regime , but many Libyans are concerned about the deteriorating security and the increasing power of the hundreds of militias with different regional and political loyalties that continue to operate freely in the country . Following last year 's attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi that left four Americans dead , including Ambassador Chris Stevens , and a series of attacks targeting foreign diplomatic missions , there has been concern about the growing presence and activity of Islamist militant groups , some with ties to al Qaeda , mostly in the eastern part of the country . The weakness of Libya 's central government and its inability to build an army and police force was underscored this month with the kidnapping of the country 's prime minister by a militia force that seized him for a few hours before releasing him . Amid the growing concerns about the situation in the north African nation , NATO on Monday said it had agreed to Libya 's request for the alliance to provide advice on defense institution building . NATO said it will create a "  a small advisory team to conduct this effort . " Many Libyans welcomed the move , but said this was something Western powers should have done two years ago following their military campaign that led to the overthrow of the regime .	A car bomb damaged buildings in Benghazi The Benghazi Local Council holds the government responsible for the violence There has been an uptick in attacks
CNN  What do we have for the contestant on "  The Price Is Right " ? A brand-new car ! Whoops . That was n't supposed to happen . On Thursday 's edition of the popular game show , model Manuela Arbelaez accidentally revealed the correct answer to a guessing game for a new Hyundai Sonata . Host Drew Carey could n't stop laughing . "  Congratulations ! Manuela just gave you a car ! " he exulted . Arbelaez was mortified , attempting to hide behind the display . But everything turned out OK , she tweeted later . It 's been a busy week for "  The Price Is Right . " On Wednesday , former host Bob Barker , 91 , showed up to run his old show .	"  The Price Is Right " gives away a car ... accidentally A model makes a big mistake during a game Host Drew Carey thought the error was hilarious
New York  CNN  -- Just as it has happened for more than a century as the old year ticks toward history , a large crowd will gather Friday night in New York 's Times Square to mark the old and the new with the descent of an iconic ball . The dazzling crystal ball will begin its 70-foot descent precisely at 11:59 p.m. ET to the chants of New Year 's Eve revelers counting down the final seconds of 2010 , according to the event 's official website . Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Medal of Honor recipient Staff Sgt. Salvatore A. Giunta will push a button to start the ball toward 2011 . Weighing in at 11,875 pounds with a diameter of 12 feet , the sparkling sphere is covered with 2,668 triangular crystals and is powered by 32,256 LED lights . By mixing red , blue , green and white light elements , the ball 's lighting system is capable of producing a kaleidoscopic array of 16 million hues and colors , and billions of patterns , the event 's website says . Each giant New Year 's numeral making up "  2-0-1-1 " will stand 7 feet high and the numerals will use a total 453 9-watt LED bulbs . As in the past three years , the numerals were designed to be more energy efficient , as Duracell set up a lab in which visitors rode stationary bikes to provide the stored battery power that will light the numbers on the ball Friday night . More than one ton of confetti will be released at midnight , with personal individual wishes written in more than 25 languages , a tradition from the past three years . Times Square has served as one of the most popular sites of New Year 's festivities since 1904 , though the New Year 's Eve ball made its inaugural drop down the flagpole at One Times Square in 1907 . That first ball , built with iron and wood , featured one hundred light bulbs and was designed by Jacob Starr , a young immigrant metalworker . The New Year 's Eve ball has beamed and dropped every year since with the exceptions of 1942 and 1943 , when the United States was embroiled in World War II and New York City observed a citywide "  dim-out " to cut energy costs . According to New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly , this New Year 's Eve celebration , like years in the past , is a product of a lot of hard work and planning by many people . "  We do n't ever take it for granted , " Kelly said . "  The situation changes somewhat , we have sort of a core plan but we always add to it or change it -- we do n't want to get stuck in a rut where we simply take a plan off the shelf . " iReport : Times Square readies for the crowds As in previous years , security will be tight . Times Square will be closed to traffic at approximately 3 p.m. on Friday . Backpacks and alcohol are prohibited at the event and party-goers can expect a beefed-up police presence , according to the statement from the New York Police Department . "  It is a big complex operation and you know you always breathe a sigh of relief when it 's over , " Kelly said .	Since 1907 , a ball-drop in Times Square has marked the changing of the year This year , the ball will have lights that can mix to produce millions of colors More than a ton of confetti will be released at midnight
CNN  -- The weekend 's battle between two big-budget science fiction adventures was n't quite as close as expected . Disney Animation 's "  Big Hero 6 " scored a solid win , with the tale of a boy and his inflatable robot ringing up an estimated $ 56.2 million in ticket sales . Ads for the movie played up the connection to the studio 's recent hits , including "  Wreck-It Ralph " and especially "  Frozen . " The Christopher Nolan space epic "  Interstellar " could n't keep pace , bringing in an estimated $ 50 million -- and most observers think that number is more likely to fall than to rise when final numbers are released Monday afternoon . Matthew McConaughey stars as the pilot of a space expedition which leaves a dying Earth to search for a new home for humanity . How good is ` Interstellar ' ? If the "  Interstellar " total holds , it 'll be just the fourth time that two films debuted with $ 50 million or more in the same weekend . Each time that 's happened , the animated film beat the live-action effort : "  WALL-E " won out over "  Wanted " in 2008 ; "  Madagascar 3 " beat "  Prometheus " in 2012 ; and "  Monsters U. " surpassed "  World War Z " in 2013 . Hollywood number-crunchers will have a field day with this weekend 's data : How did the extra money from IMAX tickets for "  Interstellar " compare with the premium on 3D tickets for "  Big Hero 6 " ? And what about the discounted child tickets for the Disney flick ? There 's also the fact that "  Interstellar " is a full hour longer -- so did that mean more showings for "  Hero , " leading to more tickets sold ? One set of stats sums it up : "  Hero " opened in 200 more theaters , but still averaged nearly $ 1,000 more per theater . In short , more people simply wanted to see "  Big Hero 6 . " Moviegoers also still want to see "  Gone Girl " as well . The drama starring Ben Affleck continues to have a long box office tail , staying in the Top 5 in its sixth weekend and closing in on $ 150 million in domestic grosses . In limited release , "  The Theory of Everything , " starring Oscar favorite Eddie Redmayne as Stephen Hawking , opened very strong : an estimated $ 206,000 in just five theaters . With "  Dumb and Dumber To " and "  Beyond The Lights " the only new wide releases next weekend , it 's likely "  Hero " and "  Interstellar " each will have one more shot at No. 1 ; then "  The Hunger Games : Mockingjay Part 1 " figures to blow everyone else out of the water when it opens on November 21 . Here are the weekend domestic box office estimates from Exhibitor Relations Co. , with final numbers available Monday afternoon : 1 . "  Big Hero 6 " -- $ 56.2 million 2 . "  Interstellar " -- $ 50 million 3 . "  Gone Girl " -- $ 6.1 million  $ 145.4 million total 4 . "  Ouija " -- $ 6 million  $ 43.5 million total 5 . "  St. Vincent " -- $ 5.7 million  $ 27.4 million total	"  Big Hero 6 " ads played up connection to "  Wreck-It Ralph " and "  Frozen " "  Interstellar " had a ton of pre-release hype , but could n't match "  Hero 6 " When live-action and animated films debut head-to-head , animation usually wins
CNN  -- Two more people in China have died from the H7N9 bird flu virus , raising the country 's death toll to five , state-run news agency Xinhua reported Thursday , citing Shanghai health officials . H7N9 is a strain of avian flu not detected in humans before China 's recent cases , which the country began reporting on Sunday . Fourteen human cases of H7N9 -- all in eastern China -- have now been reported , according to Xinhua . "  We do n't know yet where the humans got their virus from , " said Dr. Joseph Bresee , who heads the epidemiology and prevention branch in the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's influenza division . The virus has not been shown to spread easily between humans , he added . The two most recent deaths happened Wednesday in Shanghai hospitals . All but one of the five deaths have occurred in that city . One of Wednesday 's deaths was that of a 48-year-old poultry transporter who , although he died in Shanghai , lived in nearby Jiangsu province , Xinhua reported . The three previously reported deaths were : two men -- ages 27 and 87 -- who lived in Shanghai , and a 38-year-old man who lived in Zhejiang province but worked in Jiangsu province , according to state-run news agency Xinhua . The CDC is working closely with Chinese authorities trying to find the source of the human infections , Bresee said . "  There are lots of things happening at CDC to prepare for this virus , " Bresee said . "  State health departments are readying themselves just in case , " and researchers are working on developing a vaccine for this strain , he said . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	NEW : CDC official says agency working with Chinese to find source Two people died of H7N9 virus on Wednesday in Shanghai , state-run news agency reports All of the country 's 14 cases were reported in eastern China H7N9 is a strain of avian flu not previously detected in humans
CNN  -- A package of measures designed to improve the safety of the UK 's Grand National steeplechase have been announced by British horse racing authorities . Details of changes to the start and modification to fences were published Thursday by Aintree Racecourse and the British Horseracing Authority  BHA  following the deaths of two horses during this year 's race last April . "  Following this year 's race , our priorities were to establish the facts surrounding the incidents that occurred during the running of the race and , secondly , to review the events which led to what was an unsatisfactory start to the race , " Jamie Stier , Director of Raceday Operations and Regulation for the BHA , said in a statement . "  We have worked closely with Aintree and consulted widely with jockeys , trainers and legitimate welfare organizations - the RSPCA  a UK-based animal welfare charity  and World Horse Welfare - on a range of elements related to the race , " Stier added . These include moving the start 90 yards  82 meters  away from the crowds and the grandstands . The objective of these changes is to create "  a calmer and more controlled environment for both horse and rider , " Stier says . "  We recognize that there is pressure and tension before the race and we want to alleviate that where possible , " he added . Along with ongoing research into safer fence design , the BHA and Aintree have announced alterations to Becher 's Brook -- the fence where both Synchronized and According to Pete were fatally injured in 2012 . The fence which is jumped twice  6th and 22nd in a total of 30  during the race is having its landing area leveled further , while landing areas at fences four , five and 13 will also see work carried out to smooth out natural undulations . The number of horses allowed to enter the race will remain at 40 . World Horse Welfare welcomed the new commitments to course alterations . "  We are especially encouraged by their program of work on the fences , replacing the hard cores with softer materials to make them more forgiving to the horses . This has the potential to make a big difference to safety , " Roly Owers , chief executive of World Horse Welfare said in a statement . But Owers was disappointed at the lack of action on the size of the field . "  We believe that the number of fallers , unseated riders and horses being brought down by other horses in the National is too high  50 % in 2012  , Owers said . "  While there is clearly no magic formula here , changes need to be made to significantly reduce the faller rate which will reduce the number of injuries , fatalities and loose horses which pose risks to themselves and others on the course . We believe the single most effective way of doing this is to trial a reduction in the field size -- say for three years . "	Organizers of UK 's Grand National announce changes to start position and fences following two fatalities in 2012 Steeplechase run over 30 fences by 40 horses claimed lives of Synchronized and According to Pete Horse welfare charity welcomes course changes but urges a reduction in number of horses allowed to enter
Thousands of residents in the capital of the Gorno-Badakshan region in eastern Tajikistan were trapped Thursday for a third consecutive day without any connection to the outside world , government officials , aid workers and witnesses told CNN . Lola Kassamali , a Tajik who now lives in Seattle , Washington , said she had not been able to reach relatives in Khorog for three days . "  I do n't know what to do , " she said . The cutoff of communications began Tuesday , when fighting erupted in the autonomous region -- also known as Pamir -- after central government forces attempted to arrest a former opposition warlord believed to have been behind the killing of a top security general . Read more : Deadly clashes erupt in Tajikistan Residents of Khorog , the capital of the province of Gorno-Badakhshan , awakened Tuesday to helicopters carrying government forces and flying low over the city near the compound of the former warlord , Tolib Ayombekov , witnesses said . Communication lines , including cell phones and Internet service , were severed . Aid workers , some of whom had satellite telephones , were evacuated . The government accuses Ayombekov 's fighters in last weekend 's killing of Maj. Gen. Abdullo Nazarov , head of the regional branch of the State Committee on National Security , which is a successor to the Soviet KGB . A group of unidentified people stopped Nazarov 's car near Khorog , according to Ria-Novosti , a Russian state-run news service . He was pulled from the car , stabbed several times and died en route to a hospital , according to Ria-Novosti . A spokesman for the government in the Tajik capital of Dushanbe said the killing was "  the last straw . " He said the warlords were troublemakers . In his last public appearance before he went into hiding early this week , Ayombekov told reporters that Nazarov 's security detail had failed to protect him . It was not clear what he meant by that . Apparently , Ayombekov 's forces were prepared for Tuesday 's arrival of government forces looking for him . Residents described continuous gunfire in the city , which borders Afghanistan . The Central Asian News Agency said Ayombekov refused to surrender to police and instigated the attack against government forces . At least 12 soldiers and 30 opposition fighters were killed in the fighting , said a statement from Tajikistan 's security service on Tuesday . Police arrested two suspects but were still seeking Ayombekov , who is the suspected leader of a ring that smuggled tobacco , precious jewels and drugs , the Central Asian News Service said . Until last week , Ayombekov had been working for Nazarov overseeing border security between Tajikistan and Afghanistan , an administration official in Badakhshan told CNN . The official did not want to be identified because he is not allowed to speak to the news media . Tajikistan gained independence with the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 but has been troubled by a five-year civil war that ended in 1997 as well as widespread corruption and poverty , which continue today . Read more : Clinton discusses human rights , regional security in Tajikistan Tensions remain high between the Tajik government in Dushanbe and the warlords -- so-called Komandos -- of Gorno-Badakshan , who are members of the Pamiri ethnic minority . The region was a stronghold of rebels during the civil war , which claimed thousands of lives . The war divided people along ethnic and regional lines , and the Pamiri largely sided with the opposition . A United Nations-brokered peace plan left President Emomali Rakhmon 's secular government in place but gave some of his opponents , including Ayombekov , official jobs . Rakhmon , who has Moscow 's support , has sought to consolidate power and stamp out remnants of the former opposition-turned-warlords . Khorog residents said they had received no warning of this week 's fighting . The official from the Badakhshan administration said residents told him they were not siding with anyone -- they just wanted safe passage out of Pamir . Journalist Mirzojalol Shohjamolov said a group of residents gathered in front of Khorog Square , near the government building , with signs that said : "  Stop military actions in Khorog . " Protests against the military operation were also held in New York , Moscow and the Kyrgyzstan city of Bishkek . In New York , Rustam Nazrisho vowed to demonstrate daily in front of the United Nations until the government of Tajikistan restores communications and offers safe passage out of the region to residents who have been caught up in the violence .	Government forces clash with opposition fighters in Gorno-Badakshan region At least 42 people are killed Tensions run high in the area ; ethnic Pamiris have been at odds with the government The region was a stronghold for Islamist rebels during a bloody civil war
Over the last 20 years , the narrative on the African continent has shifted from Afro-pessimism to Afro-optimism . The truth lies somewhere in between . Now is the time for Afro-realism : for sound policies based on honest data , aimed at delivering results . The potential of our continent is huge . Compared to developed countries , or even to some major emerging countries , burdened by aging populations , financial crises , widening budget deficits , faltering faith in politics and growing social demands , Africa has become the world 's last "  New Frontier " , a kind of "  it-continent " . By the end of this century , half of the world 's young people will be African . Twenty years from now , by 2035 , Africa 's working age population will exceed that of China or India . Youth is our major resource . But our continent also harbors most of the world 's proven mineral reserves : 95 % of platinum , over 75 % of phosphate , 60 % of diamonds , nearly half of cobalt and chromium , more than a quarter of bauxite . Diamonds aside , 90 % of this huge potential remains untapped . In a world of growing food demand , Africa is home to two-thirds of the world 's unexploited arable land . Its solar , water , wind and nuclear energy potential are considerable . Already , over the last 10 years , Africa 's overall GDP growth has reached an annual average of 5.4 % ; more than four times the European Union average . In 2012 , 16 African countries experienced GDP growth in excess of 5 % . The latest iteration of the Ibrahim Index of African Governance shows that 94 % of the population of the continent is now living in a country where the overall level of governance has improved since 2000 . All of this is promising -- but we are still a long way from realizing our potential . Let us first stop talking about "  Africa " as a homogeneous and uniform whole . We are a mosaic of 54 countries , each with its own flag , its own borders , and its own embassies . The African Union , whose 50th anniversary we have just celebrated , is still a long way from European-style Union , with its common market , single currency , supra-national political bodies and common and shared budget . And the road to convergence between the 54 countries is a long one . Without effective economic and political regional integration , we will not carry sufficient weight in this globalized world , no matter how much "  potential " we may have . Only unity , coherence , and internal solidarity will allow us to assert ourselves on the global stage . The building blocks to effective integration are not political declarations , expansive Heads of State Summits or our presence and commitments at impressive multilateral gatherings . The building blocks are the free movement of people , goods and financial resources between our countries . This is the way Europe was built . As we approach Africa with an Afro-realist view , the progress made over the past decade must be understood in a nuanced fashion . The major regional conflicts of the former century have mostly ended . However , the dawn of the new century has also seen a rise in social tension , domestic unrest , and trans-national problems . Terrorist networks have gained geographical ground and widened their operating sectors , often in direct association with large , cross-border criminal networks . Young people are becoming the demographic majority . They are receiving better education than their elders . But they are also more unemployed and out of step with the demands of the global labor market . They are also feeling increasingly disconnected from the political process and devoid of economic prospects -- a trend reflected in the rise in the trafficking and consumption of drugs on the continent . Impressive economic growth is taking place all over the continent . However this coincides with a worrying rise in inequality , which deepens the divisions between countries and within them . Africa has a vast reservoir of natural resources . But to leverage this , and guarantee ownership of the African citizens , much remains to be done : ensuring transparency of contracts , creating local jobs , upgrading the value chain and redistributing wealth . Today , 90 % of Nigeria 's oil is still being exported from the continent , while just 25 % of the sub-Saharan population has access to electricity . We must focus less on international support and more on African unity . While the Marshall Plan was important for Europe 's recovery , Europe 's prosperity was really built on economic integration and policy coherence . Moving from international aid to foreign investment is progress , but it is not enough . We must move towards increasing continental investments on the continent . We must prioritize regional integration ; the reduction of inequality between and within countries ; the employment of our young people and the governance of our natural resources . Our continent has secured its political independence . It is time now to build our autonomy . READ THIS : How access to power can fuel Africa 's growth READ THIS : Innovator calls African diaspora to return	Mo Ibrahim says Africa has become a kind of "  it-continent " However , Africa is still a long way from realizing its potential Recently there has been a rise in social tension , domestic unrest , and transnational issues He calls for effective economic and political regional integration
CNN  -- From the red carpet to the White House , a public figure 's fashion choices convey intent and state of mind . During Tuesday 's presidential debate , the flashbulb-wielding peanut gallery will express more curiosity about health care reform and foreign policy than about who designed Mitt Romney 's ensemble . But while what each candidate is wearing certainly is n't ballot-worthy , neither campaign seems to be taking any chances -- even with something as small as an American flag lapel pin . "  The littlest things can throw a campaign so the candidates tend to keep it safe and let the wives be the peacocks of the campaign , " said Maren Hartman , runway analyst and director of U.S. content for WGSN , a fashion forecasting service . Despite their political leanings , Hartman said both Romney and President Obama tend to lean toward the conservative side when it comes to wardrobe policy . "  When it comes to things like creating brand image where everybody does the same thing or people are consistent , it helps consumers and voters remember who they 're looking at , " said Hartman , calling to mind Steve Jobs ' black turtleneck , jeans and New Balance sneakers ; Mark Zuckerberg 's gray T-shirts ; and even Rick Santorum 's sweater vests . Romney 's campaign-trail uniform of a button-down Oxford shirt with rolled-up sleeves and blue jeans helps disassociate him from the immense personal wealth that has often been a point of contention , said Hartman . Obama , on the other hand , is more likely to appear on the campaign trail in a tailored power suit , rolling his sleeves or taking off his jacket for a more casual look , she said . "  I think he 's much better off in a suit , " iconic American designer Tommy Hilfiger told CNN 's Piers Morgan about President Obama . "  He needs to be in a suit and he 's really professional and proper in a suit and he 's being photographed all the time so he should have his game on . " Meanwhile , Republican vice presidential contender Paul Ryan has been lambasted in heavy-hitting fashion publications like Women 's Wear Daily , Esquire and the New York Times Style Section for his poorly tailored suits . Bruce Pask , the men 's fashion editor of T : The New York Times Style Magazine , told Cathy Horyn , The New York Times fashion critic : "  I think he suffers from the misconception that the size a guy wears directly correlates with his masculinity . In their minds , being a 42 is more manly than a 40 . And yet what actually happens when a guy wears something too big is the obvious : He looks smaller , dwarfed by shoulders that are too big , a shirt collar that is too roomy , lapels that are too wide . " "  I think he looks like an American businessman on a weekend and I think he 's trying to portray that -- I think he wants people to think he 's the guy next door in his dress , so I think he 's accomplishing that , " said Hilfiger of Ryan . Romney , Ryan love North Face . Founder finds that ironic Of course , what the candidates ' wives wear gets even more scrutiny . "  I think Michelle Obama brought back that focus on fashion and the first lady having a look -- and that trickles over to the men as well , " said Hartman . Although style mavens generally tend to covet the first lady 's ensembles , Michelle Obama did receive heavy criticism when she opted for an Alexander McQueen gown for a 2011 state dinner with Chinese President Hu Jintao , instead of a more diplomatic choice of an Asian-American designer . And long before Big Bird took center stage during the last presidential debate , another yellow bird ruffled a few feathers . In May , Ann Romney faced a backlash after sporting an off-the-rack $ 990 Reed Krakoff T-shirt with a prominent yellow bird design during an interview on CBS 's "  This Morning . " Critics called her choice to wear such an expensive staple item "  out of touch . " According to Emily Barnett , a Parsons School of Design assistant professor , color choice is also powerful visual tool -- whether viewers know it or not . McDonald 's is one of the most famous examples of color theory with its branded combination of yellow and red . Red is known to illicit feelings of hunger while yellow tends to convey a sense of rush ; a fitting combination for a fast food chain . Barnett said since the late Tim Russert of "  Meet the Press " popularized the concept of red  Republican  and blue  Democrat  states , who wears what color tie has been a very circumscribed choice . In the most recent debate , Romney opted for a red , diagonally striped tie while Obama opted for a blue tie with a very minimal pattern . Romney 's choice of diagonals was smart , said Barnett because diagonals imply "  a strong sense of movement . " Obama 's small , muted pattern fell in line with his more laid back performance in the debate , she said . As for the wives , Barnett said both women made smart wardrobe choices for the last debate , including the first lady 's choice of a warmer blue suit . "  That kind of color is a symbol to her loyalty , " said Barnett -- very fitting on debate night , but also the couple 's 20th wedding anniversary . Ann , keeping with the patriotic red , white and blue palette , opted for an ivory suit . "  That 's a color that in scientific terms reflects all colors and it also references a fresh , new outlook and peace , " said Barnett . For Tuesday 's debate , Barnett predicts the candidates will stick with the same tie colors but opt for hints of the opposing color -- to promote a more bipartisanship , moderate tone in a tight election . Do you pay attention to what the candidates and their spouses are wearing ? How much of an impact does it make on your opinion of them ? Share your thoughts in the comments below . "  Like " CNN Living on Facebook	Mitt Romney and President Obama both lean toward a conservative wardrobe Romney has dressed down on the campaign trail , perhaps to show he 's a normal guy Both sides have received backlash over fashion flubs , Paul Ryan in particular Fashion insider : Ann Romney and Michelle Obama are "  the peacocks of the campaign "
CNN  -- 3-D printers are currently being used or explored by a multitude of industries -- from printing toys and automotive parts to meat and even houses . In medicine , they are already used to print prosthetic limbs and make patient-specific models of body parts that surgeons can use as guides during reconstructive surgery . It 's no surprise , then , that scientists around the world are investigating whether living cells can be used to print replacement organs and tissues . 3-D printing is an exciting technology that I except to play a significant role as scientists expand their ability to engineer tissues and organs in the lab . What many people do n't realize , however , is that the printer itself is not the "  magic " ingredient for making lab-built organs a reality . Instead , printers are a vehicle for scaling up and automating a process that must begin at the laboratory bench . Before any organ can be engineered -- whether it 's printed or built by hand -- there is much groundwork that must be accomplished . Vital to the process is a thorough understanding of cell biology . Scientists must determine not only what types of cells to use , but how to expand them in the lab and how to keep them alive and viable throughout the engineering process . Do they need to be imbedded in biocompatible material ? If so , which biomaterial is most suitable ? The bar for success is high -- the structures we engineer must function like native tissue . Interactive : How 3-D printing will reshape the world Lab-built organs Scientists on multiple teams have already demonstrated that lab-built organs can function quite well in patients . Engineered airways , bladders , blood vessels and urine tubes have been successfully implanted . What these structures have in common is that they are a combination of cells and biomaterials made in the shape of an organ or tissue . In our initial experience engineering tissues , we made these 3-D structures by hand . For example , by suturing a strip of biocompatible material into a tubular shape , we made scaffolds for urine tubes . With a pipette , cells were then added by hand to these structures . 3-D printers , on the other hand , offer the opportunity to very precisely combine cells and materials into the desired shape . The replacement tissue or organ can be designed on a computer using a patient 's medical scans . The computer then controls the printer as it precisely prints the desired shape and determines cell placement . The printers we 've designed give us the option of using two or more different cell types and placing them exactly where they need to be -- something not possible by hand . Read this : Regenerative medicine 's promising future 3-D printers also have the flexibility of using a variety of biomaterials so that cells can be printed in either gel-like or rigid scaffolds , or printed without scaffolds . In addition , structures can be printed without cells , as was the case of a printed airway splint developed by the University of Michigan that saved a young child 's life . An ultimate goal of bioprinting , of course , is to be able to print complex structures such as kidneys that can help solve the shortage of organs available for transplant . While I believe this is achievable , there are many challenges to overcome before this is a reality . Oxygen supply Any large organ structure -- regardless of how it is engineered -- is not like the fully functioning organ harvested from a donor . Instead , even when printed structures are made with living cells , they must "  incubate " in the body to become fully functional . As the scaffold gradually degrades , the cells lay down new tissue -- resulting in a new organ . A major challenge in tissue engineering is to supply these structures with oxygen while they integrate with the body . One possibility is to print small channels into the structures that can be populated with blood vessel cells . Another option might be to print oxygen-producing materials into the scaffolds . While there are many challenges to solve , I believe the printing of complex organs will become reality , but not for decades . Other projects involving bioprinting are further along and closer to benefiting patients . For example , for the military-funded Armed Forces Institute of Regenerative Medicine , our team is working to print smaller tissues , such as bone and muscle , that would be used in facial reconstruction . We are also working to print skin cells directly onto burn wounds . But implantable tissue is not the only way 3-D printing can benefit patients . Our team and others are using 3-D printers to print miniature livers that have the potential to be used for drug testing . In addition , in collaboration with five other institutions , we are working to print miniature hearts , lungs , blood vessels and livers onto "  chips " that will be connected with a blood substitute . Called a "  body on a chip , " the system has the potential to speed up the development of new drugs because it could potentially replace testing in animals , which can be slow , expensive and not always accurate . Bioprinting is a rapidly developing field of science that obviously has many potential applications in medicine . Even five years from now , I suspect researchers will be pursuing potential treatments that are unimaginable today . It is important to remember , though , that the process involves more than putting cells in a cartridge and pressing "  print . " Developments that occur at the laboratory bench are an integral part of the equation and what can be accomplished with printing depends , in large part , on advancements in cell biology and materials science . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Anthony Atala .	Scientists are trying to use living cells to print replacement organs and tissues We will eventually be able to transplant complex printed organs , says Dr. Anthony Atala A major challenge is supplying these structures with oxygen while they integrate with body Dr. Atala and others working to print miniature organs onto "  chips "
CNN  -- Switzerland might not have the magic of Lionel Messi , but in Xherdan Shaqiri it has a player who is desperate to shine on the biggest stage of all . The Bayern Munich star scored a hat-trick to help his nation book a last-16 tie with Messi 's Argentina at the World Cup , following Wednesday 's 3-0 win over Honduras in Manaus . The Swiss finished with six points from three matches , one behind group winner France , which drew 0-0 with Ecuador . France , which faces Group F runner-up Nigeria in the next round , wasted a number of good opportunities against a side which played the majority of the second half with 10 men . Ecuador captain Antonio Valencia was shown a straight red card for a poor tackle on France 's Lucas Digne . Switzerland , ranked sixth in the world , won its opening game before suffering a 5-2 thrashing by the French . But it bounced back against Honduras with the impressive Shaqiri stealing the sow . The diminutive midfielder curled home the opener on six minutes and then ran clear to add his second before the break . Shaqiri then rounded off a counterattack with 19 minutes remaining to seal the win , his third set up by Josip Drmic . It was all too much for Honduras coach Luis Fernando Suarez who told reporters he would leave his role after losing all three group games . "  I am not satisfied by what we achieved at the World Cup , " he said after the game . "  I think the team will have good results in the future . But I think someone can replace me and produce different results . "  Today is the last day of my contract and I have taken the decision unilaterally not to continue . I want to do something else . " While Honduras heads on home , Switzerland will travel to Sao Paulo to face an Argentina side which won all three of its Group F games . France , meanwhile , will take on Nigeria in Brasilia on Monday following a low-key contest with Ecuador . Didier Deschamps ' side had plenty of opportunities to win the game but found Ecuador goalkeeper Alexander Dominguez in inspired form . Dominguez saved from Paul Pogba and Andre Griezemann in the first half as Les Bleus attempted to make the breakthrough . Ecuador , which needed to match Switzerland 's result to qualify for the next stage , then suffered a setback when Valencia was sent off for a reckless , studs-raised tackle . But the South Americans still had the opportunity to win the game when Cristian Noboa ran clear on goal only to fire hopelessly wide . France , which threw on Olivier Giroud in attack , had chances late on to win the game but Pogba headed agonizingly wide .	Switzerland defeats Honduras 3-0 to secure second place Xherdan Shaqiri scores hat-trick to set up Argentina tie Ecuador out of the tournament after goalless draw with France Honduras coach Luis Fernando Suarez resigns
Justin Bieber 's neighbor accused the singer of spitting on him and making threats during a heated confrontation outside his California home Tuesday , a sheriff 's spokesman said . Los Angeles County Sheriff 's deputies are investigating the neighbor 's battery complaint against Bieber , spokesman Steve Whitmore said . Bieber 's representative denied to deputies that the singer spat on or threatened the neighbor , Whitmore said . A member of the singer 's security personnel toldCNN there was no physical contact . "  The neighbor went onto Justin 's property . They exchanged words . The neighbor has had issues before , " the source said . Investigators are also looking into the neighbor 's complaint that Bieber drove his sports car at high speeds through the otherwise quiet streets of his gated Calabasas , California , community , Whitmore said . Bieber had just returned to his California home Tuesday morning after performing in Europe . Bieber , 19 , moved into a $ 6.5 million mansion in The Oaks of Calabasas a year ago . The exclusive community is also home to Michael Jackson 's mother and his three children . The teen pop star went through similar brush with the law last May when a photographer filed a complaint with the sheriff accusing Bieber of misdemeanor battery . That incident involved an alleged scuffle in the parking lot of a Calabasas shopping center . The photographer said Bieber attacked him as he was taking photos of Bieber and his then-girlfriend , Selena Gomez . Prosecutors declined to pursue the charge against Bieber in the case .	Los Angeles County deputies investigate neighbor 's battery complaint against Bieber Bieber 's rep tells cops the singer did not spit on or threaten his neighbor "  The neighbor has had issues before , " a Bieber security source tells CNN Deputies are also looking at charge Bieber speeds sports car in neighborhood
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The U.S. trade embargo on Cuba is endangering the health of millions by limiting Cubans ' access to medicines and medical technology , human rights group Amnesty International alleged Wednesday . Amnesty International says the U.S. trade embargo is limiting Cubans ' access to medical technology . An Amnesty report examines the effects of the sanctions , which have been in place since 1962 . Amnesty International Secretary-General Irene Khan called the U.S. embargo immoral and said it should be lifted . "  It 's preventing millions of Cubans from benefiting from vital medicines and medical equipment essential for their health , " Khan said . The embargo restricts the export of medicines and medical equipment from the U.S. and from any U.S.-owned company abroad . Amnesty also called on President Obama to not renew the Trading with the Enemy Act , which is due for renewal on September 14 . The Act has been reviewed by U.S. presidents on an annual basis since 1978 . Amnesty said that while not renewing the Act would not in itself end the embargo against Cuba , it would send a clear message that the U.S. is adopting a new policy toward Cuba . In April this year President Obama lifted restrictions that had prevented U.S. citizens from visiting relatives in Cuba , and sending them remittances . A U.S. State Department spokeswoman would not comment on the report because she had n't read it . However , she said , "  The president believes it makes strategic sense to hold on to some inducements we can use in dealing with a Cuban government if it shows any signs of seeking a normalized relationship with us and begins to respect basic human rights . " The Amnesty report also cites United Nations data that says Cuba 's inability to import nutritional products for schools , hospitals and day care centers is contributing to a high prevalence of iron deficiency anemia . In 2007 , the condition affected 37.5 percent of Cuba 's children under three years old , according to UNICEF . Watch a report on Cuba 's health care system " Cuba can import these products from other countries , but there are major shipping costs and logistical challenges to contend with . Gail Reed is international director of MEDICC  Medical Education Cooperation with Cuba  , a non-profit organization that encourages cooperation among U.S. , Cuban and global health communities . She told CNN , "  In general , the embargo has a sweeping effect on Cuban healthcare . Over the past decades , I would say the people most affected have been cancer and HIV-AIDS patients . " She also said the embargo affects the way doctors think about the future . "  Doctors in Cuba always worry that an international supplier will be bought out by a U.S. company , leaving medical equipment without replacement parts and patients without continuity of medications , " Reed said . Gerardo Ducos , an Amnesty researcher for the Caribbean region , told CNN that although medicines and medical supplies can be licensed for export to Cuba , the conditions governing the process make their export virtually impossible . According to the report , the U.S. exported $ 710 million of food and agricultural products to Cuba in 2008 , but only $ 1.2 million of medical equipment and products . Reed said the embargo does not permit the sale of active ingredients or raw materials to the Cuban pharmaceutical industry . She gave the example of methotrexate , used to treat breast cancer , telling CNN that an export license was denied to a firm wanting to sell the U.S.-produced active ingredient to Cuba , to be used in domestic production of the drug on the island . "  Four times as many women may be treated with methotrexate if the drug could be produced domestically , so that Cuban importers were not forced to purchase the finished product on the international pharmaceutical market , " she said . The report says that products patented in the U.S. are covered by the embargo . Ducos told CNN that this particularly affects HIV/AIDS treatments . "  The latest medicines are usually covered by U.S. patents , which means Cuba must wait several years for the patent to run out before they can buy generic products , " he said . In the statement , Khan added , "  Although responsibility for providing adequate health care lies primarily with the Cuban authorities , governments imposing sanctions such as embargoes need to pay special attention to the impact they can have on the targeted country 's population . "	Amnesty report says Cuba embargo limits Cubans ' access to medicine HIV/AIDS patients are particularly affected , according to Amnesty Embargo has a "  sweeping effect " on Cuban health care , says MEDICC
CNN  -- Crowdfunding and high-tech innovation were made for each other . With the emergence of sites like Kickstarter and Indiegogo , inventors with an idea , but not much cash , have been able to skip traditional business models and go straight to consumers who are excited to be part of something new and exciting . Pebble , the first widely available smartwatch , cleared $ 10.2 million on the site . Ouya , an affordable game console running Android , cleared $ 8.6 million . Virtual-reality system Oculus Rift got a $ 2.4 million start , and rock legend Neil Young turned to Kickstarter to fund Pono , a high-quality digital music player , to the tune of $ 6.2 million . But , let 's face it , not every gadget offered for your approval is ready for prime time . That 's not saying some of them are n't really cool , or do n't have an audience that will enjoy them . But Apple and Samsung probably wo n't race to be the first to market with a brick-lifting pencil or frying pan that looks like something off the "  Game of Thrones " set . Take a look at our seven favorite , quirky gadgets that have had good luck on Kickstarter . Did we miss your favorite , funky Kickstarter tech ? Let us know in the comments below .	Kickstarter has been home to multimillion-dollar tech-gadget campaigns But some offerings are just plain quirky Here 's a look at some of our favorites
As Pakistan started three days of national mourning Wednesday , the Taliban said they targeted a school that mostly admits soldiers ' children because the students aspired to follow in their fathers ' footsteps and target militants . Terrorists ambushed the school in Peshawar on Tuesday , explosives strapped to their bodies , and burst into an auditorium filled with students taking exams . They sprayed bullets rapidly , killing 145 people . Of those , 132 were children , authorities said . In an email , the terror group warned Muslims to avoid places with military ties , saying it attacked the school to avenge the deaths of children allegedly killed by soldiers in tribal areas . It accused the students at the army school of "  following the path of their fathers and brothers to take part in the fight against the tribesmen " nationwide . The Army Public School and Degree College is home to about 1,100 students and staff , most of them sons and daughters of army personnel from around Peshawar . The public school admits children whose parents are in the military , but its classes are not restricted to future soldiers . A day after the massacre , Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif lifted a moratorium on the death penalty for terrorism cases . Who are the Pakistani Taliban ? ` Under the benches ... kill them ' Student Ahmed Faraz , 14 , recalled the moment the terrorists struck . He was in the auditorium when about five people burst in through a back door and started firing . " ` God is great , ' " the militants shouted as they roared through the hallways , Ahmed said . They sought out terrified children . " ' A lot of the children are under the benches , ' " a Pakistan Taliban member said , according to Ahmed . " ` Kill them . ' " The ninth-grader got shot in his left shoulder and lay under a bench . "  My shoulder was peeking out of the bench , " Ahmed recalled . "  They went into another room ,  and when  I ran to the exit , I fell . " Seventh-grader Mohammad Bilal said he was sitting outside his classroom taking a math test when the gunfire erupted . He fell into bushes before running to the school 's gates to safety . Students , teachers recount the horror they saw Children drenched in blood Pakistani troops eventually pushed through the buildings , room by room , and confined the attackers to four buildings . They found children drenched in blood . Some of the bodies lay on top of others . "  Even the children are dying on the frontline in the war against terror , " said Khawaja Asif , the defense minister . "  The smaller the coffin , the heavier it is to carry . " By the time the siege ended in the evening , military officials said all seven militants were dead . It 's unclear whether they were killed by soldiers or they detonated their explosives . The casualty tolls do n't include the terrorists . The ambush at Army Public School and Degree College left more than 100 injured , many with gunshot wounds , according to Mushtaq Ghani , a spokesman for Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province . It started with a ruse The nightmare began in late morning , when a car exploded behind the school . Pakistani authorities said the blast was a ruse to divert security guards ' attention . Gunmen got over the walls and walked through where students in grades eight , nine and 10 have classes . The militants came in with enough ammunition and other supplies to last for days and were not expecting to come out alive , a Pakistani military official said . Most of those killed were between the ages of 12 and 16 , said Pervez Khattak , chief minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , of which Peshawar is the capital . Some adults were also targeted , including a 28-year-old office assistant who was shot and burned alive , police official Faisal Shehzad said . Goal was to kill Pakistani authorities said the attackers ' goal was to kill , not take captives . While lifting a moratorium on the death penalty in terror cases , the Prime Minister expressed frustration about failed talks . "  We tried dialogue with these militants , we reopened the door to talks , " Sharif said . "  It was unsuccessful ... there was no other option than to engage in an operation against these people . " He did not mention any specific terror groups . But the Pakistan Taliban and the government have been involved in peace talks in the past . Pakistan released 19 Taliban noncombatants in a goodwill gesture , but talks broke down after a wave of militant attacks . Violent past Pakistan has seen plenty of violence , much of it involving militants targeting restive regions in northwest Pakistan along the border with Afghanistan . It is the home base of the Pakistan Taliban , known as the Tehreek e Taliban Pakistan or TTP , which seeks to enforce its conservative version of Islam in Pakistan . The group has battled Pakistani troops and attacked civilians , including in Peshawar , an ancient city of more than 3 million people . And the Taliban have n't hesitated to go after schoolchildren . Their most notable target is Malala Yousafzai , who was singled out and shot in October 2012 as she rode to school in a van with other girls . The teenage girl survived and became the youngest recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize last week for her efforts to promote education and girls ' rights . Yousafzai said the attack left her heartbroken . "  Innocent children in their school have no place in horror such as this , " she said . Afghan Taliban slam Pakistan counterparts This is the deadliest incident inside Pakistan since October 2007 , when 139 Pakistanis died and more than 250 others were wounded in an attack near a procession for exiled former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , according to the University of Maryland 's Global Terrorism Database . Even the Taliban in Afghanistan , who are closely affiliated with their Pakistani counterparts , criticized the killing of women and children as against Islamic teaching . The spokesman for the Afghan terror group expressed condolences to the victims of Tuesday 's attack .	Pakistan lifts moratorium on the death penalty after massacre Of the 145 people killed , most were children between ages 12 and 16 Attackers gunned down students hiding under benches "  A lot of the children are under the benches . Kill them , " an attacker said
CNN  -- Liz Lee is not your typical MTV reality show star . As friend Jake Fogelnest puts it , "  While  the "  Jersey Shore " cast  is out fist-pumping , Liz is in her dorm room watching Netflix . " Lee 's show , "  My Life as Liz , " chronicled the self-described nerd 's senior year of high school in Texas during its first season last year . Its second season , centering around Lee 's time in college in New York , premiered February 8 at 11 p.m. ET , with an 89 % increase in viewership from the series premiere , according to MTV . "  The executives at MTV are really smart . The fact that a show like that is on now is amazing and great , " said Fogelnest , who hosted his own show on MTV as a teenager  from his bedroom , no less  , "  Squirt TV , " in the mid-1990s . "  My Life as Liz " is "  the one thing where someone 's not pregnant or drunk ; it 's what real people are like . " The show has quickly amassed a big following on Twitter -- not just the hundreds of thousands who follow Lee and her co-stars , but in Twitter feeds like " @thelizalliance . " More than 1.8 million people have viewed a clip of the most memorable moment from the show on Youtube , in which a nervous Lee stepped in front of a microphone at a talent show and blew everyone away with her singing . Like many MTV reality shows , it 's not without its share of controversy . Its detractors have criticized its level of "  reality . " For the record , Lee told CNN , "  The people , the places , they 're all real . All the people on the show , I actually know them , and we actually have relationships . " MTV also told the Los Angeles Times last year that neither the terms "  reality show " nor "  sitcom " fully captured the show . But "  My Life as Liz " is unique for another criticism that has been leveled against the show 's star : "  My nerd cred is attacked all the time . People think that that was fabricated by MTV . That 's the hardest rumor for me to deal with . " During its first season , one anonymous message board posting , especially , claimed that Lee fell in with her school 's geeky crowd as a way to remain "  cool " after losing favor with the popular students , and even alleged that she did n't know who Luke Skywalker was . "  When people  online  say , ` You 're not a real nerd , ' " said Lee , "  I 'm sitting in my room with shelves overflowing with stacks of comic books . " Benjamin Nugent , author of "  American Nerd , " noted , "  When you have people choosing to be nerds , questions of authenticity can come up . Before , you had no choice to be a nerd . Now that it 's an acceptable option , you can accuse someone of being that way just to be cool . When it was uncool , you never had to worry about authenticity . " As a reflection of the rest of pop culture , something it has captured for nearly 30 years , MTV has embraced geeks in a big way  the sitcom "  The Hard Times of RJ Berger " will start its second season soon , and there 's even a site called "  MTV Geek " now  . In fact , even though MTV means "  Jersey Shore , " "  Teen Mom " or "  The Real World " to most , it has had its moments over the years of standing up for nerds  "  Squirt TV " among them  . "  Liz " something of a sister show to "  The Paper . " The show evolved from what would have been a second season of that show , which had focused on journalism geek Amanda Lorber . It 's also a cousin to "  Made , " MTV 's long-running series where someone , usually someone who is socially awkward , gets coached into improving something in their life , whether it be working up the nerve to ask out their crush or becoming an athlete or a hip hop dancer . The network 's best known example of a nerd -- a fellow nerd girl , no less -- is "  Daria , " the animated spinoff of "  Beavis and Butt-Head , " which started in 1997 and lasted for five seasons . Lee herself sees Daria as an inspiration . "  Daria made it cool to be a smart chick , " said writer Jennifer Vineyard , who worked at MTV for eight years . "  Just the presence of people or characters like Daria help make it cool to be yourself . There 's a tendency for young girls to play dumb . Characters like Daria show you that you do n't have to . " MTV 's dabbling in nerd culture goes back even further , however . Adam Curry was a VJ for the network for seven years as it made its transition away from only playing music videos . Around the time he started in the late 1980s , Toby Radloff was a special correspondent for the network . Those who have seen the movie "  American Splendor , " or read the comic book it was based on , might remember Radloff having adopted the title "  genuine nerd . " "  He was completely real , " said Curry . "  It was just something completely weird and different , that in a way it made so much sense to use him . " Curry , who considers himself a geek -- he registered the MTV.com domain before most people knew what such a thing even meant , then went on to become an early adopter to podcasts -- sees "  My Life as Liz " as similar to other reality shows . "  The objective gives the viewer the illusion that they can be famous . ` Hey , it 's OK to be a nerd , you can be famous . You 're a pregnant teenager ? Hey , you can be famous . ' Nerd culture has exploded because nerds can be successful . " Then there 's the show that introduced "  Beavis and Butt-Head " to the world , "  Liquid Television , " an anthology of experimental animation that aired in the 1990s that appealed to animation buffs . "  MTV has always experimented with alternative forms of programming , " said Curry . "  I believe they were running ` Monty Python ' in  ` Liquid Television 's '  slot . Here 's something different and irreverent , and the rights were cheap . When Mike Judge  Beavis and Butt-Head ' creator  came on the scene , it was pure genius at the time . " MTV recently announced that "  Beavis and Butt-Head " are returning to the network in some form : Can "  Daria " be far behind ? Two other memorable shows that were launched off the success of "  Beavis and Butt-Head " in the 1990s were "  Aeon Flux " and "  The Maxx , " both series with tremendous appeal among hardcore comic book and animation fans . " ` The Maxx ' was one of the best comic book adaptations ever made . All of that kind of stuff has been a great part of MTV 's history , " said Rick Marshall , editor of MTV 's Splash Page , a blog devoted to comic books and comic book adaptations . Marshall has been in charge of the blog nearly from its inception almost 2 1/2 years ago . "  What 's been amazing has been the ability to give comic books and creators the same level of promotion and attention that you do the actors and directors , " he said . In just these last couple of years , Marshall has seen a change in the way comic books have been accepted . "  I can actually have conversations with significantly more people about ` Green Lantern ' and people will actually know what I 'm talking about , " he said . "  I love that I can go on the subway , and people are reading ` The Walking Dead . ' " Marshall said that the success of Splash Page shows that "  this audience is actually important , " and he sees MTV having recognized that as well with "  My Life as Liz . " "  MTV was  able to take fan culture and market a show specifically to it , " said Nugent . "  If you tap into the market of people at fan conventions , they 're really loyal to an entertainment product when you market it to them . " Nugent also pointed out , "  Because it 's now being put on MTV , teenagers are seeing it as more acceptable . I 'm surprised how many kids come up to me and introduce themselves as geeks . "	MTV 's "  My Life as Liz , " about a self-described nerd , has taken off on Twitter Unique to this MTV show is controversy on Liz Lee 's "  nerd cred " MTV 's popular series "  Daria , " which started in 1997 , is an inspiration for Lee MTV 's embrace of nerd culture reflects culture as a whole
Washington  CNN  -- Five people , including three police officers , have been indicted on charges related to the beating death of a Latino man in rural Pennsylvania in July 2008 , the Justice Department said Tuesday . Two indictments charge the five with federal hate crimes , obstruction of justice and conspiracy in what authorities are calling a racially motivated attack . The indictments come almost six months after a Schuylkill County jury acquitted two teens of aggravated assault and one of murder in the death of Luis Ramirez . The undocumented Mexican immigrant was beaten into a coma during a street brawl involving the teens and their friends on a residential street in Shenandoah . The incident divided the small , rural mining town along racial lines and became a flash point for racial tensions nationwide . After the verdict , Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell denounced the attack as racially motivated and called on the Justice Department to intervene . A federal grand jury handed up the indictments last week , and they were unsealed Tuesday . The two young men , Derrick Donchak and Brandon Piekarsky , are accused of a hate crime for beating Ramirez while shouting racial epithets at him , according to the department . If convicted of hate crime charges , Donchak and Piekarsky face a maximum penalty of life in prison . Donchak also faces a maximum of 20 years in prison if convicted of obstruction , and an additional five years on the charge of conspiring to obstruct justice . Donchak also faces three counts of conspiring to obstruct justice and related offences . He is accused of attempting to orchestrate a coverup with members of the Shenandoah Police Department , the Justice Department said . Shenandoah Police Chief Matthew Nestor and Lt. William Moyer and Officer Jason Hayes are charged with conspiring to obstruct justice in the Ramirez investigation . Moyer faces additional charges of witness and evidence tampering and making false statements to the FBI . Nestor , Moyer and Hayes intentionally failed to "  memorialize or record " statements made by Piekarsky about the incident , and "  wrote false and misleading official reports " that "  intentionally omitted information about the true nature of the assault and the investigation , " the indictment said . Nestor , Moyer and Hayes each face up to 20 years in prison on each of the obstruction charges if convicted , authorities said , along with an additional five years on the charges of conspiring to obstruct justice . Moyer faces an additional five years if convicted of making false statements to the FBI . At the time of Ramirez 's death , Hayes was dating Piekarsky 's mother and Moyer 's son was a high school freshman who played football with the youths involved in the attack , according to the indictment . State prosecutors alleged that a group of teens including Donchak and Piekarsky , then 19 and 17 , baited Ramirez into a confrontation after a night of drinking . Donchak and Piekarsky were walking home from a local festival when they encountered Ramirez and attacked him , "  striking and kicking him while members of the group yelled racial slurs at him , " the Justice Department said . Prosecutors alleged Piekarsky delivered a fatal kick to Ramirez 's head after Ramirez was knocked to the ground . A medical examiner ruled Ramirez died from blunt-force trauma to the head . In June , an all-white Pennsylvania jury acquitted Piekarsky of third-degree murder and convicted him and Donchak of misdemeanor simple assault . The two were also found not guilty of aggravated assault , ethnic intimidation and hindering apprehension . Donchak was convicted of corrupting minors for providing the alcohol to his friends before the fight . The two were sentenced to up to 23 months in the county jail . After the verdict , Rendell sent a letter to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder recommending the Justice Department pursue civil rights charges . "  The evidence suggests that Mr. Ramirez was targeted , beaten and killed because he was Mexican , " Rendell wrote . "  Such lawlessness and violence hurts not only the victim of the attack , but also our towns and communities that are torn apart by such bigotry and intolerance . " Gladys Limon , an attorney representing Crystal Dillman , Ramirez 's fiancee , said Dillman welcomes the indictments , but remains fearful for her safety . Dillman has moved to an undisclosed location outside Shenandoah . Her truck was vandalized , and some people have yelled racial epithets at her on the streets , the attorney said . "  She is overwhelmed and is feeling a range of emotions , " Limon said . "  His family has suffered a great deal in the past year . " It has been particularly hard for Ramirez 's family as the holidays approach , she said . "  The children miss their father . Crystal misses having him around for the holidays , " Limon said . "  Crystal says this is a gift from God , that this will bring justice to Luis . " A petition calling for federal charges in the case garnered 50,000 signatures , Limon said . A hearing in the case was scheduled for Tuesday afternoon in federal court in Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania . "  The FBI wants to hear from anyone who may have information regarding alleged civil rights violations or public corruption in Schuylkill County , " the Justice Department said Tuesday . Those with information can contact the Allentown , Pennsylvania , FBI office . CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg , Rose Arce and Jacinth Planer contributed to this report .	NEW : Attorney says victim 's fiancee calls indictments a "  gift from God " that "  will bring justice " Indictments include hate crime , obstruction , conspiracy , misconduct , extortion charges 2 people charged with hate crime for beating man in 2008 while shouting racial epithets Justice Department alleges "  scheme to obstruct the investigation of the fatal assault "
American golfer Johnson Wagner celebrated a new year with a new look and new-found confidence as he booked his spot at the Masters in Augusta with victory at the Sony Open in Hawaii on Sunday . The 31-year-old clinched his third PGA Tour title and rocketed up 106 places in the rankings to 92nd as he took the early lead in the FedEx Cup series , scooping the $ 990,000 first prize . Sporting a mustache he started growing last year during the off-season , he carded a three-under-par 67 in his final round to win by two shots at the Waialae Country Club . "  I was definitely telling people to expect something early this year , which is a nice feeling , " Wagner told the PGA Tour 's official website after following up his tie for ninth place in the season-opening Tournament of Champions at Kapalua last weekend . "  Usually , my confidence is low . I 'm kind of shy in a little shell . And for some reason , I just had way more energy and confidence going into this year . " He revealed that he will keep his facial furniture after qualifying for April 's opening major of the season , having won almost as much in two starts this year as he did in the whole of 2011 -- when his only win came in Mexico in February . "  I kind of made a deal with myself in December that if I was to get into the Masters , then I was going to keep the mustache for at least this year , " he said after a bogey-free last 12 holes saw him finish on 13 under ahead of a four-way tie for second . "  Everybody said , ` Oh , is it a Movember mustache ? Well , it 's December , time to shave it . ' I said , ` Look , this is not a one-month mustache . This is potentially a 10-year mustache . ' " Behind Wagner on 11 under was Sweden-born Carl Petterson  67  , playing in his first tournament since becoming a U.S. citizen , and Americans Sean O'Hair  67  , Harrison Frazar  67  and Charles Howell III  69  . Their compatriots Michael Thompson  67  , Brian Gay  67  , D.A. Points  69  and Matt Every  72  tied for sixth on 10 under . John Rollins of the U.S. carded the best round of the day , hitting a superb 64 to finish alongside Canada 's David Hearn  69  and Brendan de Jonge  71  of Zimbabwe in 10th . Keegan Bradley , the 2011 PGA Championship winner , shot 70 to finish on eight under in an six-way tie for 13th place . World No. 5 Steve Stricker , who won in Hawaii last Sunday , was nine shots behind Wagner after closing with 74 . He was level with 2011 money list runner-up Webb Simpson  68  , South Korean veteran K.J. Choi  71  and 2010 U.S. Ryder Cup captain Corey Pavin  71  .	Johnson Wagner clinches the Sony Open in Hawaii to qualify for Masters in April Wagner 's third PGA Tour title and gives American the FedEx Cup series lead Wagner vows to keep his mustache after qualifying for the opening major at Augusta The 31-year-old climbs 106 places in the world rankings to 92nd
Financial Times  -- Lambeth Palace has ordered an independent inquiry into investments made by the Church of England 's # 5.2 bn investment fund after the Financial Times revealed that it had indirectly invested in Wonga , the payday lender . The Archbishop of Canterbury said he was "  embarrassed " and "  irritated " that the Church Commissioners had indirectly invested in Wonga , the payday lending firm that he has vowed to "  compete out " of business by encouraging credit unions to be set up in churches across the country . In an interview with the BBC 's Today programme on Friday morning , Justin Welby said that the amount of Church money indirectly invested in Wonga was about # 75,000 out of investments totalling # 5.2 bn . The church , which claims to have a strong ethical investment policy that explicitly bans companies involved in payday lending , invests in Accel Partners , the US venture capital firm that led Wonga 's 2009 fundraising . He said : "  Now , it should n't happen , it 's very embarrassing , but these things do happen . We have to find out why and make sure it does n't happen again . " "  We ca n't say that we tolerate bad things but we have to live in the real world ... how do you actually live in the complexity of today . " When asked if capitalism was amoral , he said : "  I do n't think capitalism is necessarily amoral , it can sometimes be immoral but it is not of itself immoral . " Lambeth Palace said an independent inquiry would be launched into how "  this serious inconsistency " occurred . Jonathan Bartley , co-director of Ekklesia , the religious think-tank , told the BBC that the church had acted within its own investment guidelines . "  I do n't think the Church of England needs an inquiry ... if you look at its policies , they 're very clear . The Church of England can invest in payday loan companies , or those that invest in payday loan companies , provided it 's not more than 25 per cent of their business , " he said . "  The 25 % figure is exactly the same for pornography , gambling ... in armaments it 's 10 per cent . They 've gone down a route to maximise their profits ; they 're absolutely explicit that they want to make 5 per cent above the rate of inflation . " Archbishop Welby has been a prominent critic of short-term lenders , and has previously supported the introduction of a cap on the amount an individual can borrow from these companies . In an interview with the magazine Total Politics published this week , he revealed he had met with Errol Damelin , founder and chief executive of Wonga , to inform him of the Church 's plans to go head-to-head with him on short-term loans . "  I said to him quite bluntly we 're not in the business of trying to legislate you out of existence , we 're trying to compete you out of existence , " said the Archbishop . The Church 's plan revolves around opening its network of 15,000 church premises to existing credit unions and offering volunteers to help run them . The Church has played an increasingly active role in the debate over ethical banking in recent months , both as an investor and because Archbishop Welby was an outspoken member of the Parliamentary Commission on Banking Standards . © The Financial Times Limited 2013	The amount of Church money indirectly invested in Wonga was about # 75,000 out of investments totalling # 5.2 bn . The Archbishop of Canterbury said he was "  embarrassed " and "  irritated " by the findings Lambeth Palace said an independent inquiry would be launched into how "  this serious inconsistency " occurred
CNN  -- Waking up to realize you suddenly have no leg or legs is as horrible an experience as one can have , and one that will , sadly , be faced by a number of people injured in the bombing of the Boston Marathon . It happened to me when I was 16 after a bone cancer diagnosis and amputation  the cancer later spread to my lung and caused a lung to be removed as well  . As I looked down in the recovery room to where my right leg used to be , all I saw was a short stump . This is frightening for sure , and only one of the things you 're dealing with after an amputation . Luckily perhaps , your entire being is consumed just with healing ; the bigger issues come later . First thing to deal with is massive physical pain from the surgery , and it will be worse because of the shrapnel packed bombs . The explosive force traumatizes the tissues and the fragments injected into the body cause collateral damage . Modern medicine does well with pain management , so this phase will , luckily , pass quickly . For the new amputee , challenges come fast and furious , but so does the natural "  fight " that is in all humans . My very first challenge was trying to stand on one leg . The body and the mind do not adjust immediately to major changes like the loss of a 25 pound leg , so balance while standing up is elusive . But it will come and that is a first little victory . It 's the first of many little accomplishments that begin to build up one 's zeroed-out self-confidence . Our bodies heal and adapt well -- the mind is a bigger challenge . Someone newly disabled naturally has thoughts of "  why me ? " as well as feelings of loss , despair and even depression . As John Green wrote in a wonderful book called "  The Fault in Our Stars , " about a boy who lost his leg to cancer , "  You do n't get to choose if you get hurt in this world . " Bad things happen and all we can do is adapt and move forward . Terrorists make us lose sight of the real dangers We are pretty attached to all our body parts , so of course there is a sense of loss . People do n't study ahead for how they will deal with every possible eventuality that affects the trajectory of their lives . This new horrible reality of being disabled is a shock . There is fear of the unknown . What will I be able to do ? How do I get back to normal ? Will people stare at me because I look different ? And it is easy to imagine how this leads to the tar-pit of self-pity . But that is not what happens to most people and it wo n't happen with the Boston Marathon bombing survivors . Compared with the primitive prosthetics of my youth , modern prosthetics are technological marvels . It is surprising to most people , but prosthetics ' most important role is not ambulation : They are a social device to "  level the playing field " and allow others to see you as not different . Today 's computerized knees keep people from falling  with mine , I have gone seven years without a fall ; before that , for 33 years it happened once a week  . They cut energy use for walking in half , and allow normal stair walking . But there is a down side . A computerized above-knee prosthesis is between $ 50,000 and $ 60,000 , of which the best insurance companies typically pay about 80 % . That can be $ 12,000 out of pocket . This is where we can help the new Boston Marathon amputees . Opinion : Getting on with life after terror hits By far the biggest long-term issue for anyone knocked down in life is the loss of self-esteem . Humans require strong self-esteem for a healthy , happy life . As Gloria Steinem said , "  Self-esteem is n't everything , it 's just that there is nothing without it . " She 's right . Building back the lost self-esteem is the hardest and most important challenge for the newly disabled . How does one do it ? I found that sports were key . I liked sports and , of course , physical activity was good for me . Pick something you like . Focus . Work hard at it . Work harder than anyone else . You ca n't help but get good at it . That feels good . That makes you want to work even harder . You keep getting better and better at it and then others stop saying you are pretty good , considering you only have one leg , and start respecting you . You 've won and your self-esteem rises and takes your happiness up with it . I started with skiing , which at first was more "  turn , fall , get up , turn , fall , get up " than swooshing down the slopes . Now I am a double-black diamond  amputee  skier . I tried biking and every year join a 200-mile bike-a-thon . I added swimming and in May will do my 20th "  Alcatraz Sharkfest " swim across San Francisco Bay . Crystal legs and snake arms : Artificial limbs as art The natural challenge-response we all have in us is what will be the biggest help to the new amputees . It goes like this : "  You ca n't run with one leg . " Says the amputee , "  Who says I ca n't ?! " and he or she will be off and running . We know that those with so-called disabilities do n't fall into the pity tar-pit and in fact , do better than they or anyone around them ever thought possible . Some even excel far beyond what they had ever accomplished before they became "  differently abled . " Richard Bruno studied polio survivors in the '80s and wrote in "  The Polio Paradox , " "  Polio survivors who were told they would never go to college or get a job became the country 's best and brightest . " Like who , you might ask ? President Franklin Delano Roosevelt , Johnny Weissmuller , Judy Collins , Jack Nicklaus , Dinah Shore , Alan Alda , Joni Mitchell and many more . These polio survivors had significant physical problems but refused the label disabled , and never accepted the word "  ca n't . " To them , to me , and I predict to these bombing survivors , disability is simply "  different ability " ; and just you watch , maybe even "  superability . " Who says they ca n't ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jothy Rosenberg .	Jothy Rosenberg lost his leg at 16 , an experience that some in Boston blast have had He says it 's horrible . And it 's challenging physically to adjust , psychically even more difficult But you can , he says . Sports mastery helps restore self-esteem Rosenberg : Those hurt can excel far beyond what they imagine . Do n't accept "  ca n't "
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  The U.S. military is in the process of evacuating about 100 Special Operations forces members from the Al Anad airbase in Yemen due to that country 's deteriorating security situation , sources in the region familiar with the situation told CNN . Those being evacuated are the last American troops stationed in the Arab nation , which is home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the terrorist group also known as AQAP . The United States closed its embassy in Sanaa last month , after Houthi rebels took over the Yemeni capital . And hundreds of al Qaeda members escaped two Yemeni prisons Thursday and Friday , raising further security questions . For years , the U.S. military has worked closely with Yemen 's government to go after AQAP , together carrying out numerous attacks like the 2011 drone strike that killed prominent al Qaeda figure Anwar al-Awlaki . And U.S. President Barack Obama has hailed this cooperation as a pillar in his anti-terrorism campaign . "  Yemen has never been a perfect democracy or a island of stability , " Obama said in January , promoting the policy of "  partnering and intelligence-sharing with that local government " as the best approach in a bad situation . "  The alternative would be for us to play whack-a-mole every time there is a terrorist actor inside of any given country , " the President said . But while there have been drone strikes as recently as last month , these cooperative efforts have been hampered by Yemen 's growing difficulty in maintaining unity and peace . These include the rise of the Houthis , their battles with forces loyal to ousted President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi and the presence of not only al Qaeda fighters but other militants . On Friday , for instance , ISIS purportedly claimed responsibility for bombings at two mosques in Sanaa what , if true , would mark that group 's first large-scale attack in Yemen . The claim came in a statement posted on a site that previously carried ISIS proclamations , but could n't be immediately authenticated by CNN . Those blasts killed at least 137 people and wounded 357 others , according to Yemen 's state-run Saba news agency . While ISIS and al Qaeda are both Sunni groups that espouse extreme versions of Islam and violent opposition to the West , that does n't mean they will be working together anytime soon . In fact , AQAP strongly rebuked ISIS in a video released in November , characterizing its leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi 's declaration of an Islamic caliphate as illegitimate . More than anything , the idea of the group calling itself the Islamic State violently flexing its muscles speaks to the chaotic situation there . With no one really in control , that means numerous groups -- including those with a history of killing civilians and lashing out at the West -- have been more room to operate and a better chance potentially to take over . Meanwhile , the main players for control of Yemen 's government -- those siding with Hadi , who still claims to be president after being deposed earlier this year , and the Houthis , a minority group that 's strongest in the northern part of the country -- remain very much at odds . Just two days ago , a Yemeni jet commanded by the capital 's Houthi conquerors fired missiles at a palace housing Hadi in the port city of Aden . No one was injured , but the direct strike nonetheless marked an escalation in the deadly fighting between the two sides . The airstrikes came on the same day opposing Yemeni military forces -- some under the Houthis , others led by officers loyal to Hadi -- battled in Aden , said Aden Gov. AbdulAziz Hobtour . At least 13 people died and 21 others were injured in those clashes , according to Hobtour . Hadi took to the airwaves of Adan TV , a station he recently started , on Saturday in his first televised speech since escaping house arrest . He called on all political factions to take part in upcoming talks in the Saudi capital of Riyadh , condemning the Aden strike and urging Yemeni troops to refuse orders from Houthi officials . Hadi tied the Houthis to Iran , which he was said supported the "  coup " that led to his departure from Aden . "  The Iranian agenda of the Houthis will not last , " he said . Needless to say , the Houthis are n't convinced . Mohammed Al Bukhaiti , a top member of the Houthi Political Council , said Hadi 's speech wo n't help Yemen reach a peaceful resolution and accused him of reneging on a deal last September to transfer power . "  We blame Hadi for not implementing this deal that drew the road map that would have solved Yemen 's ongoing crises , " Al Bukhaiti said . "  Hadi will be held responsible for the country 's failures and that chaos that could follow . " Journalist Hakim Almasmari reported from Sanaa , and CNN 's Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta .	Yemen 's deposed president lashes out at Houthi rebels in a speech Sources : U.S. special operations forces are being evacuated from Al Anad airbase The U.S. military had worked with Yemen 's government to go after terrorists there
CNN  -- It 's been in continuous production since the 1950s but Volkswagen Brazil -- the last country where the vehicles were still being made -- ceases production of the classic Kombi van today , the last day of 2013 . Rolling off the production lines in Hanover , Germany , until 1979 but continuing in Brazil , the VW Transporter , aka the camper van , is the longest-produced model in automotive history , according to Vokswagen . Around 3.5 million of the affordable , utilitarian vehicles , with their classic cloth window curtains , have been made . Attaching themselves to the mini-homes on wheels were equally numerous roof racks , surfboards and travel memories . On a backpacking trip to Europe back in 1973 , a 20-year-old Californian named Gary Garfield shelled out US$ 700 to set himself up for the months of travel ahead . He spent a chunk of that money on a 1967 Volkswagen minibus , wanting to combine transportation and accommodation in one slightly rickety but reliable vehicle . He ripped out the seats , put in a platform bed and installed shelves and cupboards . Garfield spent the next 10 months in this mobile home with his wife battling desert sands in Algeria , food poisoning in Tunisia and enduring six-week stints with no contact with friends or family . Similar stories are told by countless other travelers . VW is calling it quits because the Kombi wo n't meet new safety standards set to come into force next year in Brazil . Upgrading the van with dual front airbags and anti-lock brakes was ruled too costly . Come next year , old Kombis sluggishly powering their way along highways and up mountain passes , being overtaken by virtually all other traffic , will be all that remain -- ageing steel bodies from a time when people were less concerned about getting somewhere fast . It 's worth pausing to reflect on what made the Kombi a travel icon . Hippies and surfers The Kombi became synonymous in the 1960s and 1970s with hippies and surfers , its utilitarian features -- capable of carrying surf boards , musical equipment and various loads inside or on its roof -- combining well with its cheap price  secondhand Kombis could be picked up for a couple hundred bucks  and easy maintenance . Garfield 's van required the repair of one flat tire and a new battery in 10 months of travel . Many people named their Kombis , like iReporter Jason Kauffman , 40 , who affectionately called his Kombi "  Double D. " "  I have no desire to own anything except an old VW , " Kauffman insists . Other iReporters named their vans "  Bus Gus , " "  Homer , " "  Claire " and "  Charlotte . " Vince Moellering , 32 , explains , "  Cars like the VW van are more than just cars , they 're cultural icons . " Those who traveled in one in their youth keep the memories with them . Others own their van  or vans  for decades before passing them to offspring . Even people without "  VW lineage , " as iReporter Bryan Scott calls it , can find themselves bitten by the urge to up and travel in a Kombi . Second life online Online communities provide space to share stories and trade "  ideas that help keep our vans going , " says Moellering . Australia 's Kombi Club is an online forum co-founded and sponsored by The Bus Stop , a parts distributor . "  Roy " from The Bus Stop says the business supplies Kombi enthusiasts in Australia , New Zealand , Singapore , South Africa and Canada and other countries . "  Once you 've driven a Kombi , you 're hooked for life , " he says . But why ? After all , these VW vans , at least in their original form , are underpowered , slow , have dodgy suspension and do n't offer much comfort in either heat or cold . "  The Kombi exemplifies the free spirit of peace activists , lovers , world travelers , campers and families moving about together across this planet , " says Garfield . "  Few vehicles scream : ` Let 's go exploring ! ' the way a VW van does , " says Moellering . Modern modification Simplicity has helped the Kombi remain relevant in a new century . It 's undergone plenty of modifications , but its outward appearance remains instantly recognizable . The model produced in Brazil was based on the second phase of the Type 2  VW 's Type 1 was the Beetle  , which was produced in Germany from 1967 -- 1979 . It differed from the first phase with a larger engine , greater weight and a bay window , rather than the previous model 's split-windscreen . Numerous iterations have brought speed and body width increases , automatic transmission and an engine switch from air - to water-cooled . It 's not a complicated machine -- handy when something goes wrong . Kombi owner Bryan Scott says part of the VW 's appeal to him was , "  We 'd always heard -LSB- they -RSB- could be fixed anywhere and by anyone . " Jason Kauffman says the Kombi 's enduring appeal comes down to versatility : "  You can travel in it , sleep in it , it gets decent fuel mileage and it 's very compact compared to large motor homes . " Vince Moellering applauds the Kombi as a jack of all trades , saying he 's used his "  as a camper , a mountain bike hauler , a moving van and a construction supply truck . " German effectiveness The versatility of a Kombi goes right back to its name , which comes from the German "  Kombinationskraftwagen , " a combination of passenger and cargo vehicle . Its ability to carry both passengers and piles of stuff has made the Kombi more than a mode of transport . "  The bus is both our home and a member of our family , " says Bryan Scott . "  We talk to it as we decide a path for each day , coax it slowly over the next hill and thank it as we arrive at each new destination . " The vehicle is also a great conversation starter . "  VWs are -LSB- like -RSB- a language understood throughout the world , " says Jason Kauffman . "  People in each country we visit love the bus -- they stop to tell us their stories and ask to hear ours , " says Scott . Not the end of the road Devotion to the Kombi helps loyalists remain upbeat about the end of production . "  As long as enthusiastic owners keep the remaining cars and their spirit alive , the end of active production wo n't mean the end of the vehicle , " says Moellering . When Gary Garfield completed his 1973 tour in the bus that had served him so reliably , he sold it for a $ 100 profit . Then he "  watched it drive away to offer its new owner 's fond memories . " Even though the factory gates have shut , well-preserved Kombis will keep rumbling along the road and in the recollections of 63 years of travelers . Originally published March 2013 ; updated September 25 and December 30 , 2013 .	Volkswagen Brazil ceases production of classic Kombi van today after 63 years Kombis became the vehicle/hangout of choice for surfers and hippies in the 1960s Van was cultural icon and way of life , not just mode of transportation
London  CNN  -- Emmelie de Forest carried Denmark to triumph early Sunday in the Eurovision Song Contest , an annual musical spectacle known for its combination of over-the-top costumes , kitsch pop songs and international rivalries . Flanked by marching drummers in military-style uniforms and performing in bare feet , de Forest took top spot with a breathy performance of "  Only Teardrops . " Millions of people across Europe and beyond tuned in to watch pop acts from 26 countries take to the stage in the Swedish city of Malmo . Dressed like a new-age Tinker Bell , 20-year-old de Forest bested a field that included the UK contender and 1980s hit-maker Bonnie Tyler . Azerbaijan 's Farid Mammadov finished second with the song "  Hold Me , " and the Ukraine 's Zlata Ognevich took third with "  Gravity . " What is Eurovision ? Tyler , known for her hits "  Total Eclipse of the Heart " and "  Holding Out for a Hero , " finished in 19th place . Organizers expected more than 100 million people to tune in for the contest , hosted by Sweden -- the 2012 winner of the song contest . Demark was considered one of the favorites among bookmakers going into the final on Saturday night . Five nations -- France , Germany , Italy , Spain and the United Kingdom -- get an automatic entry to the final because they are the biggest financial contributors . The previous year 's winner also automatically qualifies , as the host nation . The 39 countries involved in the contest awarded a set of points from one to eight , then 10 and finally 12 for their favorite songs . Under the rules , they ca n't vote for themselves and they must announce the score in both English and French . The crazy clothes of Eurovision Television viewers also cast votes in their respective countries through telephone hotlines , which count for half the final tally . The remainder of the vote is cast by national expert juries , who based their scores on a dress rehearsal performance Friday night . Many perceive the voting to be tactical , with neighbors or members of regional blocs , such as the former Soviet nations , appearing to base their scoring on geopolitical alliances rather than artistic merit . Contestants can come from any member country of the European Broadcasting Union , which includes several non-European nations , including Israel , Armenia and Azerbaijan . Victory may not be welcomed by everyone back home since that nation bears the expense of hosting the following year 's event -- a commitment that 's more of a burden at a time of wide austerity in Europe .	Emmelie de Forest 's "  Only Teardrops " puts Denmark on top Azerbaijan finishes second and Ukraine takes third The contest is taking place in Sweden this year because it won in 2012 The results are decided on the basis of votes cast by TV viewers and national juries
CNN  -- A man authorities believe was the last person to see a missing Texas cheerleader is the focus of the investigation and his attorney said he has offered all the information he knows . Shawn Adkins , the live-in boyfriend of Hailey Dunn 's mother , is the only named person of interest in the girl 's December disappearance , authorities said Wednesday . Adkins ' attorney , Sidney Lyle of Odessa , told CNN affiliate KTAB in Abilene he has advised his client not to speak further with the media . And he told affiliate KTXS that Adkins has cooperated with law enforcement . Lyle did not respond to CNN 's attempts to talk to him . There have been no arrests in the disappearance of the Colorado City girl , 13 , but police consider the case a criminal investigation . Two volunteer organizations have recently joined the search . City Manager Pete Kampfer , who serves as spokesman for the police , told CNN Wednesday there are other persons of interest but "  there are more things that relate " to Adkins . He would not provide specifics . Adkins has not spoken with police since getting a lawyer , he said . Affidavits in the case indicate Hailey 's mother , Billie Dunn , and Adkins failed polygraph exams on Hailey 's whereabouts . According to the affidavits , Adkins ended two polygraph exams by walking out . On the third try , he failed the initial part of the test , but he then "  made a positive indication " that the girl could be found in Scurry County , Texas . Dunn said Adkins was on anxiety medication at the time of the first test . Dunn was under the influence of narcotics on her first polygraph examination , and she failed the second , according to a law enforcement affidavit posted on the website of KTAB . Adkins was the last person to see the eighth-grader on December 27 at Dunn 's home , according to local reports . Colorado City -- a rural central Texas town with about 5,000 residents -- is about 70 miles west of Abilene , Texas . Hailey was reported missing by her mother December 28 . The Colorado City Police Department responded to a domestic dispute in February 2010 after Adkins allegedly threatened Billie and Hailey Dunn , the released documents show . Adkins confirmed he did make the threats , according to documents . KTAB on Wednesday posted three 911 calls on its website from the February incident . The calls referred to threats made against Billie Dunn and her estranged husband , Clint , but not against Hailey , the station said . In one 911 call , Billie Dunn said , "  I broke up with this guy a couple days ago and he 's a little ` MHMR . ' He 's telling me that he 's going to kill me and my ex-husband . And it 's going to be remembered for a long time . " MHMR can refer to "  mental health and mental retardation . " Asked about the 911 calls and affidavits , Kampfer said , "  They add to the case against Shawn . " Billie Dunn told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " Wednesday night that she did not report that Adkins had threatened to kill Hailey . Marc Klaas , founder of KlaasKids Foundation , a child safety advocacy group that is assisting in the search for Hailey , appeared on "  Nancy Grace " with Billie Dunn . He indicated someone not identified in the case might have come into the town and abducted the girl . Klaas created the foundation in 1994 after the kidnapping and murder of his daughter , Polly . Investigators have found evidence both in Colorado City and in other locations , said Kampfer , a former special agent with the FBI . Dunn has said she has no idea what happened to her daughter . "  Somebody knows where she is , " she told HLN last week . The mother told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " Tuesday that investigators took bedsheets belonging to Hailey . Kampfer would not confirm that , but did say Dunn was given an inventory list of items taken by police from the home . Meanwhile , KTXS said that Hailey Dunn 's older brother has been taken into temporary custody of Child Protective Services . Kampfer said it is common practice to remove a child when a situation like this occurs , the station said . Billie Dunn met Adkins on the MySpace social networking site more than two years ago , and he moved in with her several months ago . Kampfer described the family situation as unstable . Hailey is 5 feet 2 inches tall and weighs 120 pounds . She has hazel eyes and brown hair with blond streaks . When she disappeared , she was wearing navy blue sweatpants , a light-colored short-sleeve T-shirt and pink and white tennis shoes . Investigators , meanwhile , continue to work through leads . "  It 's a smaller circle , " Kampfer said of the evidence . "  We are growingly concerned about her status , " he said of Hailey . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	Polly Klaas ' father joins search for teen Hailey Dunn , 13 , has been missing since December Her mother 's boyfriend is the focus of the investigation Both mother , boyfriend have failed polygraph tests
New York  CNN  -- Two Turkish-American gas station workers on suburban Long Island say they were assaulted and beaten with a flagpole bearing an American flag on the night of Election Day . Five men face charges in the alleged attack , police said Thursday . The incident began when some teenagers became angry when they were asked to show identification for a tobacco purchase , said Erdaogan Yavuz , the manager of the OK Gas Station in Wantagh , New York , told CNN . "  My father is a cop and he 's going to kill all you guys , " one of them said , according to Yavuz . The teens , yelling expletives , left only to return a short time later with two older men . All five began to assault Yavuz and his co-worker , Yuksel Cebeci , Yavuz said . Cebeci was able to get inside the station , but Yavuz said he was beaten badly . One of the older men shouted , "  You aliens get ... out of my country ! " "  Then he grabbed the -LSB- gas station 's -RSB- flag and hit me in the face with the flagpole , and that 's when I grabbed the flag from him to defend myself , " said Yavuz , who said he became a naturalized citizen of the United States in March . When Nassau County police arrived on site , the man attacked one of the officers , according to a spokesman for the 8th precinct in Levittown . The officer was treated at St. Joseph Hospital in Bethpage for lacerations to his right knee and a swollen hand , the spokesman said . Cebeci was treated for broken fingers , Yavuz said . All five men were charged with assault but the case will not be prosecuted as a hate crime , said Chris Munzing , the deputy director of communications for Nassau County Police . The men were arraigned on Wednesday , and November court appearances have been set , the district attorney 's office said . The district attorney 's office identified the men as Nicholas Lazarus , Christ Makhmaltchi , Gregory Vitale , Richard Vitale Jr. and Richard Vitale Sr. . Attempts to reach the suspects and their attorneys were not immediately successful Thursday afternoon . A surveillance video from the gas station is in the hands of prosecutors , officials said .	A request for ID for a tobacco purchase was the trigger , the station manager says One man shouted , "  You aliens get ... out of my country , " Erdaogan Yavuz says The pole of the station 's American flag was used as a weapon , he says
CNN  -- Cowering in a school restroom stall , young Charles D'Angelo would eat his lunch alone to escape classmates bullying him about his weight . A woman at his Catholic school 's rectory let him watch the news with her during his break instead of playing outside . After losing 160 pounds , Charles D'Angelo got a shirtless picture of himself shown in Cosmopolitan . During high school , he got a doctor 's note to excuse him from physical education . After years of overeating and under-exercising , he ballooned to around 360 pounds and felt depressed . But before-and-after photos he posted on iReport.com show how the St. Louis , Missouri , resident transformed himself from overweight teen to muscular man . Now a fitness coach , his mission in life is to make exercise fun so that kids will want to stay healthy . "  I 'm not saying ` poor me , ' but I went through a lot of pain and terrible days , " D'Angelo said . "  I do believe that if my story can help others , then I 'll do what it takes . " The need for better health habits seems greater than ever . More than 17 percent of youths ages 12 to 19 were estimated to be obese after a 2003-2006 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention study . That number was just 5 percent in the late 1970s . When D'Angelo was 17 , he decided to get in shape . He initially focused on weightlifting and gym workouts to build up his muscles , calling the iPod one of the best products ever invented for those seeking to get fit . Growing up in an Italian family had taught him that food and emotions go together , whether at weddings or funerals . He used to munch on junk food during recess , but as he got older , he forced himself to eat planned , healthy meals . iReport.com : Shedding pounds , becoming a fitness coach At 23 years old and a muscular 204 pounds , he has kept his excess weight off for five years and sports a rippling six-pack . He says he even got a shirtless photo of himself showcased in Cosmopolitan magazine . He hopes his success will make him a role model for obese kids , and he tries to come up with fun and supportive ways of exercising . Watch iReporters ` dancasize ' and show off fun workouts " "  I was just scared to death of being tested or compared . I do n't think we should measure people based on how many push-ups can you do , how many sit-ups can you do . " Keeping exercise fun and personally fulfilling is key to helping him stay with his workouts for the long haul . He enjoys watching TV while he works out . Boot camps and other group activities provide the camaraderie he craves . One of his clients owns a local gym that "  looks like an arcade , " which he points to as an example of another way of giving exercise a better image . Wii Fit and Dance Dance Revolution stations are available . D'Angelo also said he feels he would have benefited from more-structured eating habits and routines as a child . Anything that gets the body moving can be good exercise , said Janet Fulton , a CDC epidemiologist . The government recommends the equivalent of 150 minutes of brisk walking or other moderate exercise per week . The time spent can change based on the intensity of the exercise . Fulton said regular workouts help ward off disease and keep weight stable over time . In combination with properly balanced nutrition and caloric intake , increased physical activity can help with weight loss . Whether exercise or nutrition are more responsible for increases in obesity over the last 30 years is unclear , Fulton said , but people seeking to lose weight should focus on both areas and pay attention to what they eat . She suggested doing an enjoyable exercise in the company of others . iReport.com : What 's your fun exercise ? "  Find a buddy , even if you 're walking your dog . You can not only do that , but do it with your family . Be a member of the team and get your social support that way . " Over time , D'Angelo developed confidence , and he says he wants to help others do the same . Dating seemed to be out of the question when he was heavier , but he now has a girlfriend . He says losing the weight and building his confidence have gone hand in hand . Many other iReporters said they also felt bad about exercise as kids and posted their own ideas for pleasurable alternatives that could help beat obesity . Staci Lambert-Westcott of Stephens City , Virginia , took up exercise and fitness to help manage the diabetes she was developing . Getting married and having children made maintaining her weight a challenge . When she got up to 247 pounds and at age 29 , she decided to get fit . Now 37 , she recalls getting an ego boost after losing a significant amount under the cover of winter clothing . When spring came , a neighbor thought Lambert-Westcott 's husband had a new woman in his life . Throughout her personal weight-loss journey , she learned to get over her childhood dislike of exercise . As she lost pounds , she grew more comfortable exercising in public . Lambert-Westcott got to know the owner of her gym and eventually bought the business from him . She had always dreaded going to physical education class , so she tried to offer fun options for women when she was in charge . iReport.com : Bought the gym , lost 135 pounds "  The classes were extremely popular because they were fun , and mom and daughter could come together . While mom was working out , daughter was working with a coach in the back . " Though she eventually sold the gym to go back to school , she continues to work out and maintain her healthy weight . Keeping the pressure off workouts is key , said fellow iReporter Jonathan Lund , 35 , of Duluth , Minnesota . As a fitness trainer at a hospital , he works with everyone from elite athletes to patients at the facility . His experiences as an overweight teen helped show him how to help others be healthy . "  I have to remind myself , it took a lot of work to get these people out of the house and into this club , " he said . He grew up self-conscious about excess weight and felt like he could n't keep up with the other kids . Individual activities such as running helped him take off the weight . "  I never thought I could play sports or do anything like that . I always felt really intimidated by that . I also did n't like the aspect of team sports because it was n't much of a workout because usually , you 'd be sitting on the sidelines and you 'd play for five minutes . " iReport.com : Lund stops to post an iReport at a marathon He now runs marathons but got his start walking and increasing intensity little by little . He describes the long-distance events as "  addictive . " Along the way , Lund has battled a lot of negative thinking about himself . Despite the dozen or so marathons he 's completed , including the Chicago Marathon on Sunday in Illinois and the recent Twin Cities Marathon in Minneapolis , Minnesota , Lund 's insecurities have stuck with him into adulthood . He pushes forward anyway . "  I still feel like a fat kid , even though I 'm not anymore , " he said . "  I feel like I have to keep running in order to keep up . But at the same time , it 's the best therapy that there is . All that negative stuff gets worked out in your mind . "	Readers overcame childhood obesity , dislike of exercise through fun fitness Charles D'Angelo went from hiding out during recess to six-packed man Staci Lambert-Westcott grew more comfortable with exercise , owned a gym iReport.com : How do you make fitness fun for yourself ?
Japan is using YouTube to bolster assertions of ownership over islands also claimed by neighboring China and South Korea . Japan 's Foreign Ministry published the two videos on its official YouTube channel , under the username MOFAchannel , October 16 . In one , Tokyo 's claim over the Senkaku islands -- known as the Diaoyu islands in China -- are supported through old black-and-white photographs and a timeline of events starting with a document dating back to 1895 . In the other , similar pictures and a chronology of events starting from 1900 illustrate Japan 's claim to the Takeshima islands , known as the Dokdo islands in Korean . Both videos have received more than half a million page views since they were published . China and South Korea both criticized Japan 's social media push . "  The Diaoyu Islands and other affiliated islands have always been Chinese territory . China has solid evidence to prove this , " the Chinese government stressed in an official statement . "  No matter what propaganda measures Japan takes , it will not change the fact that the Diaoyu Islands belong to China . We strongly urge Japan to correct its attitude and stop all kinds of provocative acts . " In South Korea , lawmakers from the country 's major parties vowed to counter Japan 's "  provocative " moves , according to the semi-official Yonhap news agency . South Korea 's foreign ministry also demanded Tokyo take down its Dokdo island video and summoned a Japanese diplomatic official to lodge a formal complaint . In reply , Tokyo has said the videos will remain -- and its Foreign Ministry plans to produce videos on the Kuril islands claimed by Russia and on the official name of the Sea of Japan , according to Japan 's Kyodo news . "  The government is doing what we must do regularly , from the viewpoint of promoting a more correct understanding of the situation surrounding our country , " explained a Foreign Ministry press secretary at a news conference in Tokyo .	Japan posts YouTube videos on official channel supporting claims to disputed islands China , South Korea criticize Japan 's moves as "  provocative " Tokyo says it will not take down controversial videos and will add more
CNN  -- Once again , the eyes of the nation are upon Texas . When it comes to political news and the occasional shenanigan , our second most populous state always seems to come in first . The latest dust-up in the Lone Star State is about women 's reproductive rights . The Democratic minority last week stopped a bill being pushed by the Republican majority that would have shut down most of the state 's abortion clinics and banned abortion in the state after 20 weeks . But the ruckus is also about saying the wrong thing in the wrong way , and coming off like a jerk in the process . It 's about etiquette and character , and how intensely unlikable a politician can become when he is running low on both . Likability counts for a lot in politics . Voters often make choices about which candidate to support based on whether we can relate to them or feel comfortable around them . Meanwhile , a lot of Americans feel uncomfortable about late-term abortion . It 's a barbaric procedure that opponents consider infanticide . It 's also where many people like me , who are pro-choice , draw the line . The Democrats ' victory in the legislature is credited to Sen. Wendy Davis , who staged an 11-hour filibuster to push the debate past the stroke of midnight and the end of a special session . The victory was short-lived . Gov. Rick Perry called a second special session to allow Republican legislators more time to get the legislation passed and onto his desk , where he is eager to sign it . This high-stakes game of Texas Hold 'em could well be a preview of the 2014 matchup for the state 's top job . At one end of the table sits Davis . A rising star in the Democratic Party who represents Fort Worth , she has long been thought to be interested in running for governor . Now , thanks to Republican attempts to shut her down , she has an issue . The campaign ad writes itself : "  Davis bravely stood up to the Republican majority , and backed them down . " At the other end , you 'll find Perry . I wrote for the Dallas Morning News for five years . And I know this much : The governor has always been a paradox . One on one , he 's very effective . He 's charming and personable , and easy to relate to . But when he steps into his public persona , as in debates or at press conferences , he becomes less likable . Out goes the class president , and in comes the schoolyard bully . It was the latter that showed up when Perry addressed the National Right to Life conference in Grapevine , Texas , near Dallas , a few days after Davis ' filibuster . Obviously still smarting from the setback , Perry fired off these condescending remarks : "  Who are we to say that children born in the worst of circumstances ca n't grow to live successful lives ? In fact , even the woman who filibustered the Senate the other day was born into difficult circumstances . She was the daughter of a single woman . She was a teenage mother herself . She managed to eventually graduate from Harvard Law School and serve in the Texas Senate . It is just unfortunate that she has n't learned from her own example that every life must be given a chance to realize its full potential and that every life matters . " Katy , bar the door . Perry 's comments were rude , presumptuous and highly inappropriate . There are plenty of ways to disagree with a political opponent and make a point without getting personal and dredging up details of her personal life -- and in this case , her mother 's personal life . Perry as much as suggested that Davis should be more sympathetic to unborn babies because , given her life 's circumstance , her mother might have had an abortion and Davis would n't be here . During an appearance on CBS 's "  Face the Nation , " Davis was asked to respond . Here 's what she said : "  Well , what went through my mind was that that was a terribly personal thing to say . And , of course , I 've been in the political arena for some time . It takes a lot to offend me . But what I was offended about was the statement that it makes on behalf of women throughout the state of Texas . I think it showed disregard for the fact that we all , we each , own our own personal history . We make choices and -- and have the opportunity to take chances that present themselves to us . What this is about is making sure that women across the state of Texas have the same opportunity to make those choices and have the same chances that I had . " Davis got it right . In the abortion debate , women have long insisted that they have the right to control their bodies . Now do they have to take the next step and assert control over their life stories ? It looks like , in Texas , the answer is yes . Women do need to reassert control over their life stories . Otherwise , others -- including elected officials -- will try to take over those narratives to serve their own purposes . That 's what Perry did to Davis , and it reflected badly on him . He wo n't apologize . But he should . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : The latest dust-up in Texas is about women 's reproductive rights Navarrette : You can disagree with a political opponent without getting personal He says Rick Perry 's comments about Wendy Davis were condescending and rude Navarrette : Now women have to assert control over their own life stories
New York  CNN  -- Four people have been charged in connection with a fight between fans caught on camera at an NFL game on Sunday , including the woman who was seen in the video being punched in the face , according to police . Amanda MacDowell , 25 ; Jaclyn Nugent , 26 ; David James Sacco , 28 ; and Kurt Paschke , 38 , were all charged with simple assault and disorderly conduct on Tuesday , according to a statement released by New Jersey State Police . In a video of the incident that was posted on YouTube and Deadspin.com , MacDowell , Nugent and Sacco were seen getting into a verbal argument with Paschke inside MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford , New Jersey , during Sunday 's New York Jets vs. New England Patriots game , police said . MacDowell and Nugent then began kicking and punching Paschke in the body and head . After the video of the incident was posted online , it quickly made headlines . A commentator on Deadspin said the fight started over a rivalry between the fans of the opposing teams . The Jets won the game 30-27 . MacDowell , Nugent and Sacco , all from Massachusetts , are seen in the video wearing Patriots colors : red , white and blue . Paschke , a New York resident , was wearing a Jets jersey . "  Even a quick review of the video and just talking to a couple witnesses , you can see Kurt was defending himself and  he  should n't have been charged at all and certainly wo n't be convicted , " said Paschke 's lawyer , Bruce Barket . MacDowell and Sacco could not be reached for comment . A family member of Nugent said she did not have a comment . Paschke was convicted in 1995 of negligent homicide after fatally stabbing 17-year-old Henry Ferrer in a fight behind a pizzeria , according to records from the Suffolk County District Attorney 's office . Paschke served three years and was placed on parole . He has been arrested twice since then , both times for disorderly conduct , records showed . He is now a Long Island bartender . Colleen Paschke told CNN affiliate WCBS that her son was "  set up by a white supremacy group , and unfortunately , he ended up taking the blame for the stabbing of another youth . " The video of the football game incident shows Paschke being pulled away from a fight . A blond woman then steps forward to confront him , and Paschke punches her on the left side of her head . Police say that Paschke punched Nugent in the face . In the video , it also appears that a bystander hit Paschke in response . "  We are aware of the situation and we do not tolerate that behavior , " a Jets spokesman said . "  Parties involved were detained and this matter is now in the hands of the New Jersey State Police . " CNN 's Jillian Martin , Leslie Bentz and Lorenzo Ferrigno contributed to this report .	Two women , two men charged with simple assault , disorderly conduct , police say Four accused of fighting at Sunday game at MetLife Stadium Three were in Patriots ' colors , one in a Jets jersey , video from incident shows
CNN  -- Tiger Woods ' personal life went off the rails . Lance Armstrong 's sporting image crashed in drugs . Both were sponsored by Nike in multi-million dollar deals . Now Nike is being reminded again that pinning your company reputation on star names is a risky business . This time it 's Oscar Pistorius whose life has moved from sports headlines to the news pages to cause headaches at Nike headquarters . Pistorius , known as the ` blade runner , ' is the man Nike called a bullet and who is now charged with shooting his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp . With Pistorius , Nike had a star able to attract supporters to disabled athletics and who was so fast he could compete against able-bodied runners . And Nike knew how to market that appeal -- with an ad in 2011 that showed the sprinter starting from blocks and the caption "  I am the bullet in the chamber " together with Nike 's "  Just do it " slogan and logo . Robbie Vorhaus , founder of Vorhaus & Company , which advises companies on maintaining their reputations , said there was a deep conversation taking place in marketing about how to avoid such advertising ricochets with forward thinking and less clichÃ © . He said : "  Double entendres , sexual references and phrases that include violence are being looked at for exactly this reason . A bullet in the chamber still represents a gun and a gun represents a weapon . " Vorhaus said a brand hit by a scandal surrounding a sponsor approach should aim to move on . "  The problem is that so much money is pinned on human beings who in a moment of passion or intoxication , can ruin their reputation in an instant . "  It is not the responsibility of Nike to be a parent or rescue a person if they break the law . "  These athletes have certain qualities that a brand emulates but at the moment they are harming the brand ... they have to cut the association quickly and move on . " He added that there would be clauses in the Pistorius-Nike contract that make clear when the athlete 's behavior can allow the company to cut its ties -- and law-breaking would often be among the reasons . Opinion : Pistorius case and the plague of violence against women Many companies look at widening a campaign beyond the pulling power of the celebrity but so far playing out , in the planning stages of a campaign , "  what if " a worst-case scenario happens is not common practice . Another industry executive said celebrities should not be used as the focus of a campaign but as a way of introducing a wider campaign issue . That way , if the star derails , the wider campaign can continue . Nike issued a statement soon after Steenkamp 's death expressing "  sympathy and condolences to the families concerned following this tragic incident . " On Sunday , Pistorius ' management company announced that Pistorius had pulled out of five contracted race meets , but that his sponsors were standing by him . "  I can confirm that at this point in time , all parties are supportive and their contractual commitments are maintained . They have said they are happy to let the legal process takes its course before making any change in their position , " said his agent Peet Van Zyl in a statement . The 26-year-old South African double amputee sprinter was officially charged with killing Reeva Steenkamp on Friday . Prosecutors said they plan to argue that the attack was premeditated . Pistorius rejects the murder allegation "  in the strongest terms , " Van Zuyl said . It is not the first time Nike has sponsored a scandal-hit star . Tiger Woods was a Nike man when details of his numerous affairs became public . He still is . Nike stood with Lance Armstrong throughout his career until the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency came up with enough evidence to convince the world of his cheating . He was then dropped . Marketing specialist Adam Handt said Nike should do something immediately such as suspending its relationship with Pistorius because of the severity of the accusations against him . Vorhaus said a brand used to like having just one person represent it , but those days are gone , and deals are struck with many athletes -- from both sexes , from across races and from across national regions and from different countries . In this marketing world , Vorhaus said , with many athletes sponsored by and representing Nike , it is also easier to shake off the bad publicity when a star falls .	Nike carried ad calling Oscar Pistorius a bullet Nike has sponsored other stars who have fallen from grace Reputation expert says as soon as an athlete harms a brand the link is cut Some brands are looking at evading future fallout by using different language , he says
Washington  CNN  -- It 's arguably the most important poll number for any president : his approval rating . As President Barack Obama gets ready to give the first State of the Union address of his second term , his approval rating stands at 50 % , with 43 % saying they disapprove of his performance in the White House , according to a new CNN Poll of Polls , which averages the latest non-partisan , live operator national surveys . Five things to watch Here 's where the president stands as he prepares to lay out his second-term agenda : Obama vs. Obama The president 's 50 % -43 % approval/disapproval rating is down just a bit from a 52 % -43 % approval/disapproval numbers in a CNN Poll of Polls in mid-January , just before his second inauguration . "  Historically speaking , it 's not a surprise for a second-term president to lose a couple of points in the aftermath of his second inauguration , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . Obama approval rating edging down Obama vs. predecessors How does Obama stack up against the most recent two-term presidents as they gave the first State of the Union address of their second term ? George W. Bush stood at 51 % in January 2005 and Bill Clinton was at 62 % in January 1997 , according to CNN/Gallup/USA Today polling . Ronald Reagan had a 64 % approval rating in January 1985 and two-thirds of Americans approved of Richard Nixon in January 1973 , according to Gallup surveys . Nixon 's high rating came just as he announced the end to the Vietnam War . 8 memorable State of the Union moments Obama vs. Congress While the president 's approval rating is down slightly from last month and is lower than his immediate predecessors at the start of their second terms , his numbers are still far above both Democrats and Republicans in Congress . According to a Quinnipiac University national poll conducted earlier this month , 33 % approved of the job Democrats in Congress were doing . While that does n't look very good , it 's better than congressional Republicans -- their approval rating in the survey stood at 19 % . Clint Eastwood is n't satisfied with Congress Priorities , priorities , priorities So what do Americans want to hear from the president in his State of the Union address ? According to that same Quinnipiac poll , 35 % said Obama should focus on the economy , with 20 % saying the federal budget deficit is most important to them . Gun policy came in third at 15 % , followed by health care at 12 % , foreign policy and immigration each at 5 % and the environment at 3 % . As for the top concern , 53 % of those questioned said the economy is still in a recession , even though the recession technically ended 3Â 1/2 years ago . Democrats , Republicans suggest priorities ahead of State of the Union Who will be watching ? Two-thirds of those surveyed in the Quinnipiac poll said they were very or somewhat likely to watch the State of the Union -- that includes 86 % of Democrats , 64 % of independents and 46 % of Republicans . Besides the expected partisan divide , there 's a slight gender gap , with 71 % of women and 59 % of men saying they are very or somewhat likely to watch the prime-time speech . The new CNN Poll of Polls , compiled and released on Monday , averages the three nonpartisan , live-operator national surveys conducted in the past two weeks : Gallup 's daily tracking poll  from February 8 to 10  ; Fox News  February 4 to 6  , and Quinnipiac University  January 30 to February 4  . Since the Poll of Polls is an average of multiple surveys , it does not have a sampling error .	Obama 's approval rating has dropped a few points in polls since his inauguration His numbers stand well below those of his predecessors at similar points in their terms While Obama 's numbers have slipped , they 're still well above those of Congress Two-thirds of those surveyed say they 'll watch speech , but there 's a partisan divide
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- After a lukewarm reception from television buyers , 3-D technology is pushing its way onto small screens . As Nintendo plans to launch with the first major gadget that can show three-dimension visuals without the need for special glasses in the U.S. on Sunday , two large Asian electronics manufacturers are following suit . HTC has unveiled the EVO 3D , a follow-up to Sprint Nextel 's breakout smartphone . It has a 4.3-inch touchscreen , which can display eye-popping 3-D without needing glasses . Users will also be able to capture photos and videos in 3-D using a pair of cameras on the back . Like the original EVO , the 3D version will run Google 's Android operating system and connect to Sprint Nextel 's fast 4G data network . LG Electronics has been working for a year and half on a 3-D smartphone of its own , said Yongseok Jang , the South Korean company 's vice president of strategy . The Optimus 3D , as it 's been called , will launch on AT&T Mobility 's network with the name Thrill 4G . AT&T says it will be available in the "  coming months , " and a price has n't been set . LG developers spent a great deal of time fine-tuning the pair of 5-megapixel cameras to accurately capture 3-D media , Jang said . Calibrating the cameras to produce good-looking stills and video is more difficult than pulling off a glasses-free display , he said . The EVO 3D prototype we tested at the CTIA Wireless conference this week shot blurry video . HTC is still working on that aspect , which will probably take several more months to perfect , said Trevor Van Norman , a Sprint marketing director . The EVO 3D will be available this summer , he said . Nintendo 's 3DS also has a pair of cameras for capturing scenes in 3-D , and it works quite well . Being the first out of the gate to offer a mainstream glasses-free 3-D gadget , Nintendo expected to find competitors , and it soon did when LG announced its phone . "  I was n't frustrated or irritated by it , " Hideki Konno , a Nintendo producer who played a key role on developing the 3DS , said through a translator in a recent interview . "  I mean , considering the technology was out there in the world , I was n't even really surprised by it . " The Japanese game company plans to fend off competitors by partnering with media publishers that can offer more games and movies in 3-D . "  You need not only the capabilities ; you need the content , " Reggie Fils-Aime , Nintendo of America 's president and operating chief , said in an interview . "  They 're not going to have the great gaming content that we have . " For their phones , LG and HTC are lobbying game developers to create 3-D software for Google 's Android smartphone platform . Owners also will be able to download the thousands of games already available for Android . LG expects to include a few games packaged with the Thrill 4G and have at least 10 games available when the device is made available to purchase , Jang said . With a team led by Jang , LG also persuaded Google to make YouTube videos produced with 3-D cameras available in a separate app and allow the phone 's users to upload their own , Jang said . "  Instead of being at the mercy of Hollywood studios to bring 3-D content , why do n't we enable our customers to create their own 3-D content ? " Jang said . Google 's YouTube team also helped LG tweak the quality of the videos produced by the phone , he said . The EVO 3D will have about a half-dozen 3-D games at launch in addition to the full "  Green Hornet " film , Van Norman said . The phone will also have the YouTube 3D application . HTC touts on its website : "  You look better without the 3D glasses , " as a hand tosses a pair into a trash can . LG 's initiative , too , was designed to eliminate the need for wonky glasses , Jang said . "  All our TV guys and our mobile-phone guys , we try to solve that problem -- to force people to wear glasses , " Jang said . "  Watching 3-D stuff should not be a sit-up experience . " Both LG and HTC are planning to debut tablet computers that can , like their phones , capture 3-D with a pair of cameras . However , the tablets require users wear dorky , two-toned glasses in order to view the 3-D content . HTC 's tablet , with its 7-inch touchscreen that requires glasses for 3-D viewing , is called the EVO View 4G and will be available on Sprint . Jang from LG , which is bringing a tablet to T-Mobile USA 's network , said implementing glasses-free 3-D on the G-Slate 's 9-inch screen was "  a cost issue . " However , by enabling the device to capture 3-D pictures and video , Jang hopes the excitement carries over into LG 's TV business , which has struggled to sell 3-D sets . T-Mobile , the G-Slate 's exclusive carrier , believes that it 's still "  early days " for 3-D technology and that issues will be solved over time with new devices , said Desmond Smith , a senior product manager for the company . Samsung Electronics has n't ventured into the mobile 3-D territory yet . "  There has been a big push for  3-D  on the TV side , but we have n't done anything on the phone side , " said spokesman Kim Titus . Omar Khan , the strategy chief for Samsung Telecommunications , said mobile devices will be more valuable in the 3-D space as a way to capture content in that format , rather than to view it . "  I think it 's still pretty early , " he said .	HTC and LG are prepping smartphones that can display 3-D without needing glasses The two companies are also working on 3-D tablets , but those will require glasses Nintendo executives say HTC and LG will struggle to find 3-D content
