His eyes moist and lower lip trembling , Clint Romesha nodded haltingly at family , comrades , military brass and the president standing to applaud him for receiving the nation 's highest military decoration , the Medal of Honor . He never smiled during the White House ceremony on Monday and later explained why in a statement to reporters . "  I stand here with mixed emotions of both joy and sadness today , " he said , describing how he felt "  conflicted " about the medal around his neck . "  The joy comes from recognition from us doing our jobs as soldiers on distant battlefields , " said Romesha , a former Army staff sergeant dressed in full uniform that included a cavalry hat . "  But it is countered by the constant reminder of the loss of our battle buddies - my battle buddies , my soldiers , my friends . " An American hero : The uncommon valor of Clint Romesha For "  conspicuous gallantry ... at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty , " Romesha , 31 , received the honor at an emotional ceremony lightened by his rambunctious toddler son . In conferring the medal , President Barack Obama described the conditions faced by Romesha and 52 other soldiers when they came under attack from mortar , rocket-propelled grenade , machine-gun and sniper fire on October 3 , 2009 , at Combat Outpost Keating in the mountains of eastern Afghanistan . A military investigation later described the outpost as indefensible against the higher-ground positions surrounding it , and Obama noted the challenge that Romesha 's unit faced from the estimated 300 Taliban insurgents . Explosions from the dawn attack "  shook them out of theirs beds and sent them rushing for their weapons , and soon the awful odds became clear , " Obama said . "  What happened next has been described as one of the most intense battles of the entire war in Afghanistan , " the president continued . "  The attackers had the advantage , the high ground , the mountains above , and they were unleashing everything they had -- rocket-propelled grenades , heavy machine guns , mortars , snipers taking aim . " Romesha and his men "  had never seen anything like it , " Obama said . Clint Romesha , the bravest of the brave "  With gunfire impacting all around him , Clint raced to one of the barracks and grabbed a machine gun , " the president said . "  He took aim at one of the enemy machine teams and took it out . A rocket-propelled grenade exploded , sending shrapnel into his hip , his arm and his neck , but he kept fighting , disregarding his own wounds and tended to an injured comrade instead . " Later in the battle , Romesha and his team charged more than 100 yards through enemy fire to reach wounded soldiers in the outpost , Obama added . The audience on Monday included relatives of the eight soldiers killed in the battle , and Obama paid tribute to the efforts by Romesha and his fellow soldiers to bring them back . "  Our troops should never ever be put in a position where they have to defend the indefensible , " Obama said . "  That 's what these soldiers did for each other in sacrifice driven by pure love , and because they did , eight grieving families were at least able to welcome their soldiers home one last time . " Before the East Room ceremony , the militaristic and somber atmosphere was lightened by Romesha 's son , Colin , who climbed the podium and examined the lectern , briefly playing hide-and-seek with the bemused onlookers . It took a military escort to entice Colin to his mother 's arms in the first row , and when Obama spoke a few minutes later , he prompted chuckles in pointing out the boy 's exuberant nature . "  Colin is not as shy as Clint , " Obama said . "  He was in the Oval Office and he was racing around pretty good and sampled a number of apples before he found the one that was just right . " Romesha was invited to be the guest of first lady Michelle Obama Tuesday at the president 's State of the Union address . But he declined the invitation , telling CNN that he has decided to spend the evening with friends from his former unit , Black Knight Troop , 3-61 CAV , his wife Tammy -- with whom he celebrates a wedding anniversary Tuesday -- and their families . Romesha to be guest of first lady at State of the Union Romesha is the fourth living person to receive the nation 's highest military decoration for actions in Afghanistan or Iraq . The battle at Combat Outpost Keating raged for more than 12 hours . When it ended , with Romesha and others having held onto the outpost , more than half of their 53-soldier contingent had been killed or wounded . Despite his own wounds , Romesha led a charge across the outpost that regained control of the ammunition supply depot . In doing so , he ignored an order to hold his position , pretending the radio was broken . The U.S. military closed the heavily damaged outpost three days later , destroying what remained to prevent it from aiding insurgents in any way . A few months later , a U.S. military investigation found that measures taken to protect the outpost were lax , and critical intelligence and reconnaissance assistance had been diverted from the base . The Medal of Honor : What is it ?	Clint Romesha speaks of the loss of "  my battle buddies , my soldiers , my friends " Romesha gets the Medal of Honor for "  conspicuous gallantry " beyond the call of duty He led counter-attacks against a 2009 assault by insurgents on a remote outpost Romesha is the fourth living veteran of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars to get the Medal of Honor
EW.com  -- Carrie Underwood blew away the competition on the Billboard 200 this week , scoring her third straight number one album with her fourth release , "  Blown Away , " and moving 267,000 copies . Other Top 10 newcomers included Norah Jones , with her Danger Mouse-produced "  Little Broken Hearts , " B.O.B. , Marilyn Manson , and the first-ever soundtrack from NBC 's "  Smash . " Check out the full Top 10 below : 1 . Carrie Underwood , "  Blown Away " -- 267,000 This is Underwood 's third straight number one after 2009 ′ s "  Play On , " which debuted with 318,000 , and 2007 ′ s "  Carnival Ride , " which started with 527,000 . Underwood 's 2005 debut "  Some Hearts " is her only album to not reach the summit of the chart -- it debuted at No. 2 with 315,000  behind Madonna 's "  Confessions on a Dance Floor "  and eventually sold 7.2 million copies . Her current single "  Good Girl " has climbed up to No. 8 on the country songs chart , and follow-up "  Blown Away , " which she performed on the Idol stage last week , kicks off its run at No. 22 on the Hot Digital Songs chart . 2 . Norah Jones , "  Little Broken Hearts " -- 110,000 Norah Jones could have stayed the course and made lovely , jazz-tinged , perhaps slightly snoozy records and gone platinum for the rest of her career  her Grammy-winning debut "  Come Away With Me " sold over 10 million copies , and her three subsequent records have all reached platinum status  , but the chanteuse took a risk with her darker , Danger Mouse-produced fifth album . As such , "  Little Broken Hearts " opened to Jones ' lowest sales ever -- but somehow , we doubt she 's too worried about it . 3 . Various Artists , "  Now 42 " -- 95,000 The last five editions of the popular compilation albums have debuted in third place . It 's the hits , kids : Kelly Clarkson 's "  Stronger  What Does n't Kill You  , " Flo Rida 's "  Good Feeling , " Karmin 's "  Brokenhearted " and more . 4 . Adele , "  21 " -- 77,000 At this point , what 's left say ? Last week , it had sold roughly 8.9 million copies ; now , it 's rounding out on 9 million . Adele 's world domination continues . 5 . B.o.B. , "  Strange Clouds " -- 76,000 The Atlanta rapper 's sophomore album sold slightly fewer copies than his 2010 debut "  B.o.B Presents : The Adventures Of Bobby Ray , " which started at number one with sales of 84,000 and ended up selling about 597,000 copies total . Still , after a handful of singles that did n't exactly burn up the chart  "  Strange Clouds " and "  Play the Guitar " both failed to make much of an impact on radio  , B.o.B. should be happy with these results . It seems his late-in-the-game pop-oriented material , like Ryan Tedder tune "  So Good " and Taylor Swift collaboration "  Both of Us "  which debuts at number 8 on this week 's Hot Digital Songs chart  , helped lift the album 's fortunes in the weeks leading to its release . 6 . Lionel Richie , "  Tuskegee " -- 64,000 The soft-rock star 's country comeback record has sold 679,000 copies in six weeks . Say you , say him , say platinum : It was also just certified for shipments of 1 million copies to stores . 7 . Jack White , "  Blunderbuss " -- 56,000 The onetime White Stripes frontman , who earned his first chart-topping week ever last week , dropped by 59 percent after last week 's debut , still giving him 194,000 total in two weeks . 8 . One Direction , "  Up All Night " -- 45,000 After eight weeks , the UK boy band has sold a whopping 586,000 units of their debut effort . That 's what makes them beautiful  at least to Simon Cowell  . 9 . Soundtrack , "  The Music Of SMASH " -- 40,000 The first collection of songs sfrom NBC 's inside-Broadway musical drama "  Smash " started slower than the first "  Glee " soundtrack , which debuted at number 4 in November 2009 , but that 's to be expected given "  Smash 's " smaller audience and general proportion of pop covers to originals . 10 . Marilyn Manson , "  Born Villain " -- 38,000 He may have been born to his lowest numbers yet -- but it 's still the Prince of Darkness ' seventh top 10 album . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Carrie Underwood 's fourth album "  Blown Away " is the number one album Since its release this week it has sold 267,000 copies Her current single "  Good Girl " has climbed up to No. 8 on the country songs chart
A leading humanitarian organization has urged soccer 's ruling body FIFA and the Qatari government to honor their commitment to reform employment laws for migrant workers ahead of the 2022 World Cup , amid fears that stadiums will be built using an exploited labor force . Human Rights Watch  HRW  has compiled a 146-page report -- "  Building a better World Cup : Protecting migrant workers " -- examining Qatar 's recruitment and employment system , where 94 % of its workforce are migrant workers . The Qatari government recently suggested it will replace the current sponsorship scheme -- where all foreigners must be sponsored by local employers to work and reside in the country -- with a system of contracts between employers and employees . But HRW said that it might prove of no benefit to the workers constructing the stadiums needed to host the tournament . "  The government needs to ensure that the cutting-edge , high-tech stadiums it 's planning to build for World Cup fans are not built on the backs of abused and exploited workers , " HRW 's Middle East director Sarah Leah Whitson said . "  Workers building stadiums wo n't benefit from Qatar 's general promise to end the sponsorship system . They need a deadline for this to happen before their work for the FIFA games starts . " Qatar is smaller than the Bahamas in land area , has less than 300,000 citizens , but boasts the highest per capita GDP in the world . But in HRW 's interviews with 73 migrant construction workers they reported a host of problems , including unpaid wages , illegal salary deductions , crowded and unsanitary labor camps , and unsafe working conditions . The Qatari Labor Ministry denies that workers are being exploited . "  The Ministry has received no complaint of forced labor and it is inconceivable that such a thing exists in Qatar as the worker may break his contract and return to his country whenever he wishes and the employer can not force him to remain in the country against his will , " it said in a letter to HRW , an international non-governmental organization which conducts research on human rights . The report seeks to address apparent concerns over worker safety in Qatar 's construction industry and claims that discrepancies exist between the number of construction worker deaths reported by local embassies and the number reported by the government . While the Nepali embassy reported 191 Nepali worker deaths in 2010 , and the Indian embassy reported 98 Indian migrant deaths -- ncluding 45 deaths of young , low-income workers due to cardiac arrest , so far in 2012 -- the Qatar Labor Ministry says there have no more than six worker deaths over the last three years . Qatar 's success in being chosen by FIFA as 2022 World Cup hosts is likely to mean an anticipated construction boom in the Arab state . The local organizing committee for the tournament , the Supreme Committee for Qatar 22 , and the company it appointed to help oversee World Cup construction , CH2M HILL , have said they will establish labor standards that builders and other contractors hired to build World Cup venues must meet . FIFA , meanwhile , has pledged to raise worker rights issues with the Qatar government . Those commitments are a beginning , HRW says , but it wants additional steps , including minimum employee standards in line with Qatari law and international labor standards for private contractors involved in World Cup-related construction . "  Ensuring international standards for workers ' rights and conditions has and will continue to be at the forefront of our committee 's strategic planning and implementation , " said the the Qatar 2022 Supreme Committee . "  We are fully committed to ensuring that preventative measures are in place to safeguard workers ahead of all construction projects directly relating to the 2022 FIFA World Cup . " Fifa was not immediately available for comment .	Human Rights Watch issues warning over employment laws for migrant workers ahead of 2022 World Cup in Qatar Qatari Labor Ministry denies that workers are being exploited . Qatari government has vowed to make changes to existing system FIFA pledges to raise worker rights issues with government .
CNN  -- Vatican officials failed to take action against a priest accused of sexually abusing two teenage girls in Minnesota despite repeated warnings from a local bishop starting in 2005 , attorneys for one of the alleged victims said Monday . The Vatican 's failure occurred despite the establishment of safeguards established four years earlier to deal with the growing abuse scandal inside the Catholic Church , they said . The priest -- Father Joseph Pavanivel Jeyapaul of Ootacamund , India -- served in a diocese in Crookston , Minnesota , for a little more than a year in 2004 and 2005 , according to church documents unearthed in a lawsuit related to the case . Complaint letters from Crookston Bishop Victor Balke to Rome were acknowledged by Vatican officials , but no disciplinary action was taken , the documents show . Jeyapaul is now the head of a church education commission in Ootacamund , giving him continued access to children , lawyers said . "  This is systematic . All roads ... lead to Rome and the top officials there , " said Jeff Anderson , a St. Paul , Minnesota , attorney representing the alleged victim . "  As horrific as the rape of children by Jeyapaul is ... the coverup of it is every bit as horrific and criminal . " Father Louis Rag , bishop secretary of the Ootacamund Diocese , confirmed Monday that Jeyapaul is still in Ootacamund . He refused to comment further , except to note that he had heard about the charges against Jeyapaul through media reports . Anderson revealed the church documents at a news conference in St. Paul . The county attorney 's office for Roseau County , Minnesota , is trying to extradite Jeyapaul from India . The Crookston Diocese first received reports of "  inappropriate behavior " on the part of Jeyapaul in September 2005 , according to a letter Balke sent four months later to Cardinal William Levada , head of the Vatican 's Congregation for the Doctrine of Faith , a body established to deal with cases of alleged abuse . Pope Benedict XVI headed the congregation before being chosen to lead the Roman Catholic Church . Balke wrote that according to an internal investigation , Jeyapaul took a teenage girl to his rectory in the summer of 2005 , where "  he proceeded to kiss her repeatedly , pulling her on top of him and at one point touching her beneath her clothing . " Balke also said in the letter that Jeyapaul had misappropriated "  a substantial amount of money belonging to the parish and also attempted to give a diocesan vehicle to a third party as payment for an outstanding debt . " The bishop went on to warn the Vatican that it is "  impossible to say that Father Jeyapaul does not at present pose a risk to minors . " "  I can not in good conscience allow this matter to be passed over " simply because Jeyapaul has now returned to India , Balke said . "  In my mind , that would be a shameful act of betrayal towards the women and girls in India to whom Fr . Jeyapaul could at present pose a serious risk . " A representative for Levada responded to Balke 's letter in May 2006 , acknowledging his complaint and writing that the Vatican had requested to church officials in India that "  Father Jeyapaul 's priestly life be monitored so that he does not constitute a risk to minors and does not create a scandal among the faithful . " Six months later , Balke relayed a new series of allegations about Jeyapaul to Levada . Balke wrote that he had received reports "  of similar behavior having taken place between Fr . Jeyapaul and a second girl . " In both instances , Balke wrote , Jeyapaul had been counseling the girls about their religious lives . Church officials once again acknowledged Balke 's letter but took no disciplinary or other action against Jeyapaul , the documents show . Anderson accused Vatican officials Monday of being more concerned with preserving their own reputations than with protecting children . "  We are sad because so many kids have been wounded and hurt because Catholic officials -- top Catholic officials from the Vatican on down ... do n't get it and remain in denial , " he said . "  They have a problem . ... They fail to do what is necessary to protect children across the globe . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Sumnima Udas contributed to this report .	Priest accused of abusing two teenage girls , misappropriating money Bishop sent letters to Rome , but no disciplinary action was taken Vatican requested that "  priestly life " be monitored
The only known suspect in the disappearance of University of Virginia student Hannah Graham was in custody Wednesday night . Jesse Matthew , who had been sought on suspicion of abduction with the intent to defile , was arrested in Galveston County , Texas . He was found on the beach in Gilchrist on the Bolivar Peninsula , according to that county 's sheriff 's office . "  We have a person in custody , but there 's a long road ahead of us , and that long road includes finding Hannah Graham , " Charlottesville Police Chief Timothy Longo told reporters . He declined to go into the circumstances of Matthew being taken into custody . An extradition process is under way for the 32-year-old Matthew , who is also wanted on suspicion of two counts of reckless driving , Longo said . According to CNN affiliate KPRC , deputies got a call about a suspicious person camping on the beach . One responded , and ran the license plate of that person 's vehicle . It came back as wanted , the affiliate reported . Matthew did not resist arrest , KPRC said . Earlier , Matthew 's lawyer was mum about most everything . "  I am Mr. Matthew 's attorney , " said James Camblos , who spoke outside his office in Charlottesville , Virginia . "  I was hired on Saturday . That 's the only thing that I 'm going to confirm at this point . The family and I -- nobody is making any statements at this point in time . We might later on , but right now we are not , " he said . His comments came one day after authorities obtained an arrest warrant for his client , who police believe was the last person with Graham . She was last seen September 13 in an area of Charlottesville known as the Downtown Mall . Investigators have been looking for her since , and in an increasingly large area . "  We 're asking for a broader community search with property owners , " Longo told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " Wednesday night . Specifically , he said he wants property owners of large parcels in surrounding counties to search their land and report back . Authorities have previously searched Matthew 's apartment and car . Although they have declined to discuss the specifics of what might have been found , potential evidence was sent to a lab for analysis . According to Longo , Matthew willingly went to a police station over the weekend , when there was no warrant for his arrest . He asked for a lawyer . They spoke and then left , Longo said . Camblos confirmed that he was the attorney who met with Matthew at the police station . "  I 'm not telling you anything else at this point , " he said . Authorities are now offering a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to the safe return of Graham , 18 , a second-year student at the University of Virginia . They have received 1,500 tips so far in the case , and are urging anyone with information to call the police tip line at 434-295-3851 . "  We 're asking every person within the sound of my voice to help us find Hannah Graham , " Longo , the police chief , said . Hannah Graham disappearance : What we know	Jesse Matthew was reportedly camping on a beach in Texas Police have received some 1,500 tips in the case so far Matthew is wanted on suspicion of abduction with the intent to defile University of Virginia student Hannah Graham was last seen September 13
CNN  -- A teen bull rider was kicked at least once in the chest after she was thrown and later died , Florida authorities said Saturday . Brooke Ann Coats , 16 , died from injuries Friday evening at Tampa General Hospital , according to the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office . Coats was able to walk out of the ring after the 8:30 p.m. incident at 301 Rodeo on U.S. 301S , east of Tampa , the office said in a statement . She experienced difficulty breathing and collapsed . An off-duty paramedic rendered aid until Coats was taken to the hospital , where she died during surgery , officials said . An investigation continues , but detectives do not suspect foul play .	Bull rider dies after incident near Tampa , Florida Girl , 16 , was kicked at least one in the chest
CNN  -- Former first lady Barbara Bush has been hospitalized in Houston , Texas , for treatment of a "  respiratory-related issue , " a family spokesman said Tuesday . Bush , 88 , was admitted Monday at Methodist Hospital , spokesman Jim McGrath said in a written statement . "  She is in great spirits , has already received visits from her husband and family , and is receiving fantastic care , " the statement said . "  Updates will be issued when warranted . " CNN was first alerted to Bush 's hospitalization by tweets from affiliate KPRC . Her husband , George H.W. Bush , was the 41st President of the United States . He also served as vice president for two terms under President Ronald Reagan . In her role as first lady , she championed the cause of literacy . She formed the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy in 1989 . That was the same year that she acknowledged she had been diagnosed in 1988 with Graves ' disease , an autoimmune disease that commonly affects the thyroid . In 2010 , she was hospitalized for what doctors at the time described as a recurrence of Graves ' disease . Bush underwent heart surgery in 2009 after doctors found hardening in one part of her aorta . In 2008 , she was hospitalized after suffering abdominal pain . She underwent surgery for a perforated ulcer . Fast Facts : Barbara Bush Ticker coverage : Barbara Bush CNN 's Steve Brusk contributed to this report .	NEW : Barbara Bush acknowledged in 1989 she had been diagnosed with Graves ' disease Bush , 88 , was admitted to the hospital Monday , a family spokesman said "  She is in great spirits , " the spokesman said The former first lady was hospitalized in 2008 , 2009 and 2010 for various ailments
CNN  -- An Alaska Airlines flight was diverted to Portland , Oregon , after the captain lost consciousness and the first officer was forced to take over , an airline spokesman said . The incident occurred Thursday night on Flight 473 from Los Angeles to Seattle , airline spokesman Paul McElroy said . When the captain lost consciousness , the first officer took over and piloted the aircraft to the closest airport , he said . A doctor on board the airplane treated the pilot until it landed in Portland and medical personnel arrived , he said . The captain was likely suffering from food poisoning or the flu , Alaska Airlines said Friday . The condition of the captain was not immediately available , but he "  is doing better today , " airline spokeswoman Bobbie Egan said . There were 116 passengers and five crew members on board the plane , which landed in Portland without incident , according to the airline . The airline did not release the name of the captain but said he has been flying with Alaska for 28 years . The first officer has been with the airline for 11 years . Dutch 737 pilot locked out of cockpit while co-pilot sleeps	NEW : Captain most likely had food poisoning or the flu , airline says Flight 473 from Los Angeles to Seattle was diverted to Portland , Oregon The captain lost consciousness midair , Alaska Airlines says First officer took over the flight , the airline says
CNN  -- The prosecutor in the U.S. government 's case against an Indian diplomat charged in New York with visa fraud related to her treatment of her housekeeper expressed dismay Wednesday over the direction the case has taken . "  There has been much misinformation and factual inaccuracy in the reporting on the charges against Devyani Khobragade , " said U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara about India 's 39-year-old deputy consul general for political , economic , commercial and women 's affairs , who was arrested December 12 in New York by federal agents . "  It is important to correct these inaccuracies because they are misleading people and creating an inflammatory atmosphere on an unfounded basis . " He was referring to reporting about Khobragade 's arrest outside her daughter 's school , her detention in a cell with other women and her having been subjected to a strip search -- all of which raised diplomatic hackles in New Delhi . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called the diplomat 's treatment "  deplorable ; " Indian National Security Adviser Shiv Shankar Menon called it "  barbaric , " CNN sister network IBN reported . Indian officials summoned U.S. Ambassador Nancy Powell , took away U.S. diplomats ' identification cards that gave them diplomatic benefits and removed security barriers outside the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi . But Bharara said Khobragade 's treatment was justified . He cited an 11-page complaint that alleged she had promised in the visa application under which her housekeeper moved from India to the United States to pay her at least $ 9.75 per hour , the minimum wage in New York , and to require that she work no more than 40 hours per week . But the complaint alleges that Khobragade then had the housekeeper , who has been identified as Sangeeta Richard , sign a second contract , which paid her less than $ 3.31 per hour and required that she work much longer hours . The second contract , which was not to be revealed to the U.S. government , "  deleted the required language protecting the victim from other forms of exploitation and abuse " and also deleted language that said Khobragade agreed to abide by U.S. laws , he said . Khobragade is charged with one count of visa fraud -- which carries a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison -- and one count of making false statements -- which carries a maximum sentence of five years . Khobragade 's lawyer , Daniel Arshack , said the allegations were unsubstantiated . "  When the facts are looked at , it 's perfectly clear that Dr. Khobragade did nothing wrong , " he told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan . " "  She paid her worker exactly what she was supposed to pay her and the government has simply made a whole series of spectacular blunders , which has enroiled  sic  them into quite a remarkable diplomatic kerfuffle . " He added that the housekeeper was paid "  well above the minimum wage , " and that his client had -- at the housekeeper 's request -- sent a portion of that money to the housekeeper 's husband each month in India . "  The balance of her pay was paid to her in the United States -- all of it , " he said . Arshack accused the U.S. government of having treated his client "  like an ordinary U.S. citizen charged with a crime . The fact is she is n't an ordinary U.S. citizen . She 's a diplomat with immunity . " Citizens of India express their outrage Concern over the treatment by U.S. authorities of Khobragade , not her alleged treatment of her housekeeper , has sparked outrage . On Tuesday , outside the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi , demonstrators seething over what they considered to be humiliating treatment of the Indian diplomat , carried signs protesting the U.S. handling of the matter . "  If USA will not respect Indians , then Americans will not be respected in India also , " read one . In his statement , Bharara noted that Khobragade was charged not only with trying to evade U.S. law intended to protect domestic employees of diplomats and consular workers from exploitation , but also with causing the victim and her spouse "  to attest to false documents and be a part of her scheme to lie to U.S. government officials . " He bemoaned that public outrage was focusing not on Khobragade 's alleged treatment of the housekeeper and her spouse , but on the U.S. government 's treatment of the diplomat . "  Is it for U.S. prosecutors to look the other way , ignore the law and the civil rights of victims  again , here an Indian national  , or is it the responsibility of the diplomats and consular officers and their government to make sure the law is observed ? " he asked rhetorically . Bharara defended the handling of the arrest and custody , though his office was not involved . "  Khobragade was accorded courtesies well beyond what other defendants , most of whom are American citizens , are accorded , " he said . "  She was not , as has been incorrectly reported , arrested in front of her children . The agents arrested her in the most discreet way possible , and unlike most defendants , she was not then handcuffed or restrained . " In addition , she was allowed to keep her phone and make calls to arrange personal matters , including child care , he said . "  Because it was cold outside , the agents let her make those calls from their car and even brought her coffee and offered to get her food . It is true that she was fully searched by a female deputy marshal -- in a private setting -- when she was brought into the U.S. Marshals ' custody , but this is standard practice for every defendant , rich or poor , American or not , in order to make sure that no prisoner keeps anything on his person that could harm anyone , including himself . This is in the interests of everyone 's safety . " Bharara acknowledged that the alleged victim 's family has been brought to the United States , but said that that happened after a legal process was initiated in India in an attempt to silence her and compel her to return to India . An injunction was issued in September by the Delhi High Court seeking to stop Richard from "  instituting any actions or proceedings against Dr. Khobragade outside India on the terms or conditions of her employment , " the Indian Embassy said last week in a statement . It said the U.S. government had been asked to find her "  and facilitate the service of an arrest warrant , issued by the Metropolitan Magistrate of the South District Court in New Delhi . " Bharara said it had been necessary to bring Richard 's family to the United States . "  This office and the Justice Department are compelled to make sure that victims , witnesses and their families are safe and secure while cases are pending , " he said . Complaints reach the highest levels Still , the complaints from the Indian government , a close U.S. ally , have reached the highest authorities . President Barack Obama has been briefed on the issue , White House spokesman Jay Carney said . And the top U.S. diplomat , Secretary of State John Kerry , called Indian National Security Adviser Menon on Wednesday and tried to smooth over the ruffled feathers . "  As a father of two daughters about the same age as Devyani Khobragade , the secretary empathizes with the sensitivities we are hearing from India about the events that unfolded after Ms. Khobragade 's arrest , and in his conversation with National Security Adviser Menon he expressed his regret , as well as his concern that we not allow this unfortunate public issue to hurt our close and vital relationship with India , " the State Department said . Asked whether Kerry 's regret was about what happened in New York or the response to it in India , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said , "  Regret on the situation at large , I would say both , honestly . He certainly expressed regret about what happened with this case at large , sort of how this has all played out . " Harf said appropriate procedures appeared to have been followed in the arrest by U.S. marshals , but that conditions surrounding Khobragade 's processing would be examined "  to ensure that all appropriate procedures were followed and every opportunity for courtesy was extended . " Still , the charges stand . Harf also said that Khobragade enjoys "  consular immunity , " a limited diplomatic immunity related to her official duties . Under the 1963 Vienna Convention on Consular Relations , consular officials can be arrested for acts committed outside official job functions . The State Department said Khobragade 's consular immunity does not cover the charges she faces . Indian officials , too , appeared to be intent on keeping the diplomatic eruption from escalating . "  Let me assure you that there is no change in the security situation as regards to any diplomats in India , including U.S. diplomats , " said Syed Akbaruddin , a spokesman for India 's External Affairs Ministry . He said U.S. officials should n't read too much into the removal of cement barriers in front of the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi . "  India is fully committed to ensuring the safety and security of all diplomats in Delhi and elsewhere . So , please do not have any doubts on that score ; we will provide full safety and security within the confines of India law . " Dana Sussman , a lawyer for the housekeeper , said Richard had tried to improve her situation by dealing directly with Khobragade , but the attempts were unsuccessful . The issue goes beyond a labor dispute for Richard and others in similar positions . "  Our clients who work as domestic workers are living in the home with their employers , " she said . "  So , if they leave , they not only leave their legal status , they leave their only source of income , they leave the only home that they 've known in a foreign country . " She said Richard has no passport , is living with friends and has been granted temporary legal status that allows her to remain and work in the United States until the matter is resolved . Richard herself has brought no claim against Khobragade and has no plans to do so , she said . A source who has spoken with Richard said she is in her early 40s and had worked previously with other diplomatic families in India . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Deborah Feyerick , Elise Labott , Harmeet Shah Singh and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Kerry calls India 's national security adviser , expresses "  regret " President Obama has been briefed on the situation India 's deputy consul general was detained and strip-searched She 's accused of visa fraud involving underpaying a housekeeper
CNN  The people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide . Each day is a struggle in many parts of of the country , but there is something you can do to make an impact . We have vetted a list of organizations working in Nepal that have created specific funds for relief efforts , including : -- Nepal Red Cross Society -- ActionAid USA -- Action Against Hunger -- Adventist Development and Relief Agency International -- American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee -- The American Jewish World Service -- AmeriCares -- CARE -- Catholic Relief Services -- ChildFund International -- Concern Worldwide -- Convoy of Hope -- Direct Relief -- dZi Foundation -- Empower Generation -- Global Giving -- Habitat for Humanity -- Handicap International -- Himalayan HealthCare -- International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies -- International Medical Corps -- International Relief Teams -- Islamic Relief USA -- Jewish Federations of North America -- Lutheran World Relief -- MAP International -- Medical Teams International -- MercyCorps -- NFCC International -- Operation Blessing International -- Operation USA -- Oxfam International -- Plan International -- Real Medicine Foundation -- Save the Children -- The Salvation Army -- Samaritan 's Purse -- Seva Foundation -- Shelterbox -- Team Rubicon -- UNICEF -- WaterAid -- The World Food Programme -- World Vision	Aid organizations are still working to help the people of Nepal in the wake of two major earthquakes Thousands were killed in a magnitude 7.8 earthquake in Nepal on April 25 A second quake rocked the country less than three weeks later
San Juan , Puerto Rico  CNN  -- Investigators do n't know if the massive fire at a fuel storage facility near San Juan was deliberately started or was an accident , the agent in charge of the FBI 's San Juan office said Monday . The blaze , which started with an explosion at the Caribbean Petroleum Corp. facility in Bayamon municipality early Friday , was extinguished Sunday , firefighters said . Some of the tanks continued to smolder and crews stood ready to fight any flare-up . "  We do n't know if it 's a crime scene , " said FBI Special Agent Luis Fraticelli . "  We do n't know if it 's an accident , so we 're not making any determinations at this point until our experts do their work , do their analysis and then provide input to us as to what they feel happened here . " Puerto Rico is a territory of the United States . The FBI is investigating graffiti found on two San Juan tunnels that referred to a fire , Special Agent Harry Rodriguez said Friday . A spray-painted message on the tunnels , less than three miles apart , said : "  Boom , fire , RIP , Gulf , Soul , ACNF . " Caribbean Petroleum owns the Gulf Oil brand , but Rodriguez said he did not know what ACNF referred to . Hundreds of firefighters battled the blaze , which began with an explosion early Friday morning . That explosion shook the ground with the force of a 2.8-magnitude earthquake , authorities said . Flames shot into the air while plumes of thick , black smoke hovered over the region . Agents from the FBI and the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives were investigating to determine whether the explosion was an act of sabotage or an accident . Seventeen tanks were destroyed by flames and the initial explosion . Puerto Rico 's governor , Luis Fortuno , said the main priority of his government is to counter any long-term effects of air and water pollution caused by the disaster . Representatives from the Environmental Protection Agency have been checking air quality near the fire . "  We 're not finding levels that would be of concern , " said Bonnie Bellow , EPA spokeswoman . She said the fire had been so intense because it was "  burning off chemicals that are part of the fuel . " About 600 displaced people stayed in shelters on Sunday night , but many were being sent home . Dr. Lorenzo Gonzalez , Puerto Rico 's health secretary , tests conducted on the air and water showed no reason for concern . Because they were placed in close proximity in the facilities , everyone in the shelters and all the emergency personnel were vaccinated against the H1N1 flu virus as a precaution , Gonzalez said . President Obama declared an emergency in Puerto Rico , which frees up federal aid . Fortuno said the blaze has cost the island at least $ 6.4 million . The governor sought to allay fears over gasoline supplies . Caribbean Petroleum owns 200 gas stations in the island and several inland distribution facilities , and supplies much of the island 's fuel . Puerto Rico will receive 3.6 million gallons of regular gasoline , more than 1 million gallons of premium gasoline and more than 1 million gallons of diesel fuel to help make up for what may have been lost , Fortuno said . The company has been cited for violations of the federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act , the main law in the United States that deals with the disposal of solid and hazardous wastes , according to EPA spokeswoman Bellow . Caribbean Petroleum is under a corrective-action plan , she said . CNN 's Rafael Romo and Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	Blaze started with massive explosion early Friday Graffiti found in two San Juan tunnels made reference to fires Puerto Rico to receive fuel imports to make up for what burned
Replete in felt peak caps and with long embroidered coats , the eagle hunters of Kazakhstan are an arresting sight . With golden eagles , some standing almost 3-feet-high perched on their arms , they also carry with pride the Kazakh tradition of hunting using birds of prey that stretches back to the days of Genghis Khan . The practice of hunting with eagles and falcons was almost wiped out by the Soviets who regarded it as a feudal throwback , but thanks to organized eagle-hunting competitions - and a growing interest in Kazakh traditions - the eagle hunters are making a comeback . A bird show at Sunkar Raptor Sanctuary , situated outside the city of Almaty , uses a wolf-skin lure to demonstrate the lethal striking ability of trained eagles . One of the world 's largest birds of prey , a golden eagle can swoop on quarry as large as a wolf , reaching speeds of 120 mph in its initial strike . Its talons can exert pressure of upwards of 200 pounds per square inch , allowing it to hold down prey while ripping into it with a razor-sharp hooked beak . According to Paul Pfander , one the leading bird handlers in Kazakhstan , hunting with eagles is unique to the country and neighboring Kyrgyzstan , noting that there are now some 50 eagle handlers Kazakhstan . "  Most of eagle handlers are happy to make a living posing for photographs for tourists , " says Pfander , but he notes that there is a very small group of around 10 traditional eagle hunters still who ride the Kazakh steppes seeking out live prey . As interest in the Kazakh tradition of falconry and eagling increases , shows such as those at the Sunkar sanctuary are helping to finance programs to preserve the Central Asian habitat of another of the country 's birds of prey , the saker falcon . "  There are a lot more conservation groups now , " says Pfander . "  And they are attracting a lot more money than before . " It 's an important project as Kazakhstan 's falcons , unlike its eagles , are in the sights of poachers . "  I would say in the past two decades the numbers of saker falcons  in Kazakhstan  has dropped by 90 % , " says Pfander . The birds are listed as "  endangered " on the IUCN 's Red List of Threatened Species that notes the species "  may be undergoing a very rapid decline " . Wealthy states in the Middle East like the UAE are the main destination for wild-caught birds , where a falcon perched on the leather glove of a rich Emirati is as potent a status symbol as a private jet or top-end Mercedes . Efforts to send birds back to Kazakhstan , like a recent program by the Abu Dhabi Falcon Hospital to return 66 falcons to their natural habitat , are small in comparison to the size of the market . The 150 birds bred each year as part of the Sunkar Raptor Sanctuary 's breeding program also represent a mere drop in the bucket compared to the estimated thousands smuggled out of the country . The international black market in hunting falcons is estimated to be worth as much as $ 300 million a year , according to conservation groups , with gyr , saker and peregrine falcons commanding as much as $ 200,000 a bird . It is so lucrative that a 2010 documentary called "  Feathered Cocaine " alleged it is linked to the murky world of funding for Islamic terrorism . Pfander believes the problem is a simple equation of too many people , too few nature reserves and a thriving foreign market . "  Now you can drive anywhere in Kazakhstan and this allows people to get to more and more areas of the falcons ' habitat , " he says . "  There are specialist teams operating that capture wild falcons . It 's a very organized , it has its own hierarchy and everyone knows who they are -- it 's a kind of Mafia , " he adds . Despite the problems for the saker falcon , the Kazakh tradition of hunting with birds of prey -- especially the golden eagle - is not likely to die out in the near future . The sheer size of the bird , mixed with the difficulty of training a raptor that can present as much a danger to its handler as its prey , means its numbers in Kazakhstan are presently stable . "  There is just no foreign market for these birds , " says Pfander .	Tradition of hunting with golden eagles remains in Kazakhstan Most handlers survive through doing shows , although some use to hunt Kazakhstan 's falcons targeted by poachers for sale in Middle East Number of native saker falcons in wild is rapidly declining
Washington  CNN  -- Four months ago , North Korea threatened to scrap the 1953 armistice agreement that ended the Korean War and resume hostilities against the United States and South Korea in response to tougher U.N. sanctions against Pyongyang after its latest nuclear test . This week , the famously reclusive dictatorship welcomed a large Western media contingent , including CNN journalists , to cover the 60th anniversary of the armistice . On Saturday , young leader Kim Jong Un made an unprecedented move when he deliberately walked through the throng of foreign media as he toured a new museum commemorating what North Korea calls its victory in the Korean civil war . Such a shift in public posturing is common for North Korea , which is known for bellicose threats followed by diplomatic overtures intended to wring desperately needed aid and concessions from the outside world . Fast facts : Korean War "  This is just a recurring pattern . Nothing special , " said Kongdan "  Katy " Oh , a Brookings Institution senior fellow who specializes in East Asia . The outward appearance of possible change in North Korea under Kim after decades of secretive dictatorship comes amid strained relations with its powerful neighbor and benefactor , China . It followed followed Xi Jinping 's ascendancy to power in China , which essentially props up North Korea through its economic ties and aid . Since Xi became head of the ruling Communist Party last November , Beijing has signaled growing impatience with Pyongyang 's tactics . In March , less than a week before Xi also became president , China joined the rest of the U.N. Security Council in backing tougher sanctions against North Korea in response to Pyongyang 's nuclear test in February . Pondering Pyongyang : Beijing 's problem child The sanctions prompted the war threats by North Korea and test-firing of missiles , raising tension on the Korean peninsula . Oh explained that China was angry with Kim for a December satellite launch in violation of U.N. resolutions that raised regional tensions during Xi 's transition to power . The February nuclear test further exacerbated China 's anger , she said . Before Xi headed to the United States for a trip that included a June meeting with President Barack Obama , North Korea sent an envoy to China who got treated "  like cold rice , " according to Oh . Kurt Campbell , who recently served as U.S. assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific Affairs , told CNN before the Xi-Obama meeting that the Chinese "  have just about had it with North Korea . "  They recognize that the steps that they have taken -- nuclear provocations -- are creating the context for more military activities on the part of the United States and other countries that ultimately are not in China 's best strategic interests , " Campbell said then . However , Oh dismissed any chance that China would use its leverage to try to force reforms in North Korea , saying the history and structure of the military backed dictatorship made it impossible for Kim to undo the legacy of this father and grandfather . Opinion : What Obama should tell China 's Xi about North Korea The satellite launch in December and nuclear test in February were Kim 's way of establishing his leadership with the military , on which his power depends , Oh explained . She likened North Korea to an impoverished African dictatorship that happened to have nuclear weapons . Now , with chronic food shortages exacerbated in the months before the harvest , Kim is putting on what Oh called "  an early summer charm offensive " to ensure his regime gets all the aid and economic benefit available from China and others . That means allowing in the Western media for the armistice commemoration events and reportedly signaling support for resuming long-suspended six-party talks on curtailing North Korea 's nuclear program . In addition , recent visits from Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt and former U.S. basketball star Dennis Rodman have boosted North Korea 's popularity as a travel destination . Tour operators say a record number of foreigners were coming to this year 's Arirang Festival , a seven-week celebration of gymnastics and music that began Monday at Pyongyang 's May Day Stadium . To Oh , it amounts to cosmetic changes rather than anything close to real reform . On Friday , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported that Kim supported China 's call for resuming the six-party talks with the United States , South Korea and others . According to Xinhua , Kim 's backing for more six-party talks came after he met with Chinese Vice President Li Yuanchao , the highest-level Chinese official to visit North Korea since Kim took power in 2011 after the death of his father , longtime dictator Kim Jong Il . However , a report on Li 's visit by the North Korea 's state-run Korean Central News Agency made no mention of his call for resuming the nuclear talks or Kim 's supporting it . Behind the veil : A rare look at life in North Korea CNN 's Diana Chan , Tim Schwarz and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Reclusive North Korea opens a little for the 60th anniversary of the Korean War armistice An Asia expert calls it "  an early summer charm offensive " North Korea 's young leader needs aid due to food shortages before the harvest Even benefactor China is fed up with North Korean tactics that increase regional tension
CNN  James Best , best known for his portrayal of bumbling sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane on TV 's "  The Dukes of Hazzard , " died Monday after a brief illness . He was 88 . Best died in hospice in Hickory , North Carolina , of complications from pneumonia , said Steve Latshaw , a longtime friend and Hollywood colleague . Although he 'd been a busy actor for decades in theater and in Hollywood , Best did n't become famous until 1979 , when "  The Dukes of Hazzard 's " cornpone charms began beaming into millions of American homes almost every Friday night . For seven seasons , Best 's Rosco P. Coltrane chased the moonshine-running Duke boys back and forth across the back roads of fictitious Hazzard County , Georgia , although his "  hot pursuit " usually ended with him crashing his patrol car . Although Rosco was slow-witted and corrupt , Best gave him a childlike enthusiasm that got laughs and made him endearing . His character became known for his distinctive "  kew-kew-kew " chuckle and for goofy catchphrases such as "  cuff 'em and stuff 'em ! " upon making an arrest . Among the most popular shows on TV in the early '80s , "  The Dukes of Hazzard " ran until 1985 and spawned TV movies , an animated series and video games . Several of Best 's "  Hazzard " co-stars paid tribute to the late actor on social media . "  I laughed and learned more from Jimmie in one hour than from anyone else in a whole year , " co-star John Schneider , who played Bo Duke , said on Twitter . "  Give Uncle Jesse my love when you see him dear friend . " "  Jimmy Best was the most constantly creative person I have ever known , " said Ben Jones , who played mechanic Cooter on the show , in a Facebook post . "  Every minute of his long life was spent acting , writing , producing , painting , teaching , fishing , or involved in another of his life 's many passions . " Born Jewel Guy on July 26 , 1926 , in Powderly , Kentucky , Best was orphaned at 3 and adopted by Armen and Essa Best , who renamed him James and raised him in rural Indiana . Best served in the Army during World War II before launching his acting career . In the 1950s and 1960s , he accumulated scores of credits , playing a range of colorful supporting characters in such TV shows as "  The Twilight Zone , " "  Bonanza , " "  The Andy Griffith Show " and "  Gunsmoke . " He later appeared in a handful of Burt Reynolds ' movies , including "  Hooper " and "  The End . " But Best will always be best known for his "  Hazzard " role , which lives on in reruns . "  Jimmie was my teacher , mentor , close friend and collaborator for 26 years , " Latshaw said . "  I directed two of his feature films , including the recent ` Return of the Killer Shrews , ' a sequel he co-wrote and was quite proud of as he had made the first one more than 50 years earlier . " People we 've lost in 2015 CNN 's Stella Chan contributed to this story .	James Best , who played the sheriff on "  The Dukes of Hazzard , " died Monday at 88 "  Hazzard " ran from 1979 to 1985 and was among the most popular shows on TV
CNN  -- For Alesandra Rain , it all started with sleeplessness . In 1993 she was having marital troubles and her business was n't doing well . Anxiety kept her up at night , so her general practitioner prescribed sleeping pills . "  It worked fabulously . I felt very relaxed and I would sleep better , " Rain remembers . "  I thought this was certainly the right prescription for me . " Then a few weeks later , another symptom developed . "  It was so unusual . I started having bronchitis and lung infections , " she recalls . She went to a pulmonologist who prescribed an antibiotic . Another complication soon followed . "  My heart started skipping beats , so I was referred to a cardiologist , " explains Rain , who says other than a series of surgeries after a car accident , she had been completely healthy until this point in her life . The cardiologist ran a few tests and prescribed medication to treat arrhythmias . It did n't end there . Eventually she developed seizures . At this point , she was already taking at least six different prescriptions from three separate specialists . She went to see a neurologist who prescribed an anti-seizure medication on top of that . "  My whole day became pills and doctors and shots , " she says . Rain 's insomnia returned as things continued to spiral out of control . Despite all the testing and prescriptions , she says no one could figure out the problem . She was put on temporary disability . Depression followed . "  When I finally got to a shrink of course I was depressed , because no one could figure out what was wrong with me ! It never occurred to me that it might be the pills themselves . " Too many drugs , too little communication At her worst , Rain was under the care of a general practitioner , pulmonologist , cardiologist , pain management specialist and a psychiatrist . She was spending more than $ 900 a month , taking 12 different types of medication , amounting to about a thousand pills a month . "  That 's what I call prescription multiplication , " says Michael Wincor , an associate professor of clinical pharmacy , psychiatry and the behavioral sciences at the University of Southern California . He says it is not uncommon for patients to receive multiple prescriptions from different specialists , each focusing on a specific symptom . Wincor says it can be potentially dangerous for the patient , especially if the various physicians are n't communicating with one another . "  A patient could have adverse effects and think the medical condition is getting worse , when in fact it is a side effect of several different medications which are all interacting in a negative way , " Wincor says . "  When you 're on more than 20 drugs all at the same time , you 'd want to question whether or not that 's really necessary . " According to the Kaiser Family Foundation , prescription drug usage in the United States is continuing to rise . A recent report finds the number of prescriptions filled each year increased by 39 % between 1999 and 2009 , and the amount of money spent was $ 234 billion in 2008 . The average American fills 12 prescriptions each year . "  Many side effects from drug interactions  not all  are exacerbations of known side effects of the single drugs that are made worse by the two drugs together , " says Dr. Russ Altman , a professor of bioengineering , genetics and medicine at Stanford University . He co-authored a study in the journal Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics that found a widely prescribed antidepressant used in conjunction with a common cholesterol-lowering medication caused unexpected increases in blood sugar levels . Altman says most drugs are tested and approved independently , and it can be difficult to predict the side effects of drug combinations . "  It is very hard to find these in advance of release of the drug , because sometimes these effects will only manifest in the context of large numbers of patients , " he explains . "  I do n't think people really understand the nature of medication ; the  drugs  will , by definition , have some toxic , collateral side effects , " says Dr. Douglas Bremner , a professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Emory University . His 2008 book "  Before You Take that Pill " warned patients of the risks and benefits of some commonly prescribed drugs . Bremner says medications clearly do a lot of good and are needed in many situations , but warns that when a patient is on too many ay once , there are serious questions about whether the therapeutic benefits outweigh the collateral . "  When you end up on 12 prescription medications you need to seriously look at what the situation is , " he says . "  At that point , there 's no way of knowing what 's causing what anymore . " "  I do n't want to do this anymore " Wincor recommends patients fulfill all their prescriptions at one pharmacy , especially if they are receiving treatment from multiple practitioners . "  Often the pharmacist is the best point person because they 're the last stop before the prescription hits the hand of the patient and are ready to be taken . " He says the most important thing is to have one person who is keeping track of the various drugs and how they could interact . If you ca n't have a single overall manager of treatment , experts suggest keeping a list of all your prescriptions and showing the list to any physician introducing a new medication . Altman says , when possible , introducing new medications one at a time can help you recognize side effects and interactions earlier . You can potentially trace them to the most recent drug added , he says . Bremner also advises patients to check out websites like Medications.com and Askapatient.com and read the experiences others have had with the medication you have just been prescribed . "  Patients should become more educated about the effects and not just blindly take what is given to them . " Alesandra Rain says she reached her tipping point in 2003 . "  I opened my medicine cabinet and saw it lined with prescription pill bottles , " she remembers . "  I looked at myself in the mirror . My skin was gray , I was hunched over in pain , my eyes were swollen and I had no quality of life . I thought , ' I do n't want to do this anymore . ' " She decided to quit taking all her prescriptions cold turkey -- something neither she nor other experts recommend for any patient . "  You ca n't go cold turkey off that many pills without doing some damage , " Rain says . She eventually enrolled in a drug rehab facility that helps victims of substance abuse . Today , Rain runs a company called Point of Return , which educates patients about the effects of prescription medications and helps them outline an "  exit strategy " for safely tapering off highly addictive varieties of prescription drugs . "  I spent 10 years on the pills before I realized there was no exit strategy . It was always more drugs , never less . " says Rain , who later learned the cause of her initial insomnia was a B-12 vitamin deficiency . She is now taking one daily multivitamin . "  My life became nothing but a bag of pills , and I just thought there has to be a different way . "	At one point , Alesandra Rain was seeing six specialists Experts say ideally patients on multiple prescriptions should get them fulfilled by one pharmacist Report : Average American fills 12 prescriptions each year
TIME.com  -- President William Howard Taft has the dubious honor of being America 's heaviest leader , weighing in at 314 pounds during his tenure in the White House . Concerned about how his weight would affect his health , and therefore his ability to serve , in December 1905 , the soon-to-be president wrote to English physician and diet expert Nathaniel E. Yorke-Davies for advice . At the time , there was little appreciation for how potentially harmful excessive weight could be , and doctors like Yorke-Davies were just beginning to link symptoms like poor sleep and heartburn to obesity , and to advise their more corpulent patients about the importance of slimming down . Taft was apparently uncomfortable with the symptoms of restless sleep and indigestion that resulted from his girth , and hired Yorke-Davies to create a weight loss plan , writing that "  no real gentleman weighs more than 300 pounds . " Taft and Yorke-Davies exchanged letters over 10 years , with the president providing intimate details of what he ate , how often he exercised , and even how frequently he had bowel movements . Deborah Levine , a professor in the department of health policy and management at Providence College , analyzed the contents of this correspondence to better understand how contemporary recommendations about obesity have evolved . What 's striking about her report , published in the Annals of Internal Medicine , is how stubbornly unchanged the best advice about controlling obesity remains from Taft 's time in the White House , from 1909 to 1913 , to the present day . TIME.com : Menu makeover -- is fast food finally changing ? Yorke-Davies recommended that Taft try the following diet : 8 a.m. . A tumbler of hot water with lemon , sipped slowly . 9 a.m. Breakfast : unsweetened tea or coffee , "  two or three Gluten biscuits , " and 6 ounces of lean grilled meat . 12:30 p.m. Lunch : 4 ounces of lean meat , 4 ounces of cooked green vegetables without butter , 3 ounces of baked or stewed unsweetened fruit , 1 gluten biscuit , and 1 of the recommended "  sugarless " wines . Afternoon cup of tea , coffee , or beef tea without milk or sugar advised . 7-8 p.m. , Dinner : clear soup , 4 ounces of fish , 5 ounces of meat , 8 ounces of vegetables , and 4 ounces of stewed fruit . Plain salad and 2 gluten biscuits , if desired . A list of vegetables and condiments were recommended for variation . How does this regimen compare to today 's weight loss programs ? Dr. Eric Rimm , an associate professor of epidemiology and nutrition at Harvard School of Public Health , thought the diet would have been quite a challenge for Taft , and recognized many good intentions but little in the way of motivational support for the struggling president . Rimm notes that doctors have since learned more about how to help heavier patients to apply the same principles to achieve more lasting success in shedding pounds . Mix it up During the correspondence , Taft lost 60 pounds , but it took time , and at one point he actually gained 19 pounds back . "  Willpower can only last so long , even if you 're the president of the United States , " says Rimm . "  He just got fed up with it and thought it was boring and gained all the weight back and more . That 's the classic problem we still see today . " Rimm says Taft 's diet looks pretty unappealing , and being forced to follow such a strict schedule every day can quickly lose its flair . "  I do n't know what it was like to be alive in 1905 , but it looks like it 's very food-focused and not flavor-focused , " he says . "  If you have will power and you follow this diet , it works . He was eating this every day and it was working for him . His friends were telling him he looked good , and it was going great , but he said he was hungry all the time . " The current U.S. Department of Agriculture dietary guidelines recommend a variety of foods that both fulfill our daily nutritional needs and keeps people interested in eating and enjoying the food they eat every day . TIME.com : Weight loss apps -- do n't waste your money Do n't be too strict , be realistic Yorke-Davies gave Taft a list of allowed foods and a list of forbidden foods , which contemporary doctors know is n't the most effective way to encourage better eating habits . "  I do n't think that 's the healthiest way to approach eating a healthy diet . People treating themselves occasionally might be a good thing , and it keeps things in perspective , " says Rimm . There are certainly foods that you should avoid , such as high fat red meats and sugared beverages , but being too strict can also backfire . People need to be realistic about whether they can restrict their diet , especially in social situations . Taft often complained that it was too hard for him to refuse foods at events like political dinners . "  Going on a diet and thinking you can do it in a vacuum is very hard , " says Rimm . Sometimes you need to make exceptions , especially if your job demands it . Imagine if President Obama refused a meal during a meeting -- or if any politician refused the regional fare on an official visit . Being realistic about a diet means not cutting out any foods but eating a diversity of foods in moderation . TIME.com : When good celebrities promote bad foods Eat breakfast "  The one thing that was done right is that breakfast was included . People choose to skip breakfast to save on calories but that does n't tend to work in the long-term , " says Rimm . Eat fruits and vegetables Although Taft 's veggies may not have been prepared with the same range of tastes and seasonings available today , produce was still an important part of his diet plan . Talk to someone The most successful diet plans and diet programs usually involve some communication between the patient and either other dieters or health care personnel who support their weight loss efforts and help them to stay motivated and track their progress . For instance , Weight Watchers offers users both the ability to track their eating and exercise , as well as attend support groups to discuss victories and challenges . "  That seems to be something that helped Taft , and kept him from quitting sooner , " says Rimm , of the weekly letters he wrote to Yorke-Davies . "  It 's amazing to us in this day and age of instantaneous communication that there would be days between the correspondence between Taft and Yorke-Davies , but that was still enough . " You have to exercise Yorke-Davies urged Taft to get some exercise every day , and Taft tried to comply , generally by going on a horse back ride . But given how much Taft continued to struggle with getting slimmer , he was likely still taking in more calories than he was burning off . TIME.com : Finding your fitness limit "  Most diets do n't work unless you do some sort of activity , " says Rimm . Taft was n't the only commander in chief to confront weight issues , but his revealing correspondence should be reassuring to anyone today who is trying to lose weight . There is no magic formula for shedding pounds ; even presidents , it seems , have to watch what they eat and exercise regularly to avoid obesity . Read on for diet tips from the rest of the United States ' heaviest leaders . This story was originally published on TIME.com	At the time of Taft 's presidency , there was little knowledge of how harmful excess weight could be Professor analyzed letters between Taft and his physician to understand Taft 's diet The best advice about controlling obesity remains pretty much unchanged
CNN  Thanks to the resilience of U.S. workers and businesses of all sizes , "  Made in America " is making a comeback . According to data released last week by the Department of Commerce , American businesses exported $ 2.35 trillion in goods and services in 2014 , hitting a record high for the fifth straight year . The United States sold more to our 20 free trade partners than ever before and logged record exports to more than 50 overseas markets . This is good news all around -- for our economy , workers and wages . After all , U.S. exports have been one of the primary drivers of America 's economic resurgence , contributing one-third of our economic growth since 2009 and supporting 11.3 million jobs in 2013 . With those jobs paying up to 18 % more , on average , than jobs not related to exports , trade promotion has an important role to play in boosting the incomes of middle class Americans . Yet America 's recovery remains incomplete , and unfair foreign practices are threatening our progress . Today , many of our workers are competing against counterparts in countries that lack basic labor rights . Meanwhile , some foreign governments are further skewing the playing field by providing subsidies and encouraging competition without concern for the environment . At stake is not merely America 's status as a place that makes real things , but more fundamentally , the strength of our middle class and the sanctity of our values . When worker rights are n't respected abroad , the human toll is measured both in American jobs and in a deficit of dignity for workers around the world . Likewise , the absence of environmental protections beyond our borders puts workers and businesses at a competitive disadvantage here at home while jeopardizing the health of our waters , wildlife , air and other treasures that span national boundaries . In the face of these challenges , trade agreements are among our best tools for defending American interests and values . Just look at the Trans-Pacific Partnership , an agreement that the United States is negotiating with 11 other countries in the Asia-Pacific and which includes nearly 40 % of the global economy . If agreement can be reached , the deal would grow U.S. exports by more than $ 120 billion a year , one study estimates , and support more well-paying jobs . Most importantly , the TPP will allow the United States to level the playing field for our workers and businesses in the world 's fastest-growing region . At present , American autoworkers are handicapped by tariffs that can reach 30 % in rapidly growing markets such as Malaysia . For their part , American farmers are forced to contend with tariffs as high as 40 % on poultry in Vietnam . In these industries and others , TPP will eliminate or significantly reduce barriers to U.S. exports . Additionally , TPP will contain the toughest environmental and labor protections of any trade agreement in history , including the first provisions to combat the trade in illegal wildlife and the products of illegal fishing , among other advances . The benefits of TPP are clear , while the alternative to leading on trade is alarming . In recent years , countries in the Asia-Pacific have struck over 200 trade agreements , while U.S. companies and workers have largely missed out . China has been extremely active , and we can not afford to sit on the sidelines . While passing TPP will start a race to the top , ceding leadership to others could result in a race to the bottom . Not leading on trade would undercut our capacity to safeguard labor rights , environmental protections , a free and open Internet , a level playing field between state-owned companies and our private businesses , and a host of provisions which unite America 's interests and values . Getting this done will require unity of effort . In calling for bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority , President Barack Obama has invited Congress to assert its role on trade and provide guidance to the executive branch , including on issues that have emerged since that authority was last updated in 2002 , such as the role of state-owned companies and the digital economy . As the President said during his State of the Union address , 95 % of the world 's customers live outside the United States . No savvy entrepreneur would leave that much of the market untapped . Passing a bipartisan trade promotion bill is an important step toward opening those markets , unlocking opportunity for all Americans and advancing the first trade agenda that 's as progressive as it is pro-growth .	American businesses exported $ 2.35 trillion in goods and services in 2014 Penny Pritzker and Mike Froman : Unfair foreign practices threaten U.S. progress
CNN  The father of baby Lily , found by rescuers after her mother 's car flipped into a river , says she 's doing great and that he feels blessed . Rescuers found the toddler Saturday hanging upside down in the car , which had crashed into a frigid Utah river a day before . Lily 's mother , Lynn Jennifer Groesbeck , died in the crash that had landed their car on its roof in the Spanish Fork River . She was 25 . Deven Trafny , 34 , was out of town on a job at the time of the accident , CNN affiliate KUTV reported . He rushed to his daughter 's side as soon as he heard . "  I  came in , I put my finger in her hand , and I told her her Dad was here , and I love her , " he told reporters Wednesday . "  I have n't left her bedside since , and I 've just been here just sitting next to her waiting for her to get better so she can come home . " Trafny said that Lily is awake and has been singing nursery rhymes . Video of the two of them at a hospital shows her waving at a camera . "  She knows everything she knew before anything happened . It 's amazing . Doctors say it 's amazing , " he said . How did toddler survive car crash in Utah river ? Lily might have died unseen with her mother had a man not gone fishing in that particular spot Saturday . The angler waded into the river around noon , then noticed the car wheels-up in the water . The fisherman called emergency dispatch . The water was so cold that , when the rescue was over , seven of the men involved had to be treated for hypothermia . They heaved the car onto its side and saw Groesbeck in the driver 's seat . It was clear to them that she was dead . Lily was still strapped into her seat , where she may have been for 14 hours , if the wreck occurred at about 10:30 Friday night , as police believe . Trafny described Groesbeck as the love of his life , according to KUTV : "  I 'm going to miss her a lot . I still have to deal with that . " But he also considers himself lucky to still have his daughter -- healthy and alive . "  I 'm just blessed . I 'm counting all my blessings right now , " said Trafny . CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Baby Lily was trapped in the car in the cold river for as long as 14 hours "  She knows everything she knew before anything happened . It 's amazing , " father says Lily 's mother , Lynn Jennifer Groesbeck , died in the crash
She 's back . Socialist Michelle Bachelet , who was Chile 's president from 2006 to 2010 , cruised to victory in Sunday 's presidential runoff . With more than 93 % of votes counted , she won 62.3 % of votes , election officials said . Evelyn Matthei of the conservative Independent Democratic Union party garnered 37.7 % of votes and conceded the election . "  I shall be a president for everyone in Chile , " Bachelet said during a congratulatory phone call from President Sebastian Pinera . She will take over from him in March . In her victory speech , Bachelet promised to improve education and work for equality . She thanked her supporters . "  Thanks to the millions of people who , today , have demonstrated with their vote that they believe in me -- just like I believe in you , " she said . Bachelet was the first female president of Chile and left office with high approval ratings . In 2010 , she was tapped to head U.N. Women , a United Nations agency created to promote gender equality around the world . Chilean voters first cast ballots last month , but no candidate secured enough votes then to declare victory . The South American country 's constitution requires a presidential candidate to garner more than 50 % of votes to win . Presidents are prohibited from seeking immediate re-election .	"  I shall be a president for everyone in Chile , " says Bachelet She was Chile 's president from 2006 to 2010 With more than 93 % of ballots counted , Bachelet wins 62.3 % of votes Evelyn Matthei garners 37.7 % of votes , election officials say
CNN  -- The designs painted on planes help distinguish one airline from another , using colors that promote and represent the brands . But with frequent mergers and acquisitions in the industry over recent years , traffic in and out of paint shops has increased to keep planes updated with new airline identities . The latest to emerge from a respray , covering the remnants of bankruptcy , is American Airlines . US Airways and American Airlines will form the largest airline in the world by passenger numbers , worth an estimated $ 11 billion . The new company will retain the American Airlines name , but it will have up to 73 aircraft repainted by the end of this year to reflect its new branding . The former look of its planes features a silver , bare-metal finish with a red , white and blue stripe running along the body , its iconic logo of an eagle and double A adorning the tailfins . The new design covers the planes in silver paint and puts stripes on the tail . "  It brings American into the Apple age with its nice reflective coating , " says Sudeep Ghai , a strategist with Athena Aviation , and airline management consulting firm . "  I think where there are challenges are perhaps some of the brand mark elements that have been left behind , which have been around for 40 years , " Ghai says , referring to the airline 's logo , which has been radically changed . In recent years , the six major U.S. carriers have consolidated into three . Northwest Airlines was completely absorbed when it merged with Delta in 2008 . Two years later , Continental merged with United . With each merger , airlines must choose carefully which parts of brands to hold onto . In the case of Continental and United , the newly formed company kept Continental 's distinctive logo of a yellow globe . "  They did a very sensible thing , actually . They retained the United name -- the more recognized name worldwide -- with the Continental logo , " says Willie Walsh , the CEO of International Airlines Group , the parent company of British Airways . "  And I think that was meant to bring the Continental people into the business . There 's a sense of inclusiveness , which I think was a smart move . " There are instances of companies getting the rebranding wrong , Walsh says , like the unpopular tailfin designs on British Airways planes in the late 1990s . "  But out of that came something fantastic : the Chatham flag , the livery that we have on our aircraft today , " he says . Acquisitions and the new coats of paint that often follow have been cropping up across Europe , too . After IAG bought the airline British Midland International from Lufthansa last year , dozens of BMI 's planes needed to be repainted to reflect its new branding , a process that used around 750 liters of spray paint per plane . Meanwhile , Lufthansa is getting ready to relaunch Germanwings , a low-cost airline that it acquired in 2009 . Part of the preparations involves repainting the fleet in the new Germanwings livery , which incorporates colors that signify Lufthansa 's ownership . "  We decided we needed a fresh approach . And what you see in our new livery is Lufthansa 's yellow colors and our raspberry colors , " says Thomas Winkelmann , the CEO of Germanwings . And passengers can expect more fresh paint jobs ahead , as the flailing airline industry continues to see mergers as a way to strengthen businesses . "  It happens on a slow-drip basis , " Walsh said , "  but I think we 'll see more consolidation , and I think the industry recognizes that it is a positive development . "	Consolidation of airlines has led to name and logo changes American Airlines latest of established airlines to repaint its fleet Airlines must choose carefully which parts of merged brands to hold on to 750 liters of paint needed to respray a Boeing 777
Washington  CNN  -- Acting at the request of an air traffic controller , the pilot of a Southwest Airlines B-737 pulled within one-tenth of a mile of a small , four-seat aircraft last month to check on pilot of the smaller plane , who had not responded to radio calls , the National Transportation Safety Board said Friday . The March 27 incident was publicized days after it happened , when Federal Aviation Administrator Randy Babbitt suspended the air traffic controller , for "  compromising the safety " of the planes ' occupants . But the details released Friday for the first time show just how close the two planes came . According to the NTSB , the planes came within 0.1 miles of each other , far closer then the required separation of three miles . They also were separated by 100 feet in altitude , less than the 1,000 feet required , the NTSB reported . The incident happened 11,000 feet over central Florida , when controllers at the Central Florida TRACON , a regional radar facility , were unsuccessful in contacting the pilot of the Cirrus SR22 , which was en route to Kissimmee , Florida . The plane had been out of radio contact with the Jacksonville Center for more than an hour . A TRACON controller sought the assistance of Southwest Airlines flight 821 , which was then 10 miles from the smaller aircraft , asking the Southwest pilot "  to attempt to verify the condition of the occupants " of the Cirrus , the NTSB said . The Southwest pilot "  obliged , " and controllers guided the jetliner towards the unresponsive plane . A separate radar scope was set up and a single frequency was used by a front-line manager who provided instructions to the Southwest jet . When the Southwest jet was about five miles from the smaller plane , the pilot reported seeing the plane visually and on a collision avoidance system . The jet "  maneuvered on his own alongside of " the smaller plane , the NTSB said . The crew reported seeing "  two occupants in the Cirrus and no apparent movement from them " before being vectored away to its Orlando destination . The FAA said both planes landed safely . Southwest Airlines reported in March that it had suspended the pilot of the jetliner pending an investigation . Both the FAA and NTSB are investigating . Neither has issued any findings or conclusions . Aviation authorities say the protocol for intercepting unresponsive aircraft is to scramble military jets . "  By placing this passenger aircraft in close proximity to another plane , the air traffic controller compromised the safety of everyone involved , " FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt said in a statement in March . "  This incident was totally inappropriate . " "  We are reviewing the air traffic procedures used here and making sure everyone understands the protocols for contacting unresponsive aircraft , " Babbitt said . Southwest Airlines said the flight had 137 passengers and a crew of five .	The March 27 incident was publicized days after it happened Details released Friday show planes came within 0.1 miles of each other Incident happened 11,000 feet over central Florida Controllers asked jetliner to check on small plane unresponsive to radio calls
CNN  Most athlete 's best days are behind them by the time they reach their 30th birthday , but Ásgeir Sigurgeirsson is hoping that passing that landmark can trigger more success in his shooting career . Having won a string of national titles in recent years , the Icelandic pistol marksman is now looking to transfer the success he 's enjoyed at home onto the international stage . Time and statistics are on his side , he thinks . "  I 'm 29 years old and the average age of the top 20 shooters in the world is about 34 or 35 so I 'm still not at my peak , " Sigurgeirsson told CNN 's Human to Hero series . Raised in Kopavogur , a southern suburb of capital Reykjavik , Sigurgeirsson was encouraged to take up the sport by his father when he was a teenager . "  I was 17 years old when I started shooting . My dad felt like I needed a hobby -- he 's a shooter himself -- so he took me to one practice and there was just no turning back from there . " Initially , he would make the trip to the range once a week and it soon became clear that he had a natural flair for the sport . "  I was getting decent results in Iceland . I was shooting better than men who had been shooting for 10 years or so . So then I wanted more and it just escalated very quickly and I do n't know , in four years , I think I was one of the best in Iceland . " Now Iceland 's undisputed No. 1 , Sigurgeirsson competes in the 10-meter air pistol and 50-meter free pistol -- two of the 10 shooting events currently on the Olympic program . "  With the air pistol , the pellets are propelled by compressed air . The free pistol is a 0.22 caliber , " he explains . "  I started with the 10m pistol -- that gives you the best foundation for all shooting events -- and then it just escalated . I got good at the air pistol and the free pistol is very similar and it improves the chances of getting to the Olympics if you shoot in both . " The margins between success and failure are often fine in sport , but in competitive shooting they are perhaps at their finest , with millimeters the difference between joy and heartbreak . In the 10m pistol , the center of the target  which scores a maximum 10 points  is roughly the size of a one-cent coin , says the International Shooting Sports Federation  ISSF  , while at 50m the bullseye is 50mm  around two inches  in diameter -- the same size as a small espresso cup . Despite having to hold a job down at a local communications company , Sigurgeirsson manages to train six times a week , cramming in around five hours practice per day , on average . Mental strength As the Icelander 's slight frame testifies , shooting is not so much about physical strength -- although it takes time to perfect holding a one-kilo gun steady , he says -- but mental training is absolutely key . "  It 's physically demanding but not as much as most of the sports , but the mental strain is much more . You have to concentrate very deeply and you have to go into yourself somehow . It 's difficult to explain . It 's basically meditation , " he says . "  You 're not really thinking about the shot , it 's just a feel . You 're just waiting for the right moment but you never decide to pull the trigger , it just goes and you just instantly know if it 's a good shot or not . " Sigurgeirsson is mostly happy honing his skills alone at his local shooting range -- a situation that suits his "  introvert " character -- but he never passes up the opportunity to train with his peers either in person or online . "  I go to Italy to training camps , so I get to train with the Italian national team and we have Internet competitions like once a week . I shoot against a person in the Italian team and they 're very good so it 's always very challenging , " he says . "  I love this constant demand to improve yourself and if something goes wrong , you can only blame yourself . There are no excuses . " Aiming for success Sigurgeirsson has enjoyed unparalleled national success in recent years winning eight national titles in a row and holds the Icelandic record in both his events . He has also shot his way to three gold medals and a silver at the Games of the Small States of Europe -- a biennial competition where eight of the continents smaller nations  Iceland , Andorra , Luxembourg , Monaco , San Marino , Cyprus , Liechtenstein , Malta and Montenegro  compete across 11 sporting disciplines . Iceland is gearing up to host the 16th edition of the games later this year , but medal success on the bigger sporting stages has proved elusive thus far . He competed in the 2012 Olympics in London , becoming Iceland 's first ever Olympic pistol shooter , but failed to make the 10m final and finished eighth in the same event at the 2013 European championships . But with time on his side , Sigurgeirsson is quietly confident that he can hit the bullseye in the years ahead . "  My plan for the future is definitely to be one of the best . I know I can do it and I think I will ... I 'm pretty sure I will . "	Ásgeir Sigurgeirsson in the No. 1 sports shooter in Iceland The 29-year-old has yet to reach his peak , he says Took up shooting when he was 17 years old Top shooters enter meditative state of mind to focus when competing , he says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- For someone who claims to be incredibly laid back , Jason Mraz is certainly piling up the accomplishments . Jason Mraz was recently honored with a songwriting award for his work , which includes the hit "  I 'm Yours . " The singer-songwriter was the recipient of the Hal David Starlight Award at last week 's Songwriters Hall of Fame inductee ceremony in New York . The honor typically goes to newcomers striking a chord in the music industry . Or , as Mraz puts it , "  I hope it has something to do with their savvy freshness . " Mraz , who turned 32 this week and took his parents to the celebratory dinner at the Marriott Marquis Hotel in Times Square June 18 , says he feels great about the honor . "  I never thought my songs would escape my bedroom , " he said . "  To have the music shared all around the world , and to be acknowledged by communities like this ... it 's inspiring . " Mraz 's 2008 album "  We Sing . We Dance . We Steal Things " has been a runaway success , with more than 2.5 million copies sold worldwide . It also led to three Grammy nominations , including song of the year and best male pop vocal performance for the reggae-inflected hit "  I 'm Yours . " Mraz  whose name reflects his family 's Czech heritage  hits the festival circuit overseas before kicking off his stateside "  Gratitude Café Tour " July 25 . The tour 's quirky title was inspired by a wholesome San Francisco , California , restaurant Mraz loves . A fan of maintaining a diet of predominantly raw foods , Mraz is also a farmer of sorts : He owns an avocado farm in his home city of San Diego , California . He 's also a juggler , a skill Mraz taught himself during the downtime that comes with touring . Watch the multitalented Mraz perform " Mraz shared tales of his avocado farm , as well as what it 's like to get the cold shoulder from Simon Cowell , when he sat down with CNN recently . CNN : So , you live on an avocado farm . What 's that like ? Jason Mraz : It 's fantastic . Anytime you 're harvesting something in your yard -- whether you have a small herb garden or I 've got avocados , and now we have a solar system so we 're also harvesting sun energy , which is great -- for me that 's when I became an environmentalist . I was like , "  Wait a second . This is my environment . This is my piece of the Earth that I 'm responsible for . " Yes , the trees give me avocado and fruit that we sell and we eat tons of , but I feel like I have a role to play back to that , too . So it 's cool . CNN : So if you 're at home , daily how many avocados would you eat ? Mraz : At least two . Sometimes three or four . CNN : So you must have very nice oily skin . Mraz : I do , thank you . It 's the avocado . I just lather it on . CNN : Do you really ? Mraz : I do . Yeah , why not ? I 've got tons of them ! CNN : Do you cook ? Mraz : I prepare . There 's not much cooking in our household . We do a lot of raw food so it 's more about putting the right ingredients together to create something scrumptious . See Mraz 's chocomole recipe CNN : When eating healthy is so important to you , how difficult is that to maintain when you 're traveling around the world so much ? Mraz : Well , I bring tons of backup supplies with me . CNN : How did you like performing on the "  American Idol " final ?  Mraz performed "  I 'm Yours " with contestants Anoop Desai and Alexis Grace . Mraz : I loved it . It was such a great event . And I have compassion for every one of those kids that dares audition . I was n't a contestant . I was just there to sing , and when I saw Simon at the end of that panel I freaked out . I was like , "  What does he think ? " And then I had to stop myself and say "  Dude , you 're not a contestant . " He 's aloof . But I watched during the rest of the night and he did it to all the acts . That 's just his way . CNN : Do you think you could hack it as an "  American Idol " contestant ? Mraz : It is really tough . I watch what those guys do backstage between songs and their weekly schedule is super intense -- to learn new songs , to shoot videos , to learn dance moves and all this . They actually go through a pretty amazing transformation during the course of that show . I just do n't know that I could commit myself to something like that . I 'm a little more laid back . And some days if I ca n't show up to work , I do n't show up to work . And I love that  laughs  . CNN : Were you surprised by the success of "  I 'm Yours " ? Mraz : Very surprised . There 's something simple about it ... like a nursery rhyme . I thought it was so playful . I never expected the world to really grab it and run with it the way they have . CNN : Can you talk me through how you went about writing that song ? Where were you ? What were you doing ? Mraz : I was at home . It was a sunny afternoon . And just as any afternoon where I play music , I was playing on an electric guitar , just chugging around , feeling a little reggae in me you know , and the melody and the words just started to pop out rather quickly and so I recorded it rather quickly . And the whole process only took about a half an hour . CNN : You 're about to go overseas to play various festivals . Is there anywhere you 'll be going for the first time ? Mraz : This year we 're going to explore South America , which I 've visited as a tourist , but I 've never taken my music down there . I hear the crowds turn up in masses , so I really want to see what that 's like . I love getting to bounce around and explore so much . I love Scandinavia . I love Spain . It 's so mystical and romantic , yet it 's gritty . CNN : Do you speak Spanish ? Mraz : No , but I have the Rosetta Stone . I have begun my level one training .	Jason Mraz recently honored with songwriters award "  I 'm Yours " artist amazed at where music has brought him Mraz intimidated by appearance on "  American Idol "
Fort Lee , New Jersey  CNN  -- For several days in September , there was one experience that united motorists in New Jersey : Together they felt the total despair , rage and frustration that came with trying to drive near or on the George Washington Bridge . It meant a commute from hell for thousands . Parents could n't get their kids to school . "  It was utter chaos those days . People were pouring into the store , complaining , " Debbie Minuto recalled Thursday in her shop , Binghamton Bagel Cafe , in the town of Fort Lee . "  The bridge is a lifeline here . You take away the bridge , you take away our livelihood . " She had just finished watching Gov. Chris Christie apologize on national television , saying he was "  embarrassed and humiliated " by the conduct of "  some people " on his "  team " but that he knew nothing about it . He said he fired a senior aide at the center of the uproar involving the alleged abuse of authority behind the lane closures that snarled traffic . Christie 's apology was n't enough , Minuto said . "  He hurt a lot of people . You ca n't play with our bridge . " J.J. Jata was n't far away , smoking cigars with friends and playing dominoes at the Cigar Room . They too had just watched the governor 's mea culpa . "  I was on the bridge those days , " he said . "  It was like a disaster . It was worse than a disaster . I had to get up four hours earlier just to get into the city . " Normally , his commute takes one hour . "  He hurt the people of this community , " Jata said . "  It was all about politics without regard for the people . " Christie capped Thursday by visiting Fort Lee to personally apologize to the mayor , Mark Sokolich . Christie arrived at the municipal building shortly after 4 p.m. , stepping out of a black SUV to a smattering of boos and applause from locals gathered outside , along with one man who barked like a dog . Miriam Hernandez , a school crossing guard , was among those waiting . She said she voted for Christie in the last election . She 's not so sure she 'll vote for him again and cast doubt on his explanation that he was in the dark . "  I do n't buy it , " she said . "  It 's a pretty big coincidence . " On those September days , Hernandez said , her husband 's 45-minute commute took three hours . "  He kept calling me . He was so upset , " she said . But Sokolich , who met with Christie for about 45 minutes , said he accepted the governor 's apology and called the session "  very productive " and "  cordial . " He said borough officials wanted to make sure "  this never , ever happens again in the future . " "  We were unconditionally , unequivocally provided with that assurance , " Sokolich said . Christie 's visit was "  a big step in regaining the trust of our community . " "  I take him for his word , which is he had nothing to do with it , " Sokolich said . For his part , Christie said he had "  a very good , productive meeting " with the mayor , "  and I look forward to working with him in the future . " Back at the Cigar Room , however , owner Jose Perez called the governor 's explanation "  bull . " "  This is the usual state of politics in New Jersey . In the end , who pays ? The people . We 're the ones who pay for the political gains . " And Claude Lewin , who was among those stuck trying to get onto the bridge in September , said he did n't believe Christie "  was telling us us 100 % of the truth today . " "  Like any political scandal , it 's only afterward that these politicians show remorse or contrition and acknowledge that something possibly happened , " Lewin said . "  This was an incident that lasted four days , and after the first day , the governor should have gotten on the phone and called his staff and people at the Port Authority to figure out what was going on . " Phil Belgiovine , 82 , has been walking for exercise along Fort Lee 's Main Street for decades . Motorists have always tried to leave the New Jersey Turnpike and cut through the street . "  Now , our traffic problem has become a political scandal , " the retired electric company worker said . "  We 're amused by all this . " Lorraine Vorchheimer , a Realtor , sits at a desk facing the bumper-to-bumper bridge-bound traffic on Main Street . A resident of Fort Lee nearly 40 years , Vorchheimer said , she never saw anything like the traffic in September . "  It was horrific , " she said . "  We could n't get to work . " "  A parking lot , " a co-worker interjected . Vorchheimer believes Christie . "  I do n't think he would be that small-minded , " she said . "  If he knew , he should not be governor for all the harm that was caused . " Tweets in traffic Tweets tell the story of those days of stagnation on the bridge . Mick Duch tweeted "  Helloooooo  @ George Washington Bridge w / 5 others  " on September 9 at 8:38 a.m. ; Shawn Bonneau tweeted "  I 'm at George Washington Bridge  New York , NY  w / 2 others " at 7:29 a.m. ; and at 11:48 a.m. , a person named Ali tweeted , "  This traffic on the George Washington bridge is cray crazy . " Paramedics faced much more serious dilemmas , of course , and according to a letter written at the time by an emergency official , responders were delayed in getting to at least four scenes . In one instance , they had trouble reaching a 91-year-old woman who was unconscious and later died . At the three-story Fort Lee Memorial Municipal Building , business went on as usual even though reporters were everywhere . The City Council chambers also serve as the local courthouse , where on Thursday , a municipal judge handled dozens of misdemeanors and traffic violations -- many stemming from traffic around the bridge . The emergency official who wrote a letter detailing paramedics ' problems in traffic , Paul Favia , was at the city building and tried to avoid the press . "  Welcome to my world , " he told a co-worker as he dodged reporters . Hours in traffic Claude Lewin was doing his usual rush-hour commute on September 13 when his typically slow-going ride ground to a halt . His commute went from 30 minutes to two hours and 15 minutes , according to the Bergen Record . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which runs the bridge connecting the two states , reduced the number of tollbooths from three to one and narrowed traffic patterns toward two Fort Lee streets , and that reduced three lanes to one , the newspaper said . "  Other than after the 9/11 attacks , I 've never seen such a fiasco of delays at the inbound , upper-level part of the bridge , " Mildred Van Zwaren of Ridgefield told the paper . "  Ludicrous ! " Chuck Ciocco said . "  Chronic delays like these destroy one of the two main reasons that most of us moved to this area -- great schools and a short commute . " Keith Bendul , the Fort Lee police chief , told the paper that the department first heard about the traffic change on a Monday morning , the first day of school . "  Our parents now have to get up an hour and a half early to get their kids to class . We could n't clear all the residual traffic until 11:30 , " he said . On September 10 , Favia , the head of the Office of Emergency Medical Services of Fort Lee , wrote a letter to Sokolich detailing instances in which paramedics had trouble reaching people who needed them . The 91-year-old woman went into cardiac arrest , he wrote , but the paramedics were in such a bind that they had to meet the ambulance on its way to the hospital instead of going to the scene , he wrote . The Bergen Record , which cited borough records , reported that the woman later died . In another instance , emergency responders were dispatched to a motorcycle crash with injuries , according to the letter . It took nine minutes for the responders to get to the scene when it should have taken four , Favia wrote . New Jersey politician wants investigation into bridge controversy Favia actually joined EMS on that call on September 9 despite being stuck in traffic , which he managed to get out of by jumping a curb and cutting up another street , he wrote . Later that evening , because all ambulances were dispatched elsewhere , he responded to a call about someone having chest pains . It took Favia eight minutes to get to the scene because of standstill traffic , he wrote . He was eventually joined by another ambulance that was also delayed due to traffic tie-ups . ` Time for some traffic problems ' Christie denied for months that anyone in his administration or campaign played any role in the closures . On Wednesday , e-mails and texts emerged , suggesting that appointees of Christie 's orchestrated the closures to punish Sokolich , a Democrat who would n't support Christie at the polls . Christie and his staff originally blamed the closures and the traffic delays on a mishandled traffic study . "  Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee , " Bridget Anne Kelly , Christie 's deputy chief of staff for legislative and intergovernmental affairs , said in an e-mail to David Wildstein , then the highest-level appointee representing the state at the Port Authority . "  Got it , " Wildstein replied . In another message about school buses with students on board caught in the traffic jams , Wildstein wrote , "  they are the children of Buono voters , " apparently referring to Barbara Buono , Christie 's Democratic opponent in November 's gubernatorial election . Those cited in the messages did not respond to requests for comment or to verify the communications . Wildstein invoked his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination when called before a state legislative committee on Thursday , with lawmakers citing him for contempt for refusing to answer questions . As for Sokolich , Christie said Thursday that the mayor "  was never on my radar screen " before the controversy . Sokolich said he raised the comment with the governor during their meeting in the afternoon , asking , "  Governor , am I now on your radar ? " "  His response was something along the lines that Fort Lee now has its own screen , " Sokolich told CNN 's The Situation Room . CNN 's Ray Sanchez reported from Fort Lee , New Jersey , and Ashley Fantz reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Matt Smith and Toby Lyles contributed to this report .	Fort Lee mayor accepts Christie 's apology ; resident says , "  I do n't buy it " Official : Four medical emergencies were delayed help because of snarl on bridge Lane closures tied up traffic on busy bridge in September E-mails and texts emerged this week suggesting that Christie aide was involved in closures
When laws went into effect in three states for same-sex couples to marry , many were quick to line up at their city halls to exchange vows . Now they may do so in one of the nation 's most prominent churches -- the Washington National Cathedral . Most Americans know the house of God , also called the Cathedral Church of St. Peter and St. Paul , as a place where sacred rites are carried out on behalf of the nation . It has been host to the funerals of numerous presidents and of inaugural prayer services for four presidents , including Barack Obama . But it is also an active house of worship in the Episcopalian Church , said the Cathedral 's dean , Gary Hall . The denomination has developed a blessing rite that mirrors current wedding ceremonies for heterosexual couples and allows each bishop to decide to allow same-sex marriages in their churches or not . Bishop Mariann Budde decided to allow the rite , since same-sex marriage is legal in the District of Columbia and now in neighboring Maryland as well , Hall said . It was Budde 's decision that led Hall to create the same-sex rite . He sees it as "  another historic step toward greater equality . " The states of Washington , Maine and Maryland all legalized same-sex marriages in referendums during the 2012 general election . It was already legal in the nation 's capital . In March , the Supreme Court will hear oral arguments in two appeals cases related to same-sex marriage -- California 's Proposition 8 , which bans same-sex marriage and the federal Defense of Marriage Act , which denies federal benefits to same-sex couples . The American Episcopal Church is intimately connected with the Church of England , which last week approved the advancement of male priests in same-sex committed relationships to the position of bishop . But those relationships must be celibate . City halls in Baltimore ; Portland , Maine ; and Seattle erupted in celebration as the first same-sex couples tied the knot in December and January . Seattle 's ceremony included 133 couples , who walked outside and down rain-slickened steps afterward , where they were greeted by cheers , confetti and a brass band celebrating the first day same-sex couples could marry in Washington . To wed at the National Cathedral , one member of the couple must be baptized into the Church , and both must commit to a Christian marriage of "  lifelong faithfulness , love , forbearance and mutual comfort . "	Same-sex couples have lined up to marry in city halls Washington National Cathedral is the site of presidential funerals Four presidents have had inaugural prayers there It is also a place of worship for the Episcopal Church
Washington  CNN  -- Voters have given Republicans a mandate to cut government and roll back the Obama administration 's health care "  monstrosity " in the next Congress , the incoming speaker of the House of Representatives said Wednesday . Rep. John Boehner , R-Ohio , is poised to lead the House following the GOP 's massive gains in Tuesday 's midterm elections . He told reporters that he and President Barack Obama have agreed to work together but called the results a vote for "  a smaller , less costly , more accountable government . " And the administration 's hard-won overhaul of the U.S. health care system ultimately will be on the block . "  The American people are concerned about the government takeover of health care , " Boehner said . "  I think it 's important for us to lay the groundwork before we begin to repeal this monstrosity and replace it with common-sense reforms that will bring down the cost of health insurance in America . " For his part , Obama blamed the anemic economy for the "  shellacking " his fellow Democrats experienced , but he acknowledged that his policies had n't done enough to bring down high unemployment . His administration has "  stabilized " the economy and spurred private-sector hiring , "  but people all across America are n't feeling that progress , " Obama said . "  I 've got to take direct responsibility for the fact that we have not made as much progress as we need to make , " Obama said . The president faced reporters a day after voters replaced at least 60 Democrats in the House of Representatives , handing control of the chamber to the Republicans for the first time since 2006 , according to CNN projections . In the Senate , Democrats lost at least six seats but retained control of the chamber , according to the projections based on analysis of exit polling . In the latest result , Democratic incumbent Sen. Michael Bennet of Colorado defeated Tea Party-backed Republican Ken Buck , CNN projected on Wednesday . Asked about claims by Republicans , especially Tea Party conservatives , that his policies are taking the country in the wrong direction , Obama cited the economy 's reversal from monthly job losses to private sector job growth since he took office as proof that things were improving . But he also conceded , in reference to an auto-related campaign analogy , that the argument could be made that "  we 're stuck in neutral . " Obama said he 's looking at "  all ideas that are on the table " to boost economic growth after the deepest recession since the 1930s and wo n't dismiss any proposal "  because they 're Democrat or Republican . " At the same time , Obama said , it would be a "  misreading " of the election results if anyone believed that the American people want to spend the next two years trying to "  relitigate " his administration 's overhaul of health care or other major legislation of his first two years in office . Republicans throughout the campaign blasted Obama 's signature health care overhaul , the Affordable Care Act , after voting all but unanimously against it in Congress . Obama called the process of passing the bill "  an ugly mess " and "  something that I regret " but added : "  The outcome was a good one . " The health care law , parts of which are just taking effect , requires Americans to buy health insurance , provides subsidies to bring down the cost of those policies and bars insurers from denying coverage based on gender or pre-existing conditions . Despite the stated goal of Boehner and other Republicans to repeal the health care bill , the Democratic majority in the Senate makes it unlikely that will happen . More likely is legislative gridlock on health care and other issues , with the GOP-led House pushing for spending cuts , deregulation and other measures that will die in the Democratic-controlled Senate . In Tuesday 's vote , Democrats were battered by an economy that is still struggling to create jobs , with unemployment at 9.6 percent , and an energized conservative electorate fueled by the anti-establishment Tea Party movement that emerged in 2009 . Exit polling showed voter dissatisfaction with both parties , as each received a 53 percent unfavorable rating . Michael Steele , the head of the Republican National Committee , said Republicans were humbled by the opportunity for "  a second chance " at power . "  I heard that all across the country , people saying , you know , ` you guys better not screw this up , because you 're next on the list if you do , ' " Steele said . Obama called both Boehner and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , late Tuesday to offer his congratulations . On Wednesday , he called for unity and an "  honest and civil debate . " "  What yesterday also told us is that no one party will be able to dictate where we go from here , that we must find common ground in order to make progress on some uncommonly difficult challenges , " the president said . But McConnell , who led repeated filibusters of Obama administration efforts in the Senate over the past two years , told reporters that voters were rewarding GOP opposition . "  It seems to me the best strategy for the other side would be to listen to the voters yesterday , " he said . "  They made a clear statement about what they 'd like to see done . If the president comes in our direction , obviously we want to make progress for the country over the next two years . " Andrew Card , who was White House chief of staff under former President George W. Bush , told CNN 's "  American Morning " that it was Obama 's responsibility "  to take the wake-up call that came yesterday . " The rise of the Tea Party movement added a new element to the election cycle , roiling Republican races by boosting little-known and inexperienced candidates to victory over mainstream figures in GOP primaries across the country . "  I do n't think there 's any question that if it were not for the Tea Party , the Republican margin in the House of Representatives would not be as high as it 's going to be , " CNN senior political analyst David Gergen said Tuesday night . "  They gave a lot of enthusiasm and fuel to the Republican Party . " Tea Party-backed Republicans Rand Paul in Kentucky and Marco Rubio in Florida won their Senate races , according to the projections , but other candidates backed by the group lost key Senate races , including Sharron Angle to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid in Nevada , Buck to Bennet in Colorado and Christine O'Donnell to previously unknown Democrat Chris Coons in Delaware . Republican candidates were strong in governors ' races , with at least 10 gubernatorial seats switching from Democrats to Republicans , CNN projected . Often overshadowed during midterm campaigns , governorships can affect national politics by their influence in the redistricting of state electorates . Conservative candidates also made strong gains in state legislatures . The Republican State Leadership Committee estimated that at least 16 state legislative chambers had moved from Democratic to Republican control in Tuesday 's voting . Those changes have the potential to reverberate far beyond the state level . By seizing control of legislative chambers in several key states , the GOP significantly strengthened its hand heading into what promises to be contentious congressional redistricting process , where legislatures decide how congressional districts are drawn . That can mean the difference between an incumbent having an easy path to re-election -- or seeing his or her district drawn out of existence altogether . The long and bitter campaign season drew more than $ 3.5 billion in spending , making it the most expensive nonpresidential vote ever , according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics , a watchdog group . The economy was rated the most important issue by 62 percent of voters , far eclipsing health care reform  19 percent  , immigration  8 percent  and the war in Afghanistan  7 percent  , according to the exit polling . Most voters , 88 percent , rated economic conditions as not good or poor , and 86 percent said they were very worried or somewhat worried about the economy , the exit polling showed . High unemployment amid a slow recovery from economic recession has been a dominant issue , with Republicans accusing Obama and the Democrats of pushing through expensive policies that have expanded government without solving the problem . Obama has led Democrats in defending his record , saying that steps such as the economic stimulus bill and auto industry bailout were necessary to prevent a depression , while health care reform and Wall Street reform will lay the foundation for sustainable future growth . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Michael Pearson , Dana Bash , Ed Henry , Ted Barrett , Deirdre Walsh , Paul Steinhauser , Rebecca Sinderbrand , Jessica Yellin , Alan Silverleib , Holly Yan , Forrest Brown , Catherine E. Shoichet , Rebecca Stewart and Jonathan Auerbach contributed to this report .	Obama says voters have n't felt benefits of his policies Democrat Bennet is the projected winner in the Colorado Senate race McConnell says Obama should move "  in our direction " Democrats battered by poor economy , energized conservatives
CNN  -- Can you imagine a world where the sun never sets ? For scientists cruising Antarctica in a mammoth 94-meter ship , that 's exactly the surreal realm they encountered . Now their remarkable two-month expedition has been condensed into a haunting time-lapse video , following the floating laboratory as it plowed its way through some of the most brutal conditions on the planet . "  We arrived in summer , mid-February , when there was 24-hour sunlight , " Stanford University Ph.D student , Cassandra Brooks , told CNN . "  The sun would move from high in the sky to very low , but would never completely disappear . I did n't get tired until 1 . am -- it was very energizing . " ` Touching infinity ' Brooks , who is studying international ocean policy , was one of 30 U.S. scientists monitoring Antarctica 's unique eco-system , as part of a National Science Foundation research cruise . The ship wound its way along the stunning Ross Sea -- believed to be the last untouched marine eco-system on the planet -- providing scientists with an important insight into one of our few remaining healthy waterways . During the summer months , Antarctica -- the southern most tip of the globe -- is transformed into a bewitching "  Land of the Midnight Sun , " where the sun never dips below the horizon , instead continuously moving in circles . After more than a week of this extraordinary phenomenon , the team finally saw their first sunset at 1 . am -- an experience Brooks described as "  like touching infinity . " "  Brilliant orange light streamed through the portholes on the starboard side of the ship . I peeled myself away from my microscope , dashed across the room and peered outside to catch the sun blazing down on the horizon , " the 33-year-old said . "  The sight took my breath away -- the sky was on fire , turning the ocean a deep purple red . Gusts of wind collided with the wide rolling swells , driving an arc of brilliant pink spray 10 feet into the air . " Life and death Despite the breathtaking beauty of this icy underworld , conditions could also be brutal with winds of 110 kilometers per hour and temperatures plunging to -40 C. On these extreme days , scientists were n't allowed outside on the deck covered in a slippery -- and dangerous -- layer of ice . "  If you fell overboard you 'd be dead within minutes because the water is below freezing , " said Brooks . "  Yet it 's an environment that 's also teeming with animals such as emperor penguins and Weddell seals . " Sometimes tightly packed ice up to 10 ft deep threatened to trap the ship -- Brooks admitted on previous expeditions it had been stuck for weeks -- and it was forced to spend hours reversing and ramming its way through . The adventure was caught on film after Brooks attached a video camera to the bow of the boat -- capturing everything from blazing sunshine to fierce storms . ` Forget Friday night ' For more than two months , the team cruised Antarctica 's wild Ross Sea -- more than 5,000 kilometers from the closest country ; New Zealand . Their ship , the Nathaniel B Palmer , became a floating island in itself , equipped with a helicopter hanger , gym , industrial kitchen , library , conference room and laboratory . Brooks was part of a team measuring plankton in the water and would usually start her experiments at 7 . am , working until 8 . pm . During the summer months , Antarctica 's green plankton bloom grows so large it can be seen from outer space . "  We were there to test what happens to all that phytoplankton , which provides a vital source of carbon -- or food -- to the system , " Brooks explained . "  Does it sink out to the bottom ? Get eaten over the summer ? Does it get transported out of the system ? Many think that this large source of phytoplankton is the reason why the Ross Sea has such large populations of predators . "  Some people would still be up sampling water until 4 . am , " she added . "  The idea of weekends and normal Friday nights completely disappears . " Spiritual science For Brooks , the journey was more than just a science expedition -- it was a spiritual experience which gave her a renewed appreciation for mighty mother nature . "  It just grabbed me in a very visceral way , " said Brooks . "  It 's such an obviously beautiful place but also surreal -- the conditions are so extreme so you 're seeing a whole other world you 've never seen before . " Many scientists now believe the Ross Sea is the last untouched marine ecosystem in the world . If Brooks ' stunning video is anything to go by , it 's also one worth protecting .	Science research ship cruises Antarctica , captures stunning time-lapse video South Pole dubbed "  Land of the Midnight Sun , " 24-hour sunlight during summer Extreme conditions include winds of 110kph , temperatures plunge -40 C Antarctica 's Ross Sea the last intact marine ecosystem in the world
CNN  Chelsea underlined its title credentials with an attacking masterclass against Swansea , Saturday . The London club moved five points clear at the top of the English Premier League table with a 5-0 victory at the Liberty Stadium . With less than a minute on the clock , Oscar fired the table toppers into the lead to ignite the goal rush . Diego Costa -- the leading scorer in the EPL with 17 goals -- added two more before Oscar bagged his second just before halftime . After goals galore there was only a single strike from Andre Schurrle to savor after the break . The German winger came off the bench to make it five for Chelsea . "  The result is impressive , " manager Jose Mourinho told Chelsea TV . "  The performance was very good , very solid and very enjoyable . " The free flowing display by Mourinho 's men was a warning to those threatening to deny Chelsea its first title since 2010 . Manchester City , the defending champions , will aim to close the gap when it faces Arsenal Sunday . Elsewhere , hirsute substitute Marouane Fellaini broke the deadlock against Queen 's Park Rangers to help earn Manchester United a 2-0 victory . The Belgian hammered home a 10-yard strike before James Wilson sealed victory late on . QPR once again relied upon the efforts of the lively Charlie Austin , who was tireless in his pursuit of an equalizer , but the West London club remain mired in the relegation tone . The club 's unflappable manager Harry Redknapp shrugged off any worries , telling Sky Sports : "  QPR wo n't go down this year . " In the EPL 's late game , Southampton moved into third place thanks to a 2-1 away victory at Newcastle . January on loan signing Eljero Elia scored both goals , his first for the club , in a sizzling performance . Elsewhere , in form French forward Alexandre Lacazette scored his 20th goal in 21 Ligue 1 matches to stretch Lyon 's league lead . Lyon left Lens with a 2-0 victory -- Jean-Phillippe Gbamin added an own goal with an errant back heel -- to move four points clear of Marseille at the top of the table . Lacazette is closing in on Josip Skoblar 's Ligue 1 record of 44 goals scored in a single season which he set back in 1970-1971 . In Italy 's Serie A , title challengers Roma could only close to within two points of leaders Juventus -- who meet Verona Sunday -- after being held by Palermo . Striker Mattia Destro salvaged a point for Roma after Argentina 's Paulo Dybala had put the home side ahead . Inter Milan 's hopes of qualifying for the Champions League took another knock as Robert Mancini 's side slid to ninth after a goalless draw at Empoli . In Spain , Valencia moved above La Liga champions Atletico Madrid and into third on goal difference after a 3-2 win over Almeria . Diego Simeone 's men face Granada Sunday when leaders Real Madrid and pursuers Barcelona are also in action . David Moyes tasted his first home defeat as Real Sociedad manager as his side lost 1-0 to Rayo Vallecano . The former Manchester United boss has guided Sociedad to just two wins in eight league games since taking over the reins .	Chelsea ticks off an easy 5-0 win on the road against Swansea Jose Mourinho 's men move five points clear at top of English Premier League Oscar and Diego Costa score two goals apiece
DECATUR , Georgia  CNN  -- One falling tree saved John Kiefer from another . Windstorms in Atlanta , Georgia , uprooted several trees , including this one that fell through John Kiefer 's home . Kiefer was sitting on his sofa Monday morning while a brief but intense windstorm blew through the Atlanta , Georgia , area , including Decatur . He heard a tree crash in his backyard and got up to investigate . That tree knocked down a chain-link fence , and Kiefer was getting worried about several other large backyard trees that were swaying in the wind . "  And as I 'm watching those move and sway , this crashed down , " he said . "  This " was a 50-foot red oak in the front yard that fell onto his living room , splitting his house in half and coming to rest a few inches above where he had been sitting on the couch . "  Yeah , it 's a mess , " he said as he surveyed the tangle of broken wood beams , plaster , bricks and gray insulation . Curiously , Kiefer 's electricity was still on , and cable TV was still playing less then 10 feet away from the massive tree trunk in his living room . An ancient upright piano and various collectibles on it were unharmed . Kiefer had been away over the weekend , visiting a son in Cincinnati , Ohio , and his three dogs were still at the kennel where he boarded them . They 'll be staying there a bit longer . Three years of drought in Georgia have weakened trees ' root systems , and recent heavy rains loosened the soil around them , said Kiefer , who works at a plastics recycling company in nearby Stone Mountain . The windstorm brought down hundreds of trees in the area , including one that crushed a car , killing the person inside , and one that fell on a nursing home , where no one was hurt , CNN affiliate WGCL reported . Service was disrupted on Atlanta 's MARTA rail transit system , according to WGCL . Power and traffic signals were out in many areas . Watch CNN report about dangerous storms " Despite having a tree lying across his living room , Kiefer seemed remarkably calm , but that was a new development . "  Couple of hours ago my knees where shaking pretty good , " he admitted . But , he said , God was looking out for him . "  Actually , he saved my life , " Kiefer said . "  When I came outside to investigate that noise , that was my warning to get up off that couch . And then , not to go back in the house when it got real windy , but to stand right there where that tree stopped . There are no coincidences . "	Brief but intense windstorm blows through Atlanta , Georgia Winds brought down hundreds of trees , including one that killed person inside car Another tree fell on a nursing home ; no one was hurt
Washington  CNN  Want the state of 2016 play in New Hampshire ? The Chris Christie comeback strategy ? How the White House will handle the Netanyahu visit ? Take our Sunday trip around the "  Inside Politics " table : It 's no secret the White House is miffed that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu accepted an invitation to address Congress and make his case about the Iranian nuclear negotiations . Less clear , though , is how the White House will react -- or not -- during the Prime Minister 's stay in Washington next month . Julie Pace of The Associated Press took us inside the West Wing deliberations : "  On the one hand , they do n't want to just cede this space to Netanyahu . He 's got the speech to Congress and a big speech to AIPAC , " said Pace , referring to the American Israel Political Action Committee . "  On the other hand , they do n't want to get into this public tit and tat , where you 've got Netanyahu speaking and Obama responding . " So basically expect the cold shoulder approach , explained Pace . "  No meetings with Netanyahu , no big speeches by the President , " she added . "  But there is certainly some pressure from certain corners of this administration to be more aggressive , be more vocal  and  do n't just sit back . " Hillary Clinton has kept a very low profile so far this year , by design . She has no serious competition as yet for the Democratic presidential nomination and has been out of the public eye working on her team and strategy . She 's been so quiet , in fact , that Republicans almost daily complain she is hiding and ducking big public policy debates . Well , hiding is n't going to work in the week ahead . Lisa Lerer of Bloomberg Politics offered her reporting on an upcoming series of Clinton events : "  In 2008 , Hillary Clinton ran on her resume and her experience , not this idea of her being the first woman president , " explained Lerer , adding that the result of that strategy ended up with Obama becoming the candidate of hope and change and Clinton becoming the candidate of the past . But according to Lerer , Clinton 's advisers have resolved to do it differently this time , starting with a preview of that new message on Tuesday , when she will address a conference of women in technology . "  I think it will be fascinating to watch how she talks about gender , leadership and family issues that have become a major tenet of the Democratic Party -- and it will certainly give us a preview of campaign themes to come . " Dan Balz of The Washington Post was in New Hampshire last week to accept the first David Broder Award from the Rudman Center at the University of New Hampshire . David and Dan were friends and colleagues -- and there is no one more deserving of the award honoring the Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter and columnist who died in 2011 . And , of course , in true Broder-Balz style , Dan took advantage of the trip to do some reporting on the current state of 2016 play in the first-in-the-nation primary state : " I do n't think we 've ever seen a race in New Hampshire as wide open as this , " Balz said enthusiastically . "  Somebody said you can throw a blanket over this field and they 're all below 16 or 17 % , " he added , referring to potential GOP presidential candidates . "  No frontrunner . Wide open . A wild race ahead . " This was not a good week for New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie in national political circles or newspapers . Much of the buzz was about how Christie was being outhustled by potential rivals Jeb Bush and Scott Walker , and both The Washington Post and The New York Times ran front-page stories on Friday suggesting the New Jersey governor was having a hard time gearing up for a 2016 presidential run .  The Post story was written by "  Inside Politics " regular Robert Costa . It is worth noting that the buzz in New Hampshire was more favorable ; several sources there told me Christie 's recent trip there was well received . But the national conversation is n't so great , and Costa reports that Team Christie believes the best way to change the conversation and get back on offense is for the governor to go back to his day job and make an impression . "  He has a big budget speech in Trenton on Tuesday . And then he 's going to try to go on a town hall , his first since last year , and really get back to the extemporaneous Christie , the gregarious Christie that made him such a popular figure within the Republican Party , " said Costa . Most of those exploring running for president need to make the official decision in the next month or three -- and Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida has one of the more interesting calculations to make . First there is the Jeb factor : Former Gov. Jeb Bush is the more senior Republican player from the state they both call home , and some Rubio allies worry that Bush will be able to soak up most of the fund-raising take available in the state . And then there is the current Scott Walker boomlet . The Wisconsin governor is up in the polls of late and occupying the space in the race that Rubio covets -- the next-generation candidate who is acceptable to the GOP 's tea party base AND its more corporate establishment . So yea or nay for Rubio ? He is visiting the first four nominating-contest states this month to assess things firsthand . And he continues to add to his fund-raising and political teams so that he is prepared to run if he ultimately decides to take the plunge . Will he ? One adviser involved in the deliberations put the odds at "  60-40 in favor of running . " Rubio has said he will decide by the spring . Because the other candidates are so active , there is some internal pressure to make his intentions clear soon -- perhaps by the end of March .	Netanyahu plans trip to Washington , but questions linger over whether Obama will meet with him Hillary Clinton expected to embrace role as potential first female president A bad week for Chris Christie , but whispers say he 's planning a comeback
EW.com  -- While broadcast shows at 10 p.m. on Tuesday are struggling to stay above a 2.0 in the adults 18-49 demo this fall , the biker drama "  Sons of Anarchy " cleared that hurdle with ease once again . All told , 4.6 million viewers tuned in and the show pulled a 2.4 in the demo , up 14 percent from last week and ranking as the fifth season 's best rating since last month 's premiere . ` Sons of Anarchy ' : Drea de Matteo talks Wendy 's return By comparison , the broadcast networks aired CBS ' "  Vegas "  12.1 million viewers , 2.0 in the demo  , ABC 's "  Private Practice "  6 million , 1.6  and NBC 's "  Parenthood "  4.5 million , 1.6  . This is tracking to be the highest-rated season for "  Sons " yet . What 's impressive is how ratings for heavily serialized cable shows like "  Dexter " and "  SOA " can continually grow . It 's easy to say , "  NBC should have a show like ` Sons , ' " but season one ratings for "  Sons " would n't have been high enough to survive on broadcast . It 's only after being nurtured for years on FX that the series is now big enough to pose a threat . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Broadcast shows on Tuesdays at 10 p.m. are struggling in ratings FX 's "  Sons of Anarchy " has no problem clearing that hurdle The show had 4.6 million watch on Tuesday , with a 2.4 in the adult demo That episode was the fifth season 's best rating since September 's premiere
As violence continues unabated in Iraq , the United States has agreed to sell $ 700 million in military aid , including 5,000 Hellfire missiles . The Iraqi government made the request for the missiles , which are primarily fired from helicopters , according to the Defense Security Cooperation Agency . The United States has already been providing Iraq with Hellfires . Since January , 780 were delivered , according to Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby . The United States expects to ship another 366 in August . Kirby said the additional 5,000 missiles would likely be shipped in batches , but he had no details on a delivery schedule . Congress , which has the authority to block it , was notified of the potential new sale on Monday . The State Department has approved the proposal . Iraq 's government has been waging war with militants from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS . The terrorist group has taken over several cities . It is seeking to create an Islamic caliphate that encompasses parts of Iraq and Syria and has begun imposing Sharia law in the towns it controls . Police officials in Baghdad told CNN two car bombs exploded in two Shiite neighborhoods on Wednesday . At least seven people were killed and 25 were wounded when one bomb exploded near a gas station in Sadr district in eastern Baghdad . About 30 minutes later , another explosion near a busy outdoor market in al Ameen neighborhood in southern Baghdad killed five people and wounded 35 others .	Hellfires are usually fired from the air to ground , water This order would be in addition to the 780 Hellfires already delivered Congress has been notified of the proposed sale
CNN  -- Police in northern Virginia charged Washington Redskins defensive lineman Albert Haynesworth with assault Saturday for punching a fellow motorist last week . Haynesworth , 29 , was free to leave after signing the warrant and is scheduled to appear at the Fairfax County Criminal Court on March 31 , the Fairfax County Police Department said . The charge stems from an allegation by an unnamed driver who said Haynesworth punched him February 2 while they were driving on the Fairfax County Parkway , police said . The motorist told police the driver of a pickup truck -- whom police later determined to be Haynesworth -- was tailgating him , so he delivered a "  nonverbal hand gesture " to the driver , Officer Shelley Broderick said . The man told police that when the two stopped at a red light , Haynesworth got out of the truck and the two briefly exchanged words before Haynesworth threw a punch , according to Broderick . The man called police . After making a statement , he drove himself to a hospital for treatment of minor injuries , Broderick said . Police said officers interviewed Haynesworth on Saturday at the Reston District Police Station before he signed the warrant . Haynesworth 's agent , Chad Speck , said last week it was the other driver who instigated the incident and called the accusation "  ridiculous . " In Virginia , simple assault is a misdemeanor punishable by up to 12 months in jail and a $ 2,500 fine .	Haynesworth allegedly punched a fellow motorist last week He must appear in court March 31 The alleged incident happened in Fairfax County , Virginia
CNN  -- The head of world football 's global governing body has criticized Italian soccer for not cracking down hard enough on a team whose fans racially abused an opposition player . Sunday 's goalless draw between AC Milan and Roma at the San Siro stadium was brought to a halt for several minutes after visiting fans directed abuse at home striker Mario Balotelli . The Italian Federation fined Roma $ 65,000 , which prompted a forthright response from Blatter . "  What is surprising and is not understandable for me , is that the disciplinary committee of the Italian Football Federation has taken a decision , not even 24 hours after the event , by just imposing a fine , " Blatter told FIFA 's official website . "  They have not made any investigation of what happened . And just to give a pecuniary sanction is not valid , that is not acceptable . "  You will always find money . What is $ 65,000 for such an incident ? I 'm not happy and I will call the Italian Federation . That 's not a way to deal with such matters . " In response , the Italian Federation said it was acting within existing regulations but hopes that an agenda tabled at UEFA 's Executive Committee meeting in London later this month will enable it to take tougher measures . On May 24 , members of the European governing will vote on a proposal to introduce a minimum 10-match sanction for any discriminatory offenses -- a ruling which could apply to all UEFA competitions from as early as July if passed . "  The UEFA Congress will determine new deterrents that will go from imposing a fine to the total closure of a venue , " said Italian Federation president Giancarlo Abete . "  These new rules will be received by our Code of Sport Justice once approved from  the start of  the 2013/2014 season . " Speaking to Italian media on Monday , Abete 's views on the ineffectiveness of financial sanctions tallied with those of Blatter . "  Fines are not penalizing , " he said . He added that his body wishes to close parts of a stadium where "  episodes of racism take place " before taking the more drastic measure of playing matches without fans should incidents persist . The club at the center of the row has also stated its desire to eradicate an issue that Abete says is damaging the image of Italian football . "  Roma condemns any form of racial abuse , " the Serie A club said on Monday . "  This type of behavior from any football supporters , including ours , is completely unacceptable . "  We are committed to facing this issue head-on to rid our sport of this problem and promote respect for all . " The newly-created FIFA anti-racism task force met for the first time earlier this month and proposed placing officials at matches in order to "  identify potential acts of discrimination " , a suggestion that will be voted on by FIFA 's members later this month . "  It is incredible , that we had such incidents especially in the Italian Serie A in the San Siro between AC Milan and Roma , a very important match , " continued Blatter , who has been head of world football 's governing body since 1998 . "  The referee had to stop the match for a few minutes in order to bring back calm . This is bad , because we are just holding this task force against racism . " Roma 's sanction is not the first suffered by an Italian club this season . Last month , Inter Milan were fined nearly $ 60,000 by European governing body UEFA after its fans were found guilty of "  improper conduct " in chants directed towards Tottenham Hotspur striker Emmanuel Adebayor . In February , Lazio received its fourth charge of racist behavior this season -- with Roma 's city rivals having been fined nearly $ 300,000 after repeated fan transgressions . On Monday , Milan chief executive officer Adriano Galliani was quoted by Italian newspaper La Gazzetta dello Sport as saying : "  Just as violence at football grounds was eliminated , racist chanting can also be stopped if there is the necessary will . " The task force was created after a series of incidents of racist abuse which have blighted the sport in recent years . Balotelli 's Milan teammate Kevin-Prince Boateng , a member of the task force , walked off following racist chanting during an exhibition match against lower division team Pro Patria in January . The English Premier League has also had to deal with racism cases . Chelsea 's John Terry and Liverpool 's Luis Suarez were fined and received lengthy bans for two separate offenses which occurred in 2011 . The English Football Association  FA  is due to vote this week on the introduction of a minimum five-game ban for any incident of racist abuse , which is half the proposed tally outlined by UEFA . "  We do n't have to follow UEFA , " FA chairman David Bernstein was reported to have said by British newspaper The Guardian . "  Ours is a very detailed and thought-out proposal . It is not likely to be exactly in line with UEFA 's . "  Ours will have a minimum but it will have a clear acceleration from that minimum . We may well yet go beyond the 10 . "	Fifa chief Sepp Blatter criticizes Italian soccer for "  unacceptable " racism punishment Italian Federation fined Roma $ 65,000 AC Milan and Roma game halted for several minutes after visiting fans directed abuse at Mario Balotelli .
EW.com  -- The 65-year-old Priestess of Punk recently roared back into the zeitgeist thanks to her National Book Award-winning 2010 memoir , "  Just Kids . " So perhaps it makes sense that Patti Smith 's 11th album is her most energized in years , if not decades . Relieved of the protest poetry of 2004 's enjoyable but politically burdened "  Trampin ' , " "  Banga " feels like both a return to form and a renewal -- with Lenny Kaye 's Sonic Youth-ful guitar meshing with Smith 's literary lyricism the way it did when they were , well , just kids . Grade : A - See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Patti Smith 's 11th album is her most energized in years "  Banga " feels like both a return to form and a renewal The album comes out on June 5 .
CNN  -- Thanks to the scary stalkability we 've all given ourselves on the ` net , "  Whatever happened to him/her ? " has all but toppled out of our dialogue . If a shadow of the past flits across your mind , and you have an idle moment , say , in the dentist 's office amid the smell of plastic and the squeal of drills , you pull out your smartphone , perform a search  heck , with the Google app you just hold it up to your mouth and mumble a few relevant words of caveman speak  , and ... voila ! Mystery solved . The trickiness , though , crops up when you decide to actually contact one of these people . I 'm not talking about the former seventh-grade lab partner you idly friended thanks to a "  People You May Know " tip-off . No , I speak of the former relations you truly want to reintroduce to your life -- or at least to catch up with in earnest . We 're talking about the people whom , years ago , you 'd jump through all sorts of hoops to reach -- calling up a mutual friend , asking said friend to sift through their well-thumbed Rolodex for your long lost friend 's number , copying it down and then  gasp !  calling , unexpectedly , to get back in touch . About 70 % of people have used the web for re-knotting old ties , according to a survey from Pew Research Center . You only get one chance to make a second impression . Behold , a few tips for blissful e-reunions with the following bygone buds . An Old BFF You and Candy Sue used to be so close ... braiding each other 's hair at sleepovers , giggling over prank calls to classmates and teachers , sharing a packed hotel room on that bizarre high school band trip to Orlando when Candy Sue 's boyfriend got in major trouble for the incident involving cough syrup and late-night shenanigans . But , anyway ! If you are n't already Facebook-ed-ly connected with an old pal , sending a request with a sweet note about how you 'd love to catch up is a good bet . That way , when he or she accepts , you can get a life snapshot in a two-minute perusal of his or her profile , and have a million pleasant questions at the ready for your eventual long-awaited phone call or coffee date . If you 're already FB official but have n't spoken in years , pluck her address off the site and send a legit e-mail . The extra step makes your query feel more genuine and less "  I came across your face and am on a boring date , busying myself with my iPhone while this bozo waits in line for the bathroom . " A Business Buddy Reaching into your past for professional reasons ? It would n't be awkward if you 'd kept it up with the  yes , admittedly exhausting  rigamarole of real-life networking -- exchanging occasional e-mails , breaking bread together now and then , sending a pleasant nondenominational holiday card in December , etc. . As it is , though , we all lose touch with the occasional stellar colleague , and rebuilding the bridge need n't feel like a slimy attempt to use the old contact  to mix metaphors galore  . Check out your old work friend 's LinkedIn profile ; if it says he 'd like to be contacted for "  getting back in touch , " then congratulations , he 's asking for it . A simple LinkedIn connection is fine if you want a passive , place-holding relationship , but if you really want to move things back into the real world , a polite , professional e-mail will do . If you do n't hear back right away , wait at least three or four weeks and patiently follow up . This year , corporate e-mail users will send and receive an average of 192 e-mails per day , according to research firm Radicati , so do n't take it personally if yours take a few  spaced out  tries to find solid ground . Eventually , your understated guilt trip will pay off in spades -- or at least in a comped business lunch . An Ex Let 's talk intentions real quick : If you 're contacting your former flame because you 're  a  bored and hoping he/she might stupidly hook up with you again or  b  with a new partner and hoping some casual chatting will lead to an opportunity to gloat ... gross . Get over yourself . If you really do feel like it 'd be pleasant to hear from that cool girl/guy you dated before you moved and split amiably , well , OK then .  This bears repeating , though : We 've heard from our fair share of readers who are freaked out by an ex 's insistence on staying in their lives , so tread lightly  . E-mail is your best option by far .  I guess a phone call could also work , but this is a column about social networking . Yes , you might even have to go so far as asking a mutual friend for an e-mail address . Do n't pour your heart out in an initial missive ; just say hello , non-creepily explain why they 've been on your mind , and see if they respond . See , e-mail is noninvasive and its reach is finite ; a Facebook friend request begs for a long-term commitment , whereby you 'll be popping up in each other 's news feeds for years to come , until one of you severs the ties that bind a second time . And is n't a fear of commitment what splintered your young love in the first place ? Worse still is following an ex on Twitter , particularly if he or she has unprotected tweets . After the way-out-of-left-field "  YOUR EX is following you on Twitter " e-mail , he 's left picturing you reading his bi-hourly updates , catching constant glimpses into his life . And blocking you is n't really an option , since the rest of the WWW is free to read his tweets at will . That 's the funny thing about the web : We love imagining that our friends and interested strangers are eating up our every word ; we also like to pretend that privacy will magically settle in a veil over the random unsavory characters of our past and present . Neither thing is true , but the only way to figure out which camp your target will put you in is to stick out your hand and hope it gets a friendly shake back .	About 70 % of people have used the web for reknotting old ties For old friends , get e-mail address off of Facebook and send a legit message Reconnecting with an ex ? Ask yourself , what are your intentions ? Do n't expect to be fascinating to the "  right " people or invisible to the "  wrong " people
RollingStone.com  -- Kid Rock stopped by the Howard Stern Show Wednesday and shared some lively stories about chatting with Mitt Romney and hosting a dinner party with Eminem , CBS Detroit reports . Rock revealed that when Romney contacted him for his support during his presidential campaign , he demanded answers first . Romney 's team agreed , and the two sat down at the rocker 's house with a campaign aide , two Secret Service members and a preapproved list of questions . Rock said he wanted to ensure that Romney was not "  just a rich guy who wanted to become president to out-do -LSB- his -RSB- dad , " but someone of greater substance . "  I know what it 's like to want to be better than your father , " Rock told Howard Stern . "  Of course , I 'm getting these ' I really want to help America -LSB- answers -RSB- ' and I said , ` Cut the s ** t , this is my living room ; this is n't going to leave here . ' " Rock 's main concern was his hometown , and once he had a commitment towards improving Detroit from Romney , he was all in . Kid Rock also shared the story of hosting a dinner party with fellow Detroit native Eminem . "  He came by the house , we had dinner , I cooked , just having a sophisticated kind of dinner , " said Rock . He added of the rapper , "  He 's a great family guy . " Though he 's a vocal conservative , Rock also said that he 's not into right-wing social politics . "  I 'm into less government , " he said , adding , "  If gay people want to get married , I do n't give a f**k . " For Rock , disagreement in beliefs is fine , but failing to vote is n't . "  It 's OK to stand for something ... I 've got friends who did n't vote . I want to smack them upside the head , " he said . Kid Rock also hinted today on his Facebook page about an upcoming tour to support his forthcoming album Rebel Soul , out November 19th . "  Ca n't wait to hit the road in a few months and celebrate with everyone , " he wrote . See original article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Kid Rock reportedly said Mitt Romney reached out for his support The musician said he sat down with the politician with a list of questions Kid Rock said he also said he hosted a dinner party with rapper Eminem
TAMPA , Florida  CNN  -- TV pitchman Billy Mays ' death appeared to be from heart disease , not a bump to the head , according to the Hillsborough County medical examiner . OxiClean pitchman Billy Mays apparently died from heart disease , according to the medical examiner . The final cause of death will not be known until after toxicology results are available , Dr. Vernard Adams said at a Monday news conference . Mays , 50 , was pronounced dead at his home near Tampa Sunday morning , after his wife Deborah found him unresponsive , Tampa police said . The autopsy conducted Monday morning revealed Mays suffered from hypertensive heart disease , Adams said . "  It 's not uncommon to have a sudden death with this kind of disease , " Adams said . Watch medical examiner discuss Mays ' autopsy " "  Billy would be overwhelmed to see that his life touched so many people in a positive way , " Deborah Mays said in a statement Monday . "  While it provides some closure to learn that heart disease took Billy from us , it certainly does n't ease the enormous void that his death has created in our lives , " she said . Billy Mays had told a friend before he went to sleep Saturday he was not feeling well . "  He said he was groggy , he was n't feeling that great . He wanted to get some sleep , " Todd Schnitt said . Watch friends remember Billy Mays " Mays was on a US Airways flight from Philadelphia that had a hard landing Saturday at Tampa International Airport after the front tire of the plane blew out . After the flight , Mays told a Tampa TV station , "  All of a sudden as we hit , you know , it was just the hardest hit , all the things from the ceiling started dropping . It hit me on the head , but I got a hard head . " Watch Mays talk about hard landing " Mays , with his booming voice , was famous for fronting products such as OxiClean and Orange Glo in TV commercials . iReport.com : Mays imitator meets the real thing No evidence of exterior or interior head trauma was found during Mays ' autopsy , Adams said . The Discovery Channel -- which airs "  Pitchmen " co-hosted by Mays -- issued a statement saying , "  It is with incredible sadness that we have to report that Billy Mays died in his sleep last night . Everyone that knows him was aware of his larger-than-life personality , generosity and warmth . Billy was a pioneer in his field and helped many people fulfill their dreams . He will be greatly missed as a loyal and compassionate friend . " CNN 's John Zarrella , Vivian Kuo and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	"  Heart disease took Billy from us , " wife says in statement Sudden death not unusual in heart disease cases , coroner says Billy Mays , 50 , is best known for his ads in which he shouts the attributes of OxiClean The pitchman was pronounced dead Sunday morning , authorities said
Will Smith 's date doctor "  Hitch " is setting up a practice on TV . According to numerous reports , Fox is adapting the 2005 romantic comedy into a half-hour show , in addition to trying to create TV versions of comedies "  Big " and "  Monster-in-Law . " Smith starred in the movie "  Hitch " as the titular dating guru Alex "  Hitch " Hitchens , who would help ordinary men shape up and land the partner of their dreams . Eva Mendes co-starred as the woman Hitch falls for . The movie has had a long shelf life , as it 's still in regular rotation on cable after earning close to $ 370 million at the box office worldwide . For the TV version , Fox has a script commitment in place for a concept that 's being pitched as a "  workplace comedy that explores dating and sexual politics . " Smith and his wife , Jada Pinkett Smith , are attached to executive produce the project along with James Lassiter , Caleeb Pinkett , Deborah Kaplan and Harry Elfont . Kaplan and Elfont , who 've scribed "  Ca n't Hardly Wait " ; "  Surviving Christmas " ; and "  Made of Honor , " are tackling the "  Hitch " comedy script . There 's no mention of whether Smith would be interested in filling the role of suave Alex Hitchens once again . Who else would you want to see play the role of Hitch ?	Fox is interested in adapting the movie "  Hitch " into a TV series It 's one of many film-to-TV adaptations the network is working on "  Hitch " star Will Smith is set to executive produce
CNN  -- Andrea Pirlo has ended speculation that he will join Chelsea by announcing that he has been taken off the transfer market by AC Milan and hopes to stay with the Serie A side for the rest of his career . Andrea Pirlo hopes to help AC Milan overcome the loss of Paolo Maldini and Kaka this season . The Italy midfielder has been linked with a move to the big-spending English Premier League club since coach Carlo Ancelotti quit Milan at the end of May and agreed to take over from Guus Hiddink at Stamford Bridge . The 30-year-old revealed on the Milan Web site that new team boss Leonardo was happy to keep him at the San Siro . "  Today is a great day , I 'm very happy to be able to end my career here , " Pirlo said on Thursday . "  This is thanks to president Silvio Berlusconi , Adriano Galliani and Leonardo who have given me the possibility to end my career here by taking me off the market . "  When they communicated this news to me , we were all happy . Finally this story ends and I can continue my adventure with the Rossoneri . "  There was a possibility of changing teams , but in the end the club and I agreed to continue together and we 're all happier . It was an eventful summer with many doubts , but in the end my family are happy to stay in Milan . " Pirlo , who joined Milan from city rivals Inter in 2001 , said that as a senior player he felt responsibility for maintaining the club 's momentum following the retirement of legendary defender Paolo Maldini and the sale of star player Kaka to Real Madrid . "  Milan 's history must continue to be winning . Us older players must take more responsibility and give everyone great satisfactions . The President has talked to us and he wants the story to continue , so we restart with great enthusiasm , " he said . "  Leonardo is a very good person and he will show in time he is a great coach thanks to everyone 's help because he deserves it and we will certainly reap the benefits . "	Italy midfielder Andrea Pirlo ends speculation that he will join Chelsea The 30-year-old says that AC Milan have taken him off the transfer market Pirlo has been linked with Chelsea since coach Carlo Ancelotti left Milan He says he now wants to end his career at the San Siro
Paris  CNN  -- The father of missing Swiss twins sent a letter to his wife saying he had killed them before committing suicide , police said Friday . Matthias Schepp , 43 , also studied suicide techniques , poisons and ferry schedules before allegedly taking 6 year-old Alessia and Livia Schepp from their home St. Sulpice , near Lausanne in western Switzerland , on January 30 , according to police in the Swiss canton of Vaud . The girls were spotted on a ferry to the island of Corsica the next day , but there have been no confirmed sightings since , according to investigators . A bar owner in Cerignola in southeastern Italy reported seeing a man with a northern Italian accent taking his daughter to the restroom , according to Rai Uno TV , which added that a police review of the bar 's video does n't support claims the man was Schepp . Schepp killed himself by stepping in front of a train in Cerignola on February 3 , a spokesman for the Swiss police said this week . Authorities did not release the contents of the letters , but the Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera published a sentence it said was from Schepp 's last letter , dated the same day he committed suicide and mailed from Bari , which is also in southern Italy about 60 miles  100 kilometers  east of where his body was found . "  The children rest in peace , they have not suffered , " the newspaper quoted the letter as saying . It is possible that Schepp killed the girls on the ferry to Corsica and threw their bodies overboard , Jacques Dallest , a French prosecutor , said earlier this week . In addition to the alleged confession , the letters -- eight in all -- contained about 4,500 euros , police said . Two more letters , containing 1,500 euros , were found in a postal box that was no longer in service . Police learned of the letters on February 8 , but did not tell the public to avoid complicating the search for the girls , according to a police statement . In addition to the letters , police said searches of Schepp 's computer revealed that he looked up information about firearms two days before allegedly taking the girls . The next day , he searched for information about poisoning techniques and ferry timetables , according to a statement on the website of the Vaud Cantonal Police . "  The information shows that the father had planned the trip in detail , " according to the police statement . Valerio Lucidi , the twins ' uncle , said in an interview with Rai Uno TV that "  the fact that everything has been planned for days is really worrying . " Swiss police searched the St. Sulpice home three times and investigated 60 other homes in the neighborhood , Vaud police said . They also searched the father 's four boats at the ports of Morges and Vidy as well as other ports in the region . Police have contacted all service stations between St. Sulpice and the Swiss city of Geneva , monitored all customs posts in the Geneva region , and hired a helicopter to search the lake near St. Sulpice . Police are now searching for the girls in Corsica , while the investigation in Switzerland is examining the family situation and the father 's private and professional life . Police have said Schepp took the girls following family problems , but police said they are n't aware of any evidence suggesting Schepp was having an affair . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne in Paris contributed to this report .	Newspaper quoted letter as saying the twins "  have not suffered " Police have not explained motive The authorities are now searching for the girls in Corsica
CNN  -- Remember when Sarah Palin was the face of the Republican Party ? It only seems like yesterday she was the Republicans ' most talked-about candidate for president . Now she 's gone from prominent voice on Fox News to a reality TV star whose latest project is a book entitled "  A Happy Holiday IS a Merry Christmas . " That 's almost as good a book title as Christine O'Donnell 's "  Troublemaker : Let 's Do What It Takes To Make America Great Again " and way better than the snoozer Sharron Angle is pushing : "  Right Angle : One Woman 's Journey to Reclaim the Constitution . " Immigration reform may be the aspect of the GOP rebranding strategy that gets the most headlines , but heeding Gov. Bobby Jindal 's call to "  stop being the stupid party " also appears to be high on the party 's list . Hence the marginalizing of Palin and the rest of the party 's Sisterhood of the Traveling Rants . In 2010 , the sisterhood was everywhere , speaking in front of big crowds , making stuff up as they went along . Now they 're at the kids ' table , trying to make room for one more : Michele Bachmann . "  I fully anticipate the mainstream liberal media to put a detrimental spin on my decision not to seek a fifth term , " Bachmann said in a nearly nine-minute video in which she announced that she is not seeking re-election . What is Bachmann 's legacy ? In another example of what has become the norm for conservatives who become annoyed by facts , Bachmann pointed a finger at the so-called mainstream liberal media and not at her former national field coordinator , Peter Waldron , who filed an ethics complaint . She 's accusing the media of spin instead of owning up to the fact that House Republicans have quietly shunned her or that her well-documented penchant for massaging the truth has drawn criticism from conservatives such as Bill O'Reilly . In April 2009 , while arguing against climate change on the House floor , Bachmann said , "  there is n't even one study that can be produced that shows that carbon dioxide is a harmful gas . " In 2011 , in regards to HPV vaccination , she said a mother told "  me that her little daughter took that vaccine , that injection , and she suffered from mental retardation thereafter . It can have very dangerous side effects . " This year , she gave a speech at the Conservative Political Action Conerence , slinging hunks of red-meat untruths about President Obama , and when she was questioned about the facts of her speech by CNN 's Dana Bash , she ran away . Bachmann said she is not disappearing and vows to keep fighting for America , a thought I 'm sure makes Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus cringe . He 's trying to limit the number of ignorant , controversial statements that derailed more than one campaign during the 2012 election . Bachmann is a walking ignorant , controversial statement waiting to happen . "  We have to be persistent but patient , " Priebus said in response to the handful of notable Republicans who have suggested impeaching Obama over the IRS scandal . "  I think where there 's smoke , there 's fire . If we present ourselves to the American people as intelligent , we 're going to be in a great place as far as showing that this administration is not transparent , is obsessed with power and hates dissent . But you do n't call for impeachment until you have evidence . " Bachmann looks forward to future , but not in the House Bachmann said it was worse than Watergate , and no , she presented no evidence to support such claims . The fact is , the brand of spitfire politics Bachmann , Palin et al. employ is usually not patient or intelligent . It 's often irresponsible hyperbole designed to generate buzz as opposed to inform . If directed properly , it 's an effective way to win an election . But the problem with spitfire is that it 's sometimes hard to control . The sisterhood was hard to control , and on more than one occasion , the party was burned because of it . That 's why slowly , methodically , politically , the most famous members of 2010 's sisterhood have been extinguished , done in by the fact that far too often they had no idea what they were talking about . Think about it : Three years ago , Palin was a rock star who had Democrats on the run . Now she 's writing a Christmas book . Thankfully , Susan Collins was too levelheaded to be a part of the group . Unfortunately , Olympia Snowe was too levelheaded to stay a part of Congress . One can only hope scrubbing stupid away can help bring respect back to a party that handed a lot of it over in exchange for the 2010 midterm election . Assuming Bachmann survives the ethics investigation , I 'm sure a new book is in her future as well . I just hope bookstores have the good sense to put it under "  fiction . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	Michele Bachmann announced her plan to leave Congress at end of term LZ Granderson says it 's progress in GOP effort to stop being "  the stupid party " Bachmann was one of a number of GOP figures who spoke nonsense , he says Granderson : Sarah Palin , Christine O'Donnell have faded into the background
New York  CNN  -- You 've tried to , but so far , your foray into social media marketing is not adding to sales , just to headaches . How will Twitter sell sweets at your ice cream parlor ? How will Facebook fill your restaurant or sell your handmade frocks ? I 've heard the complaint from small business owners and professionals a million times : "  How can I monetize social media ? " Mitch Goldstone has owned a photo-developing shop in Irvine , California , since 1990 . He used to develop 24-exposure film cartridges . Today he takes those shoe boxes of photos under your bed and scans them so you can use them online . Scanmyphoto.com has 10,600 followers on Twitter and Goldstone has sent 32,000 tweets . He does n't just self-promote . He shares links and product reviews , and blends into a running conversation online about all things photo . His presence on Twitter and Facebook has taken his Irvine photo shop international . He scans photos from three miles away in Irvine to thousands of miles away in Australia . "  If you 're not into social media social networking you will be out of business . I 'm going to repeat that : You will be out of business if you do n't tweet , use Facebook , and social media today , " Goldstone says . Ido Leffler is the co-founder of natural beauty brand "  Yes To ... " When an expensive traditional print marketing campaign fell flat , he and his partner turned to social media to find the face to their product . Their Facebook campaign attracted 150,000 fans and sales doubled in six months . Social media , in his view , is an equalizer . Anyone can use it , and using it well means new customers . "  Today you do n't have to spend any money at all to set up a Facebook fan page . You do n't need a huge marketing fund to set up a Twitter account . You need zero , " Leffler says . Here are some dos and do n'ts from accomplished users of social media : ` It just takes too much time and does n't add to sales ' Wrong attitude . You ca n't afford not to . An online presence is like a phone number : Your customers expect it and are looking for you online . Listen to your customers Listen to what your customers are saying about your business through social media . Answer them individually if you can . Word of mouth , good and bad , can have a powerful effect on sales . If it 's bad , ask your customers how you can do better . Be nimble In California , a group of hip food vendor trucks tweet their location each day so office workers can pop in . In New York , a brutal snowstorm last February meant the hit show "  Mamma Mia " would be empty on Broadway . The theater tweeted discount tickets for the brave Manhattanites who could walk through the snow , and the house filled . Watch your competitors You can get great ideas by watching how others in your industry are using social media . A ` tap on the shoulder ' Comedian Hal Sparks , who uses social media to listen to his fans and promote his appearances , suggests thinking of a tweet as "  a tap on the shoulder . " More than self-promotion Customers respond to well-timed discounts and coupons , but free advice and interesting links also get attention . Cultivate a consistent online persona "  Social media is a great place to be authentic and let your customers know who you are and tell your story , " says Mike Hofman , deputy editor , Inc. . Magazine . Astringent , corporate sounding prose wo n't get you very far . People who respond to social media move fast , are bright and want clever and succinct . Take it seriously Designate who in the business will be the online voice and keep it consistent . Some small business owners designate a junior , tech-savvy employee . While that can sometimes work , do n't just designate and forget it . "  That can be a problem because do you really want your intern getting your brand message out there and being sort of the arbiter of who you are in the wider commercial world ? " says Inc 's Hofman . CNN producer Joanna Digeronimo contributed to this report .	Small businesses ca n't afford to ignore marketing potential of Facebook and Twitter Do n't just self-promote and do ask your customers how you can improve Be nimble and turn problems into opportunities Think of a tweet as a "  tap on the shoulder " and cultivate consistent online persona
CNN  -- It was a big year for women , 2013 . In the past 12 months , Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg called on her fellow females to "  lean in " to their careers . And lean in they did : Janet Yellen was nominated to become the first woman to head the U.S. Federal Reserve and General Motors named Mary Barra the auto industry 's first female CEO . In a new epilogue to her book "  The End of Men : And the Rise of Women , " Hanna Rosin wrote that , thanks in part to strong political women like Kirsten Gillibrand , Tammy Baldwin and Claire McCaskill , the patriarchy is officially dead . But not all landmark moves by women were points scored . A few of the year 's biggest missteps serve as powerful reminders of what NOT to do in 2014 : Say things in private that you would n't in public : As part of a lawsuit filed by a former employee , erstwhile beloved celebrity chef Paula Deen admitted to having used racial slurs , including the N-word , and admiring a plantation-style event where the "  whole entire wait staff was middle-aged black men . " It was a particularly ironic revelation , given that she 'd built her reputation on being something of a comforting , maternal figure . She was promptly fired by the Food Network and lost endorsements with , among others , Wal-Mart , Home Depot , Target , and Sears . Tweet without thinking : Just before the holiday , PR exec Justine Sacco pressed send on a last-minute tweet before boarding a 12-hour flight : "  Going to Africa . Hope I do n't get AIDS . Just kidding . I 'm white ! " She had just a few hundred followers at the time . But the Internet has a way of making the intimate go viral , and by the time Sacco landed in South Africa , she was the biggest Internet story of the week . She endured public excoriation and , ultimately , lost her job . And though Sacco 's words were insensitive at best , the outrage that followed -- which included some death threats -- proved that Sacco is n't exactly the only one lacking empathy . Tell only half the story : Lara Logan 's deeply flawed report on Benghazi that aired on "  60 Minutes " threatened the long-running news program 's credibility and called into question journalistic practices across the board . The worst part : The mistake was avoidable , according to a CBS review that stated the accounts provided by the report 's key source differed from versions provided to the FBI . As a result , Logan and her producer were suspended . Stay silent in the face of criticism . When the website for Obamacare launched -- or , more accurately , failed to launch -- it was Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius who took most of the heat . Millions called for her firing , and the voices only grew louder as Sebelius initially refused to testify before Congress about the nearly inoperable website . Muddle the message . Miley Cyrus ' butt-shaking , foam-finger-waving performance at the MTV Video Music Awards in August was a lesson in how shock sells . Though the act spawned much outrage -- Vogue reportedly pulled its plans to feature her on the cover , and longtime boyfriend Liam Hemsworth moved on as well -- album sales climbed . But then she followed it up with a topless photo shoot with Terry Richardson ; a not-quite-pornographic music video ; and an admission that , yes , she is singing about drugs  sorry , kids !  . In the end , the takeaway was clear : The act overshadows the talent . Chances are good that as we move into 2014 , it 's the foam finger we 'll remember more than Miley 's songs . Use shame to motivate . California mother of three Maria Kang became headline news for a photograph she posted to her Facebook account in which she appeared toned and tanned in a sports bra and short shorts beneath the provocative caption , "  What 's Your Excuse ? " After the photo went viral -- and Kang was bashed for "  fat shaming " -- she claimed she 'd only intended to motivate others . What ensued brought out bullies on both sides , and served to undermine any positive conversation Kang might have envisioned . The fact is that by posting the photo , Kang was issuing judgment on others . And she was judged in return . Assume all women want the same things . Even one of the year 's more inspiring messages for women contained elitist notes : In calling for women to "  lean in " to their careers , Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg assumed that all women want to "  have it all " -- or even want the same things , period . Her book , "  Lean In : Women , Work , and the Will to Lead , " ignited a powerful discussion . But in some ways her experiences are so far from the norm of the majority of women in the workforce , and her edict about what women "  should do " is so absolute , that her larger message , unfortunately , got lost at times . Frida Ghitis : 10 women who shaped 2013 Of course , 2013 was filled with many gains -- Texas state Sen. Wendy Davis ' pro-choice filibuster , Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer standing by her decision to ban working from home , then seeing the company 's stock soar , and Angelina Jolie 's very public double mastectomy among them . For every errant twerk , pop culture saw its share of positive messages for women , including Malala Yousafzai 's "  I Am Malala " -- a Pakistani girl 's tale of being shot by the Taliban for speaking out about the rights of women -- and the consistent challenging of the Hollywood body ideal in Lena Dunham 's "  Girls . " Missteps are part of the normal course of life ; they are n't a step back . But it 's key to remember , as we enter 2014 , as women make greater strides in the battle toward complete gender equity , that their words and actions matter . Greater gains , after all , also mean more people are watching . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Drexler .	Peggy Drexler : 2013 saw big gains for women but some mistakes we can all learn from She says Paula Deen , Kathleen Sebelius , Miley Cyrus , Lara Logan were some who stumbled Drexler : Janet Yellen , Mary Barra were among the trailblazers in the rise of women this year
CNN  -- The massacre of students and a teacher within the seemingly safe hallways of Columbine High School reverberated so strongly that its reflection can be found in the creations of multiple artists , writers , musicians , and filmmakers over the past decade . "  Elephant , " musician Marilyn Manson , and the bestseller "  Nineteen Minutes " entered the spotlight post-Columbine . "  It was n't the first school shooting , but it became the extreme case , " said Robert Thompson , founding director of the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University . "  The word ` Columbine ' became a word that represented something much , much larger than that particular high school . " Columbine , in some ways , represents the broad insecurity triggered by extreme acts of violence . Littleton , Colorado , is as picturesque as the set of a family film . And thanks in part to the 24-hour news cycle , the world witnessed scenes that appeared to be out of a movie : bloodied victims escaping through windows and frightened teens scurrying to safety as law enforcement descended . Film critic Desson Thomson said films such as Gus Van Sant 's "  Elephant " do not have to reach far into the American psyche to tell a tale of horror in a post-Columbine world . "  Columbine is now a little like the way 9/11 is engrained in our cultural perspective , so that something like ` Elephant ' does n't even have to directly allude to it , " he said . "  Because we were so immersed in Columbine ... the filmmakers know that the audience has that reference point , so it does n't take much to even poke at that for all of that dimension to come swimming through our consciousness . " "  Elephant , " which won two awards at the Cannes Film Festival in 2003 , dramatized a normal day at a high school that is about to become the scene of a planned mass slaughter by a pair of friends . Television shows such as "  Law & Order " and "  Cold Case " also delved into the lives of fictitious teens on murderous rampages . But music is the one medium that seemed almost primed for an interpretation of the day 's events . Shock rocker Marilyn Manson weathered speculation that his songs may have influenced the pair of young murderers . He addressed the issue in a Rolling Stone magazine article in 1999 . "  When it comes down to who 's to blame for the high school murders in Littleton , Colorado , throw a rock and you 'll hit someone who 's guilty , " Manson wrote . "  We 're the people who sit back and tolerate children owning guns , and we 're the ones who tune in and watch the up-to-the-minute details of what they do with them . " The spotlight on Manson did n't discourage other artists from referencing Columbine in their songs , music videos and lyrics . Genres from rock to rap reflected on the tragedy . Manson himself released an album titled "  Holy Wood  In the Shadow of the Valley of Death  " that contained songs alluding to the massacre . In the single "  The Nobodies , " Manson appeared to reiterate statements from his first-person piece in Rolling Stone with the lyrics "  Some children died the other day , We fed machines and then we prayed , Puked up and down in morbid faith , You should have seen the ratings that day . " Music , TV and film were not the only media that reacted to the shootings . In 2005 , an independent video game developer released "  Super Columbine Massacre RPG ! , " a role-playing game that allowed users to imagine themselves as the Columbine gunmen and act out the violence . Scott Steinberg , publisher of DigitalTrends.com , said the game is not indicative of the game market as a whole . He pointed out that that 85 percent of video games are rated "  E for everyone " "  E10 plus " or "  T for Teen . " Fewer violent video games are being produced today , Steinberg said , despite the perception that the industry mostly produces "  spray and slay " entertainment . "  The industry is becoming a lot more sensitive in realizing that we have a medium that reaches more people than ever , " Steinberg said . iReport.com : How did Columbine affect you ? Littleton , Colorado , was also very much on the mind of bestselling author Jodi Picoult when she came up with the idea for her popular 2007 novel "  Nineteen Minutes . " "  I have three children and I was watching all of them , at different points in their school careers , being bullied , " she said . "  It got me wondering why , in a post - Columbine world , we have n't figured this out yet . " Picoult 's novel told the story of a bullied , alienated high school student who commits an act of violence . Records have since been released disputing that Klebold and Harris were outcasts or the targets of bullying . Picoult said it was powerful for her to speak with Columbine survivors . She received a standing ovation from families in Littleton during a book event held there . "  It was really moving , " she said . "  You realize that the people who want to talk about it the most are the people who lived through it . The one thing I think we have learned , and the one thing I thing pop culture is good for , is the more that we see it pop up , the more we are reminded that this is a worthy subject . "	Columbine tragedy provided fodder for several creative works Musicians , writers , filmmakers and game developers responded with projects "  Elephant " an example of film that tackled the tragedy Marilyn Manson responded to allegations his music helped inspire massacre
Philadelphia , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Gregory Corbin was standing in San Francisco when Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter called his cell phone . Yes , the mayor . Nutter was calling Corbin to congratulate him and his students for taking first place at the Brave New Voices poetry competition July 20-23 in San Francisco . Corbin , a social studies teacher and spoken-word poet , founded Philadelphia Youth Poetry Movement to provide a positive outlet for teens in his hometown . Expressing loss , anger through ` slam ' poetry The four-day Brave New Voices festival and competition was created by Youth Speaks Inc. in 1998 after the inaugural Youth Speaks Teen Poetry Slam in San Francisco -- the first poetry competition  or slam  dedicated to youth in the nation 's history . Since then , Brave New Voices has grown to include youth from across the United States and Europe , making it the largest ongoing spoken word event in the world . The Philadelphia team almost did n't make it past the first round . Dubbed the comeback kids by their mentors , they fought back from the bottom of each round , making it to the semifinals before sweeping the finals . "  That call was confirmation that what they did was bigger than them , it was a reflection on the city that needed something positive from its youth , " said Corbin . "  The mayor has been very good to PYPM and has been very supportive . " The mayor did more than make a phone call . During the week leading up to the competition he invited the group to City Hall , where he had a surprise for them : $ 5,000 from the city , $ 5,000 from the Lomax Family Foundation and 20 round-trip airline tickets from Southwest . When young people step up to do the right thing , adults must step up to support them , Nutter said . "  These young people , expressing themselves creatively and positively , should be an inspiration to our entire city , " he said . "  This sends a message to all young people in Philadelphia that if you work hard , if you are positive , and if you are supported then there is nothing that you can not achieve . " Long hours of preparation The close-knit group of Philadelphia teens spent weeks preparing for the competition , often practicing six days a week for sometimes up to six hours . "  It was their decision to put in this kind of work , it was n't mandated by us , " said Perry "  Vision " Divirgilio , a performance coach and poetry movement mentor . "  We never had to push them because they did n't want to let anybody down . " Philadelphia Youth Poetry Movement , - a 5-year-old nonprofit run entirely by volunteers , helps Philadelphia youth discover the power of their voices through spoken word and literary expression . The students spend their Saturdays throughout the year attending free writing workshops . There are monthly "  slams , " regional performances and community service outings . The team returned to Philadelphia with very little fanfare , and the students went right back to attending Saturday writing workshops . Catching the attention of news outlets was the latest flash mob to plague the city in recent months . Flash mobs in the City of Brotherly Love are n't the singing and dancing kind uploaded to YouTube . Instead , flash mobs in Philadelphia are violent eruptions in which mobs of teens run through the streets attacking people and damaging property . Over the weekend , Philadelphia police arrested three juveniles and a 19-year-old on charges of assault , reckless endangerment and robbery after a rampaging mob struck the Center City area , causing minor injuries to two people , according to police . "  It 's very frustrating . While that 's going on we have kids who are waking up on Saturday to go to a writing workshop , " Divirgilio said . "  It 's hard to keep telling my kids to keep doing well when the ones causing problems get the attention . " A safe outlet Kai Davis is still in disbelief that her team won . She joined the team in January after meeting up with a friend at one of the group 's Saturday writing workshops . "  Winning was n't on my mind , it was doing the best that we could , " said Davis , an incoming high school senior who performed the poem "  Femininjas , " a social critique on the harassment of women , at the finals alongside teammate Charmira Nelson . "  I have fallen in love with spoken word and do n't want to stop writing . " The group provides a safe place for personal growth for youth who might otherwise have gone unnoticed , she said , adding that it is disappointing to have flash mobs be the face of Philadelphia youth . "  Most of the people in PYPM do n't have a structured family , but it has n't made them worse people , " she said . "  They would n't be out shooting or getting in trouble , they 'd be out there trying to survive . " Visiting San Francisco was the farthest Jamarr Hall has ever traveled from home . The group helped him find his voice , said Hall , a 19-year-old plumber 's apprentice who graduated high school in June 2010 . He joined the poetry group after hearing about it at an after-school poetry workshop hosted by his English class . "  It 's a chance to show people what I can do on and off stage . I believe I have yet to reach my peak and I 'm not stopping here , " said Hall , whose mother died when he was 8 . "  We should be known for things other than playing sports or flash mobs . "	Students from Philadelphia win National poetry contest in San Francisco They prepared six days a week for the competition , where they performed before judges Team wants to show city has teens who are doing positive things with lives Philadelphia has had problems with flash mobs -- group attacks on people and property
CNN  -- When I returned home from the Fit Nation Kickoff weekend three months ago , I was tired and overwhelmed , and every muscle in my body ached . This past week , my teammates and I wrapped up our "  midway " training trip in Clermont , Florida . I am proud and excited to report that the experience left me feeling exhilarated , confident and energized ! The best part is that it 's not because of any magic pill or potion ; it is the result of making a commitment to myself to become healthier . Behind the scenes : Training for a triathlon I am an overweight 57-year-old , soon-to-be-retired grandmother . I LOVE a challenge and am one of those people who is not afraid to step out my comfort zone for a worthy goal . During kickoff weekend , we were promised that the first few months would be base-building . We were given an overview of basic swimming techniques , tips to help our running form and information on healthy nutrition . We received workouts on a weekly basis that were designed for each of us to develop our endurance , skill and strength . It was up to each of us whether we did them , how much effort we put into each session and what we put into our bodies . I have not been perfect in any of these areas , but life is about progress , not perfection . And I can absolutely say that I have made progress ! Training dedicated to slain colleague In January , I could not even put my face in the water , let alone swim . Thanks to the patience and teaching of my coaches and teammates , I arrived in Florida holding my own in the pool . By the end of the week , not only had I gained more confidence , I had my very first experience in the ocean . Once we survived putting our wetsuits on , we headed into the water at Cocoa Beach . Completely out of my comfort zone , I was content to watch my teammates as they enthusiastically ran into the water toward the waves . I had to laugh when one of the producers , who was in the water with us , said to me , "  So , Rae , you know that the swim in Malibu is in the Pacific Ocean , right ? " I did know that , I told him , but swimming in a pool had been such an overwhelming undertaking for me that I had not spent much time actually processing how much different swimming in the ocean was going to be . That was the moment that I knew I had to take the leap and actually get into water above my knees . I figured I might as well literally dive in and give it a try . Not only did I live to tell about it , I can honestly say it was a blast , and I ca n't wait to do it again ! As I 'm more than 20 years older than the rest of the team , there have been a few times that I thought I would have to accept reality -- that I would not be able to do everything they could . The ocean experience was definitely one of them . I figured that if it was n't something I had accomplished by now , I probably never would . It was exhilarating to find out that I was wrong . Even more important , it was just what I needed to move me past thinking that way in the future . Similar things happened on the bike and on the road . Even though it is not something I have done a lot of the past few years , I have always enjoyed riding a bicycle . I had no idea what a different experience riding a road bike with my feet clipped in the pedals would be . My first two rides were pretty traumatic , and I have the scars on my knees and elbows to prove it . Again , thanks to mentoring and practice , it turns out that I am not too shabby on the bike . Much to my surprise , I enjoy the long bike rides and the accomplishment of making it to the top of a hill that looked impossible from the bottom . The key to fitness ? Schedule it in I have progressed from walking on the treadmill for 2 miles three times a week to actually running the entire distance of a 5.38-mile course on the clay trails outside of Clermont -- another thing I did n't think I could do , even as we were in the car on our way to the trail . The euphoria that I had at the finish line of our first practice triathlon made me forget the struggle to get there . The best part is that feeling lasted for the rest of the day . Here 's what I realized at the conclusion of the midway training trip : I will complete the triathlon this fall . I can actually see myself crossing the finish line with my awesome teammates and the new friends whom I have met along the way . It is hard for me to put into words , but I also realized that this experience is about more than the triathlon itself . Being outside of my comfort zone , both mentally and physically , has helped me conquer my fears and self-doubt . It has given me the courage and confidence to keep working toward my goals and dreams , no matter how lofty . Follow Rae on Twitter @TriHardRae .	Rae Timme could n't swim when she joined the CNN Fit Nation team Timme swam in the ocean for the first time during the team 's Florida midway trip "  The euphoria that I had at the finish line ... made me forget the struggle to get there "
CNN  -- FIFA has imposed a worldwide lifetime ban from football on 41 players from Korea who became embroiled in match-fixing activities in their domestic league . In another episode that underlines the fight soccer faces to rid the sport of corruption , the game 's governing body extended a ban handed down by the Korea Football Association  KFA  in 2011 . Of those 41 players , FIFA have offered 21 who handed themselves in voluntarily a chance to return to the sport after a probationary period of between two and five years . The charges relate to match-fixing in Korea 's domestic K-League competition and in all but one case were centered on offering or accepting bribes to throw matches . These latest sanctions add to a further 10 worldwide bans imposed on players from Korea in June last year . A FIFA spokesman told CNN : "  The K-League first issued the sanctions , which were then extended by the KFA in summer of 2011 to have national scope , and then subsequently FIFA extended them to have worldwide effect . "  FIFA announced 10 sanctions in June 2012 having received the case files from the KFA , and a further 41 Tuesday . There could still be further cases to follow , but we 're not in a position at the moment to make any guess on numbers . "  Of the 51 cases , only one was for betting , whereas all the others were either for giving , or accepting bribes to fix matches . "  Of these 51 cases , 15 went to an appeal and an additional three persons  two players and one coach  committed suicide during the course of the investigations . "  Some of the 51 people involved have also been the subject of criminal proceedings in Korea , including jail sentences . " Soccer has been grappling with cases of match-fixing in recent years with Italian prosecutors conducting a wide-ranging investigation into some of Serie A 's most high-profile clubs . Napoli were hit with a two-point penalty that dropped them from third to fifth in Serie A as part of the ongoing probe , though they vehemently denied any wrongdoing . Their defender Paolo Cannavaro is appealing his six-month ban for failing to report an illegal approach . Juventus coach Antonio Conte recently returned from a 10-match touchline ban imposed for failing to report match-fixing while coach at Siena . In 2006 , Juve were stripped of two league titles and relegated to the third division of Italian football -- before later being reinstated in the second tier -- for their part in the "  Calciopoli " scandal . Elsewhere , the president of the South African Football Association  SAFA  and four other officials were suspended in December as part of an investigation into match-fixing ahead of the country hosting the FIFA World Cup in 2010 . It is alleged four friendly games were prearranged for the benefit of convicted Singaporean match-fixer Wilson Perumal and his Football 4U organization . In response to this threat on soccer 's integrity FIFPro , the worldwide players ' union , recently announced a project to tackle fixing that will include an education program and an online tool for their members to report illegal approaches . FIFPro have European Union funding behind their ` Do n't Fix It ' scheme and will be working closely with Birkbeck University and European soccer 's governing body UEFA . The initiative will be launched in nine countries : England , Finland , Greece , Hungary , Italy , Norway , Romania , Scotland and Slovenia . The 21 Korean players who handed themselves in voluntarily will also be required to put themselves forward for community service if they decide they want to return to the game . A statement on FIFA 's website explained : "  These services include the provision of coaching classes for local football clubs for youth and adult players ; involvement in and support of football for those with disabilities ; and the support of ongoing and future domestic anti-match-fixing activities . "  Players who are subject to voluntary probation may produce monthly reports on their respective community service activities , accompanied by documentary evidence of their activity  written , photographic or video  . "  The reinstatement of the respective player in football after the probation period will only be decided by the Korea Football Association  KFA  . "	FIFA imposes a worldwide lifetime ban from football on 41 players from Korean Republic Soccer 's governing body extends domestic ban imposed by Korea Football Association FIFA offer 21 players who handed themselves in a chance of returning to football Recent match-fixing incidents have occurred in Italy and South Africa
Washington  CNN  -- Two U.S. air marshals who arrested the wife of a Brazilian judge on a flight to Rio de Janeiro -- and were themselves arrested and had their passports confiscated by Brazilian authorities -- fled the country using alternate travel documents rather than face what they believed to be trumped-up charges , sources said . The incident has impacted air marshal operations on flights to Brazil , officials said , and air marshals contacted by CNN said the case raises questions about Brazil 's willingness to support future law enforcement actions by U.S. officials on international flights . The incident occurred on October 1 on Continental Flight 128 from Houston , Texas , to Rio de Janeiro . During the flight , a female passenger who appeared to be intoxicated tried to serve herself drinks by going to the plane 's galley , one source said . The plane 's crew asked air marshals to intervene , and two marshals approached the woman , who began struggling with them . Two sources said the woman bit one of the air marshals , and she was handcuffed and placed under arrest . At the Rio airport , the air marshals went to turn over the woman to local authorities but were themselves brought before a federal judge and charged with misdemeanor counts of assault , sources said . Brazilian authorities took the air marshals ' passports , so they could not leave the country and set a court hearing for the following week , sources said . "  They  Brazilian officials  did not want them to leave . They were not free to go , " one U.S. law enforcement source said . But the air marshals used alternate travel documents and quietly departed the country on a commercial flight that same day without the knowledge of the Brazilian court officials who had sought their detention . One source said the air marshals believed the charges against them were retaliatory because the passenger they arrested is the wife of a prominent Brazilian judge . The air marshals believed it was to their benefit to leave the country and let the U.S. and Brazilian governments resolve the dispute , the source said . The air marshals had not recovered their passports when they left , the sources said . A Transportation Security Administration official , contacted by CNN on the day of the incident , confirmed that air marshals had confronted a "  disruptive passenger " on Flight 128 , and said that U.S. officials were working with their Brazilian counterparts to resolve "  an issue , " which the official declined to discuss . Shortly before midnight the day of the incident , the TSA official said the air marshal team had left Brazil , but the official did not elaborate on the circumstances . U.S. officials on October 1 and again this week declined to discuss the circumstances in which the air marshals left Brazil . But , commenting about the incident on board the aircraft , an official said , "  We believe our federal air marshals acted appropriately within the provisions of the Convention on Offenses and Certain Other Acts Committed on Board Aircraft  Tokyo Convention  . " Air marshals and union representatives contacted by CNN say it is important that Brazil and other nations recognize law enforcement actions taken by air marshals during international flights . "  In theory we 're all working together to combat the threat of terrorism and we should not let egos or marital relations impact proper procedure and legal protocols , " said Jon Adler , national president for the union that represents air marshals . Numerous sources said the issue is still unresolved . According to court documents in Brazil , after the air marshals missed a scheduled court appointment on October 6 , the court contacted the U.S. Embassy in an attempt to get the air marshals ' addresses . On Tuesday , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano met with Brazilian Minister of Defense Nelson Job to discuss strengthening the global aviation system . The United States and Brazil signed a "  joint statement of intent on aviation security . " A Department of Homeland Security official said the parties did not discuss the Continental Flight 128 incident or its aftermath . Sources said they believe the two agents remain charged in Brazilian courts . They did not know if the agents ' passports had been returned to them or the U.S. government . State Department officials have declined to comment on the incident , but said it is not affecting relations with Brazil . "  We 've got broad , deep relations with Brazil , " State Department spokesman Mark Toner said . "  We have many , many areas of cooperation with Brazil . And on those areas where we have had disagreements , or rather issues to address , and challenges , we 've worked through them quite effectively . " A call to the Brazilian Embassy in Washington on Thursday was not immediately returned . Journalist Luciani Gomes contributed to this report .	Two air marshals were on a Continental flight to Rio on October 1 Sources say the marshals arrested a female passenger after a disruption When the flight landed in Rio , the marshals were arrested by Brazilian authorities A source says the passenger is the wife of a prominent Brazilian judge
CNN  -- Ryan Dunn , one of the stars of MTV 's "  Jackass " films and TV series , was killed in a fiery car crash on a Pennsylvania highway early Monday , police said . A passenger in Dunn 's 2007 Porsche 911 GT3 was also killed , but investigators have not positively identified the body , according to the police report sent to CNN . The red-bearded Dunn , 34 , was famous for his pranks and dangerous stunts on the show , which evolved into a successful film franchise . West Goshen , Pennsylvania , police were called to the wreck scene on State Route 322 at 2:30 a.m. , the police report said . "  Upon arrival , police located one vehicle off the road and in the woods that was fully engulfed in flames , " the report said . "  Speed may have been a contributing factor to the accident , " police said , although the investigation is in its preliminary stages . Dunn was driving the Porsche , which was registered in his name , police said . A photo of Dunn was posted on his Twitter account about two hours before the wreck showing him with a drink in his hand . Two men sitting with Dunn in the photo are not identified . The manager of Barnaby 's in West Chester , Pennsylvania , confirmed that the photo was taken in his bar Sunday night . The bar is about a mile away from where Dunn was killed in a car crash . Manager Jim O'Brien confirmed that Dunn was drinking there . "  He did n't seem to be intoxicated at the time he left , " O'Brien said . "  Ryan was not a hardcore drinker , at least not when he was here . " O'Brien said Dunn was a regular customer and well known to his staff . "  He was a valuable person in our community and his death is a tragedy , " O'Brien said . "  He will be missed . " MTV issued a short statement through its Twitter account Monday morning : "  We 're deeply saddened by the passing of a member of the MTV family , Ryan Dunn . Our hearts and thoughts are with his friends and family . " "  Jackass " star Johnny Knoxville tweeted his message Monday morning : "  Today I lost my brother Ryan Dunn . My heart goes out to his family and his beloved Angie . RIP Ryan , I love you buddy . " Dunn teamed up with "  Jackass " co-star Steve-O for an episode of the NBC game show "  Minute to Win It " that aired on June 8 . He also hosted "  Proving Ground , " which premiered on the G4 channel on June 14 . CNN 's Jack Hannah and Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	NEW : Dunn "  did n't seem to be intoxicated , ' bar manager says "  Speed may have been a contributing factor , " police say Dunn 's Porsche was "  fully engulfed in flames , " police say A passenger who was killed has not been identified
CNN  -- Jailed former prison escapee John McCluskey was discovered Tuesday with self-inflicted cuts on his neck and forearms , a source close to the investigation said . McCluskey , 45 , was taken from the Mohave County Jail in Kingman , Arizona , to a hospital , where he was treated for minor injuries . The cuts apparently were made with a disposable razor . McCluskey was serving a 15-year sentence for attempted second-degree murder and other charges when he and fellow convicts Tracy Province and Daniel Renwick broke out of the prison July 30 , allegedly with help from Casslyn Mae Welch . Renwick was recaptured the next day , and Province was caught eight days later . But McCluskey and Welch , 44 , eluded authorities until late last week . The hunt for the pair ranged from the Southwest to western Montana and along the border with Canada , federal marshals said . Welch and McCluskey appeared in court Friday in Apache County , Arizona , where he faces three counts of kidnapping , two counts of escape , two counts of robbery , two counts of aggravated assault and two counts of misconduct involving weapons . Welch faces a similar but shorter list of charges . Bail was set at $ 1 million for each . McCluskey and Welch were arrested late Thursday at a campground on the edge of Apache and Sitgreaves National Forests in Springerville , Arizona , U.S. Marshal David Gonzales said Friday . A forest service employee noticed an unattended fire at a campsite and spotted a suspicious car backed into some trees , authorities said . A license plate check determined that it matched the description of one recently stolen in New Mexico , near where a couple was murdered . McCluskey and Welch are suspected in the killings of the couple , whose bodies were found in their burned camper this month , according to authorities . Welch , who was on the visitation list for one of the inmates , threw cutting tools over a prison fence to help the men escape , corrections officials said this month . Renwick , 36 , was captured August 1 in a shootout with police in Rifle , Colorado . He was serving 22 years for second-degree murder when he escaped . Province , 42 , was caught August 9 in Meeteetse , Wyoming , near Yellowstone National Park after authorities were notified by a local resident who sat and talked with Province a day earlier on the steps of a church in town . He was serving a life sentence for murder and armed robbery . Renwick remains in the Garfield County , Colorado , jail on charges of attempted first-degree murder and eluding police , the U.S. Marshals Service said Sunday . Authorities are working to coordinate the transport of Province back to Arizona from Wyoming , expected to occur within the next month , the marshals service said . This month , a warden and a security official resigned their posts at the Arizona state prison where the three inmates escaped , according to a spokesman for the private company that runs the facility . CNN 's Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	McCluskey apparently used a disposable razor The injuries are minor , source says McCluskey and his alleged accomplice eluded police for three weeks
RALEIGH , North Carolina  CNN  -- Federal authorities are searching for an eighth alleged member of a North Carolina group that authorities say plotted "  violent jihad " overseas , prosecutors said Tuesday . Daniel Patrick Boyd , left , and Mohammad Omar Aly Hassan are two of the seven men charged . Robin Zier of the U.S. attorney 's office in Raleigh told CNN that the eighth person , whose name has been redacted from court documents , is a U.S. citizen . She added that U.S. Attorney George Holding had said federal authorities hoped to have the person apprehended soon , and the public should not be worried . The U.S. attorney 's office would not release further details . According to an indictment released Monday , the eighth suspect , described as a North Carolina resident , traveled to Pakistan in October 2008 to "  engage in violent jihad . " It offered no other information . Seven other men have been arrested on charges of supporting terrorism and conspiracy to commit murder abroad . Officials identified three of the men as U.S. native Daniel Patrick Boyd , 39 , and Boyd 's sons , Dylan Boyd , 22 , also known as "  Mohammed , " and Zakariya Boyd , 20 . Daniel Boyd had fought against the Soviets in Afghanistan . The four others are : Mohammad Omar Aly Hassan , also a U.S.-born citizen ; Hysen Sherifi , identified as a native of Kosovo who is a legal permanent resident of the United States ; and Hiyad Yaghi and Anes Subasic , both naturalized U.S. citizens . Watch why wife says they were in Mideast " Officials did not immediately identify the native countries of Yaghi and Subasic . All seven are accused of engaging in weapons training and military tactics in North Carolina , the Justice Department said . Sabrina Boyd , the wife of Daniel Patrick Boyd and the mother of the two younger Boyds , said the charges had not been substantiated . "  We are decent people who care about other human beings , " Sabrina Boyd said in a statement read on her behalf by Khalilah Sabra . "  I have raised my sons to be good people and we are a good family , " she said , according to Sabra , the North Carolina director of the Muslim American Society 's Freedom Foundation , a civic and human rights group . Sabrina Boyd said in the statement that her husband had fought against the Soviets in Afghanistan with the "  full backing " of the U.S. government . Boyd went on to say in an interview with CNN that her family had traveled to the Middle East for peaceful reasons , including praying for a son who had died in a car crash . "  We all had agreed to go the Holy Land and pray for our son , " Boyd said . "  It would be a positive action and it would help console us and it would be in a place where we felt , Islamically , we could do the most good for our departed beloved . " According to the indictment , Daniel Boyd and his sons left the United States for Israel in June 2007 to "  engage in violent jihad , but ultimately returned to the United States after failing in their efforts . " It said Yaghi and Hassan had also traveled to Israel in June 2007 , and that Daniel Boyd had lied to Customs and Border Protection agents at the Atlanta , Georgia , and Raleigh airports about intending to meet the two men in the Jewish state . The indictment also said Daniel Boyd had traveled to Gaza in March 2006 "  to introduce his son to individuals who also believed that violent jihad was a personal obligation on the part of every good Muslim . " The indictment mentions mentions other trips -- by Yaghi to Jordan in October 2006 ; by Sherifi to Kosovo in July 2008 ; and by the unidentified defendant to Pakistan in October 2008 . All the trips were taken to "  engage in violent jihad , " the indictment alleges , without providing details . The documents make no reference to a direct threat to individuals or property in the United States , but said the men had practiced military tactics in a North Carolina county that borders Virginia . The defendants , with a substantial cache of weapons , had "  practiced military tactics and use of weapons on private property in Caswell County , North Carolina , in June and July 2009 , " the indictment said . Daniel Boyd , "  a veteran of terrorist training camps " had "  conspired with others to recruit and help young men travel overseas in order to kill , " according to a written statement from the Justice Department 's top counterterrorism official , David Kris . It was unclear whether the seven had hired lawyers , and the federal public defender 's office in Raleigh did not immediately return a phone call . CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Seven other men have been arrested on charges of supporting terrorism 8th person being sought is U.S. citizen ; public told not to be worried Wife of suspect Daniel Patrick Boyd said charges had not been substantiated Daniel Boyd , a U.S. citizen , and his two sons are among the seven men arrested
InStyle.com  -- From the humanitarian crisis in Darfur to art therapy and literacy programs , find out about the favorite charitable organizations and causes of some of Hollywood 's biggest names . "  There is more hope and love on the cancer floor of the hospital than anywhere else in life , " says Eva Longoria . Intensive care When Eva Longoria visited Annie Martinez , their to-do list was simple : playing , reading books and talking . "  I told her to come live with me , " says Annie , 6 , who spent last year at Children 's Hospital Los Angeles undergoing leukemia treatments that made her lose weight and her curls . Annie now returns monthly for "  pokies " -- 6-year-old-speak for chemotherapy -- but she is considered lucky . She survived . "  There are reasons our children are dying at a faster rate , " says Longoria , 32 , who notes that Latino children have a significantly higher cancer-mortality rate owing to factors like delayed diagnosis and the language barrier . To combat those odds , the Desperate Housewives actress teamed up with Padres Contra El Cáncer  Parents Against Cancer  , an L.A.-based organization that works with area hospitals to provide counseling , support and information for children with cancer . It assists about 750 families each year . Since stepping up as national spokeswoman in 2005 , Longoria has helped raise funds for children like Annie and their loved ones . "  It is too difficult , " admits Annie 's mother , Elizabeth , who turned to Padres for assistance . Longoria has already recruited celebrity friends , including Mario Lopez , Wilmer Valderrama and her husband , Tony Parker , to bolster her efforts . Her next goal is to help the organization go national and hire hospital interpreters . Until then , she 'll continue her visits , bringing along toys , chocolates and the message that there is someone to listen -- in English or in Spanish . "  I am there to hear their story , to comfort them , " says Longoria , "  to let them know that they are remembered and important . " Hearts and crafts A worn homemade Playbill hangs on the wall of the All Saints Health Care hospital room that David Anguiano , 17 , shares with his pet turtle and another patient . On the announcement Anguiano 's name is more prominent than that of his famous collaborator , Kirsten Dunst , and a fan letter from the actress hangs nearby . "  My dear David , " it reads , "  I will always love you . Marry me , please  or at least consider it !  . All my love . Your girl , Kirsten XOXO . " "  He 's a witty little flirt , " says a laughing Dunst , who met Anguiano last year during her first hospital visit for the Art of Elysium , an L.A. charity that pairs artists with young people battling serious medical conditions , like cancer and AIDS . The actress regularly does artistic projects with kids in the program , some of whom are limited by conditions requiring ventilators or tracheotomies . "  A lot of the kids ca n't communicate , but it 's amazing how much they say to you with their eyes , " says Dunst . "  Their faces light up when they hear music or see dancing . " The Art of Elysium offers many projects , from sculpture to jewelry making and sand art , to foster creativity in patients , no matter what their challenges . "  We bring the paint to their beds and finger-paint , " says Dunst , who helps by opening their fingers and guiding them on the page . "  It is great for them to feel the paint on their hands , " she says . "  It 's all sensorial . " Last year she worked with more than 20 children to create a mural-size painting from overlapping handprints , which was then auctioned off at a fund-raiser . Dunst , who plans to contribute her own paintings to help raise money , has seen the group gain momentum during her weekly hospital visits . In 2005 the charity worked with 5,000 children ; last year it was 25,000 . "  It 's nice to be there to watch it grow , " says Dunst , "  and to grow with it . " Hope for Darfur When Don Cheadle packed his bags for a January 2005 trip to Darfur , Sudan , where government-sponsored militia have killed 400,000 and displaced 2.5 million people , the last thing on his mind was personal safety . "  I was n't nervous about going , " says Cheadle , 42 . "  I was nervous about what I would see . " What he observed has stayed with him to this day . The villages he visited were deserted after attacks by the Janjaweed militia  whose tactics include fire , rape , murder and starvation  ; the shelters at refugee camps in neighboring Chad turned out to be little more than temporary tarps . "  People are living in dust , surrounded on all sides by terror , " says Cheadle . He did his best to connect with the children in Darfur -- like juggling rocks to encourage them to play -- but "  the kids were drawing pictures depicting bombers , " he says . "  It was heartbreaking because you could see their future , and it was bleak . " He saw similar circumstances six months later , when he visited war-torn Uganda , where more than 30,000 children have been abducted and forced into a rebel army . "  My daughter listened to a 12-year-old talk about having to kill his best friend , " says the actor , who visited shelters where children sleep for protection . "  It opened my eyes . What hope do people in Darfur have ? What hope do people in Uganda have ? " Cheadle believes things will get better only when the international community demands change from elected officials . John Prendergast , senior adviser of the International Crisis Group , who traveled with Cheadle , says , "  Nothing is as powerful as citizens writing letters saying , ` This issue matters . If you do n't do anything , I 'm going to take that into consideration when I cast my vote . ' " Until then the only assistance comes in the form of rescue workers . "  But they are down there with only courage and conviction , " says Cheadle . "  And that does n't stop bullets . " For more information go to Save Darfur Coalition . By the book "  Who wants to hear a story ? " Joan Allen asks a scrum of eager tykes all under the age of 5 as she plops down with them on the floor to read a classic tale . "  Then came the big Billy Goat Gruff . ` Trip , trap , trip , trap , trip , trap ' went the bridge , and the bridge creaked and groaned under him , " she reads in a low , ominous voice . "  Who 's that tramping over my bridge ? " Allen demands loudly , now sounding decidedly troll-like , as her listeners at Round-the-Clock Nursery , a Manhattan preschool , giggle and lean in closer . Several stories later , at the end of the reading hour , each child will go home with a new book of his or her own , courtesy of First Book , an organization that provides disadvantaged children with books . Allen , who has been a spokeswoman for them for the last five years , "  is someone who understands how powerful books can be for a child , " says the group 's president , Kyle Zimmer . Allen became involved with First Book through her friendship with a children 's book publisher . In addition to raising awareness of the group 's work , she frequently visits schools to read to the students and willingly participates in First Book fund-raisers . But , says Zimmer , her commitment goes beyond using her celebrity to help the cause . "  She has even been to our dirty , dusty warehouse , carting out books and loading them into the trunks of people 's cars . " For Allen , it 's simply part of fulfilling the group 's mission : getting books into the hands of children . "  These kids are in a situation where they always get secondhand things , but here they get new books to bring home and share , " she said . "  It 's an esteem-building thing . " Which certainly has been constructive . With the help of supporters like Allen , the organization has just given away its 50 millionth book , and that speaks volumes . A world of hope When Lucy Liu visited the African nation of Lesotho in 2005 , the Unicef ambassador left her mark on the landscape . "  I planted a peach tree there , " says the actress . "  The fruit is supposed to bring good luck and blessings . " In truth , blessings are in short supply in many of the regions she has visited through Unicef , which offers global health and educational support for children . Taking inspiration from past ambassadors like Audrey Hepburn , Liu offered her services three years ago . Since then she has been on call for humanitarian trips to places in Africa and Asia and has made a habit of keeping her passport with her and her immunizations up-to-date . Last year she visited Balakot , Pakistan , after an earthquake left more than 70,000 dead . She arrived to find rubble and camps with "  13 people sleeping in one very small tent , " says Liu , who helped distribute warm clothes . "  The line kept going on for miles ; people were desperately trying to get shoes and socks for their young ones . " More disturbing was the makeshift outdoor "  school " next to a mass grave for children who had died in the quake . "  Everyone was sitting in a circle on the dirt for the class , " says Liu . "  There was a grave a foot away . " The message was clear to her : Life continues . Another unforgettable moment came when a student in a Lesotho school offered up her tight little fist . "  She opened it , and there was a nub of a pencil that she was holding on to for dear life , " recalls Liu . "  It 's amazing how much they want to be educated . " Schooling is just one step for the organization , which uses even the smallest donations to address needs like immunizations and basic health care that help to save more than two million children each year . "  Contribute 50 cents , a dollar or 10 cents , " says Liu . "  It all adds up , and we know exactly where every penny is going . " For more information go to UNICEF . E-mail to a friend	Some celebrities give from heart and self to help others Don Cheadle admires courage of relief workers in war torn Darfur Lucy Liu saw classes held next to mass grave for Pakistani quake victims Joan Allen reads books to disadvantaged children
CNN  -- Hundreds of inmates in Mississippi whose fight among themselves spiraled into a riot were back in their cells Monday afternoon , leaving authorities to mourn the death of one guard and express thanks that things did n't turn out worse . "  When we first ... learned of the situation , I had a high degree of anxiety because there were so many guards who were unaccounted for , " Adams County Sheriff Chuck Mayfield said , praising the efforts of law enforcement and those with the private company that runs the facility . "  I know it when I see it when something is handled correctly . " By Monday afternoon , all of the roughly 2,500 inmates at the Adams County Correctional Facility in Natchez were secure in their cells on lockdown , which Mayfield said will continue indefinitely as the investigation continues . Guard killed , several others injured in riot at Mississippi prison , officials say It was a far different scene about 24 hours before . Mayfield said that , about 2:40 p.m. Sunday , a fight broke out either among members of one gang or between members of rival factions in a prison yard and soon ballooned out of control . With a core group of about 300 inmates involved -- meaning most others were simply caught up in the chaos -- the disturbance quickly spread through the grounds . "  It turned into a mob mentality , and ... it just expanded so quickly , " the sheriff said . Sometime early in the riot , a guard was assaulted and ended up on the roof of a building , Mayfield said . That guard -- later identified as Catlin Carithers , 24 -- was brought out through the facility 's gates within an hour , only to be later pronounced dead due to blunt head force trauma , according to the county coroner . The disturbance continued for hours more around the western Mississippi facility , which houses illegal immigrants from around the region who are serving time after convictions for both violent and nonviolent crimes . The Tennessee-based Corrections Corporation of America operates the facility and employs all those within . At one point , inmates pulled out some mattresses , rags and other materials into a prison yard and started a fire . Others used an array of weapons , such as mop and broom handles , in their fight . Meanwhile , the facility 's employees at once tried to maintain order and take cover . Mayfield said earlier Monday that at least 24 or 25 hostages were being held at one point . County and state authorities were on site within an hour to maintain the perimeter and help the Corrections Corporation of America  CCA  bring the situation under control , according to Mayfield , who noted that FBI agents were also there . No gunshots were ever fired , and Mayfield praised the "  restraint " by law enforcement . Authorities did use "  pepper balls , " which the sheriff said are shot from something akin to a paintball gun . "  The whole thing was probably over by 11 or 11:30 p.m. Sunday , " at which point all the inmates had been forced out into a prison yard , Mayfield said . But it was n't until 3:30 a.m. Monday that every prisoner had been searched and brought back to his housing unit . In addition to Carithers , about 10 workers at the facility were injured , including one who suffered head trauma and was transported about 100 miles northwest to the University of Mississippi Medical Center in Jackson , according to the sheriff . CCA , meanwhile , has reported that 16 of its staffers at the prison were treated and released from the hospital . Four inmates had to be taken to area emergency rooms for treatment -- for injuries such as a stab wound , a concussion and rib injuries -- though Mayfield said he did n't think any of them needed to be admitted . CCA had said three inmates received such treatment . The sheriff stressed that the public was never in danger , as the riot was confined within the facility and there were no breaches of its perimeter . While he did n't know what exactly caused the riot , Mayfield did say that , "  from the outside looking in , I ca n't see anything that would have prevented it . " He lavished praise on the decisions made by Corrections Corporation of America and law enforcement , saying , "  I do n't think they could have handled it any better . " The sheriff added that the facility has "  not had anything of this magnitude at all " since opening in 2009 . "  This could have happened anywhere , anytime , " Mayfield said . Yet the American Civil Liberties Union said the riot was n't surprising because companies like the Corrections Corporation of America "  have incentives to cut corners even at the expense of decent and safe conditions " ; they employ "  too often poorly paid and trained " staff ; and they run facilities with conditions that "  are often woefully inadequate . " "  This weekend 's riot should make clear to Mississippi and every other state that for-profit incarceration must end , " the advocacy group said in a statement . "  We need to save taxpayer money by ending the nation 's addiction to incarceration , not give money to private companies whose profit depends on locking up as many people as possible . "	NEW : The ACLU blasts "  for-profit incarceration , " says the riot was n't surprising The riot began with a fight among prisoners , a sheriff says Guard died due to what the coroner thinks was blunt force trauma The sheriff praises law enforcement efforts and the private firm that runs the prison
CNN  Playing the lottery has always been something fun to do for retiree John Wines . So when the New Mexico native went to a gas station to purchase his weekly Powerball ticket , on one particular Saturday in December , he sprung for a scratch-off ticket , too . "  You only live once , right ? " he said . The winning numbers printed at the top of the scratch-off were two and one . Wiles said he was in shock when he scratched off five of them , his winnings totaling more than $ 500,000 . The amount confused him , he said , because the maximum prize on the ticket is $ 250,000 . Still , he said , he "  thought -LSB- he -RSB- won big ! " But when he took the ticket to the store where he bought it , the store clerk put the ticket in a scanner that said Wines was n't a winner after all . Wines called the New Mexico Lottery Commission , which confirmed the ticket was a misprint . Wines ' fun hobby had now become the cause of an emotional roller coaster . He reached out to the New Mexico Lottery Commission , hoping it might honor the ticket . But it only thanked him for calling to attention the misprint and offered him $ 100 in lottery bucks . Wiles said it felt like a "  brick to the head . " "  That 's a far cry from $ 500,000 , do n't you think ? " he said . Wiles said the money is important to him , but "  it 's the principle of the thing , " that bothers him most . "  I 'm an honest person , " he said , "  It 's just not right . "	New Mexico man thought he scratched off five winning numbers Lottery commission offers him $ 100 in lottery bucks
CNN  -- Gen. David Petraeus , head of the U.S. Central Command , met with Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh on Saturday in Yemen , according to a senior U.S. government source . During the meeting with Petraeus , Saleh expressed his appreciation for the United States ' help in combating extremists , the source said . Saleh also offered more support for U.S. counterterrorism strikes and said he would continue providing assistance for the U.S. investigation into the attempted bombing of a Northwest Airlines flight on December 25 . The official said that Petraeus carried several messages and "  various items " of information from Obama to Saleh . No further details were available . The two men discussed the latest intelligence on al Qaeda in Yemen , the official said , adding that the number of attendees was very small on both sides . Obama aide John Brennan briefed the president on Petraeus ' trip to Yemen , after Brennan spoke with the general , the senior U.S. government official and a senior administration official said . "  Gen. Petraeus was in Yemen today as part of our ongoing consultations with and efforts in support of Yemen , " the senior administration official said . "  We have made Yemen a priority over the course of this year , and this is the latest in that effort . " President Obama on Saturday linked the man accused in the botched attack to an al Qaeda affiliate based in Yemen . The group , called al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , apparently trained Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , the 23-year-old Nigerian national accused of trying to blow up Northwest Flight 253 en route from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Detroit , Michigan , Obama said Saturday . The group equipped AbdulMutallab with explosives and "  directed him to attack that plane headed for America , " Obama said in his weekly radio address . "  This is not the first time this group has targeted us , " Obama noted . "  They have bombed Yemeni government facilities and Western hotels , restaurants and embassies -- including our embassy in 2008 . "  I 've made it a priority to strengthen our partnership with the Yemeni government -- training and equipping their security forces , sharing intelligence and working with them to strike al Qaeda terrorists , " he said . Yemen is tightening security at its southern and western coasts in an attempt to thwart "  possible infiltration of militants " from a Somalia-based Young Mujahedeen Movement , the official SABA state news agency reported Saturday . The group , also known as Harakat Al Shabaab , announced on Friday its "  readiness to support their brothers in Yemen , " SABA reported . "  The group said its militants will cross the sea and fight on the side of the terrorists in Yemen against the enemy of Allah , " the news agency said . SABA reported that counterterrorism troops in Yemen have in recent weeks raided several al Qaeda hideouts and training sites , and have killed and arrested scores of terrorist suspects . It also said that weapons were seized in recent months "  with a number of African infiltrators who crossed the sea into Yemen . " "  Authorities also said that dozens of Africans , most of whom were Somalis , were arrested fighting the army in support of the Houthi insurgents in the far north , " SABA reported . American and Yemeni officials are now looking at fresh targets in Yemen for a potential retaliation strike , two senior U.S. officials told CNN Tuesday . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown called Friday for an international meeting later this month to discuss how to counter radicalization in Yemen . On Tuesday , Yemen 's parliament ratified the International Convention for the Suppression of Financing of Terrorism , the official SABA state news agency reported . The move aligned Yemen with the United States in expanding the fight against terrorism to sources of funding . Petraeus and John Brennan , Obama 's counterterrorism adviser , also visited Saleh in Yemen last summer to discuss the threat of terrorism . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Gen. David Petraeus and President Ali Abdullah Saleh discuss al Qaeda intelligence Saleh says Yemen will continue to assist in investigation into attempted airline bombing President Obama has linked man behind botched attack to Yemen-based al Qaeda affiliate Yemen reportedly tightens security after threats from group of Somali militants
Former basketball star Dennis Rodman has checked into an alcohol-rehabilitation center after facing backlash for his visit to North Korea . "  Dennis Rodman came back from North Korea in pretty rough shape emotionally . The pressure that was put on him to be a combination ` super human ' political figure and ` fixer ' got the better of him , " his agent , Darren Prince , said Sunday in a written statement . "  He is embarrassed , saddened and remorseful for the anger and hurt his words have caused . " Prince said Rodman is at a facility in New Jersey , one with a "  28 - or 30-day " program . He said Rodman drank heavily in North Korea during a recent tumultuous trip to the secretive state to play a basketball game with some former NBA stars against national team players from the regime . "  His drinking escalated to a level that none of us had seen before , " Prince said Saturday . Rodman teammate Charles Smith : North Korea did n't pay us Rodman entered a center on Wednesday , a source close to him told CNN . Rodman -- the colorful basketball Hall of Famer who won five NBA titles while the Detroit Pistons and Chicago Bulls -- said alcohol was one reason he shot from the lip earlier this month and told CNN that an American imprisoned in North Korea since 2012 may have done something to deserve his sentence of 15 years ' hard labor . After Kenneth Bae 's family complained , Rodman apologized , saying he was under stress and had been drinking when he was interviewed on CNN 's "  New Day . " Some commentators have said Rodman 's "  basketball diplomacy " may have positive effects in North Korea by offering the people there a different view of the West , compared with its demonic portrayal in the country 's tightly controlled state media . But others , including human rights activists , say it 's an embarrassing media sideshow that distracts attention from the North Korean regime 's brutality . A State Department official said Rodman 's visit was "  marginally unhelpful " and Sen. John McCain said of the retired athlete , "  I think he 's an idiot . " Rodman , 52 , led a team of former NBA players in a game in North Korea , which he called a birthday present to dictator Kim Jong Un , and , in a bizarre moment , sang "  Happy Birthday " inside a packed sports stadium . Upon leaving North Korea , Rodman was immediately criticized for his friendship with Kim . A mass of reporters met him at the Bejing airport and Rodman broke into tears while answering questions . "  I 'm not the president , " he told the reporters . "  I 'm not an ambassador . I 'm Dennis Rodman . " Rodman also said , "  I 'm sorry for what 's going on in North Korea , the certain situations , " but he did n't apologize for his visit . Prince said Rodman was n't paid by Pyongyang to bring his basketball team to North Korea . "  Dennis is proud to be an American citizen and his trips to North Korea have been paid by sponsors , " Prince said Sunday . Rodman visited during a time of high tension between the two nations . North Korea has pursued a nuclear program , much to the United States ' distress . Rodman visited North Korea in February 2013 with three members of the Harlem Globetrotters basketball team . Kim was known to be an avid basketball fan while attending school as a teenager in Switzerland .	Dennis Rodman , 52 , enters New Jersey rehab center , agent says Darren Prince says the former NBA star is remorseful and embarrassed The five-time NBA champion partly blamed alcohol for much-criticized comments Rodman said dictator Kim Jong Un was a friend
He might be one of Egypt 's most recognizable faces but in Cairo 's Tahrir Square last January , when it became the focal point for anti-regime sentiment , actor Khaled Abol Naga was proud to be just one of the crowd . The award-winning film star and activist , described by many fans as the "  Egyptian Brad Pitt , " was among the disgruntled Egyptians who filled the square last year when the daily gatherings of thousands of protesters ultimately led to the removal of longtime President Hosni Mubarak . "  I 've never been more proud in my life than being one -- not even a leader or a recognized face -- being one of millions who walked and protested in the 18 days , " remembers Naga . "  Next to me a CEO from a bank , on the other side a porter who does n't know even how to read , men , women , Copts , Muslims , educated , uneducated , old , young , " he adds . Naga says that this sense of equality gave Egyptians the bonding and unity they had longed for . "  There was a sense of a new spirit that came to Egyptians and they felt we are all equal and we are all fighting for the same rights . And there 's something so good about that , that Egyptians felt so proud of , " says Naga . Tunisian star says artists finally free after uprising Passionate about his country and his people , Naga says Egyptians are very proud of their African roots and adds that there are many lessons that African countries can learn from the Egypt revolution . He says : "  The power of the people is always stronger than the people in power . In Africa it 's time that the people now are realizing that all those dictatorships , all these iron-fist governments , are not helping anybody ; definitely not the people of these countries but definitely not the continent as a whole . "  We are very rich -- this is one of the richest resources areas in the world , and very underdeveloped . So it 's about time that people really start having the power and to really change this situation and make use for the benefit of its own people . "  So I think it 's enough isolation and it 's time to unite . " One of Egypt 's most popular stars , Naga has carved out a distinctive acting career , winning several awards , including Best Actor for "  Leabet El Hob " at the 2006 Alexandria International Film Festival . More recently , he co-produced and starred in the critically acclaimed "  Microphone , " a movie examining Egypt 's underground art and music scenes . ` Egypt 's elections ca n't be trusted ' The film , which has picked up numerous awards this year , is the latest vehicle for Naga , who has a long history of putting the spotlight on key issues affecting youth in his country and beyond . Since 2007 , Naga has been a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador , championing causes as such as HIV awareness , and highlighting issues such as female genital mutilation and the treatment of street children . "  My interest was always to stand by the youth , youth empowerment , " he says . "  It 's an untapped treasure , the youth of Africa , not only the Arab world , because there is a lot of young people there . We need to empower them , protect them , educate them , so that we really have the real development going on . "  If I talk about any issue I end up finding that the solution would be in the hands of the young people . So , also , you 're talking to the future -- when you are talking to the youth you are talking to the future . And that 's why I always wanted to , I found myself doing these projects , awareness projects , with young people . " It is this sense of wanting to be involved that has defined Naga 's desire to make a difference . Not afraid of voicing his ideas and opinions , he regularly uses his blog to comment on social issues and politics . He says the process helps him become better at his craft . "  If I 'm honest enough and expressing my opinions about things socially , politically , I feel better about myself and I feel that I can actually be a better artist , " says Naga .	Khaled Abol Naga is one of Egypt 's most prominent film stars He supported the anti-regime demonstrations taking place in Cairo 's Tahrir Square last year ` The power of the people is always stronger than the people in power , ' says Naga The actor turned activist has been championing causes such as HIV awareness
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Senate approved a measure on Thursday aimed at ending budget-related air traffic controller furloughs that have been blamed for widespread flight delays this week . A bipartisan agreement giving Transportation Department budget planners new flexibility for dealing with forced spending cuts cleared the chamber unanimously . "  It will be good news for America 's traveling public if Congress spares them these unnecessary delays , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said . "  But ultimately , this is no more than a temporary Band-Aid that fails to address the overarching threat to our economy posed by the sequester 's mindless across the board cuts . " The House was expected to take up the proposal on Friday . The plan also would allow authorities to protect 149 control towers at small and medium-sized airports that are slated for closure for budgetary reasons . Controller furloughs and the planned closure of towers that are privately run but overseen by federal aviation regulators have become political flash points in the partisan-fueled debate over spending in Washington . They have been highlighted by many to illustrate a clear nationwide consequence of the $ 85 billion in government-wide cuts that took effect in March and may otherwise not be apparent to the public . Vocal and politically powerful aviation interests have argued that the budget cuts affecting their industry would hurt business , travelers and cost jobs . More than 600 million people fly U.S. airlines each year , figures show . Furloughs affecting some 15,000 Federal Aviation Administration air traffic controllers began this week with the agency saying it had no flexibility to avert them without action by Congress . Under the sweeping austerity triggered by congressional inaction on deficit reduction , the FAA was required to cut $ 600 million from its budget . The proposal approved by the Senate would allow the Transportation Department to adjust funding to "  prevent reduced operations and staffing " for the remainder of the current federal budget year , which expires on September 30 . More than 863 flight delays were attributable to furlough-related staffing shortages on Wednesday at air traffic facilities in Chicago , New York , Washington , Cleveland , Jacksonville , Los Angeles , Detroit and Dallas , the FAA said . By comparison , there were more than 2,100 delays due to weather and other factors , the agency said . Controllers are spacing planes farther apart at key centers so they can manage traffic with current staffing , the FAA said . The deal designed to loosen the grip of spending cuts on aviation moved quickly through the Senate . "  Something rare has happened in Washington ; the Senate came together on a bipartisan basis to put common sense before politics , " said Republican Sen. Jerry Moran of Kansas . Maine Republican Sen. Susan Collins said she worried that continued FAA furloughs could jeopardize jobs throughout the travel and hospitality industry . Earlier this spring , Congress approved a stop-gap budget law that would , among other things , ease budget cuts for the departments of Agriculture , Commerce , Defense , Homeland Security , Justice , and Veterans Affairs . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Dana Bash and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report	NEW : White House calls solution a "  Band-Aid " Furloughs impacted 15,000 flight controllers due to forced , government-wide spending cuts Controller staffing shortages began this week , impacting airline flights Bipartisan Senate plan would give transportation planners new budget flexibility
CNN  -- The Mexican military has arrested four more people connected to the killings of 15 people at a January house party in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , bringing the total to seven suspects arrested and one killed , according to documents from the Mexican attorney general 's office obtained by CNN . Last Sunday the Mexican military , in connection with federal police , arrested Heriberto Martinez , a self-proclaimed member of the Aztecas , a Juarez street gang that acts as the Juarez cartel 's enforcers in the city . State prosecutors say Martinez committed at least four killings and acted as a lookout during the house party massacre in Villas de Salvarcar , a southern suburb of Juarez , in the early morning hours of January 31 . The house party slayings of 15 people , most of whom were students with no ties to organized crime , has sparked outrage across the country . The slayings are thought by officials to be the result of bad intelligence by the cartel and by the gang that carried out the killings . Another one of the four arrested recently was Luis Alberto Camacho Ramos , alias "  El Shoker " or "  El Flaco , " who according to documents obtained by CNN confessed to participating in the house party killings . Ramos , along with admitted drug cartel member Jesus Bustos Renteria , was arrested in the beginning of March , according to the documents . The documents obtained Saturday , forwarded exclusively to CNN by someone close to the investigation , show that at least one of the four men recently arrested -- Alfredo Arias , alias "  Arnold " -- was signaled out during testimony by Aldo Favio Hernandez Lozano , alias "  El 18 . " Lozano was a municipal police officer arrested last month who state prosecutors say was a hit man in the January killings . During testimony , Lozano said it was Arias who originally called him to order the house party hit . Arias also supplied the weapons for the killings , Lozano said during testimony . Arias had been sought in connection with a different killing . Six people , including 26-year-old U.S. Air Force Airman David Booher , died in a November 2009 shooting carried out at a strip club in Juarez , according to Juarez Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz . In a press release last week by the Chihuahua State Attorney General 's Office , Arias was identified as the gunman in the strip-club shooting through surveillance video taken at the club . Still photos included in the documents obtained by CNN show a man who resembles Arias , wearing a hat and hooded sweatshirt , removing a gun from his waist band and opening fire shortly after entering the club . Arias was caught on March 16 , while driving his son in the colony of Plutarco Elias Calles . In his possession , according to officials , were dozens of rounds of ammunition and at least 3 guns , including an assault rifle commonly known in Mexico as "  un cuerno de chivo " or "  goat 's horn " because of the gun 's banana shaped clip . It is the weapon of choice for drug cartel members in Juarez . According to the press release , Arias was also the apparent leader of the drug cell "  Los Linces , " and it was that cell that ordered the killing on January 31 in southern Juarez . Another man identified as the mastermind behind the killings -- Adrian Ramirez Armendariz , alias "  El Rama " -- was killed by the Mexican military days after the house party killings . Arias "  was at one time in U.S. custody , but was later deported to Juarez , " Reyes said . "  It really underscores the fact that many of the criminals we have in Juarez were illegal aliens in the U.S. that have been deported from the U.S. into Juarez . " Reyes said in recent years as many as 100,000 Mexican nationals living illegally in the United States have been deported to Juarez , just across the border from El Paso , Texas . "  We did a study of the killings during an isolated period recently and cross-referenced to the date we have of deportation . We found that 10 percent of those killed in previous months from the time we made this study actually had been deported within the last two years from the U.S. to Juarez . " CNN could not immediately authenticate whether or not Arias was at one time in U.S. custody . On Sunday , Reyes told CNN he was looking forward to meeting with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton when she visits Mexico this week . Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano also is scheduled to visit Mexico this week . The announcement of the arrests comes on the same weekend a funeral was held in El Paso for two of the three people associated with the U.S. consulate in Juarez who were killed last week after they left a social gathering . Reyes said last week that authorities believe those slayings were carried out by the Barrio Azteca drug gang . No motive has been revealed , and no arrests have been made . About 200 U.S. federal , state and local authorities interviewed more than 100 Barrio Azteca members and associates in El Paso and southern New Mexico on Thursday , the U.S. Justice Department said .	Heriberto Martinez , member of a Juarez street gang , was arrested last Sunday Others arrested were Luis Alberto Camacho Ramos , Jesus Bustos Renteria , Alfredo Arias Juarez mayor said many of city 's criminals had been deported from the United States
Walnut Creek , California  CNN  -- On a beautiful morning in my hometown of Walnut Creek , California , I sat watching my daughter playing in the park . There she was , along with many other kids , swinging , sliding , and running with the kind of pure joy you see only in children . Behind us lay a green soccer field , filled with two teams of kids competing for nothing but bragging rights and team spirit . Their parents along the sidelines were enjoying the action . My daughter is just 2 years old , but I looked forward to the day I would be one of those parents , cheering her on to victory . If it were 60 years ago , many children on this playground and soccer field might have been crippled or died from childhood diseases for which we now have vaccines . Children growing up in that era were at risk for infections like polio , measles , whooping cough , meningitis , and many other diseases that infect , maim and kill without prejudice or warning . All of this changed when some dedicated , hardworking doctors and scientists discovered a way to protect children from these scourges : vaccines . Like a suit of armor , vaccines shielded children against these infections . Even better , as more children got vaccinated , that protection extended to kids who could n't be vaccinated , like those who were too young to get shots . In the time before vaccines , there were years where measles infected , maimed or killed half a million people ; polio paralyzed nearly 16,000 ; whooping cough infected nearly 150,000 people . The victims of these illnesses were mostly children like mine , yours , and those at the park . But as children everywhere got vaccinated , communities banished these diseases into medical history . By 2001 , there was a 99.99 percent reduction in measles compared with the pre-vaccine era ; the reductions in whooping cough and meningitis were 96 percent and 99 percent , respectively . No child gets polio anymore . It 's easy to give the credit for that success to doctors and vaccine makers , but it 's really parents and communities who deserve praise . They did the hard work of making sure their children and their neighbors ' children got vaccinated . For all that success , however , the reputation of vaccines got a black eye about a decade ago , when a doctor in England called a news conference and dramatically announced that the measles-mumps-rubella vaccine caused autism . The shock of that discovery sent ripples of fear through parents and communities in Britain . Like a contagion , that fear soon spread to America . Many parents began refusing to get their kids shots because of a growing anti-vaccination movement . That movement , though small , is well-funded , vocal -- even violent at times -- and supported by some prominent people : politicians , doctors , celebrities and media leaders . These folks took a claim against one vaccine and , by twisting rumors and innuendo into "  evidence , " advanced a conspiracy theory that all childhood vaccines caused autism . What nobody knew was that the British doctor who claimed vaccines caused autism , Andrew Wakefield , had his own secrets . Among them , that he had performed some very risky , invasive experiments on children without approval from the hospital he worked at ; that he had accepted nearly a million dollars from legal firms suing vaccine manufacturers ; and that he had applied for a patent for a replacement vaccine to the one he claimed caused autism , which would have made him a very rich man . More important was the fact that anybody who tried to reproduce Wakefield 's research could n't get the same results . Further , study after study on the MMR and other vaccines showed no link between any of them and autism . But by the time the truth about Wakefield came out in 2004 , it was too late . The notion that vaccines cause autism became conventional wisdom in many places . As a result , in pockets of our country , vaccination rates have dropped precipitously . And , to nobody 's surprise , that choice has resurrected long-gone diseases . In 2008 , a San Diego , California , child , whose parents had refused to vaccinate him , returned from vacation with measles , exposing children too young to be vaccinated to the disease . Any child who had been exposed had to be quarantined for several weeks at home . No school . No park . No sports . In early 2009 , a child in rural Minnesota died from meningitis caused by the bacteria Haemophilus influenzae . His parents had refused to vaccinate him against the disease . Four other children were hospitalized with the exact same disease . Two of those were also children of parents who had refused vaccines . The fourth was a 5-month-old baby who was just too young to have been completely immunized . The fifth was a child who has an immune deficiency . This year , in my home state of California , more than 900 cases of whooping cough have been recorded so far , up from around 200 last year . Five children have died . Three months ago , the Lancet , the journal which first published Andrew Wakefield 's work , formally retracted his original research paper , expunging its existence from the canon of medical research . Shortly afterward , he was banned from practicing medicine in the United Kingdom . Doctors and scientists may be satisfied with that outcome , but what happens next is n't up to us . Rather , and just like 60 years ago , it 's up to you . You 're going to have to decide whether to vaccinate your children . And if you decide , as I hope you do , to protect your children against these deadly diseases , then you 'll be choosing health . You 'll be choosing health for your child and family . You 'll be choosing health for your community , because every child who 's vaccinated helps to create an ecosystem of protection for those too young to get shots . You 'll be choosing to keep your kids out of my doctor 's office and keep them on that playground , in school , on that soccer field , which is right where they belong . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rahul Parikh .	Rahul Parikh : Before vaccines , polio , measles , whooping cough , meningitis afflicted children Parikh : Diseases virtually wiped out , but an anti-vaccine trend threatens to bring them back Doctor who linked vaccine with autism has been discredited , barred from practice , he writes As whooping cough cases mount in California , he says , it 's clear kids need shots
CNN  Utah 's governor signed a bill Monday that brings back firing squads as a potential way to execute some death row prisoners . Lethal injection remains the primary method for carrying out executions in the state , Gov. Gary R. Herbert said in a statement . A firing squad would only be used in the event the necessary drugs can not be obtained . "  Those who voiced opposition to this bill are primarily arguing against capital punishment in general and that decision has already been made in our state , " said Marty Carpenter , a spokesman for Herbert . "  We regret anyone ever commits the heinous crime of aggravated murder to merit the death penalty and we prefer to use our primary method of lethal injection when such a sentence is issued . However , when a jury makes the decision and a judge signs a death warrant , enforcing that lawful decision is the obligation of the executive branch , " he said . Utah banned death by firing squad in 2004 , though inmates who chose that option before the law changed still ended up being shot to death . The last execution by firing squad was in 2010 , and it was also the most recent execution in Utah . A Utah firing squad also executed Gary Gilmore in 1977 , the first death by capital punishment after the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty the prior year . CNN 's Tony Marco contributed to this report .	Firing squads will be allowed in Utah if drugs for lethal injection ca n't be obtained Lethan injection remains the primary method for executions in the state
A compromise federal budget plan that would remove the threat of a government shutdown for two years won easy approval Thursday from the Republican-controlled U.S. House . The deal worked out by House Budget Chairman Rep. Paul Ryan and Senate Budget Committee Chairwoman Patty Murray passed on a 332-94 vote and now goes to the Democratic-led Senate , which is expected to approve it next week in a very close vote . It represented rare convergence between the two parties on government spending after two years of bitter debate and political brinksmanship that included the 16-day shutdown in October . A White House statement said the measure does not include everything President Barack Obama called for , but "  it marks an important moment of bipartisan cooperation and shows Washington can and should stop governing by crisis and both sides can work together to get things done . " Public anger over the Washington dysfunction , especially with conservative Republicans who triggered the shutdown by trying to link federal spending to their efforts to dismantle Obamacare , motivated GOP leaders to shrug off far right opposition to the budget compromise . A small step House Speaker John Boehner acknowledged the measure amounted to only a small step toward the GOP goal of deficit reduction and balancing the budget , but he rejected opposition by some conservatives in his caucus as well as outside groups on the political right . "  Is it perfect ? Does it go far enough ? No , not at all , " Boehner said in urging his colleagues to back the plan , noting it resulted from "  doing what the American people expect us to do -- coming together and finding common ground . " Ryan noted that Washington politicians have "  been at each other 's throats for a long time " over budget issues , and Republicans must first win some elections in order to get all the deficit reduction and spending cuts they want . Democrats also hailed the budget proposal as a "  small positive step forward , " in the words of Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland . He and other Democrats called for Congress to also extend long-term unemployment benefits for more than 1 million Americans set to expire after Christmas , but their support for the budget plan showed they dropped any demand to link the issues in Thursday 's vote . In the House vote , 169 Republicans voted for the spending plan while 62 opposed it , with 163 Democrats in favor and 32 against . While most Republicans supported the plan , Boehner needed help from Democrats to get the 217-vote threshold needed for passage . Top GOP Senate aides said they expect the budget to pass the Senate but it could be by a razor thin margin . This could also change if momentum against the bill grows . GOP conservatives including Ted Cruz of Texas , Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , said they will oppose the measure , which would need some Republican support for Democrats to overcome an expected filibuster . "  The new budget deal moves in the wrong direction : it spends more , taxes more , and allows continued funding for Obamacare , " Cruz said . "  I can not support it . " Graham and Ayotte said they opposed cuts to pension benefits for some military veterans under the spending plan . Escalated criticism Boehner earlier escalated his criticism of such opposition from conservative colleagues and outside groups in a rare public display of a longstanding rift between the GOP tea party wing and less extreme establishment Republicans . To Boehner , groups such as Americans for Prosperity lost credibility by rejecting the plan before it was announced , he told reporters . He also blamed the influential outside groups for pushing GOP legislators into the politically disastrous government shutdown in October . "  The day before the government re-opened , one of these groups stood up and said ` well , we never really thought it would work , ' " he told reporters before animatedly asking : "  Are you kidding me ? " The agreement reached by Ryan of Wisconsin and Murray of Washington would extend government spending into 2015 to remove the threat of another shutdown before next year 's congressional elections . It sets government spending at $ 1.012 trillion for the current fiscal year that runs through September , and $ 1.014 trillion . Overall , it proposes to save $ 85 billion and would reduce the deficit by more than $ 20 billion . Conservative complaints Some conservatives complain the total is more than the level called for in the Budget Control Act that followed brinksmanship negotiations two years ago over raising the federal borrowing limit . That 2011 deal imposed unpopular forced spending cuts known as sequestration on the military and other government programs . The new compromise would eliminate $ 45 billion from the next round of the sequester cuts that are set to hit in January , as well as another $ 18 billion scheduled for 2015 . Boehner noted it achieves more deficit reduction than the Budget Control Act , asserting it adhered to conservative principles of shrinking government and federal debt . "  I 'm as conservative as anybody around this place , " he said in defending his attacks on the outside groups , adding that "  all the things we 've done in the three years I 've been Speaker have not violated any conservative principles , not once . " Asked why he spoke out now against the outside groups , Boehner said they crossed a line , adding that "  when you criticize something and you have no idea what you 're criticizing , it undermines your credibility . " White House support The White House supports the compromise , but factions on both sides still pushed for change as the issue moved closer to decisive votes . Liberal Democrats insist the budget plan should extend long-term unemployment benefits set to expire at the end of the year . However , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has said the issue would be considered separately in 2014 . White House spokesman Jay Carney said Congress should take up the unemployment insurance extension but did not insist that it be part of the budget package . "  We want them both and we think Congress ought to pass them both , " Carney said . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel praised the agreement Thursday , saying provided certainty for military planning after the harmful sequester cuts and constant showdowns over spending . "  This agreement does not solve all  Department of Defense  budget problems but it helps address readiness especially in 2014 with putting more money back in training , in particular , and procurement , " Hagel said . However , right-wing groups escalated their criticism of the plan . "  Time and again , Congress has claimed that cost-saving measures were permanent , only to later renege on these promises , " said Jenny Beth Martin , national coordinator of Tea Party Patriots . She took particular aim at Republican leaders such as Boehner , saying the deal "  also exposes the true colors of several in the GOP establishment when it comes to protecting conservative principles . " Diminishing influence ? Boehner 's comments to reporters were aimed at some of the same organizations that have effectively pressured House Republicans to resist compromising on budget issues in the past two years . They include Americans for Prosperity , Club for Growth , Freedom Works , Heritage Action and the Koch brothers , GOP campaign financiers . He made similar comments questioning the motives of some of the groups at a closed-door meeting this week with House Republicans . The Speaker told members that "  no one controls your voting card but you , " according to a GOP source in the meeting . Strong GOP backing for the budget compromise showed that conservatives and the outside groups that back them have diminished influence . Rep. John Fleming , a conservative from Louisiana , said outside groups wo n't be able to sway as many conservatives because legislators like the idea of returning Congress to what 's known as regular order -- deliberating and passing bills the way they 're supposed to be done , instead of backroom deals reached amid crises . However , GOP Rep Raul Labrador of Idaho , a critic of the budget plan , wondered what had changed among fellow Republicans who now rejected the thinking of the outside conservative groups . Keeping score The conservative groups keep scorecards on the voting records of legislators and back candidates who follow their policy stances with key campaign contributions . Such support can carry enhanced influence with congressional elections coming up next year . Dan Holler , a spokesman for Heritage Action , did n't back down from his criticism of the budget deal . "  Over the next few days , lawmakers will have to explain to their constituents , many of whom are our members , what they 've achieved by increasing spending , increasing taxes and offering up another round of promises waiting to be broken . That will be a really tough sell back home , " Holler said in a statement to CNN . Fresh partisan warfare in the Senate Dems want jobless benefits	The House approves a compromise budget plan on a 332-94 vote House Speaker Boehner criticizes conservative groups that oppose the deal Bill expected to pass the Senate , but margin could be razor thin The proposal would cut the deficit and ease some sequester cuts
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Separate blasts rocked three schools in Pakistan 's troubled northwest early Friday morning , authorities said . One of the explosions at a school on the outskirts of Peshawar destroyed a wall , said Sahibzada Anis , Peshawar 's administrative chief . No injuries were reported . Two other bombs were set up outside a school in the Khyber Agency of Pakistan 's semiautonomous tribal areas , according to Azam Jan , a senior local administration official . One blew up and damaged a wall while the other was defused by local officials . A third school was hit in the same area , and the attack destroyed the wall of the compound but not the buildings , Jan said . Peshawar , the capital of the Northwest Frontier Province , is at the core of Pakistan 's war on terror . The military has launched multiple offensives targeting homegrown militants , sparking a retaliation . Since October , the city has been the target of a series of attacks launched by militants to revenge a major Army offensive to root out the Taliban . A truck bomb in a popular market killed over 100 people in October and government and security forces have suffered regular attacks . Journalist Umar Aziz Khan contributed to this report .	Three schools in Pakistan 's troubled northwest targeted by bomb blasts One bomb planted at school on outskirts of Peshawar Blasts caused damage to walls but no injuries are reported
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Hurricane Bill weakened Friday afternoon to a Category 2 hurricane , with its maximum sustained winds at 105 mph , forecasters said . Hurricane Bill is expected to pass between Bermuda and the U.S. East Coast over the weekend . As of 11 p.m. Friday , Bill 's center was about 180 miles west-southwest of Bermuda , and about 545 miles east-southeast of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina . Its forward speed had increased to about 20 mph as it continued moving north-northwest , forecasters said . The storm was expected to gradually turn toward the north late Friday and into Saturday . See Bill 's projected path " If the storm follows its current track , it should pass over the open water between Bermuda and the U.S. East Coast on Saturday , forecasters said . Earlier Friday , Bill 's outer bands began producing rain in Bermuda as the storm neared the British territory , the hurricane center said . Forecasters expect Bill to pelt Bermuda with 1 to 3 inches of rain , although up to 5 inches is possible . iReport.com : Bermuda 's preparations The storm also was beginning to affect the U.S. East Coast , where dangerous rip currents and battering waves were developing , said CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras . Rip currents form as wind and waves push water against the shore , where it is caught behind an obstacle such as a sandbar until it breaks free , sending a strong channel of water flowing away from the shoreline . The large swells are expected to affect most of the U.S. East Coast within the next couple of days , the hurricane center said . There were reports of waves at the center of the storm as high as 54 feet , Jeras said . With Bill advancing , the Bermuda Weather Service forecasts the storm tide will raise water levels by as much as 3 feet along the coast and produce large , battering waves . Large swells were affecting Puerto Rico , the island of Hispaniola and the Bahamas to the south , the agency said . Bermuda remained under a tropical storm warning and a hurricane watch . The warning means winds of at least 39 mph are expected within 24 hours , while the watch indicates winds of at least 74 mph are possible within 36 hours . Hurricane-force winds extended outward up to 85 miles from the center and storm-force winds outward as much as 275 miles , the hurricane center said . Forecasters advised people along the New England coast and in the Canadian Maritime provinces to monitor Bill 's progress .	Hurricane Bill downgraded to Category 2 storm Hurricane expected to pelt Bermuda with 1 to 3 inches of rain Battering waves developing on parts of U.S. East Coast Bill is expected to pass between Bermuda and East Coast
CNN  Fans of a heroic dog who fought in vain to save her owner 's life in an Ohio house fire have donated more than $ 28,000 toward the $ 25,000 goal for the care of the 9-year-old boxer named Carmen . The injured dog , owned by Ben Ledford of Goshen Township , is doing much better in an animal hospital recovering from smoke inhalation , said Phil Ledford , the victim 's brother , on the Crowdrise website . "  Our family continues to be amazed at the amount of donations , support , thoughts and prayers being said for our family and Carmen . We are still trying to find the right words to truly express our appreciation , " Ledford said in a Wednesday note . "  Carmen is still doing well , " said Ledford . The canine is now in physical therapy . "  She 's working on being able to stand up on her own again , among other things . Because she 's fully awake and alert , our visits are short . We want her to save her energy for PT . "  It 's exciting to see her recognize us , try to greet us and give us expressions that show her personality shining through once again , " he said . On Thursday , Carmen was "  a little more awake " and her "  appetite continues to improve as you can see she is cleaning her bowl . " Many dog lovers posted messages with their donations . "  We have a boxer baby , and this act of devotion is not surprising , " Don and Lukasz Mallory wrote Friday on the crowdfunding site . "  Prayers to the family for their loss and to Carmen for a fast recovery . If a dog can be this devoted to a human being , how much more should we be to each other . " Carmen dramatically tried to save her owner 's life in the February 5 fire . Deadly flames licked all around her , but Carmen refused to leave her owner in a suburban Cincinnati basement . First responders to the fire found Carmen on top of Ledford , trying to shelter his face from the heat , smoke and flame , according to CNN affiliate WCPO . Ledford , 33 , was taken to a hospital where he died . Carmen ended up at Cincinnati 's Care Center , a critical care veterinary hospital . Carmen was initially battling severe lung damage , Dr. Daniel Carey , a vet at the hospital , told WCPO . The canine was taken off a ventilator on Tuesday and began breathing on her own , according to the Facebook page of the animal hospital Care Center Vets in Cincinnati . She was to come off fluids and IV medications Friday . Dr. Marlo Anderson , another vet at the hospital who is caring for the dog , told WCPO she was not at all surprised that Carmen tried to save her owner . "  A lot of dogs instinctively know when there 's a crisis going on and so a lot of them do go to try to protect their owners , so she very well may have been trying to protect him , " she said . CNN 's Doug Criss contributed to this report .	More than $ 28,000 is donated for Carmen , a 9-year-old boxer Dog unsuccessfully tried to save her owner in a Ohio house fire "  Our family continues to be amazed at the amount of donations , " victim 's brother says
CHILLICOTHE , Ohio  CNN  -- Sens. Barack Obama and John McCain are well aware of what 's at stake in Ohio . Mike Milburn , left , and Dan DeGarmo are skeptical about what both candidates bring to the table . No Republican has ever won the White House without winning Ohio , a state that has received more visits from the candidates and their running mates this year than any other . Inside the bellwether state is the bellwether town of Chillicothe , a town that often mirrors the state 's election results . Voters there are divided . With less than a month to go until the election , it 's concerns about the financial markets and the economy that dominate the airwaves at the town 's radio station . "  The only other people that 've experienced something like what we 're experiencing now are our grandparents or our great-grandparents , " host Dan Ramey said on his radio show on WBEX-AM . At Carl 's Townhouse , the outlook among the breakfast crowd was gloomy . "  I think that the money they just passed in Congress is just postponing what 's going to happen in the future , which I think is going to be another Depression , " said resident Mike Milburn . Milburn said he lives paycheck to paycheck to support his four kids . For Dan DeGarmo , it 's the same -- his fourth child is due soon . "  I do n't see how either of those candidates offer any solid solutions that give Americans comfort , " he said . Watch more on Ohio 's bellwether town " Both men are registered Republicans . Milburn said he might not vote at all , while DeGarmo said he plans to vote for McCain . Jeff Ragland , a cement worker , said he 's voting for Obama . "  I feel like he 's more for the people that are people like me , " he said . People like Theresa Hall , an undecided Independent , are the targets of both candidates as they enter into the final weeks of campaigning . "  It seems like when you watch them , they 're pretty much just at each other . He says this , he says that , " Hall said . Along Chillicothe 's Main Street , buildings in need of repair provide reminders that this once booming industrial town has seen better days . Obama 's troops are trying to make inroads among the population of 22,000 that went for George Bush in the past two elections , and team McCain is working to keep the county red . Right now , people say the town is divided -- and so are the predictions . "  This community seems to just be enough Republican to help -LSB- McCain -RSB- out , " WBEX 's Ramey said , adding that his gut feeling is that will be the case this year . DeGarmo , however , disagreed . "  Honestly , I think Obama is going to win , " he said . Weighing sentiments like those is one way to get a pulse on how this town might vote in November . But in one indication of the town 's importance , McCain has already visited , and Obama is scheduled to stop by on Friday .	Chillicothe , population 22,000 , is considered a bellwether town in Ohio Voters at local restaurant are skeptical about the upcoming election The town voted for George Bush in the past two elections John McCain has visited Chillicothe ; Barack Obama is scheduled to visit Friday
CNN  -- Controversial Dutch lawmaker Geert Wilders appeared in court Wednesday on charges of inciting discrimination and hatred that relate in part to his much-criticized film about Islam . Wednesday 's session at the Court of Amsterdam was a pre-trial hearing and a full trial was due to begin later this year . A court spokesman said the hearing was expected to last one day but could stretch into Thursday . Wilders , who heads the Dutch Party for Freedom , said he has done nothing wrong . "  I will fight , " he promised in a statement Tuesday on the party 's Web site . Prosecutors initially decided not to pursue the case , saying in June 2008 that Wilders ' statements were not liable to punishment , the Public Prosecutions Service said . They said that even though Wilders ' comments were "  defamatory and hurtful to a great number of Muslims , " they fell within the limits of free speech . The Court of Appeals disagreed with that decision and ordered that Wilders be prosecuted . In addition to inciting discrimination and hatred , Wilders is also charged with offending a group of people , which relates to his comparison of Islam to Nazism . "  According to Wilders , the truth about Islam must be made known , even if it is painful and unpleasant for certain people , " his statement on his party 's site said . The charges relate to comments Wilders made in a variety of media between 2006 and 2008 . They include an October 2006 interview with the Dutch newspaper De Volkskrant in which he said he wanted to stop the "  tsunami of Islamisation , " and another in September 2007 with Radio Netherlands in which he said the Quran should be banned . Wilders ' film "  Fitna , " which he released online in March 2008 to international outcry , is also part of the charges against him . The film features disturbing images of terrorist acts superimposed over verses from the Quran in order to paint Islam as a threat to Western society . After its release , the movie drew complaints from the European Union and the Organization of the Islamic Conference , as well as concern from the United States . Wilders was denied entry into Britain in February 2009 when he flew there to screen the film . Wednesday 's pre-trial review does not cover the merits of the case , but will allow both sides to prepare for a hearing later in the year which will deal with the merits , the Public Prosecutions Service said . If found guilty , Wilders faces up to two years in prison and a fine of up to $ 19,000  $ 26,900  for each charge .	Wilders ' full trial expected to begin later this year Wilders heads the Dutch Party for Freedom . He denies doing anything wrong His film "  Fitna " was released online in March 2008 to international outcry
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Superhero creator Stan Lee finally gets a star on Hollywood 's Walk of Fame on Tuesday , a week after his 88th birthday . Lee jokingly asked why he had to wait 50 years after the first star was awarded and 70 years after his comic book career began . "  I 'll talk to somebody about that , " Lee told CNN . Lee 's characters include Spider-Man , The Incredible Hulk , X-Men , The Fantastic Four , Iron Man , Daredevil , The Avengers , Silver Surfer and Dr. Strange . "  I 'm pretty proud of the fact that some of the stories I wrote so many years ago are still being read and hopefully enjoyed by the public and people are making motion pictures based on them , and television series and even a Broadway show , " Lee said . Lee pays attention to everything , he said , including last month 's accident that injured an actor in the Spider-Man Broadway show . "  Not a sparrow falls but that I notice , " he said . His favorite creation is Spider-Man "  because he 's the most popular and he 's known and loved worldwide , " he said . "  But I really loved them all and whichever one I was writing at the moment , that was my favorite . " As for his characters , he said he "  just dreamed them up , " and they do n't have roots in his childhood . "  As a child , I did n't really know anybody who shot webs or crawled on buildings or wore suits of armor and flew or anything like that , " he said . "  I just imagined , and there they were . " The long life and broad success of his comic book characters were unexpected , he said . "  We just hoped that the books would sell and we would continue to get our salary and be able to pay our rent . " How much longer they live depends on how producers and writers treat them in the future , he said . "  If people take the care with them that they have taken up to now , there 's no reason why these things could n't last as long as any legendary fictional characters , " Lee said . The movies based on Lee 's comic books "  have done so much for the characters " by giving them glamour and prestige , he said . "  When they were in comic books , they were still read all over the world and pretty well-known all over the world , but they did n't have , you might say , the respect that they have now because of movies , " he said . Lee spends time these days also working on the Stan Lee Foundation , a nonprofit group that concentrates on educating children , he said . "  To me , education is one of the most important things in the world , " Lee said . "  Somebody who is n't educated , it 's like running in a race with one leg tied behind them . " He 's still writing new stories for his POW ! Entertainment company . "  To me , the most important thing in the world is to keep busy , and I 'm happy to say I 'm lucky enough to still be busy , " he said . Lee 's Hollywood star , to be dedicated Tuesday morning , will be the 2,428 th on the Walk of Fame .	Stan Lee created Spider-Man , The Fantastic Four , X-Men , Iron Man Lee began his comic book career more than 70 years ago Lee , 88 , is still writing new stories ; he says Spider-Man is his favorite creation The Stan Lee Foundation focuses on youth education projects
CNN  -- It 's just a few minutes after the final whistle has blown and the shiny basketball court of the Al Gharafa Sports Hall in Doha is filled with shouts and cheers . The sky blue-clad national women 's basketball team from war-ravaged Somalia has just beaten Qatar , the host nation , at the 2011 Arab Games , in a hotly-contested match that ended 67-57 to the East African country . "  Words ca n't describe how I felt , " says Canadian-born Somali team member Khatra Mahdi about last week 's triumph . "  We were all jumping up and down , there were tears in the girls ' eyes -- history was made right there , " she adds . The victory marked a remarkable feat for the Somali players as it came against a backdrop fraught with difficulties and danger . Notwithstanding Somalia 's prolonged civil war and shattered sports infrastructure , the team says it had to prepare for the Games in the bullet-ridden police headquarters in Somalia 's capital , Mogadishu . There , the women would train for two to three hours a day under the watchful eye of security officers , tasked to safeguard them against religious militants targeting women playing the sport . Fertile territory for Al Shabaab in chaos of Somalia "  We try to protect them outside and inside , " says Said Duale , the secretary general of the Somali Basketball Federation , adding that the safety of the women is "  taken very seriously . " In recent years , many Somali athletes have been threatened by members of the militant Islamist group Al Shabaab who see sport as an "  un-Islamic " activity , according to Duran Ahmed Farah , the Somali National Olympic Committee  NOC  senior vice president for international relations . In summer 2006 , the Islamic Courts Union  ICU  , which then controlled Mogadishu , labelled sport as a "  satanic act " and issued an order prohibiting women from playing sport , including basketball . A few months later , the ICU was deposed but Al Shabaab , which has connections to al Qaeda , is still fighting to impose its own interpretation of Islamic law , or Sharia , on the country . "  The threat is always there -- there are people who will see girls playing sport as a devil 's thing and they will not allow it , " Farah says . Women have been stoned to death for adultery ; amputations and beheadings are common while in some areas Al Shabaab has banned listening to the radio . Inside Kenya 's war with Al Shabaab "  These girls are brave : in that kind of environment they 're still playing their sport , the sport they like , " says Farah . Basketball is one of the most popular sports amongst women in Somalia . Duale says that the country 's first national female basketball team was created in the early 1970s but had n't performed at an international tournament since 1987 . The Islamist ban , coupled with the challenges presented by the lack of sponsorship and destroyed facilities , have all hindered the development of the sport in recent years . Yet , despite the threats and all the setbacks , Somalia 's national women 's basketball team concluded its participation at the Games on Monday with the very respectable tally of three losses and two victories -- Kuwait also lost to Somalia . Like some other teams representing Muslim countries , the national team plays in relatively modest uniforms : track pants and shirts with elbow-length sleeves ; players also wear scarves that cover their hair . Coach Mohamed Sheekh put together an ambitious team comprised of women based in Somalia and the diaspora -- the United States , Canada , UK and Germany . Many of the players had n't even seen their teammates before , let alone played a basketball game with them . "  I 'm very happy and proud of them , " says Sheekh of his players . "  They were excellent and everyone was talking about them . " NOC president Aden Hagi Yeberow says the team 's success in Doha can act as a unifying factor in a country that 's been plagued by insecurity , political instability , lack of unity and scarcity of resources . "  We want to use sport as a peace-building tool to bring the Somali people together , " he says . "  What these young girls are doing in this tournament has laid the foundations , hopefully , of a good future of our people . "  We would like to capitalize on this and also to move forward and , hopefully , this will be the beginning and the start of the unity of our people . "	Somalia 's national women 's basketball team played at this year 's Arab Games in Qatar The team had to prepare in the Mogadishu police HQ for extra security Somali religious militants see sport as "  un-Islamic " In 2006 , Somalia 's Islamic Courts Union banned women from playing sport
Copiapo , Chile  CNN  -- At least one miner is fighting acute pneumonia , two will need dental surgery , and others have skin problems or lesions in their eyes . Yet for all the 33 miners ' challenges the past 69 days , trapped a half-mile underground in the San Jose mine without light , health care and other basics , those who have emerged appear surprisingly healthy , Chile 's health minister said . "  Things are extraordinarily well , better than expected , " Jaime Manalich said Wednesday . "  They really are in good condition -- emotional condition and physical condition . " After getting out of the capsule , each miner stood up and reconnected with loved ones . Some of them engaged the throngs nearby . Within minutes , though , all were placed on stretchers and whisked away to get medical care . While Manalich said "  no major problems " have been found , all the rescued miners will be carefully monitored at a nearby hospital in the coming hours and days . Experts said some of the aftereffects of the long stay underground and quick trip to the surface -- especially mental effects , such as post-traumatic stress disorder or restless nights -- may be felt for years to come . The miners do not have to be flown to Copiapo Regional Hospital , Manalich said . However , officials strongly recommended it , and the miners have agreed to go , he said . Many of the miners rescued by late Wednesday afternoon had few evident medical problems , Manalich said , and dizziness was not a problem because the rescue capsule did not rotate as much as officials feared . Even so , all of the miners will be evaluated by specialists , including ophthalmologists , dermatologists and psychologists . They are being housed in a brand-new ward that was completed two months before the August 5 collapse at the San Jose mine . The hospital has spent weeks preparing for the miners , said hospital director Hernan Rojas . "  We 've been ready since Day One of this disaster , " he said last month . Some miners may be released as early as Thursday afternoon , Manalich said , while others will stay longer at the hospital . That includes at least two men who need dental surgery and one miner , whom Manalich would not identify , who is expected to remain hospitalized through the weekend . That miner 's symptoms emerged four days ago , and he was already being treated with antibiotics and improving about 24 hours before being brought to the surface , Manalich said . Besides physical maladies , in the coming days doctors will keep an eye out for nightmares , panic attacks , anxiety and claustrophobia , among other potential issues . They must be reintegrated with their families and society and deal with their sudden celebrity status and media attention . One expert has said the specter of post-traumatic stress disorder looms large . Dr. Michael Duncan , the deputy chief medical officer at Johnson Space Center in Houston , Texas , told CNN , "  The work is just beginning when the miners get out of the mine . " If the miners are given a clean bill of health , they will be released to their families . Some concerns linger due to their lack of sunlight , nutrition questions , the effects of their confinement , lack of sleep and sanitation issues . Because they have been isolated for so long , they could be more susceptible to the common cold or other viruses . Extensive precautions were taken to minimize health risks before the miners were rescued . Two Chilean Army nurses were sent down to the mine ahead of all the miners ' rescue to help them prepare for their trip to the surface , Manalich said . One of them focused exclusively on the miner with pneumonia , who had an oxygen mask on his face when he came up . "  They have an anemic condition , and right now they have been sleeping less these last few days , " Manalich said earlier Wednesday . "  They 're tired and they still have long hours of waiting in order to be able to come up to the surface and to meet with their families . " The miners were switched to a liquid diet six hours before their rescue in case they vomit on the way up . Because Chilean Mining Minister Laurence Golborne was concerned about the miners being reintroduced to sunlight abruptly , special sunglasses were sent down for the men to wear to make sure they do n't suffer damage to their retinas . While underground , they were given special clothing that pulls sweat away from the body because of concern about skin infections , as well as special socks to help prevent infections like athlete 's foot . They also had a series of vaccinations including a tetanus booster and flu shot . They have been exercising daily , and one miner , Yonni Barrios , is a paramedic who has been weighing his colleagues daily and taking blood tests and daily urine samples . American astronaut Jerry Linenger knows something about isolation and confinement . He says his five months in space aboard the Russian space station Mir left him weak and with bone loss . "  Down in the mines you have gravity pulling you down . There will be disorientation -- turning your head will feel like doing 100 backflips in a row , " he said . The miners that have come up are showing slight increases in blood pressure and cardiac activity during the trip , but they recovered satisfactorily after a few minutes of rest and have not required medication , Manalich said . The health minister added later that , emotionally , he was surprised by how well the men were doing . Still , experts warn that psychological adjustments may remain a hurdle for the miners . "  These men spent 20 days totally cut off in the dark until the first bore hole was made , " Linenger said . "  So they were in survival mode , which is tough psychologically because you are in a life-and-death situation . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Patrick Oppmann , Saundra Young and Madison Park contributed to this report .	One miner suffering from pneumonia , two need dental surgery Chilean health minister says things went "  extraordinarily well " Experts warn of possible long-term effects from the ordeal Their psychological health is a concern as well as their physical health
London  CNN  -- Celebrity chef Nigella Lawson used cocaine during two periods of her life , she admitted Wednesday as she testified in the fraud trial of two former personal assistants in a London court . She told the court she had used the drug about six times with her late husband , John Diamond , when he learned that his cancer was terminal , in order to give him "  some escape from his treatment . " She also used cocaine once in July 2010 when she felt subject to "  terrorism " by her then-husband Charles Saatchi , she said . At that point she felt trapped , isolated and unhappy , she said , and a friend offered her the drug . But , Lawson said , "  I 've never been a drug addict , I 've never been an habitual user . ... I did not have a drug problem , I had a life problem . " Saatchi had claimed in an e-mail that Lawson had used drugs regularly , but in testimony Friday he backed off that claim . Lawson 's admission of cocaine use came after she earlier testified that Saatchi had threatened to "  destroy " her if she did not "  clear his name . " She had been asked about her reluctance to attend court as a witness in the assistants ' trial -- a case that has gripped the media as claims emerge about the couple 's troubled personal life . "  I have been put on trial here where I am called to answer , and glad to answer the allegations , and the world 's press , and it comes after a long summer of bullying and abuse , " Lawson said . "  I find it 's another chapter in that . " Referring to Saatchi 's request for her to attend the trial , made in a letter sent by his lawyers , Lawson said : "  He had said to me if I did n't get back to him and clear his name he would destroy me . " Lawson said she felt she had to do her civic duty . "  It 's difficult for me , it 's very difficult for my children , but I want to do the right thing , " she added . The former aides , Italian sisters Francesca and Elisabetta Grillo , deny embezzling hundreds of thousands of pounds on company credit cards while employed by Lawson and Saatchi . ` No hard evidence ' In his testimony last Friday , Saatchi addressed the claim made in an e-mail he sent to Lawson in October that alleged she had used drugs . He told the court he never saw his wife taking drugs during their 10-year marriage and he had no hard evidence she had done so . He also said he was "  utterly heartbroken " by the end of their relationship . In the e-mail , which was shared with the court by the defense in a pretrial hearing , Saatchi wrote that the assistants would likely "  get off " because Lawson was using cocaine and marijuana on a daily basis and "  allowed the sisters to spend whatever they liked . " The allegations emerged in June , around the time the couple were photographed in a restaurant having an argument . In the photos , which were splashed across the front pages of national newspapers , Saatchi is seen with his hand around Lawson 's throat . Saatchi accepted a police caution for assault , and the couple announced they would divorce soon afterward . ` She was a rock ' The two defendants , who worked for Lawson and Saatchi for a number of years , were supposed to use the cards for household expenses , but allegedly spent large amounts on themselves . Lawson acknowledged Wednesday she was n't familiar with every detail of the purchases made by the Grillo sisters . She told the court she had employed Elisabetta , also known as Lisa , while her ex-husband had hired Francesca . "  I loved Lisa . She came to me in a difficult time in my life . She was a rock , " Lawson said . She said Elisabetta Grillo had left her job for a while , and when she came back she 'd been increasingly bitter and unhappy . "  I do not think her bitterness was towards me personally . I think it was towards her life , " the chef said . Lawson ignored the crowd of reporters and photographers waiting outside Isleworth Crown Court as she entered earlier , wearing black and looking somber . Transactions top $ 1 million Saatchi 's accountant gave details of the sisters ' alleged spending on luxury goods in court last week , including purchases from Prada , Miu Miu and Louis Vuitton . The prosecution also showed Saatchi a list of the top 50 transactions made by the sisters , totaling more than $ 1 million , which he said he did not recognize and had not authorized . He did not know whether Lawson had approved them , he said . Lawson , whose culinary skills and flirtatious manner have long entranced UK audiences , has also appeared as a judge on ABC show "  The Taste " in the United States . A second season of the show is due to air in January .	"  I did not have a drug problem , I had a life problem , " says Nigella Lawson Lawson admits using cocaine during two periods of her life Ex-husband said he 'd "  destroy " her if she did n't "  clear his name , " Lawson tells court Italian sisters Francesca and Elisabetta Grillo deny embezzling large sums
CNN  -- New Jersey officially said Monday that it has "  profound regret " for practicing slavery , and became the first state north of the Mason-Dixon line to pass such apologetic legislation . The legislation does not need the signature of New Jersey Gov. Jon Corzine to become official . A committee of the New Jersey Assembly last Thursday approved the resolution , just one of several steps lawmakers had to take by Monday , the last day of the current legislative session . The Assembly and the Senate voted overwhelmingly -- 29-2 -- to approve the resolution . The resolution states that "  the fundamental values of Africans were shattered ; they were brutalized , humiliated and dehumanized . " New Jersey , it reads , had 12,000 slaves , one of the largest populations in the northern colonies . The state was also the last to emancipate slaves , in 1846 , it says . If the resolution had not passed , the process would have had to begin again . The resolution did not need Gov. Jon Corzine 's signature and will become official when filed with the secretary of state . The symbolic atonement follows apologies for slavery made in 2007 by legislators in Alabama , Maryland , North Carolina and Virginia . Read New Jersey 's slavery apology resolution E-mail to a friend	New Jersey is first state in the north to apologize for slavery in legislation New Jersey had 12,000 slaves , one of the largest in the northern colonies The state was the last to emancipate slaves , in 1846 The resolution will become official when filed with secretary of state
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A brazen gunman wearing a porcelain doll mask robbed an Atlanta , Georgia , bank and made off with a stash of money , the FBI said . However , authorities said the bank robber waited a little too long to put on his mask . The FBI has clear pictures of him looking nervous as he enters the bank Tuesday morning before he donned the mask . The photos may be the key to catching him , according to authorities . "  Two very detailed photographs of the robber 's face were taken by the bank 's ATM machine just prior to the robber placing the mask over his face , " the FBI said in a news release . The man entered the Chase Bank , put on the porcelain doll-type mask and jumped on the counter of the bank , brandishing a silver semi-automatic handgun , the FBI said . Close-up photos of the man taken before the robbery show his facial hair and prescription glasses . "  Sometimes , the investigators that work these bank robberies do get lucky in terms of the robbers doing something stupid , leaving something behind that is an incredible investigative lead , " Steve Emmett , a spokesman for the Atlanta FBI office , told CNN affiliate WSB . The FBI is asking anybody with information to call its Atlanta office at 404-679-9000 .	The FBI says it has clear photos of the robber 's face The photos are detailed and show some of the man 's features
CNN  -- Sen. Larry Craig said he "  overreacted and made a poor decision " in pleading guilty to disorderly conduct after his June arrest following an incident in a Minneapolis , Minnesota , airport bathroom . A police mug shot of Sen. Larry Craig after he was arrested at the Minneapolis-St . Paul airport in June . Tuesday , in his first public statement on the arrest , the Idaho Republican said he did nothing "  inappropriate . " "  Let me be clear : I am not gay and never have been , " said Craig , who has aligned himself with conservative groups who oppose gay rights . With his wife by his side , Craig said he is the victim of a "  witch hunt " conducted by the Idaho Statesman newspaper . "  In pleading guilty , I overreacted in Minneapolis , because of the stress of the Idaho Statesman 's investigation and the rumors it has fueled around Idaho , " he said . "  Again , that overreaction was a mistake , and I apologize for my misjudgment . " Watch Craig say he did nothing wrong " He added : "  I should not have kept this arrest to myself , and should have told my family and friends about it . I was n't eager to share this failure , but I should have done so anyway . " A police officer who arrested him June 11 said Craig peered through a crack in a restroom stall door for two minutes and made gestures suggesting to the officer he wanted to engage in "  lewd conduct . " Craig 's blue eyes were clearly visible through the crack in the door , Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport police Sgt. Dave Karsnia wrote in the report he filed . "  Craig would look down at his hands , ` fidget ' with his fingers , and then look through the crack into my stall again , " Karsnia wrote in documents accompanying the arrest report . Craig said the officer misinterpreted his actions . After he was taken for questioning , the police report says , Craig pulled out a Senate business card and asked the officer : "  What do you think of that ? " Before the senator spoke in Boise , Idaho , Tuesday , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , a Republican from Kentucky , informed Craig the leaders of his own party were calling for an ethics investigation into what they termed a "  serious matter , " a Senate Republican leadership aide told CNN . The aide said senators , who discussed the matter by phone , were especially concerned about the business card allegation . The GOP leadership consists of McConnell , Assistant Minority Leader Trent Lott of Mississippi , Conference Chairman Jon Kyl of Arizona , Policy Committee Chair Kay Bailey Hutchison of Texas , and Senatorial Committee Chair John Ensign of Nevada . "  Due to the reported and disputed circumstances , and the legal resolution of this serious case , we will recommend that Senator Craig 's incident be reported to the Senate Ethics Committee for its review , " the group said in a statement . "  In the meantime , Leadership is examining other aspects of the case to determine if additional action is required , " the statement said . Craig , 62 , pleaded guilty August 8 to a misdemeanor disorderly conduct charge in the incident , according to Minnesota criminal records . The senator said he "  chose to plead guilty to a lesser charge in the hope of making it go away . I did not seek any counsel , either from an attorney , staff , friends , or family . That was a mistake , and I deeply regret it . " On Tuesday , Craig announced that he has retained an attorney . The officer wrote he was on a plainclothes detail in the restroom because of citizen complaints and arrests for sexual activity there . Karsnia wrote that when the person occupying the stall beside him left , Craig entered it and blocked the door with his rolling suitcase . "  My experience has shown that individuals engaging in lewd conduct use their bags to block the view from the front of their stall , " the officer said in his report . The senator then tapped his right foot , "  a signal used by persons wishing to engage in lewd conduct , " Karsnia wrote , and Craig ran his left hand several times underneath the partition dividing the stalls . "  The presence of others did not seem to deter Craig as he moved his right foot so that it touched the side of my left foot , which was within my stall area , " the officer 's report said . When the police interviewed him later , the senator said that "  he has a wide stance when going to the bathroom " and that was why his foot may have touched the officer 's , the report said . Craig also told police that he had reached down to the floor to pick up a piece of paper , the officer wrote . "  It should be noted that there was not a piece of paper on the bathroom floor , nor did Craig pick up a piece of paper , " Karsnia wrote . "  During the interview , Craig either disagreed with me or ` did n't recall ' the events as they happened . " After Craig ran his hand underneath the partition wall three times , Karsnia held his police identification down by the floor so the senator could see it , the report said . "  With my left hand near the floor , I pointed towards the exit . Craig responded , ` No ! ' "  I again pointed towards the exit . Craig exited the stall with his roller bags without flushing the toilet , " Karsnia wrote . The senator initially resisted the officer 's request to go to the police operations center , he said , but finally did . There , he was read his Miranda rights , interviewed , photographed , fingerprinted and released , the report said . The Capitol Hill newspaper Roll Call first reported the arrest Monday . In a statement released Monday evening , Craig denied inappropriate conduct and said he regrets his guilty plea , which he entered without having an attorney present . "  At the time of this incident , I complained to the police that they were misconstruing my actions . I was not involved in any inappropriate conduct , " he said . "  I should have had the advice of counsel in resolving this matter . In hindsight , I should not have pled guilty . I was trying to handle this matter myself quickly and expeditiously . " Craig paid a $ 500 fine when he entered his guilty plea in Hennepin County Municipal Court in Bloomington , Minnesota , according to state criminal records . In his petition to enter a guilty plea , Craig acknowledged that he "  engaged in  physical  conduct which I knew or should have known tended to arouse alarm or resentment . " He also was required to stipulate in the statement that he would "  make no claim that I am innocent of the charge to which I am entering a plea of guilty , " the document said . On Tuesday , Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed a complaint with the Senate Ethics Committee , asking that the senator 's conduct be investigated . The group , which largely targets Republicans , asked the committee to probe whether Craig "  violated the Senate Rules of Conduct by engaging in disorderly conduct , " a statement said . "  If pleading guilty to charges stemming from an attempt to solicit an undercover officer in a public restroom is not conduct that reflects poorly upon the Senate , what is ? " asked Melanie Sloan , the group 's executive director , in a statement . Sloan is a former U.S. attorney in the Clinton administration 's Justice Department . Sen. Barbara Boxer , D-California , chairwoman of the Ethics Committee , declined to comment on whether an investigation would be conducted . Her office noted the committee 's work is generally confidential . A Senate aide familiar with Ethics Committee practices said ethics rules do not specifically require a member to disclose pleading guilty to a misdemeanor . But the rules require the panel to look into a matter and determine whether an investigation is appropriate once a formal complaint is lodged . Craig resigned Monday night as a Senate liaison for former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign . Romney 's son Josh canceled a trip to Idaho on Tuesday . Craig , Idaho 's senior senator , is married with three grown children and nine grandchildren . A former rancher , he was first elected to the Senate in 1990 after serving a decade in the House of Representatives . His seat is up for re-election in 2008 . Last fall , Craig 's office publicly denied assertions by Internet blogger Mike Rogers that the senator is gay . Craig 's office dismissed speculation about the senator 's sexuality as "  completely ridiculous . " In 1982 , Craig denied rumors he was under investigation as part of a federal probe into allegations that lawmakers on Capitol Hill had sexual relationships with congressional pages , saying the "  false allegations " made him "  mad as hell . " He was never implicated in that investigation , which led to ethics charges against two other congressmen . In recent years , Craig 's voting record has earned him top ratings from social conservative groups such as the American Family Association , Concerned Women for America and the Family Research Council . He has supported a federal constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage , telling his colleagues that it was "  important for us to stand up now and protect traditional marriage , which is under attack by a few unelected judges and litigious activists . " In 1996 , Craig also voted in favor of the Defense of Marriage Act , which denies federal recognition to same-sex marriages and prevents states from being forced to recognize the marriages of gay and lesbian couples legally performed in other states . Craig also has opposed expanding the federal hate crimes law to cover offenses motivated by anti-gay bias and , in 1996 , voted against a bill that would have outlawed employment discrimination based on sexual orientation , which failed by a single vote in the Senate . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Dana Bash and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	NEW : Idaho senator : I did nothing inappropriate ; I am not gay NEW : Republican senators call for ethics review of Sen. Larry Craig case Craig pleaded guilty this month to disorderly conduct at Minnesota airport Police officer reports senator peered into stall , gave a "  signal " in June
OKAZAKI , Japan  CNN  -- At Spencer Morrey 's home , there are two constant sounds : his dad , Craig , murmuring , "  You 're okay , Spence . You 're okay , buddy , " and the sound of a machine clearing the toddler 's airway . Spencer Morrey , pictured with his father Craig , has severe cerebral palsy and requires 24-hour medical care . Both sounds come every few minutes , in between hugs , tears and kisses . Spencer has severe cerebral palsy and requires constant , 24-hour medical care . In Japan , a country that lacks sufficient medical services for disabled children , the only person to care for Spencer is his father . Morrey says his wife left , overwhelmed by the strain of their son 's medical condition . That would be pain beyond what most parents could imagine . But Spencer 's mother fled while pregnant with Morrey 's daughter , Amelia . In more than a year , Morrey says he has only seen his daughter four times . "  She would n't recognize me , " Morrey said , with Spencer propped on his lap . "  She would n't call me daddy . She 's just starting to talk now . But she 's not going to know who I am . I think she deserves my love . And I think she deserves to be with Spencer and Spencer deserves to be with her . " Morrey , a native of Chicago and a U.S. citizen , was married to a Brazilian woman of Japanese descent . They divorced in a Japanese court . Under Brazilian law , Morrey would likely have joint custody and guardianship of both children . What do you think about Spencer 's case ? Have your say But in Japan , where only one parent gets custody of a child in a divorce , the family courts have left the case in legal limbo for a year because they have not decided which parent legally has custody of the children . Typically , the parent with physical custody of a child retains custody . Morrey has stayed in Japan the last year , trying to get the courts to recognize that he has joint custody of the children in Brazil  he has not yet applied for such custody under U.S. law  . Watch Kyung Lah 's report on the case " He is afraid that if he heads home for the U.S. with Spencer without that , he could be subject to international child abduction laws , and he also fears such a move could hurt his chances of getting the Japanese family court to give him joint custody of his daughter . Morrey has been forced to quit work to care for Spencer . The financial strain of living off his credit cards is adding to the stress of caring for a disabled child alone in a foreign country . Despite his pleading with court mediators and repeated court filings claiming that joint custody is the law in both the U.S. and Brazil , Japan 's slow and antiquated family courts have let the case languish . "  Kids need both parents , " Morrey said . "  Whether the parents are married or not is irrelevant in my mind . The Japanese courts , and I realize you 're going against years and years of cultural differences and everything else , but they do n't care about the welfare of the child . "  In Japan , it 's considered too messy . It 's too complicated . It deals with personal feelings , so they do n't want to deal with it . So the best way is to not deal with it . " CNN contacted Morrey 's ex-wife four times by telephone and once by fax . She declined to discuss the case . The International Association for Parent and Child Reunion believes there are an estimated 100 American families in situations like Morrey 's in Japan and dozens involving those from Britain , France and Canada . One of those cases is that of American Christopher Savoie . Savoie , 38 , a Tennessee native and naturalized Japanese citizen , was arrested on September 28 in Yanagawa , Japan , for attempting to abduct his two children , eight-year-old Isaac and six-year-old Rebecca . Watch more about this case " Savoie drove his children to the nearest U.S. consulate in the city of Fukuoka to try and obtain passports for them . Steps away from the front of the consulate , Japanese police arrested him . Savoie is now in jail , awaiting a decision by prosecutors on a possible indictment . Savoie and his first wife , Noriko Savoie , were married for 14 years before their bitter divorce in January . According to court documents , she fled with the children to Japan in the summer . A U.S. court then gave Christopher Savoie sole custody of the children . But Japanese law recognizes Noriko Savoie as the sole custodian , despite the U.S. order . "  It 's like a black hole , " Morrey said . "  If you go through a divorce , there 's this joke . If you have an international marriage with a Japanese , do n't piss them off because you 'll never see your kids again . " Not seeing his daughter Amelia again is what is keeping Morrey in Japan . He has been selling off everything he owns , trying to keep himself and Spencer afloat , hoping the Japanese court will bring him some legal connection to his child . He is stuck choosing between caring for his son , who needs the better resources of the U.S. , and hoping to be a father to his daughter . "  How do you make that choice ? It 's not -- once you 're a dad , you 're always a dad . "	Craig Morrey 's wife left him to care for their disabled son , Spencer , alone His wife has sole custody of the daughter she had shortly after Under Japanese law only one parent gets custody of a child in a divorce Under U.S. law Morrey would likely have joint custody of both children
CNN  -- The main whistleblower in the scandal involving the Department of Veterans Affairs has asked for an independent review of delays in care at the Phoenix VA , calling the recent investigation by the Office of Inspector General a "  whitewash . " Dr. Sam Foote , a retired Phoenix VA doctor who will testify before Congress on Wednesday , says the VA 's inspector general has downplayed the way in which employee manipulations of patient wait times contributed to deaths . "  In my opinion , this was a conspiracy , possibly criminal , perpetrated by senior Phoenix leaders , " Foote said in his prepared testimony . "  The Inspector General tries to minimize the damage done and the culpability of those involved by stating that none of the deaths can conclusively be tied to treatment delays . " The report released by the inspector general in August states that no deaths at the Phoenix VA could be "  conclusively " linked to long wait times . CNN has learned the VA 's inspector general told congressional officials in a private briefing in August that 293 veterans died while waiting for care , though the deaths were not said to be caused by delays . That information was not included in the IG report released a few days later . Instead , the report described how 28 veterans had "  clinically significant delays " in care , six of whom died . Foote said the number of veterans who died vastly exceeds his original allegations that 40 veterans died while waiting for care at the Phoenix VA. . VA inspectors say Phoenix was in total ` chaos ' and warn of more risk Ahead of Wednesday 's congressional hearing , the Acting Inspector General Richard Griffin defended the recent investigation but said the report can not adequately express the personal losses involved . "  Our recent report can not capture the personal disappointment , frustration and loss of faith of individual veterans and their family members with a health care system that often could not respond to their physical and mental health needs in a timely manner , " Griffin said . For more than a year , CNN has been investigating and reporting on veterans ' deaths and delays at VA facilities all across the country , including detailed investigations in November and January 2013 examining deaths at two VA facilities in South Carolina and Georgia . Foote first appeared on CNN in April , with detailed allegations that as many as 40 American veterans had died in Phoenix , waiting for care at the VA. . Navy veteran loses his nose waiting for treatment After Foote 's revelations about Phoenix , numerous other whistleblowers stepped forward with similar charges of veterans ' waiting for care and possible deaths of veterans who were waiting . The VA 's inspector general opened investigations at 93 sites of care in response to allegations of wait time manipulations . To date , 12 investigations have been completed but 81 remain active and are being coordinated with the Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation , as appropriate . In May , after reports of patients dying while waiting for care at the Phoenix VA , Secretary Eric Shinseki was forced to step down . Robert McDonald was appointed this summer to take over the agency . VA blames ` confusion ' for misstatements about deaths Scathing report slams veterans ' care but says no definite link to deaths	Dr. Sam Foote seeks an independent review of delays in care at the Phoenix VA He is scheduled to testify before Congress on Wednesday Foote 's prepared testimony : "  This was a conspiracy , possibly criminal " Foote was the key whistleblower in a CNN investigation into the Phoenix VA
CNN  -- For most of his life , Marlon Jackson was shy . He was the kind who would stand in the corner at a party swaying side-to-side , quietly sipping on a beer while others danced and socialized . "  We called him Fudgie , " Marlon 's cousin , Juarez Jackson , said . "  Fudgie was a great cousin with a smile that could light up an entire room . He was not the person with the most words , but he had a great sense of humor and personality . " CNN first learned about Marlon when his name was added to the Home & Away database , an interactive memorial for the troops who have lost their lives fighting in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars . Thanks to Juarez , we were given an opportunity to learn more . Marlon was nicknamed Fudgie after a character in a reggae song who was known for being outgoing and was quite the ladies man , someone who Marlon was not . Juarez , a native of Kingston , Jamaica , explained that it is common in Jamaican culture to give someone a nickname that is opposite of who they really are . "  If someone 's big , we call them smally . If they 're tall , we call them shorty , " Juarez said . "  It was kind of a play on him not being that outgoing and him being a real introvert . " Marlon was born in Jamaica and adopted at nine by Leighton Jackson and Lois La Grenade and a few years later , he moved to New Jersey with his adopted father . Around 14 , his cousins in Georgia , who he would visit often , dubbed him Fudgie . He often introduced himself to others using the obverse nickname . "  He loved it , " Juarez said . "  Everybody called him Fudgie , and he got a big kick out of it . " Marlon might have been quiet , but according to Juarez , when he did talk , he always had something interesting to say . "  Some people , they do n't need to say anything and they just have that way about them , " Juarez said . "  Everyone listened when he said something because he rarely spoke .  Marlon was  just very on point with the words that came out of his mouth . " But when Marlon enlisted with the U.S. Army in 1999 , Juarez saw a big change in his cousin 's personality . He started to break out of his shell and became more confident in himself , something his cousin wants people to remember . "  I want people to remember him giving it all but also remember how the service made him better , " Juarez said . "  I saw how great Marlon had become as an individual . He still had his introvert self , but he was just way more confident , way more powerful as a person . It was great to see that , and I know it was the Army that brought that out of him . I do n't think there is anywhere else that could have done that to him like the service did . " When Marlon enlisted , it had been almost a decade since the United States was directly involved in a war . It never crossed his cousin 's mind that one day he might see combat . "  The most war you 'd hear going on is between Biggie and Tupac and they just passed away , " Juarez said . "  You never thought about any global war going on . That was in the back of our minds . " Even when Marlon was deployed to Iraq in March of 2003 , Juarez never thought that Fudgie might not return . But when his uncle told him on November 13 , 2003 , that Marlon had been killed by a roadside bomb two days prior , on Veterans Day , his whole life changed . "  In you 20s , you do n't think that someone is going to pass away . You just do n't think that someone is going to be 25 and not be here anymore , " Juarez said . "  It was kind of hard to believe . " At the time of Marlon 's death , Juarez was in college studying computer science . He had known since he was in the sixth grade that he wanted to be a software engineer , but he did not know in what capacity until his younger brother started working in the defense industry and cousin Marlon enlisted in the Army . "  It was an encouragement to me to do something that I thought was more meaningful , " Juarez said . "  What Marlon did , what soldiers do , that makes a difference . That 's shaping the world . That 's shaping the future . " Juarez started working for the defense industry in 2005 as a software engineer , and one of his first projects involved outfitting U.S. military Humvees with armor that could help protect troops from rocket-propelled grenades and improvised explosive devices , something that Juarez believes could have possibly saved his cousin . Juarez is still with the defense industry , working side-by-side with service members from all around the world . He knows that what he and his fellow engineers do makes a difference , and he loves that they are all working towards the same goal : helping the brave men and women serving in the armed forces . "  I think  Marlon  would have been proud of the accomplishments that my brother and I have made , " Juarez said . "  I am just kind of disappointed that he 's not here to share in some of this . " But to this day , Juarez ca n't say has bad feelings about his cousin going to war . "  He did an admirable thing . He did something that I think is one of the highest callings you can have in life -- to serve other people . He did that with zeal and gusto , and no one had to pull him dragging to do it . He did it because he wanted to do it , and he knew it was something that would make him better . "	Spc. Marlon Jackson was killed when a roadside bomb detonated in Iraq in 2003 Marlon is remembered by his cousin as a shy , introverted young man Marlon became more confident after joining the Army Marlon 's life influenced his cousin , Juarez , to work as software engineer in defense industry
CNN  -- A TV show can be wildly popular online , inspiring binge-watching marathons and feverish Twitter chatter , but it 's still the number of people turning in via a regular television set that are counted most by networks . In a sign of our increasingly connected age , the Nielsen Company will finally add streaming viewers to its influential ratings of who 's watching what on TV . The new ratings will collect data on people who watch their sitcoms , dramas and crime procedurals on computer , tablet and smartphone screens . Nielsen first announced it was testing programs to track streaming viewers in April . In mid-November , it will release a software development kit that clients can use to figure out who 's tuning in online . Nielsen ratings are used to figure out how many people are watching a show and the demographics of the overall audience . Networks use those numbers to determine how much to charge for ads and even to help make scheduling decisions , such as canceling shows that pull in dismal numbers . Television sets are still the primary way people watch TV , but online viewers are growing fast . They stream shows to non-TV screens , such as computers , tablets and smartphones . Their viewing habits are different , too : They consume entire seasons in single sittings and catch up on "  Daily Show " clips during commutes . The streaming and mobile audiences tend to skew younger , a coveted age group for advertisers . Nielsen typically tracks demographics such as age , location , gender , race and income . To gather that type of detailed information about online viewers , the company says it will match demographic information with data providers such as Facebook that already collect that information about Internet users . Not all online views will count as part of the main Nielsen TV ratings . Shows that do n't include the same ads online as on TV will be counted as part of separate Nielsen Digital Ratings . Shows streamed directly by networks through their own sites and apps typically include the same set of ads , and those viewers are counted towards the traditional Nielsen totals . This is the latest attempt by Nielsen to catch up with current digital-media technology . Earlier this month , the company announced it was launching Twitter TV ratings , tracking the number of people tweeting about a show and how many people were reading those tweets . Nielsen ratings are typically collected in several old-fashioned ways . For example , it still has households record their viewing habits in handwritten diaries , documenting any show they watch for more than five minutes .	Nielsen , which measures TV ratings , will begin tracking online-viewing habits A new software development kit will be released to clients in November While most people still watch TV on televisions , a growing number stream shows online
CNN  -- A medical student accused of killing a masseuse in a Boston , Massachusetts , hotel room will be charged in a hotel assault in Rhode Island , the state attorney general said Monday . Accused "  Craigslist killer " Phillip Markoff is now facing additional charges in Rhode Island . Police said the attacker in both cases apparently responded to the victims ' listings on the Craigslist online classified ad site . Philip Markoff , 23 , will be charged with assault with the intent to rob , assault with a dangerous weapon , possession of a handgun and use of a firearm while committing a crime of violence , said Rhode Island Attorney General Patrick Lynch . The charges stem from an April 16 robbery attempt at a Holiday Inn Express in Warwick , Rhode Island . Watch why Rhode Island officials issued an arrest warrant " Markoff , a second-year student at Boston University 's School of Medicine , previously was charged with killing Julissa Brisman on April 14 at a Boston hotel . Police said Brisman , a New York resident , was a model who advertised as a masseuse on Craigslist . Prosecutors say she was shot three times at close range and suffered blunt head trauma . Markoff also has been charged in connection with an April 10 robbery of a woman at another hotel in Boston . She was robbed of $ 800 in cash and $ 250 in American Express gift cards , according to police reports . Watch report on Markoff 's alleged gambling problem , underwear collection " The incident also is linked to a Craigslist ad , police said . Markoff pleaded not guilty in the April 14 and April 10 incidents and is being held without bail . Lynch called the Rhode Island case a "  very stark , difficult , horrific reminder that there are predators out there ; there are bad people out there , " and called for new Internet safety measures . Markoff 's attorney , John Salsburg , did not respond to requests from CNN for comment .	Case marks third time Philip Markoff accused of finding victims on Craigslist Assault with dangerous weapon among charges leveled in Warwick robbery Markoff pleaded not guilty and is being held without bail Markoff also charged with killing a masseuse , robbing another woman
Washington  CNN  -- A federal judge dismissed manslaughter charges Thursday against five Blackwater security guards in the 2007 deaths of Iraqi civilians in a Baghad square , finding that prosecutors wrongly used the men 's own statements against them . The September 2007 shootout in Baghdad 's Nusoor Square left 17 Iraqis dead and two dozen wounded . The killings led Iraq 's government to slap limits on security contractors hired by Blackwater , now known as Xe , and other firms . U.S. District Judge Ricardo Urbina found that the government 's case was built largely on "  statements compelled under a threat of job loss in a subsequent criminal prosecution , " a violation of the Fifth Amendment rights of the five men charged . "  In their zeal to bring charges against the defendant in this case , the prosecutors and investigators aggressively sought out statements the defendants had been compelled to make to government investigators in the immediate aftermath of the shooting and in the subsequent investigation , " Urbina wrote in a 90-page decision . Federal prosecutors "  repeatedly disregarded the warnings of experienced , senior prosecutors assigned to the case " in doing so , he found . Urbina also sharply criticized prosecutors and federal agents who developed the case , calling their explanations for using the guards ' statements "  all too often contradictory , unbelievable and lacking in credibility . " "  In short , the government has utterly failed to prove that it made no impermissible use of the defendants ' statements or that such use was harmless beyond a reasonable doubt , " he wrote . There was no immediate response to the decision from the Justice Department , which can appeal Thursday 's ruling or seek new indictments against the men . The men were guarding a State Department convoy moving through western Baghdad when the shooting began . The company said its contractors came under attack , but Iraqi authorities called the gunfire unprovoked and indiscriminate . Each of the now-former guards -- Paul Slough , Evan Liberty , Dustin Heard , Donald Ball and Nicholas Slatten -- faced 14 counts of manslaughter , 20 counts of attempted manslaughter and one count of using a firearm in the commission of a violent crime . Prosecutors requested that charges against Slatten be dropped in November , but Thursday 's ruling dismisses the counts against all five . "  We 're obviously pleased at the decision dismissing the entire indictment and are very happy that these courageous young men can begin the new year without this unfair cloud hanging over them , " said Slough 's lawyer , Mark Hulkower . A sixth guard , Jeremy Ridgeway , pleaded guilty in 2008 to voluntary manslaughter and attempted manslaughter .	Prosecutors wrongly used statements given under duress , judge says Former Blackwater guards accused in deaths of 17 civilians in September 2007 Finding dismisses charges against five guards Justice Department may appeal ruling or seek new indictments
India said Thursday that it had successfully carried out the maiden test flight of its longest-range nuclear-capable missile , which can apparently travel more than 5,000 kilometers . The Agni V rocket took off around 8:03 a.m. local time  10.33 p.m. Wednesday ET  and "  met all the mission objectives , " said S.P. Das , director of the missile test site . The missile , whose stated range of about 3,100 miles puts major Chinese cities within its striking distance , was fired from the coast of the eastern Indian state of Orissa . The Indian defense minister , A.K. Antony , congratulated the Defense Research and Development Organization for the "  immaculate " success of the missile launch . India says the missile development is not an aggressive initiative and that its military program is based on building a credible minimum deterrent with a "  no-first-use " policy . "  Our missiles are purely for deterrence , " Ravi Gupta , a spokesman for the Defense Research and Development Organization , had said ahead of the launch . In November , India successfully tested the fourth version of Agni , meaning "  fire " in Hindi , with a range of 3,500 km . Built years earlier , Agni I could travel 700 km , according to Indian defense authorities . India borders two nuclear-armed states -- its arch-rival Pakistan ; and China , with which it fought a brief but bitter war in 1962 . The launch of the Agni V is "  another milestone in our quest to add to the credibility of our security and preparedness and to continuously explore the frontiers of science , " India 's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said Thursday . The flight of the missile is a significant move to demonstrate India 's technological competence , Uday Bhaskar , a strategic expert , said earlier this week . But the homegrown missile will undergo several tests more before it becomes fully operational , he said . A successful experiment , Bhaskar said , would bring India closer to the group of nations capable of building intercontinental missiles . Currently , the five permanent member nations of the U.N. Security Council -- the United States , China , Russia , Britain and France -- are thought to have developed such technology , he said . As well as homegrown hardware like the Agni , India buys a lot of arms from overseas . It has overtaken China as the world 's biggest importer of weapons , according to a recent report by the the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute . Siemon Wezeman , a senior analyst with SIPRI , said last month that India 's defense spending reflects its regional security concerns and Delhi 's global aspirations . China 's relative decline as an arms importer comes at a time when it is increasing its overall defense budget , investing in major projects such as the development of a stealth fighter jet and an aircraft carrier program . Many of these weapons are produced domestically .	Singh says the launch adds credibility to India 's security The test firing met all of its objectives , an official says The missile is called Agni , which means "  fire " in Hindi Its range puts major Chinese cities within striking distance
CNN  -- Join Roland Martin for his weekly sound-off segment on CNN.com Live at 11:10 a.m. Wednesday . If you 're passionate about politics , he wants to hear from you . Roland Martin says voting on Tuesday made sense when the day was set in 1845 , but a change is needed . Now that the political parties have informally settled on their nominees , the focus turns to November 4 , when the nation will go to the polls to choose a new president . But why is Election Day on a Tuesday ? Why in the world do we continue to insist on voting on a weekday when we are supposed to be encouraging as many people to vote as possible ? Most of the primaries and caucuses during the past four months took place on Tuesdays , but a number went to the polls on Saturdays . The Puerto Rico vote was on a Sunday . What 's better than going to church in the morning and then making your way to the voting booth ? Officially , Election Day is the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November  depending on the year , it could be November 2 through November 8  . Since 1845 , this has been the standard practice in the United States . Congress wanted a set date to elect a president and members of Congress , and because we were an agricultural society , this was the best day for farmers in rural America to get to the polls . That made a ton of sense . Then . But a lot has changed in the past 163 years , and it 's time Congress changed this unnecessary law . The purists are likely to argue that everyone knows that a Tuesday in early November is set aside for Election Day . So with that in mind , just leave the election in November . Sure , it would make better sense to go with a month during which it 's warm in nearly all of the USA , but the consistency argument also makes sense . But why not the first Saturday in November ? If that date were chosen , the majority of voters would n't have to worry about trying to vote before going to work , hoping and praying the lines are n't too long so they can zip in and zip out . The same thing happens in the evening . Folks have to hurry up and finish their work , interrupt meetings , and shut down whatever else they are doing and head to the polls . They are likely to confront long lines , and that discourages some folks from voting .  Now , I do n't have much sympathy on this one . We 'll stand in line for a concert or movie ; and that surely is n't as important as electing a president ! Saturday is already a day of leisure , and there is no doubt that more Americans would head to the polls on a traditional day off from work . Because of the excitement generated by this year 's campaign , you can bet there will be long lines at the polls , and if there are not enough ballots , we can expect all kinds of delays . Folks will grow frustrated , be afraid to show up to work late , and likely will leave and not come back . That 's just not good for democracy . This is one of those simple decisions that does n't require a ton of debate . I ca n't imagine there being major opposition to moving the election date . In 2004 , 71 percent of all eligible voters were registered , according to a story by the Carnegie Reporter , "  Election Reform : Lessons From 2004 . " But of that number , 60.7 percent voted . Someone is likely to say that with the number of people voting up in 2004 from the number in 2000 , that 's not bad . But when we see 90 percent of voters in Iraq voting -- and we are trying to instill democracy there ! -- it 's clear that impediments to voting in the United States are n't helpful . It would be nice to see the presidential nominees weigh in on this and pledge to change the election date . Let 's see a debate moderator ask this question . Instead of putting up barriers for people who want to vote , we should be the most open society when it comes to giving our citizens as many options as possible to vote , and moving Election Day from a weekday to a weekend makes a lot of sense . We ca n't speak of our cherished democracy around the world if we are n't willing to improve it every chance we get . Roland S. Martin is a nationally award-winning journalist and CNN contributor . Martin is studying to receive his master 's degree in Christian communications at Louisiana Baptist University . You can read more of his columns at http://www.rolandsmartin.com/ . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Roland Martin says Election Day should be changed to the weekend Weekday voting once made sense , but no longer , Martin says Goal should be to make it easy for as many people to vote as possible , he says Next president should work with Congress to make the switch , he says
CNN  -- With sparkling new air hubs and new tourism opportunities , some of the world 's biggest hotel brands have spied the perfect opportunity to pitch up in the Middle East in recent years . Hilton , Waldorf Astoria and Shangri-La are all making major investments in previously sleepy outposts such as Ras al Khamiah as well as hot new locations like Saadiyat Island , both in the UAE . But one local company has a head start on the big global players coming late to the game . Rotana Hotels is an Abu Dhabi-based chain that has been growing at an aggressive rate since it was founded by business partners Nasser Al Nowais and Selim El Zyr in 1993 . From just two hotels back then , Rotana is now responsible for 85 sites across the Middle East and northern Africa . According to new CEO Omer Kaddouri , beating the international competition to the likes of Syria , Iraq and Sudan is just the start of the company 's plans . The ambition is to more than double the number of cities where Rotana has a presence to 40 and increase the number of hotel rooms -- or keys -- to 28,000 by 2018 . The majority of this early expansion will take place in the Middle East but Kaddouri is also casting his eyes further afield . "  We are talking to people in Southeast Asia , India  and  Australia , " he told CNN 's Marketplace Middle East of where he hopes Rotana will develop next . Having been in the hotel industry for almost 30 years , Kaddouri believes that Rotana should be competing with some of the larger hotel chains in big important regional locations . "  I visited several major cities in need of hotels .  They 'll say  ` Who are Rotana ? ' That 's when we need to sell ourselves . " "  When they  potential investors  come and see us , the quality , the portfolio ... the five stars and  the  apartments , they believe us . There will be an investor that will give the new kid on the block a chance . " A home-grown brand Rotana 's home grown brand status in the Middle East gives it the ability to break ground where others may hesitate . It was the first to open a five-star-hotel in fast-growing Erbil , northern Iraq . Next on the list according to Kaddouri is Iran . With roughly 80 million consumers , the Islamic Republic is a big prize . "  Iran is a big market ... we want to be the first  there  and I think we will be . Some elements need to be stabilized but we are hoping by end of next year , early 2016 , we 'll see our first hotel . " To expand as planned , Kaddouri says it is important to always maintain a clear identity and remember where the brand was born . The Beach Rotana in Abu Dhabi , for example , was the chain 's first property and it remains a reference point for the company and the UAE . "  We 're not going to change how we 've been doing business just because I 'm the new CEO , " Kaddouri said . "  Our model works and we want to keep it that way . In the next six months , one year , we will start enhancing , tweaking . " With the Middle East , and in particular the likes of Dubai and Abu Dhabi fast becoming aviation hubs , opportunities to grow and further develop the regions burgeoning hotel sector will be plentiful . "  I always talk about the airlines , " Kaddouri said . "  It 's happening , making our area explode  with  incomings and outgoings . " "  It 's getting better moving forward ... bringing in commerce . That did n't happen 20 years ago and is great for us here and when we move out  around the world  , " he added . See who else has been on Marketplace Middle East	Rotana Hotels is expanding across the Middle East at a rapid rate CEO has plans to develop new hotels in Iran in near future Company also wants to push into markets in India , Australia and Southeast Asia
CNN  -- The box office fright flick "  The Haunting in Connecticut " earned $ 23 million and a second-place ranking the first weekend of its release , satiating the moviegoer appetite for psychological thrills . Carmen Reed 's family lived in a former funeral home . Their stories inspired "  The Haunting in Connecticut . " But what is entertainment for many was reportedly true life for Carmen Reed , who insists on using her maiden name to protect her children and grandchildren . Reed , her husband and four children rented an old colonial home in Southington , Connecticut , in the mid-1980s in order to be close to a hospital where her 13-year-old son was receiving cancer treatment . Soon after , two nieces also joined them in the house that they learned had once been a funeral home . It was n't long before that son began telling stories about noises he 'd heard and visions he 'd seen , including the one of the "  tall , thin man with long jet-black hair " whom the boy said he saw every night , Reed said . "  I was the biggest skeptic of all , " she explained . "  I put my son in a mental hospital because I did n't believe him . " Watch Reed talk about life in a haunted house " Reed sat down with CNN to talk about the spooky stories that later became her own and how what her family experienced inspired a blockbuster film . CNN : Tell me more about sending your son to a mental institution , where he arrived in a straitjacket and where you say he stayed for 45 days . Why did you do this , and what happened next ? Carmen Reed : At first I thought it was his cancer treatment . ... I took him to a psychologist , but he got darker and darker . And this one time , he got so bad , he attacked my niece . ... An ambulance came and took him to a mental hospital . ... He was saying , "  Mom , do n't leave me ! It 's going to come after you now . " And it did . CNN : You mentioned seeing a hand that grasped your niece and that mop water would turn a deep , dark red . What are some other things you saw or heard ? Reed : Mattresses would breathe . They had a pulse . ... There was the normal banging on walls , but it always came in threes . ... There was a deep , gravelly voice . CNN : And yet you stayed for two years ! If what you were experiencing did n't drive you to move away , what did ? Reed : I could n't go to the grocery store without people telling me their ghost stories . I was usually there for three hours . CNN : You talk about how you read from the Bible in an attempt to drive away demons . How did your experiences in this home influence your faith ? Reed : I 've learned that most people just believe in this physical world . Some people question if there is a God or angels or demons . I do n't need to question that . I found that answer in this house . CNN : Are you still haunted by your experiences in that home ? Reed : I do dream about it , and I remember things , but one of the biggest mottos I have is "  Be not afraid . " When people are afraid to go somewhere , I 'll go into the deepest , darkest part of it because I know I 'm not alone . CNN : You 've consulted on this new film and are writing a book about your story . Why do you insist on using your maiden name ? Reed : To protect my children . ... My daughter was more scarred by the publicity than she was by the house . And I have 11 grandchildren , and I want to protect them . CNN : What lesson do you hope people will take away from the film and the increased exposure to what you experienced in that Connecticut home ? Reed : Leave the occult alone . You think you can control it , but it 's going to backfire on you .	Big-screen thriller "  The Haunting in Connecticut " is based on true story Carmen Reed speaks about her family 's time living in a former funeral home She says mattresses breathed , a hand grabbed and mop water turned red Her message : "  Leave the occult alone "
New Orleans  CNN  -- "  Are African-American women really that different from women of other ethnicities ? " That was the major question I wanted to ask Sophia Nelson , blogger and author of "  Black Women Redefined . " Nelson first told great stories about her numerous firsts , although she made it clear that she does n't define herself by what she does . Growing up , she wanted to be the first black female Supreme Court justice . She did become the first African-American female to be elected to the student body government at San Diego State University . And she went on to become a lawyer . Nelson has worked in Republican Party politics since her 20s as well . She can also count a U.S. Congress political party nomination among her many accomplishments . And the author , journalist and blogger loves to write . "  Your blog is called Black Woman Redefined . What is that definition ? " I asked . It 's not very good at all , she responded . She said too many people want to stereotype black women as angry and strident . But she said having images of Michelle Obama on a world stage is a game changer . She insisted that not everyone has to be like the first lady but that she is a great role model . "  Are black women really any different from any other women ? " I ask . "  No , not at all , " she said adamantly "  And that is the real redefining thing that I want us to all take away from my book and anything that you see . Black women are women like everybody else . " She discussed having lost a job , bouncing back , not being viewed seriously in the workplace , women being viewed as angry and other issues in her book . She said every woman can relate to these struggles , no matter the ethnicity . She quotes Sojourner Truth 's "  Ai n't I a Woman ? " speech while acknowledging how there are widely varying roles that women have chosen or served in . After the taped interview , we continued to discuss Nelson 's book . There were two single people on my crew and a married couple  my husband and me  . She asked my husband about whether men really are intimidated by more accomplished women . He said a secure man would not be . She agreed , saying the research for her book showed that a man was not intimidated by accomplished black women ; that men want someone with a great personality , who will treat them with respect and who will leave the baggage behind . Nelson said , "  I consider myself lucky to have achieved a lifelong dream of mine to publish my first book ; a serious , generational nonfiction book on the lives of accomplished black women in America living in this new ` Age of Michelle Obama . ' Stereotypes still define black women and , for that matter , most women in our culture . But as we all know , stereotypes are n't funny when they follow you everywhere . " We made small talk easily , laughing as though we had known each other for years . It was much later that I learned she was nervous , but felt at home once she sat down . She later wrote , "  It was like I had been waiting to do this my whole life . We often think that successful people have no fears . The truth is , successful people are quite intimate with fear -- they just face their fears and rise instead to meet their dreams . "	Author Sophia Nelson says too many people stereotype black women as angry and strident But she says Michelle Obama is helping change how people perceive black women Nelson says all women struggle with work and home issues Research for her book found evidence that men are not put off by accomplished women
CNN  -- Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan dominated debates leading up to Sunday 's local elections , even though he was n't on the ballot . Even before results were announced , a triumphant Erdogan spoke to cheering supporters from the balcony of the headquarters of his ruling Justice and Development Party , calling the vote a victory for democracy in Turkey . Erdogan said he delivered an "  Ottoman slap " to opponents at the polls . He compared his opponents to medieval assassins , and he vowed to pursue them . Even though Erdogan was n't running for office , the closely watched municipal votes could show how much recent controversies and corruption probes are affecting support for him and his ruling party . CNN sister network CNN Turk reported that Erdogan 's party had taken a strong early lead in the vote count , but opposition sources contest that . Is Turkey approaching a breaking point ? Erdogan 's government faces a corruption probe , waves of street protests have wracked the country for nearly a year , and the country 's once-booming economy is slowing down . "  Despite all the undesired statements at rallies , today people will tell the truth and it will be beyond everything , " Erdogan told journalists as he cast his vote earlier Sunday . "  People 's words will be decisive rather than those who spoke at rallies . For me , people will make the final call , and we respect people 's decision . " As authorities counted votes in the nationwide municipal elections Sunday , rival parties claimed victory in the races for mayor in Turkey 's largest cities . The municipal vote is seen as a test of strength for Erdogan and the ruling Justice and Development Party , which has been in power since 2002 . Erdogan , who took office in 2003 , has been on the political defensive since December , when police detained dozens of people close to his government as part of a wide-ranging corruption probe . In subsequent weeks , the Prime Minister dismissed thousands of police commanders as well as the prosecutors leading the investigation . In early March , the death of a 15-year-old boy who had been hit in the head with a tear-gas canister during a demonstration last June sparked a new round of demonstrations . An Istanbul crowd chanted "  fascist government , Erdogan killer " as Berkin Elvan 's coffin was carried through the streets of his family 's working-class Istanbul neighborhood . Erdogan fought back against critics who used social networks to attack him by vowing earlier this month to "  eradicate " Twitter . The Twitter crackdown follows earlier threats by Erdogan to shut down Facebook and YouTube . Anonymous critics used the popular social networking sites to publish a series of audio recordings online that appear to be wiretaps of conversations of high-level officials , including Erdogan himself . The government has accused social media platforms of being used to spread false information and lies . The Prime Minister has called some recordings "  immorally edited material , " including one in which a man who sounds like him purportedly instructs his son to hide tens of millions of dollars in cash from investigators . But he has also confirmed the authenticity of other wiretaps , including one in which he is heard telling the head of a major television news network to cut short the live broadcast of a rival politician 's speech in parliament . "  The electoral campaigns have been tough , " Turkish President Abdullah Gul said as he voted . "  But I want Turkish people to remember that our state is strong . State institutions are also strong . The problems we face will be resolved within a legal framework . " The leader of the main opposition Republican People 's Party , Kemal Kilicdaroglu , told reporters Sunday that he expected a "  good " outcome . "  I have always told people , ` Listen to your conscience and vote accordingly . ' I hope they will do that , " Kilicdaroglu said . "  I am happy , I cast my vote . Democracy in Turkey should be strengthened . It should be renewed . We will build it from the start . I trust my people . I trust their judgment . " Brain drains while the heart stays : Is leaving Turkey an option ? Turkish economic mess : How did it get to this point ? CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Fionnuala Sweeney contributed to this report .	NEW : Turkey 's Prime Minister calls the vote a victory for democracy Rival parties claim victory in municipal races as authorities count votes Prime Minister Erdogan 's government faces a wide-ranging corruption probe Erdogan has tried to shut down Twitter , Facebook and YouTube as outlets for critics
At times angry and choked with emotion , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Wednesday took on Republican critics of her department 's handling of the September terrorist attack in Libya that killed the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans , but repeatedly distanced herself from a direct role in specific situations . "  As I have said many times since September 11 , I take responsibility , " Clinton told two long-anticipated congressional hearings examining the attack that became a major issue in the November presidential election . Conservative Republicans challenged Clinton on the lack of security at the diplomatic compound in Benghazi , where Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three others were killed , as well as the erroneous account provided four days later by U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice that the attack grew spontaneously from a protest over an anti-Islam film produced in the United States . Sen. Ron Johnson , a tea party backed Wisconsin Republican serving his first term , persistently questioned Clinton on Wednesday morning about what he described as Rice "  purposely misleading " the American people . Security Clearance : Clinton lays out daunting security challenges in North Africa "  We were misled that there were supposedly protests and something sprang out of that , an assault sprang out of that and that was easily ascertained that that was not the fact , " Johnson said , adding that "  the American people could have known that within days . " Shouting and gesturing with her arms in frustration , Clinton shot back : "  With all due respect , the fact is we had four dead Americans . Was it because of a protest or was it because of guys out for a walk one night decided they 'd go kill some Americans ? " Her fists shaking , she continued : "  What difference , at this point , does it make ? It is our job to figure out what happened and do everything we can to prevent it from ever happening again , senator . " Five things we learned from the Benghazi hearings Later Johnson , interviewed by CNN 's Erin Burnett , said he still did not think Clinton answered his question . "  The American people also have the right to be told the truth , " said Johnson . "  They have an expectation that this administration , this president will be honest with them . And so it makes a big deal of difference . I 'll tell you what , I was surprised by Secretary Clinton 's reaction to that . " Another conservative , Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , told Clinton she should have been fired for not reading cables from Stevens and others in Libya . Later in the day , conservative GOP Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina accused Clinton of "  national security malpractice " by letting the Benghazi consulate "  become a death trap . " Duncan also questioned Clinton 's claim of taking responsibility , noting she still had her job and the State Department officials cited for culpability by an independent review also remained on the payroll , though on forced leave pending possible further steps . #whatdifferencedoesitmake : Clinton quote goes viral on Twitter At both hearings , which together totaled more than five hours , Clinton acknowledged the "  systemic breakdown " cited by an Accountability Review Board she appointed and noted she had accepted all 29 of its recommendations , adding her department was taking additional steps to increase security at U.S. diplomatic facilities around the world . However , she also told both the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and House Foreign Affairs Committee that she had no direct role in the handling of requests by Stevens and other diplomats for increased security that were denied , saying : "  I did n't see those requests . They did n't come to me . " In reference to the erroneous talking points by Rice that were aired on September 16 , Clinton told the Senate panel that she was focused at that time on ensuring the safety of U.S. personnel at other facilities where protests were taking place . "  I was pretty occupied about keeping our people safe , doing what needed to be done , " Clinton said , adding "  I was n't involved in the talking points process . " Ticker : What Benghazi hearing could say about 2016 White House At one point , Clinton attempted to wrap up the issue , saying : "  If you wish to fault the administration , it 's that we did n't have a clear picture , and we probably did n't do as clear a job explaining that we did not have a clear picture , until days later , creating what I think are legitimate questions . " The independent report from the review board said it did not find "  that any individual U.S. government employee engaged in misconduct or willfully ignored his or her responsibilities " leading up to the attack . However , one State Department official resigned and three others were placed on administrative leave after the report was released in December . One of the GOP 's harshest critics of the administration over the Benghazi attack , Sen. John McCain of Arizona , called Clinton 's testimony unsatisfactory . Johnson says he should not have ` speculated ' about Clinton 's emotional moments He said her department had yet to fully disclose all e-mails and other communication from Stevens and others in Benghazi , noting the American people , including the family and loved ones of those killed , deserved full answers . Critics also complain the assailants remain at large , and Clinton noted that "  we continue to hunt the terrorists responsible for the attacks in Benghazi and are determined to bring them to justice . " She told Wednesday 's hearings that the FBI is pursuing what she called "  very positive leads . " In her opening statement to both panels , Clinton said the Benghazi attack did n't happen in a vacuum but was part of a "  broader strategic challenge in North Africa and the wider region . " Clinton 's Benghazi statement : ` Not just a matter of policy -- it 's personal ' She defended her department 's response , saying there was "  timely " and "  exceptional " coordination between the State Department and the Pentagon on the night of the attack "  No delays in decision making . No denials of support from Washington or from the military , " Clinton said . The review panel 's report "  said our response saved American lives in real time -- and it did , " she added . Clinton also said she directed the response to the attack from the State Department that night and "  stayed in close contact with officials from across our government and the Libyan government . " In addition , Clinton said she immediately took steps to beef up security at U.S. posts around the world and to implement the review panel 's 29 recommendations . Clinton made clear that the security situation in North Africa and the Middle East remained threatening in the wake of the Arab Spring upheaval , with longtime leaders ousted in Egypt , Tunisia and Libya . The fledgling Libyan leadership turned out to be unable to fulfill traditional security commitments to the U.S. diplomatic compound , she said . Opinion : Benghazi blame game is useless "  What I found with the Libyans was willingness but not capacity , " she said . Clinton also warned that weapons from Libya have turned up in Algeria and elsewhere , adding that "  this Pandora 's Box if you will " represented a major security threat . "  The Arab Spring has ushered in a time when al Qaeda is on the rise , " she said . "  The world in many ways is even more dangerous because we lack a central command -LSB- in al Qaeda -RSB- and have instead these nodes that are scattered throughout North Africa and other places . " Clinton expressed particular concern at events in Mali , where well-armed Tuareg militia , who had been working for former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , came home just as al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  gravitated toward the area . The size and topography of northern Mali , with its endless desert and caves , made for a long but necessary struggle , she said , adding that "  we can not permit northern Mali to become a safe haven . " Opinion : Rand Paul vs. Hillary Clinton , clash of titans Overall , she said , at least 20 U.S. diplomatic outposts "  are under a serious threat environment as I speak to you . " Wednesday 's committee appearances were some of the last acts for Clinton before she leaves her post as long planned , and Clinton showed a personal side in discussing what happened . "  For me , this is not just a matter of policy , " she told the Senate panel . "  It 's personal . " In reference to the return of remains of the four slain Americans , Clinton said in a voice choked with emotion : "  I stood next to President Obama as the Marines carried those flag-draped caskets off the plane at Andrews . I put my arms around the mothers and fathers , sisters and brothers , sons and daughters . " Democrats on both panels made a point of praising Clinton 's service and noted that House Republicans have voted to cut funding for diplomatic security . However , Republicans rejected any connection between budget resources and vulnerability at the Benghazi compound , citing a report by a State Department financial officer . Clinton faces hearings with numbers on her side The hearings provided Republicans with a final opportunity to question Clinton , considered a possible presidential contender in 2016 , on camera before she leaves office . After the September attack , conservative Republicans focused on the issue to attack the Obama administration 's handling of the Libyan revolution and the overall Arab Spring upheaval . Several legislators made references on Wednesday to Clinton 's possible political future , with Republican Steve Chabot of Ohio drawing a laugh from the secretary when he said : "  I wish you the best in your future endeavors . Mostly . " Polls show strong public support for Clinton and her performance as secretary of state , with an ABC News/Washington Post survey released Wednesday showing 67 % of respondents had a favorable impression of her . Clinton was originally scheduled to testify last month but postponed her appearance as she was treated for illness , a concussion and a blood clot near her brain . The country 's top diplomat returned to work just over two weeks ago . Pentagon releases official timeline of Benghazi attack	Secretary of state completes more than five hours of sometimes contentious hearings Libya wanted to provide security , but lacked the capacity , Clinton said "  I take responsibility , " Clinton tells Senate committee Clinton 's appearance before Congress was delayed due to health issues
New York  CNN  -- For Muslims living in the United States , the call to prayer requires a response at least five times a day . But when the U.S. Census Bureau comes calling once every 10 years , some Arab-Americans still hesitate to return the survey . "  There 's a fear factor that this information may be used against you , or used for inappropriate reasons , " said Rami Nuseir , president of the American Mideast Leadership Network . He said a misunderstanding of the census translates into some Arab-Americans simply not filling out the form . His organization is working directly with the Census Bureau to educate the Arab-American community about the importance of the survey . "  By law , the Census Bureau can not share this information with the IRS , FBI , CIA or any other government agency , " said Nuseir . "  We 've been complaining about discrimination , we 've been complaining about lack of resources , and here this is a chance to tell the whole world we exist . " The 2000 census estimated there were 1.2 million Arab-Americans living in the United States . But the Arab American Institute says that number is too low . Based on community surveys and immigration data , the nonprofit group says the real number is closer to 4 million . Mailing back the census form has benefits for the entire country . Data gathered from the survey helps disburse nearly $ 400 billion in federal funding . In addition , legislative districts are redrawn based on population change , providing important adjustments for representation in Congress . Recently , high school students at the Razi School in Queens , New York , attended a presentation on the census , given by Nuseir . The Muslim school is just one of many institutions where the Census Bureau is conducting sessions on the survey , hoping to reach parents through their children . Amirelsamad Isi is a senior at the Razi School . After the presentation , he was optimistic his parents would return their household 's census form . "  In the beginning they might be a little scared , because everyone is scared . But when you learn the positive effects ... they 'll learn , and they can tell other people , " he said . In addition to sending its message into schools and mosques , the Census Bureau also has workers hitting the streets . Ahmed Shedeed , a Census Bureau partner specialist , was hired to specifically work the Arab-American community . For the past several months , he 's visited New York and New Jersey neighborhoods , encouraging households to return their forms . In Astoria , Queens , Shedeed handed out flyers printed in Arabic to bolster participation and dispel anxieties about the census . "  I came to this country almost three years ago , and I know the fear , " he said , handing the flyer to a young man outside a coffee shop . "  Everyone 's information is well-protected . " The results of efforts put forth by census workers like Shedeed are already being measured . The 2010 Census Web site has an interactive map that shows what percentage of any U.S. region 's population has returned the survey -- http://2010.census.gov/2010census/take10map/ . As of Thursday , the national return rate was 52 percent . New York State trailed the national rate , at 46 percent . New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg told CNN Thursday the rate of returns still lags in his city compared with the rest of the country . Thirty-seven percent in New York City have filled out the survey so far . Shedeed said he hopes his work pays off for Arab-Americans not just in Queens and not just in New York , but everywhere in the United States when the April 15 mailing deadline comes . "  It 's our participation that will make everybody 's life better , " said Shedeed . "  It 's important for our community to be known . "	Arab-Americans fear census information may be used against them , leader says "  Here is a chance to tell the whole world we exist , " Arab-American leader says National census return rate is 52 percent as of April 1
CNN  -- It 's truly the dog days of summer in the South . The heat wave that has encompassed many Southern states this week is not expected to loosen its grip in the coming days . Scorching high temperatures are in the forecast over the weekend in the North . Topeka , Kansas ; Kansas City , Missouri ; Omaha , Nebraska ; and Oklahoma City are several cities under an excessive heat watch Friday through Sunday . And little relief is expected next week . An area of high pressure is anticipated to circulate hot and humid air over much of the central and eastern part of the country , the National Weather Service said in a statement Thursday night . "  Heat index values in excess of 110 degrees are likely , " it said . Extreme heat indices -- how the air feels , with heat and humidity -- are expected to reach up to 116 degrees in Minneapolis next week . "  These are extreme out-of-the-ordinary temperatures for Minnesota , " CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said . Dallas , Fort Worth , Arlington and other areas in Texas experienced afternoon heat indices of 105 degrees or more through Thursday . The month of June was the hottest recorded for Texas since 1895 , according to the National Weather Service . Lawton , Oklahoma , and Wichita Falls , Texas , shot past the 100 mark for the area 's 16th consecutive day of triple-digit heat Thursday . In Oklahoma City , forecasters are calling for nearly another full week of temperatures near or above 100 degrees , threatening to break a 1936 record for 22 consecutive days of such heat . The heat has driven up the demand for water and shrunk soil , resulting in low water pressure and burst pipes in Oklahoma City . Officials issued mandatory water-use restrictions for the first time in at least a decade , according to utilities department spokeswoman Debbie Ragan . More than 200 people have suffered from heat-related emergencies in Tulsa and Oklahoma City since June 17 , when the agency issued its first heat alert , said Lara O'Leary , spokeswoman for the Emergency Medical Services Authority of Oklahoma . Forecasters say people should limit outdoor activity during the hottest times of day , wear lightweight clothing , drink plenty of water and watch for signs of heat exhaustion , which include heavy sweating , pale and clammy skin , a weak pulse , fainting and vomiting . At the peak of the past week 's heat wave , more than 20 states from the Plains to the Northeast were under heat advisories .	Heat wave hits many southern states this week Scorching high temperatures are in the forecast over the weekend in the North Little relief is expected next week Extreme heat indices are expected to reach up to 116 degrees in Minneapolis
CNN  -- A pop star wife , an estimated annual salary of $ 46 million and the most iconic player of this generation -- but to those who know the "  real " David Beckham , he is just a "  normal guy " and a "  devoted dad " . When Beckham announced his decision to retire from football Thursday , there was one man who had already anticipated such an event . Paul Clement , the assistant manager of Paris Saint-Germain , became a close confidante of his compatriot Beckham following the midfielder 's arrival in the French capital last January . Nights in his exclusive suite at Le Bristol hotel were luxurious , but the distance between the 38-year-old and the rest of his family is believed to be one of the key factors in his decision to retire . While his former Spice Girl wife , Victoria , remained at home with children Brooklyn , Romeo , Cruz and Harper , Beckham spent time talking through his troubles to a man with a sympathetic ear . "  The impression from the very first time we met was that he was a devoted dad , " Clement told CNN . "  He was very hands-on with the kids and , talking to people who knew him , I knew he wanted to be involved . "  I think that being away from his family , them being in London and him being in Paris , was difficult for him . "  We used to talk about our kids all the time and he asked me questions and we chatted about schooling and what they were up to . "  He missed them and I think that was a huge part of his decision to call it a day . I just had a feeling he might retire . " In an exclusive interview with CNN last month , Beckham spoke of the difficulty of being away from his family . "  That 's the sacrifice I have to make as a father and as a husband : being away from my family , " Beckham said . "  It is only for a short time , but it 's difficult being away from the children every single day . But they understand it . They understand that Daddy works hard . " It is an experience which has caused some anguish for the former England captain , who takes great pride in being both a father and a husband , but has had to balance that with a busy traveling schedule . Not only has he played in Spain , the United States and Italy , he has also kept up his many business and charity commitments and recently agreed to become a football ambassador for China . "  The kids have moved across the world and I think he wanted them to have some stability , " added Clement . "  The oldest , Brooklyn , is 14 now and it 's important for him to get his education and feel settled and I think David felt that was crucial . "  It was great to have him around and talk , but I 've got my family here and that 's been so good for me . "  David has four kids and he really missed them . They 're a tight unit and he found it difficult . " For Clement , Beckham 's arrival came at time of personal tragedy . His friend and colleague , PSG 's former nutritionist Nick Broad , died in a highway accident last January . It was a period of great difficulty for Clement on a personal level and for all of those at the club . But in Beckham , he found somebody to confide in and talk to -- a man completely different to that portrayed in fashion magazines and tabloid newspapers . "  He 's just a normal guy , " said Clement . "  He 's quite shy in his own way , but he 's good to be around and he likes to have a laugh and be with his friends . "  For me , it was great that he was there just after Nick died because that was an awful time . "  It was great to have him around . It was a bit weird at first , because I 'd read so much about him through the press and had my own impression . "  But speaking to people who knew him , I knew he was an absolute gentleman . For somebody so famous , he 's just a normal guy . He 's very professional , does all the right things and is a great example to the younger players . " Despite his advancing years , Beckham appeared to be in peak condition , showing a level of fitness which would embarrass some of the younger players in the PSG squad . But while he may have yet been able to continue playing , the off-field situation gave an inkling of what was to come , according to Clement . "  I had a feeling it might happen and he 's going out at the top , which is the way he would like it , " he added . "  He could have continued on a football level because he 's certainly fit enough . But he might have been a bit-part player next season or had to move to another club and I think he wanted to go out at the very top . "  He 's really enjoyed being in Paris and competing at a high level after time in the U.S. . He may have not thought it would have ever happened again , but he made the most of it . " While Beckham will curtail his time in Paris at the end of the season , Clement hopes to remain to continue his work alongside manager Carlo Ancelotti . But although the midfielder will exit following the final game against Lorient on May 27 , his time at the club will not be forgotten . "  It 's nice to work with good players , " said Clement . "  But it 's more important to work with good people . "	David Beckham found it difficult without wife and children in Paris Beckham described as a "  devoted dad " by Paris Saint-Germain colleague PSG assistant manager Paul Clement pays tribute to midfielder Clement says he had a feeling Beckham would retire at end of season
At least two of the vials employees at the National Institutes of Health found in an unused storage room earlier this month contain viable samples of the deadly smallpox virus , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday . Employees found six forgotten vials when they were preparing to move a lab from the Food and Drug Administration 's Bethesda , Maryland , campus to a different location . The laboratory had been used by the NIH but was transferred to the FDA in 1972 . When the scientists found the vials , they immediately put them in a containment lab and on July 1 notified the branch of the government that deals with toxic substances , called the Division of Select Agents and Toxins . The CDC said previously there is no evidence that any of the vials was breached , nor were any of the lab workers exposed to the virus . On Monday , law enforcement agencies transferred the vials to the CDC 's high-containment facility in Atlanta . The CDC is one of only two official World Health Organization designated repositories for smallpox . CDC Director Tom Frieden said his scientists worked through the night on the samples as soon as they got them . Testing confirmed that there was variola DNA in the vials . Additional test results showed "  evidence of growth " in samples from two of the vials , suggesting that the smallpox virus is alive . The other four vials still need to be tested for evidence of growth , Frieden said Friday . After their investigation is complete , the CDC will destroy the vials and all the growth that came out of them . The World Health Organization will oversee that destruction . Smallpox , known also by its scientific name as variola , was the deadly virus that was the scourge of civilization for centuries . It 's been considered an eradicated disease since 1980 , following successful worldwide vaccination programs . The last known outbreak in the U.S. was in 1947 in New York . Childhood vaccination programs are safe , seriously The vials were created February 10 , 1954 ; that is before the smallpox eradication campaign began . Frieden says that the NIH is currently scouring their buildings to make sure there are no other surprises left in unused storerooms . He says the problem in this case is not in the creation of the vials ; the discovery points to a "  problem in inventory control . " Smallpox Fast Facts Anthrax investigation turns up ` distressing ' issues at CDC	At least two smallpox vials found at the NIH contain viable samples of the virus NIH employees found six forgotten vials in an unused storage room CDC still testing four vials ; NIH is making sure there is no other missing inventory
CNN  -- Clint Hurdle had lost his mind . What other explanation made sense , after the man chose the Pittsburgh Pirates when he might have been manager of the New York Mets ? The Pirates ? That once-proud franchise had just suffered through its 18th straight losing season , a record for professional sports teams in North America and perhaps any other continent . The Pirates were a blight on the "  City of Champions . " Kids were heading off to college with no memory of watching a winning baseball team . If you asked a Pittsburgher to talk Steelers or Penguins , he 'd stay all day . Bring up the Pirates , he 'd walk away . SI : Sports ' perennial losers The Pirates were the taboo topic , the crazy uncle of the local sporting scene -- and there was zero hope of snapping the streak this season . This team was 57-105 last year . It had one of the worst pitching staffs of the modern era and was bringing back four of the five starting pitchers ! The big off season acquisitions in the field were journeymen Lyle Overbay and Matt Diaz . The payroll , as always , was going to be measured in pennies instead of dollars . Yet , on November 15 , the day he was introduced to his new city , Hurdle , 53 , seemed downright jovial . Either that , or downright delusional . "  We 're going to get this done , " he said . "  This is eventually going to turn . There 's no doubt in my mind that it 's going to turn . I wanted to get on board because I believe now is the time it 's going to start turning . " Flash forward eight months , to Wednesday morning on Pittsburgh 's "  Parkway , " one the main thoroughfares leading to PNC Park . In the midst of a wicked heat spell , fans were honking horns and waving brooms out their car windows -- and not because they wanted to sweep away the remnants of another lost season . Rather , it was because the Pirates -- the ` Bucs ' or ` Buccos ' in local parlance -- had a chance to sweep the defending National League Central Division champion Cincinnati Reds in a three-game series and solidify their grip on first place . First place ? Yes , the Pirates have spent time there this late in a season for the first time since 1997 . They own their best late-July record  51-45  since 1992 . Their 3-1 loss Wednesday , which pushed them a half-game behind the Milwaukee Brewers , hardly dampened the enthusiasm for this weekend 's series against superstar Albert Pujols and the St. Louis Cardinals . It is the most-anticipated series in the history of 10-year-old PNC Park , widely regarded as the most beautiful ballpark in the major leagues . Tickets remain only for Sunday 's series finale . If this keeps up -- if the Pirates somehow manage to make the playoffs -- it might well be the sport 's most unlikely story since the 1969 New York Mets . The Amazin ' Mets had n't posted a single winning season before winning it all in ' 69 . The Amazin ' Bucs , with their $ 45 million payroll , have won series against the filthy rich Boston Red Sox and Philadelphia Phillies and are talking about adding players before Major League Baseball 's July 31 trade deadline . They are doing this despite a spate of injuries that took away their top three catchers and their promising third baseman , Pedro Alvarez . No wonder The New York Times and Sports Illustrated have scheduled reporters to cover this weekend 's series . They will find all around them evidence of a deadened fan base sprung to life . Neil Walker used to be one of the tortured fans . A Pittsburgh native , he is now the Pirates ' second baseman and leads the team with 62 runs batted in . "  What I 'm seeing more often is the 20-something fan , young people at the ballpark who want to see us play , " Walker said . "  A lot of people have said to a lot of us in here , ` Thanks for making us Pirates fans again . ' " For old-time fans , the team 's resurgence has rekindled pleasant memories of the World Series titles of 1960 , '71 and ' 79 , part of a rich , 125-history in the National League . The franchise has won five World Series in all and have produced iconic players such as Honus Wagner , Roberto Clemente and Willie Stargell . SI : Everyone loves a Cinderella story ; this year baseball has two With attendance up nearly 20 % from last season , the Pirates have a chance to attract 2 million fans for the first time since PNC Park opened . Television ratings are up 66 % from July of last season and 40 % overall -- including three of the top 10-rated games since 1994 . The team soon will make its first appearances on national television since 2002 . Sports-talk radio 93.7 The Fan is lined with Pirates callers all day . Sports merchandise stores are reporting unfathomable increases in Pirates-related sales . Trey Carlstrom can tell you about that . He is the Chicago-based owner of The Pittsburgh Fan , a sports apparel shop across the street from PNC Park . He has a similar store next to Wrigley Field in Chicago . He is giddy over the 51 % rise in Pirates-related sales . "  I wish we could turn Pittsburgh into the kind of atmosphere we have at Wrigley , " he said . "  It helps if you have a good team , that 's for sure . " Hurdle , who managed the Colorado Rockies to the National League pennant in 2007 , ca n't go anywhere without people giving him advice . "  I carry a notebook , " he says , laughing . Previous managers carried only the pain of constant mockery amid another disastrous season . It 's a challenge trying to identify the low point of the 18-year losing streak , which started the year Barry Bonds left for San Francisco as a free agent . There have been so many , including a ticket-price increase after the 100-loss season that christened PNC Park  season-ticket prices have not been raised since  and the giveaway of homegrown third baseman Aramis Ramirez in 2003 . But this one might top -- or bottom -- them all : The Pirates flew in Pittsburgh-born actor Michael Keaton to throw out the ceremonial first pitch at their 2006 home opener , only to see him rip ownership at a pregame news conference . "  I fear they will take advantage of the good will of the people who continue to show up , " Keaton said that day . "  For my money , that 's disrespectful . At some point , you either have to write the check or do something and not assume , well , we 're OK and ultimately the franchise is valuable anyway , like Donald Sterling did with the Los Angeles Clippers . " The way the Pirates were going , the Clippers should have been insulted at such comparisons . By 2007 , newspaper magnate Bob Nutting had replaced Kevin McClatchy as the club 's principal owner -- and principle villain . He was viewed as a cheapskate interested only in the bottom line . That perception has n't disappeared , but Nutting began writing some significant checks shortly after he took control . The Pirates have spent more on the amateur draft than any team in the majors over the past three years and have invested heavily in Latin America , most prominently in the construction of a $ 5 million training academy in the Dominican Republic . Where once Nutting was ridiculed on the streets , he now is praised . Sometimes . "  I said last year that fans deserved to be angry ; I was angry , too , " Nutting told the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review . "  There 's nothing wrong with that . But I also can say that I believed from the beginning in the steps we were taking to restore championship-caliber baseball to Pittsburgh . Some of those have taken longer . Some are starting to bear fruit . And many of them are n't even here yet . " Meanwhile , general manager Neal Huntington and team president Frank Coonelly engineered a complete overhaul after Nutting hired them late in the 2007 season . "  The Plan , " as locals call it , has n't worked out perfectly , but Huntington brought some critical pieces to Pittsburgh , including All-Star closer Joel Hanrahan and starting pitchers Charlie Morton , Kevin Correia , Jeff Karstens and James McDonald . Homegrown players such as center fielder Andrew McCutchen and Walker have begun to blossom . New pitching coach Ray Searage has overseen a dramatic turnaround of the staff , the key component of the team 's resurgence . Well , that and the hiring of Hurdle , who has created an atmosphere equal parts intense and relaxed . On one hand , Hurdle has not been afraid to instill discipline , such as when he benched the team 's best player , McCutchen , for failing to run out a dropped third strike . On the other , players will tell you Hurdle has made the game fun again . They know they wo n't be punished for mistakes of aggression , and they know Hurdle 's personality will not change from day to day . He will be energized and approachable . Decades in the game -- as a player , coach and manager -- have taught Hurdle that a 162-game season is a marathon , not a sprint . "  The attitude has changed , " McCutchen said . "  We 've been pretty much neutral when it comes to winning and losing . We 're not down when we lose , and it 's not like we 're up that much when we win . We know what we have ahead of us . " If the season 's first four months are any indication , the Pirates have ahead of them plenty of pressure-packed , fun-to-watch baseball . Ask a Pittsburgher about that . He 'll talk all day .	The Pittsburgh Pirates are fighting for first place in the National League 's Central Division They have endured 18 straight losing seasons and were not expected to do well this year New manager Clint Hurdle promised to turn the team around when he took over before this season The Pirates start a key series against the Cardinals Friday in Pittsburgh
CNN  -- Greece state broadcaster ERT is back on the air after being shut down by the government in June . The government , facing severe economic problems , had said earlier it decided to close the broadcaster while it created a smaller operation to cut costs . That prompted protests , and the European Broadcast Union president urged Greece to reconsider . In June , the country 's top court ordered the government to restart ERT . The new signal is airing only old movies and documentaries , not live programs , according to government spokesman Simos Kedikoglou . Live broadcasts will be made later , Kedikoglou said . ERT had earlier said the decision to shut down the broadcaster meant 2,656 employees would lose their jobs . On Wednesday , employees still seemed very upset . They were holding a sit-in at ERT headquarters , lambasting what they called "  a fake imitation ERT . " CNN 's Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	Greek broadcaster ERT is back on the air The government said it shut down the broadcaster to save money In June , the country 's top court ordered the government to restart ERT
CNN  -- With hundreds of millions of Africans owning mobile phones , citizens are becoming increasingly well connected . This is providing a powerful opportunity for citizens to access critical information about their parliaments and to report on human rights violations , corruption and poor service delivery . These interventions are amplifying the voices of marginalized communities and helping citizens to hold governments to account . For citizens to actively participate in democracy , it is critical that they are able to access information on parliamentary proceedings and elected representatives . MySociety is contributing to this process . It has partnered with local organizations across Africa to build sites like Mzalendo in Kenya and Odekro in Ghana , which enable citizens to access information about parliamentary proceedings and their elected representatives , rate their MPs and gain a better understanding about government 's inner workings . They 've taken this process one step further in South Africa . The Open Democracy Advice Centre has created a platform where citizens can submit Freedom of Information Requests . A data repository has been created online , enabling journalists , analysts and campaigners to utilize this information to hold government to account and campaign for improved service delivery . Read this : 10 African tech startups you need to know There 's a real thirst for this information in Africa . In Nigeria , a simple application created by developer Pledge 51 enables citizens to access their constitution by mobile phone and has been downloaded more than 750,000 times . During protests sparked by last year 's fuel crisis , where an increase in the price of fuel resulted in soaring commodity prices , this enabled citizens to exercise their rights against police forces . Misinformation fueled this crisis , with few citizens understanding the new fuel subsidy payment or oil revenue share in their country . A local organization called BudgIT aimed to address this by generating simple infographics which took citizens through these complex processes in a visual format . Utilizing the power of social media , this sparked more informed debates and dialogue that contributed to restoring order . The team has since produced a whole series of images that breakdown the Nigerian budget by state and sector , enabling citizens to better understand the country 's budget and to utilize this information to ensure that allocated funds are translated into improved services . Across the continent , platforms are being developed that enable citizens to use SMS from basic phones to report challenges in service delivery . In the impoverished Khayelitsha township in Cape Town , residents have submitted around 3,000 reports on issues like poor sanitation , electricity and transport to the Lungisa platform from their mobile phones , Facebook and the web . Remarkably , most of the issues have been resolved by the city council . Read this : African innovation can take on the world In Northern Uganda , the brutal Lord 's Resistance Army conflict has displaced hundreds of thousands of people , leaving infrastructure and service delivery in dire straits . A Peace , Recovery and Development Plan has been put in place but progress is limited . Only a few health centers have been established , there 's a severe shortage of drugs , medical workers and equipment and corruption is commonplace . CIPESA has created a platform populated with information on health programs being implemented in the region and citizen journalists are able to submit reports , photographs and audio footage describing the real situation on the ground , whilst Voluntary Sector Accountability Committees established by WOUGNET are utilizing a similar platform to report on corrupt practices and poor governance . The data collected is being used by the NGOs to hold government to account and advocate for improved services . In many African countries , youth often feel excluded from the political process . As young people are the biggest consumers of technology , platforms are being developed that enable them to become more actively engaged . In Kenya , Youth Agenda is utilizing an SMS platform to encourage youth to vet their leaders according to policies and attributes instead of along tribal lines . The platform is also used to gauge political opinion . The feedback is collated into reports which are fed into government , giving youth a voice and allowing them to contribute to the development of policy . Until 2009 , Kibera -- one of the world 's largest slums and home to more than 250,000 people -- appeared only as a blank on online maps . This made it easy for government to ignore the needs of its citizens . Map Kibera has equipped young activists with GPS-enabled phones and has supported them in creating a map of the region , part of a wider program that empowers youth to raise awareness of the challenges faced by their communities and advocate for change . Read this : Tech hub working on ` next big idea ' Plan Cameroon has taken this process a step further in three districts . Once youth have mapped their area , they populate the map with data on service delivery such as access to water points , clean water and hygiene facilities . Local councilors and activists are utilizing this data to mobilize the involved communities to demand better services and advocate for change . Technology applications can be developed anywhere and what 's exciting about many of these initiatives is that they 're being devised locally . Technology innovation hubs are springing up across the continent . These state-of-the-art facilities enable technologists and social activists to access high-speed internet , events and mentoring , as well as creating a collaborative environment that galvanizes the tech community . This is beginning to have a significant effect on the number and quality of projects being developed locally . Homegrown solutions are often most effective , as local communities are best able to understand the complex local needs , behaviors and nuances . Some of these hubs such as Jozi Hub in Johannesburg and Co-Creation Hub in Lagos , Nigeria , have targeted programs to support transparency initiatives , thus catalyzing this process . Undoubtedly , technology is n't a panacea for all social problems . And at times , such as when the technology utilized is n't locally available or where governments lack capacity to respond to issues being reported it can be entirely inappropriate . However , when combined with well devised programs , their power to reach the previously unreachable and to bring the voices of citizens closer to government makes them a significant contributor to the process of ensuring that government 's best serve the interests of their citizens . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Loren Treisman .	Mobile phones are helping African citizens hold their governments to account Loren Treisman : "  There 's a real thirst for this information in Africa " Technology can help ensure governments serve the interests of their citizens , she says
CNN  -- The world of Formula One may seem an unlikely source of inspiration for a major carbon-cutting initiative , but technology used for coordinating pit-stops is primed to slash emissions from airports across the globe . According to Britain 's National Air Traffic Services  NATS  , more than half the planes landing at London 's Heathrow airport are stuck in circles overhead -- often for 20 minutes at a time -- as they wait for its congested runways to clear . NATS says the carbon cost of this pile-up in the sky is an estimated 600 tons a day . And this is where McLaren , the hugely successful Formula One team behind former world champions Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button , have come in with an unexpected solution . Over the years the company has developed modeling software to analyze live racing data and visualize a range of potential scenarios -- allowing pit crews to make strategic decisions in the blink of an eye -- all in an effort to get their cars back out onto the racetrack milliseconds ahead of their competitors . It 's this ground-level tracking technology that could hold the key to unlocking congestion , reducing CO2 emissions by streamlining the way aircraft make their own pit-stops once they 've landed -- dropping off passengers , refueling and departing again with F1 efficiency . This similarity between a motor race and an airport runway was first observed by Peter Tomlinson , head of aviation data solutions at NATS , while attending a workshop on cross-industry collaboration at McLaren 's UK technology center three years ago . "  It became clear that the pit-stop in a race track , with cars coming in , changing tyres and refueling and going out again actually is pretty similar to an aircraft arriving at the airport , parking at the gate , passengers getting off , refueling and going out , " said the air traffic veteran , who has over 30 years experience in the industry . The beauty of McLaren 's system is that it reduces the complexity of a racetrack into a circle "  so at the point of decision , presentation of the data is very simple , which allows the engineer in a very stressful environment to make the right strategic decision and also see the data in a very clear , crisp format , " said Tomlinson . For the last three years NATS has been working with McLaren 's engineers to map Heathrow 's taxiways and runways -- much as they do a Formula One track . But now , says Tomlinson , in place of a race strategist the system is operated by Heathrow 's air traffic control , and instead of a circle the airport 's network of runways and taxi lanes are represented by a simple rectangle -- enabling planes to be guided around the airport with greater ease and accuracy once they 've landed . The collaboration has been "  groundbreaking " according to Geoff McGrath , managing director of McLaren Applied Technologies -- the F1 team 's tech division . "  To my knowledge this is a first -- NATS has invested in this because there is nothing like it available , " he added . The system is now in its "  proof of concept " stage and hopes are high that it will be used by airports around the world within a year . "  Think in terms of the environmental benefits of that , " enthused Tomlinson . "  Large airports with about 1300 to 1400 flights a day - if you save just one minute of taxi time per flight on average , that equates to one day 's worth of taxi time - and that 's how much we could save using McLaren 's technology . "	London 's Heathrow airport hopes to cut C02 emissions by using motor racing technology Software developed by F1 's McLaren reduces waiting time in pit-stops Britain 's National Air Traffic Services , software could be use to cut air congestion
Skin cancer is on the rise , according to the American Cancer Society , with more cases diagnosed annually than breast , prostate , lung and colon cancer cases combined . On Tuesday , the United States surgeon general issued a call to action to prevent the disease , calling it a major public health problem that requires immediate action . Nearly 5 million people are treated for skin cancer each year . "  Until today , the surgeon general has never said , ` UV radiation is bad for you ; protect your skin , ' " acting Surgeon General Dr. Boris Lushniak said . The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has set five goals for communities to decrease the risk of skin cancer , such as providing shade at parks , schools and other public spaces , and reducing indoor tanning . A dermatologist himself , Lushniak said it 's important for parents to teach their children about sun safety , just as they would dental care and eating healthily . "  We have to change the social norms about tanning , " he said . "  Tanned skin is damaged skin , and we need to shatter the myth that tanned skin is a sign of health . " Melanoma , the deadliest form of skin cancer because of how fast it spreads to other parts of the body , accounts for only 2 % of skin cancer cases but is responsible for the majority of skin cancer deaths , according to the American Cancer Society . Each year , more than 63,000 cases of melanoma are diagnosed in the United States , and 9,000 people die from it . From 1973 to 2011 , melanoma rates increased more than 200 % , according to the Department of Health and Human Services . The National Cancer Institute reported that melanoma is the most common form of cancer in adults ages 25 to 29 and second most common for young adults aged 15 to 29 . To reduce the risk of skin cancer , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends wearing a hat , sunglasses and protective clothing and using sunscreen with an SPF of at least 15 . On Monday , the House of Representatives passed the Sunscreen Innovation Act . The bill includes a review process for all manufacturers submitting a new sunscreen to the Food and Drug Administration , with a deadline for the FDA to provide final decisions : one year for pending applications and 1 1/2 years for new ones . The last over-the-counter sunscreen ingredient approved by the FDA was in 1999 , according to the Public Access to SunScreens Coalition . Eight new sunscreen applications have since been filed with the FDA . All are still waiting for review , the coalition says ; some have been waiting for over a decade . Ecamsule was approved as a new sunscreen active ingredient in 2008 , according to the FDA , allowing it to be marketed as the specific product provided in the application , Helioblock SX . However , Ecamsule is still under review to be added as an approved sunscreen ingredient that all manufacturers are free to use . The current policy requires the FDA to undergo an extensive rule-making process before reviewing any new product application and adding it to the approved list , according to coalition policy director Michael Werner . This can take years , making the process inefficient . "  This law takes out the rule-making aspect and allows the FDA to simply issue a decision , " Werner said . Many of the new sunscreens awaiting approval in the United States have been available in Europe , Central Asia and South America for years . Generally speaking , the ingredients waiting for approval are simply newer types of UVA filters than are currently being used , Werner said , but they differ slightly by manufacturer . "  The FDA will issue responses to the safety and efficacy data submitted for each ingredient in the near future , " FDA spokeswoman Andrea Fischer wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  We are committed to completing the TEA  Time and Extent Application  process for the sunscreen active ingredients currently under review as quickly as possible , consistent with available agency resources and competing public health priorities . " Indoor tanning is also a major contributor to skin cancer . It 's estimated that more than 400,000 cases of skin cancer each year are related to indoor tanning , 6,000 of which are melanomas , according to Assistant Secretary for Health Dr. Howard Koh . Sunlamps and tanning beds get FDA warning There are laws requiring minors to have parental consent in 44 states , but only 10 prohibit minors from indoor tanning altogether . According to the CDC , about 30 % of white women ages 18 to 25 report indoor tanning . "  The concern with indoor tanning is the concentrated burst of high-intensity UV rays on uncovered skin , " Lushniak said . "  Although it 's only a short burst , it 's a higher intensity than what one would experience outdoors . " Two-thirds of adults reported having a sunburn in 2010 , according to the CDC . Because a single sunburn increases a person 's risk for skin cancer , Lushniak said that it 's important for people to realize that sun safety applies to everyone , even if you 're not fair-skinned . "  We know that the risk level for skin cancer decreases with more skin pigmentation , " he said . "  But no one is immune . All races are still diagnosed and still affected by UV rays . " Medical myths : What doctors thought they did n't need to say Sunscreen 101 : Do n't forget your nose Some melanoma patients do n't protect skin New Jersey bans minors from tanning beds	U.S. surgeon general issues a call to action to prevent skin cancer Goals include providing more shade and reducing harm from indoor tanning About 5 million people are treated for skin cancer annually A new bill may encourage the FDA to approve new UVA filters
CNN  -- A Polish court has ordered the detention of a man accused of holding his daughter captive for six years and repeatedly raping her , ultimately fathering two children with her . The accusations recall the case of Josef Fritzl , who kept his daughter captive for 24 years and fathered seven children . The man , whose name was not released , was arrested Monday , Polish national police said in a statement . The court on Tuesday ordered him jailed for three months pending a trial . The charges against him were not immediately known . Police said they arrested the man at the train station in Siedlce , a town between Warsaw and the border with Belarus . Police said they believed he was trying to escape abroad . The investigation began last week when the man 's 21-year-old daughter approached police in Siemiatycze , in eastern Poland , accompanied by her mother , police said . The daughter spent several hours talking with a policewoman , detailing her alleged ordeal over the past six years , police said . She described living through a "  hell " that involved rape , beatings , and being kept as a slave , police said . In 2005 , the woman said , she gave birth to a boy at a hospital in Wroclaw , in southwestern Poland , police said . Two years later , in 2007 , she gave birth to a boy at a hospital in Siemiatycze , in eastern Poland , also near the border with Belarus , police said . Both times , the woman told police , she left the baby in the hospital , a common practice in Poland when the mother wants to give her children up for adoption , police said . Police did not say how the daughter managed to escape her alleged ordeal or whether the mother was aware of what had gone on . Police themselves acknowledged many facts were still unclear . "  There are still a lot of questions to which answers have to be found , " the statement from the national police said . The case has drawn comparisons to the shocking incest case in Austria in which Josef Fritzl is accused of holding his daughter captive in an underground network of tiny rooms for 24 years . Fritzl repeatedly raped his daughter , Elisabeth , and fathered seven children with her , six of whom survived . All of the children were born in captivity . That case became public when Elisabeth 's oldest child , 19-year-old Kerstin , became ill and fell unconscious in April . Elisabeth persuaded her father to let her bring Kerstin to a hospital , where staff grew suspicious and called police , who opened an investigation and uncovered the abuse . Kerstin and her family are now recovering and slowly adapting to modern life , Austrian authorities have said . CNN 's Diana Magnay in Berlin and Antonia Mortensen in London contributed to this report .	Daughter accuses Polish man of holding her captive 6 years , fathering 2 sons Police detained 45-year-old man in eastern city of Siedlce Officers to conduct tests on boys to determine if the man is their father Recalls case of Austria 's Josef Fritzl , accused of holding daughter for 24 years
CNN  -- There has been much controversy about the two-game suspension the NFL handed down in July to Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice . Rice was caught on a security camera in February pulling his fiancÃ © e , Janay Palmer  now his wife , Janay Rice  , unconscious from an elevator . He was charged with aggravated assault . That 's right , two games . I have something to say to NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell . Dear Roger , We thought you really cared . We believed you when you said you wanted to create a more welcoming NFL game for women . And all of us were touched by the compassion you showed with your Breast Cancer Awareness campaign , even though those hot pink cleats disturbingly clashed with every NFL uniform . Mr. Commissioner , you even talked endlessly about making NFL stadiums around the nation more family-friendly . And despite all the disturbing medical reports of NFL players with life-threatening concussions , you have worked tirelessly to try to convince us moms that the game remains safe for our precious sons .  I forgave you for stretching the truth past all the medical evidence on that one .  And still , we thought : Now that man really cares . What a guy . We repaid your good deeds by watching the games in record numbers , helping the league boost its television ratings . We even started turning up at stadiums around the nation and buying all those form-fitting team-branded outfits now made for women . The NFL reported earnings of more than $ 9 billion last year , thanks in large part to women , who make up nearly 45 % of the league 's fan base . So , knowing you as we do , there was no doubt that you 'd send down the harshest penalty possible for Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice after he was caught on camera dragging his then-fiancee , Janay , like a rag doll out of the elevator . Surely , you , like all the rest of us , must have been appalled by Rice 's actions . Roger will handle it , we thought . No way the commissioner who prides himself on being tough on players who step out of line will let this atrocious behavior go unpunished . What fools we have been . A two-game suspension ? You repay our loyalty with an insult ? And you expect us to accept that -- to keep on supporting your game ? Not happening here . You 've shown us your true face . And sadly , you , Mr. Commissioner are a fake , a fraud , a liar . Turns out you never really cared about women at all . Where is the indignation and outrage you showed the world when handing down the indefinite suspension for NFL quarterback Michael Vick in 2007 after he admitted his role in a dogfighting ring ? "  Your admitted conduct is not only illegal , but also cruel and reprehensible . ... Your team , fans and the NFL have all been hurt by your actions , " you wrote to Vick in a formal letter from the league . "  Your career , freedom and your public standing are now in the most serious jeopardy . I hope that you will be able to learn from this difficult experience and emerge from it better prepared to act responsibly and to make the kinds of choices that are expected of a conscientious and law-abiding citizen . " By your lights , it sounds like dogs are more important than women . Or perhaps you subscribe to the philosophy of my misguided colleague , sports commentator Stephen A. Smith , who raised the issue of whether Rice 's wife somehow brought an "  element of provocation " into the situation . Rightfully , Smith was suspended for a week by ESPN . But at least he has faced his critics . You , Mr. Goodell , were hiding out in your NFL ivory tower until you were forced to face the league 's female fans and try to defend the indefensible . It 's good to know where we stand with you now , Roger . We should have known that you were just stringing us along . Saying all the right words . Sadly , we love this game so much it was easy to look the other way . Easy to believe . But you 've gone too far . It 's time for us to fight back . I 'm declaring week three , Sunday , September 21 , 1:00 p.m. an NFL blackout day in my house . That 's the game when Rice is scheduled to return to the field after serving his paltry suspension . And I 'm urging every woman I know to do the same . The blackout continues until we hear your apology . You do n't take 45 % of your customers for granted . Because , in case you did n't know , Roger , without women watching the NFL , you lose . And we are keeping score .	Roxanne Jones : Goodell , NFL commissioner , talked good line on NFL welcoming female fans She says women 45 % of league base ; might have expected harsh penalty for Ray Rice But he got light slap . Michael Vick , of dogfighting notoriety , had harsh punishment , she says Jones : Goodell shows what he thinks of women . She urges NFL blackout when Rice returns
CNN  -- David Villa looks set to swap Catalonia for the Spanish capital after Barcelona announced it had agreed a deal to sell the striker to Atletico Madrid . Villa , who is the Spanish national team 's all-time leading goalscorer , could cost the 2013 Spanish Cup winners as much as $ 6.5 million . "  FC Barcelona and Atletico Madrid have reached an agreement in principle for the transfer of David Villa , " read a statement from Spanish title holders Barca . "  The deal is set to bring Barca a maximum of â ‚ ¬ 5.1 million , with â ‚ ¬ 2.1 m due this season , â ‚ ¬ 2m more if Villa stays at Atletico next year and another million should he be at the Madrid club the season after . "  Barca also reserves the right to 50 % of any sell on fee in the future . " Villa joined Barca from Valencia in 2010 and has gone on to score 48 goals in 119 games . The 31-year-old has scored 56 goals in 92 matches for Spain and was part of his country 's victorious squads at the European Championships in 2008 and 2012 and the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . Villa suffered a broken leg at the 2012 Club World Cup and , since recovering from the injury , has struggled to command a regular place in Barca 's starting line-up . Villa had been heavily linked with a switch to the English Premier League , with Tottenham Hotspur rumored to be interested in the forward . Meanwhile , French defender Eric Abidal has returned to his first professional club Monaco after his Barcelona contract expired at the end of last season . The 33-year-old left back , who can also play at centre half , has signed a three-year deal in the principality and becomes the latest big-name to head to the newly-promoted club . Abidal has spent much of the last two years battling a liver tumor which led to a liver transplant in March 2012 . Monaco , owned by Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev , won the French Second Division last season and have prepared for life back in the top tier with a host of high profile signings . Colombian striker Radamel Falcao has joined from Atletico , with Joao Moutinho and James Rodriguez also recruited from Porto .	Barcelona reach an agreement with Atletico Madrid for sale of David Villa The deal is worth up to $ 6.5 million over the next three years Villa is the highest goalscorer in the history of the Spanish national team Former Barca defender Eric Abidal joins Monaco on a three-year contract
