CNN  -- The driver who collided with a vehicle driven by Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps will be cited for failure to stop at a red light , police said Friday . Michael Phelps ' black Cadillac Escalade collided with another vehicle at an intersection , police say . But the gold medal winner will also be cited -- for failure to present a valid driver 's license and for failure to establish a Maryland residency and obtain a Maryland driver 's license -- in connection with his involvement Thursday in a car wreck , police said Friday . At the scene , he presented a Michigan driver 's license , which police determined "  was not valid , " said Baltimore , Maryland , police spokesman Anthony Guglielmi . Phelps was driving one of two vehicles that collided at an intersection about 9 p.m. , Guglielmi said . The female driver of the second vehicle was transported to a local hospital as a precaution , Guglielmi said . Phelps and his two passengers were uninjured . Video from CNN affiliate WBAL showed Phelps ' black Cadillac Escalade at the crash site . Watch wrecked cars at the intersection " Phelps won a record eight gold medals at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing , China . Earlier this year , he was suspended from organized competitive swimming after a photo of him holding a bong -- a device commonly used to smoke marijuana -- surfaced in February . CNN 's Scott Spoerry contributed to this report .	Michael Phelps will be cited for failure to present a valid driver 's license Olympic champ driving one of 2 vehicles in Baltimore crash Female driver of 2nd vehicle taken to a hospital as a precaution , police say Crash is under investigation , police spokesman says
CNN  Yes , some awards are given away at the Grammys , but the most exciting part of the evening is always the performances . The 57th annual Grammy Awards on Sunday evening looks to be all about the duets and group performances , with Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett pairing up as well as Common and John Legend , Hozier and Annie Lennox , Mary J. Blige and Sam Smith , Beck and Coldplay 's Chris Martin , and Tom Jones with Jessie J . There will also be trio and group performances including Rihanna , Kanye West and Paul McCartney , as well as Herbie Hancock , John Mayer and Questlove with Ed Sheeran . But that 's not all to look out for at this year 's biggest night for the music industry . You might also want to stay tuned for : A special performance by Beyonce Common confirmed to Rolling Stone that the superstar singer will introduce his and John Legend 's performance with a small performance of her own . Beyonce will sing "  Take My Hand , Precious Lord . " "  That 's a whole other level , to have her singing ` Precious Lord . ' I 'm excited , " Common told the magazine . Singer Ledisi portrays the late gospel singer Mahalia Jackson in the film "  Selma , " and her character sings the song to the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . Photos : Beyonce through the years Twice the Kanye The rapper will not only play "  FourFiveSeconds " with Rihanna and Paul McCartney , he will also do a separate performance . He is up for two awards this year : best rap/sung collaboration and best rap song for "  Bound 2 " with Charlie Wilson . His current single , "  Only One , " is a tribute to his late mother  also featuring Paul McCartney  . One never knows what to expect from the polarizing performer . Will we see Sia ? The powerful singer is notoriously shy and performs with her back to the audience . In 2014 , she sang her hit "  Chandelier " for Grammy.com and never turned around . But how will she handle singing in the 20,000-seat Staples Center in Los Angeles before an audience of millions around the world ? Best new artist battle This is one category that fans pay close attention to . This year Sam Smith , Iggy Azalea and Brandy Clark are up against groups Bastille and Haim . Whom will Grammy choose ? Rapper Azalea , whose "  Fancy " became the ubiquitous song of the summer ? Crooner Smith , who has been critically acclaimed ? What about rising country star Clark ? Or could there be a complete upset with rock fan favorites Bastille or festival darlings Haim snagging the award ? We shall have to wait and see . Love for Bobbi Kristina Though Bobbi Kristina Brown is n't an artist , she is the offspring of pop and R&B royalty . What happened to Bobbi Kristina ? The daughter of the late superstar Whitney Houston and singer Bobby Brown has been in the hearts and minds of many since she was found unconscious in a bathtub Saturday . Her mother died just before the Grammy ceremony in 2012 . Look for possible references to her from some of the artists . Beyonce , Taylor Swift , U2 among big Grammy nominees	This year 's Grammys will feature several duets Beyonce will give a special performance There may be mention of Bobbi Kristina Brown
The comedy gods have smiled on the world once again . The Hollywood Foreign Press Association announced Tuesday that the dynamic duo known as Tina Fey and Amy Poehler will once again host the Golden Globes . But wait , it gets better . The pair will host the awards for the next two years . "  Tina and Amy are two of the most talented comedic writer/performers in our business and they were a major reason the Golden Globes was the most entertaining awards show of last season , " said Paul Telegdy , NBC Entertainment 's president of alternative and late-night programming , in a statement . "  We 're elated they wanted to host together again and that they committed for the next two years . " Fey and Poehler hosted the 2013 Golden Globes to much acclaim and solid ratings . According to the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , the 2013 telecast had the biggest Golden Globes ratings in six years in both the 18-49 demographic and total viewers and was also the second highest-rated Golden Globes in nine years . Golden Globes ratings biggest in six years : Fey , Poehler beat Gervais The pair also made quite the splash with a comedy bit they did at the Emmys this year , heckling that show 's host , Neil Patrick Harris . Their onscreen chemistry has led for plenty of calls via social media for them to host other award shows . Fey has had some fun with the Globes and awards shows over the years on her now-defunct NBC show "  30 Rock . " On one episode the characters of Tracy Jordan  played by Tracy Morgan  and Jenna Maroney  Jane Krakowski  bantered about the Golden Globes . "  Well if you 're OK talking about it , I need your help , " Tracy said . "  These reporters want to come do a story about me . They 're from something called the ... Hollywood Foreign Press Association ? " "  HoFPA , " gasped Jenna . "  That 's the Golden Globes ! The second most important awards in Hollywood . After the People 's Choice Awards  looks at camera  , where the fans are in charge . " The 71st Annual Golden Globe Awards will be broadcast live on January 12 from the Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills , California . Keep up to date with Awards Season 2014	Tina Fey and Amy Poehler will reunite for the Golden Globes The pair will host for the next two years The telecast they hosted in 2013 brought in solid ratings
CNN Student News  -- May 20 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Vicksburg , Mississippi • Japan • Carmel , Indiana Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . SOUTH KOREAN CNN STUDENT NEWS VIEWERS : Annyeonghaseyo ! We love CNN Student News . We are watching CNN Student News from South Korea . Yay ! CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Someone introducing our show from half a world away ? Might have found something that 's more awesome than Fridays . I 'm Carl Azuz . Let 's get started . First Up : Middle East Policy AZUZ : First up , President Obama announces a "  new chapter " in the U.S. policy toward the Middle East . In yesterday 's speech , the president talked about all of the upheaval that 's been sweeping across that part of the world . He called the revolutions and political protests a wave of change that can not be denied . President Obama said the U.S. does and will support reforms in the Middle East and North Africa that help ordinary people in the nations there . And he spoke out harshly against governments that have used force on protesters . He also pushed to re-start the Israeli-Palestinian peace process , saying that the demand for change in the region might help kick-start negotiations . In terms of changes across the entire Middle East , the president said "  it will be years before this story reaches its end . " But he explained why the U.S. supports change . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : There 's no straight line to progress , and hardship always accompanies a season of hope . The United States of America was founded on the belief that people should govern themselves . And now , we can not hesitate to stand squarely on the side of those who are reaching for their rights , knowing that their success will bring about a world that is more peaceful , more stable and more just . Severe Flooding AZUZ : The Mississippi River is setting a record in the city of Vicksburg . But not the kind anyone wants to celebrate . The river crested -- reached its highest point -- at just over 57 feet . That 's more than a foot higher than the old record , set in 1927 . What you should be seeing here is a runway . This is a small airport . These hangars are the only sign of that now . Mississippi also suffered its first flood-related death yesterday . We 've reported on some of the people affected by the Mississippi 's rising waters . There are also concerns about wildlife , like this coyote you saw a moment ago , who 's searching for higher ground . This Day in History AZUZ : It 's May 20th , and on this day in history in 1902 , Cuba gained its independence after being ruled by Spain . In 1927 , American aviator Charles Lindbergh took off for his famous flight across the Atlantic Ocean . It was the world 's first solo , non-stop , transatlantic flight . And five years later , in 1932 , Amelia Earhart made her solo , non-stop flight across the Atlantic . It was the first time that goal was accomplished by a female pilot . Japan 's Economy AZUZ : Next up , we have a report from Kyung Lah that 's related to Japan 's gross domestic product , or GDP . That 's the total value of all the goods and services that a country produces in a given amount of time . Japan 's GDP is down . And to find out one of the big reasons why , you just need to look back at what happened a couple months ago . BEGIN VIDEO KYUNG LAH , CNN CORRESPONDENT : The tsunami that leveled Japan 's northern coastline on March 11th is now , two months later , destroying a new terrain : the country 's economy . Japan 's government announced the nation 's gross domestic product fell at a surprising 3.7 % annualized rate in the first quarter of 2011 . It 's the second quarter in a row the GDP has fallen , meaning Japan is now in a recession . Look deeper into the GDP fall , and the numbers are even more grim . Industrial output , which includes all the consumer products Japan sends around the world , plunged 15.3 % in March , the worst ever recorded in Japan 's history . The auto industry hurt the most . Car production fell almost 60 percent in March . Nissan 's President and CEO Carlos Ghosn re-opened a hard-hit factory in the tsunami zone just this week , leading workers in a rah-rah session , but acknowledging full recovery for the company is still months away . In the hard-hit region of Miyagi Prefecture , half of the companies and factories -- 10,000 of them -- are affected by the earthquake and tsunami ; 600 expected to close . Japan 's government says a quarter of a million foreigners left Japan in the immediate aftermath of the disaster . As far as tourism coming in , it 's fallen off a cliff . Airports are reporting a 35 to 60 percent drop in travelers . The nuclear crisis at Fukushima is also fueling concerns of an energy shortage , impacting Japan 's ability to produce cars , electronics and parts for months to come . Experts say Japan 's economy was already struggling before the disaster . HSBC Senior Economist Frederic Neumann believes there is a chance the disaster could have an unintended positive outcome . FREDERIC NEUMANN , HSBC SENIOR ECONOMIST : The silver lining of this earthquake was that perhaps this will accelerate the reform pressures , and that Japan , then , in a year or two years from now , emerges stronger than it actually had been in the run-up to the earthquake . END VIDEO Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Griffin 's social studies classes at Faith Middle School in Fort Benning , Georgia ! What does an odometer measure ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  Speed , B  Distance , C  Rotation or D  Temperature ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! An odometer measures distance , like how far your car has traveled . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Tax on Driving ? AZUZ : Some lawmakers are looking into the idea of charging drivers based on their odometers . Right now , part of what you pay to fill up your car is a federal gas tax . That money gets used to build and maintain highways and to help pay for mass transit systems . But with more fuel-efficient cars on the road , people are driving more miles using less gas . So this "  driving tax " would charge people by the mile , either instead of or in addition to the gas they buy . The more you drive , the more you pay . It might help bring in money to the government , but some critics say collecting mileage information raises concerns about privacy . Should the government know how much you drive ? Also , they 're worried that this could be unfair to drivers in more rural areas who have to drive farther . Blog Promo AZUZ : Now , this is n't an official proposal ; it 's just an idea at this point that some people are talking about . We want you to talk about it ! Do you think it 's better to tax drivers by the mile or the gallon ? Zoom on over to our blog at CNNStudentNews.com and share your opinions . Around in Circles AZUZ : All right , we 're going to stay in the driving lane here and look at something called a roundabout . It 's a kind of intersection , but not one with a traditional crossing . A roundabout -- as the name suggests -- is a circle . Officials say they do n't make sense in every situation . But Tom Foreman steers us toward one mayor who 's all about the circular logic . BEGIN VIDEO TOM FOREMAN , CNN CORRESPONDENT : North of Indianapolis , in the suburb of Carmel , Mayor James Brainard has been going around in circles for years over traffic jams . MAYOR JAMES BRAINARD ,  R  CARMEL , INDIANA : Roundabouts work everywhere FOREMAN : He has done away with traffic lights at 80 % of his town 's major intersections , replacing them with roundabouts . Whirlpools of traffic that keep people moving . BRAINARD : It 's made a huge difference in the way our city looks and feels , and the way people get around . FOREMAN : Roundabouts , not to be confused with bigger , more intimidating rotaries on the East Coast , are designed to smoothly sweep drivers in from any direction , slowly guide them around , and just as easily let them out and on their way . Since cars do n't stop , commuters save time and , officials say , use 30 % less gas at intersections . BRAINARD : A roundabout can handle about 4 to 5 times the amount of traffic in the same amount of time as a stop light intersection can have . FOREMAN : The mayor says intersection accidents are also way down , improving insurance rates . And the city saves money , too . BRAINARD : We do n't have to buy a $ 150,000 signal . We do n't have to buy electricity every year . And we do n't have to replace it after 15 years when all that mechanical equipment wears out . FOREMAN : Some drivers and pedestrians do n't like roundabouts , but local officials insist this simple idea is building up the quality of life here , and that 's building up the business climate all around . Tom Foreman , CNN . END VIDEO Promo AZUZ : The CNN documentary "  Do n't Fail Me " looks at the state of education in America . If you did n't catch the premiere , the program is re-airing this Saturday , at 8:00 p.m. Eastern on CNN . Our educator guide for "  Do n't Fail Me " is in the Spotlight section at CNNStudentNews.com . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , you might be planning a trip to the beach for this summer . These dogs get to take one every day . And it 's all thanks to the Doggie Beach Bus . The driver picks up her passengers in the morning . Some of them even wait for her out on the street . Once the beach bus rounds up all of its canine companions , it heads out to the water for an hour of fun . Then it 's back on the bus to head home . Daily delivery service to and from the beach ? Goodbye AZUZ : Those are some lucky dogs , fur-real . They even have a designated place to leave the bus : a barking lot . Aack ! We just hope they behave during the ride , 'cause a dog who 's acting up can be a real pet peeve . All right ! For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz . Have a great weekend !	President Obama outlines a "  new chapter " in U.S. policy toward the Middle East The Japanese earthquake and tsunami have plunged that country into a recession The mayor of a town in Indiana talks about the circular logic of roundabouts Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Evangelical patriarch Rev. Pat Robertson has long been a leader in the conservative movement advocating for a better civil and moral society . But his recent support of marijuana legalization could n't be more wrongheaded . "  I really believe we should treat marijuana the way we treat beverage alcohol , " Robertson said last week in an interview with The New York Times . "  I 've never used marijuana and I do n't intend to , but it 's just one of those things that I think : this war on drugs just has n't succeeded . " "  It 's completely out of control , " Robertson added . "  Prisons are being overcrowded with juvenile offenders having to do with drugs . And the penalties , the maximums , some of them could get 10 years for possession of a joint of marijuana . It makes no sense at all . " Robertson 's arguments are wrong on each and every fact . First , regulating marijuana like the way we regulate alcohol  or cigarettes  will only result in the increased use and abuse of marijuana , particularly among youths . As the late , great political scientist , James Q. Wilson , put it , "  The central problem with legalizing drugs is that it will increase drug consumption . " Arguing that adding a dangerous substance to the legal marketplace will reduce its usage is to renounce all common sense . Does Robertson truly believe that addicts and first-time users will be curtailed once the substance they seek becomes easier to obtain ? To stay on alcohol for a moment : There are about 79,000 alcohol-related deaths each year . The Center for Disease Control calculated that excessive drinking cost the United States $ 223.5 billion annually and the government pays more than 60 percent of these health care costs . Is that really the model that Robertson would recommend for the betterment of society ? The Household Survey of Substance Abuse tells us that alcohol , more than tobacco and illegal drugs , is the most used and abused drug among youth . Why is that ? Because alcohol is legal ; drugs are not . Alcohol is easily available ; drugs are less so . Alcohol is culturally acceptable ; drugs are , for the most part , stigmatized , in large part because they are illegal . Robertson has long respected the importance of the law and the culture . It is a grave error for him to abandon that now . As for his other claims , the 2011 World Drug Report paints a detailed picture of marijuana abusers . Among cannabis users in treatment in the United States , 80.5 % are not married , 90 % have obtained an education of 12 years or less ; 25 % are unemployed and 46 % are not in the labor force  of which 55 % are students  . Of the cannabis users who entered treatment services from 2000 to 2008 , nearly a quarter report psychiatric problems . In addition , new research suggests that driving under the influence of marijuana could double a person 's risk of getting in a serious or fatal car crash . Why should we promote the legalization of a substance that can irretrievably harm our children 's brains and makes our citizens less intelligent , less productive and less safe ? Open and unrestricted drug use can not coexist with a free , safe and productive society . Moreover , Robertson 's claim that our prisons are overflowing with marijuana users are wildly exaggerated . The U.S. criminal justice system is the largest referral source for drug treatment programs . And , the large majority of inmates in state and federal prison for marijuana have been found guilty of much more than simple possession . The Office of National Drug Control Policy , for example , recently reported that of all the inmates in state prisons , 0.3 % are arrested for offenses involving only marijuana possession . Contrary to Robertson 's view , we have had successes in the fight against drugs . According to the Drug Enforcement Administration , 700,000 fewer teenagers used illicit drugs in 2010 than a decade earlier , a 16 % decline . From 2000 to 2010 , current marijuana use by teens has dropped 9 % , methamphetamine use by teens has plummeted 60 % , LSD use has dropped 50 % , and current cocaine use among high school seniors has dropped 38 % . There have been other important victories , too . In the late 1980s and early 1990s , with the help of the Partnership for a Drug Free America , America 's policymakers and opinion shapers got tough on drugs . Through movies , television , mass media , and , yes , sermons , America sent a message : Drug use is not culturally or morally acceptable and it will not be tolerated . The nation was committed to defeating the cocaine epidemic , and it did . We have much work left in our own fight against drugs . We need more drug education and prevention classes in schools , more rehabilitation and treatment centers , and more resources for law enforcement officials . But all this is for naught if our nation 's leaders , including its religious leaders , undermine and abandon the cause . During a recent trip to Mexico , Vice President Joe Biden was right to reject the idea of legalization . "  There is no possibility the Obama-Biden administration will change its policy on legalization , " he said . It 's time for a new bipartisan coalition committed to defending our children and our future from the dangers of drug abuse and addiction . Surrendering , like Robertson suggests , is not an option . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : Pat Robertson 's support of marijuana legalization is misguided Bennett : Legalizing marijuana will lead to more drug abuse He says that contrary to Robertson 's view , we have had successes in the drug fight Bennett : Our leaders , including religious leaders , must not undermine the drug war
London , England  CNN  -- British Airways cabin crew members went on strike Saturday , leaving thousands of would-be passengers ' travel plans during the next two weeks in disarray . The strike came after British Airways Chief Executive Willie Walsh and the joint general secretary of the Unite union , Tony Woodley , emerged Friday from a meeting and announced the effort to avert the walkout had failed . "  This company does not want to negotiate , " Woodley said of British Airways . "  This company wants ultimately to go to war with my members and the union . " Walsh said he "  deeply regrets " the inconvenience the strikes will cause to passengers but said the company will still try to operate as many flights as possible . "  I am disappointed the union has not been able to see the sense of the proposal we tabled today , " Walsh said . Advice for passengers British Airways posted lists on its Web site of flights that it plans to operate during the walkout . A spokesperson for Prime Minister Gordon Brown said he "  believes that this strike is in no one 's interest and will cause unacceptable inconvenience to passengers . He urges the strike be called off immediately " and the two sides return to bargaining . In addition to the three-day strike beginning Saturday , Unite has decided to strike for four more days beginning March 27 . Unite represents 95 percent of BA 's 15,000 cabin crew members , but not all of them plan to strike . The airline has unveiled an ambitious contingency plan to get as many passengers as possible to their destinations . Walsh said he hopes that by leasing aircraft and using replacement workers , BA will be able to deliver about two-thirds of its customers to their planned destinations during the strikes . In a full-page ad in British newspapers Friday , Walsh said a "  significant number " of cabin crews do n't support the strike and will continue to work , supported by volunteers from across the airline . The airline said it has also made agreements with more than 60 other carriers to rebook customers free of charge if their British Airways flights are canceled during the strike period . Will a strike by British Airways affect you ? But in a posting on its Web site , Unite called the schedule "  an accomplished work of fantasy . " The industrial action is over planned changes to the way cabin crews operate , which British Airways says will save the carrier more than 60 million pounds  $ 90 million  a year . Unite has said the plans call for working hours to be extended and crew staffing levels to be cut , changes that it has said will damage customer service and the BA brand . "  Unite believes the new contractual changes are an attempt to force staff to pay the price for management failings with the company wringing more and more out of fewer and fewer staff who will be paid less , " the union said in a posting on its Web site . A cabin crew member 's starting salary is 11,000 pounds  $ 16,500  , Unite said . Unite said that BA management submitted a formal offer to the union last week , but the offer failed to address union concerns about crew numbers and service delivery . That prompted Unite officials to announce the strike dates . BA then rescinded its offer . British Airways submitted a new offer Friday , but Woodley said it reduced the amount of pay that had been in last week 's offer . iReport : Are you caught up in the strike ? A sticking point in negotiations was reportedly how BA could be compensated for the 27 million pound  $ 40.5 million  loss it had already incurred through canceled tickets before the talks broke down . Walsh said he told Unite that the expense must be recovered , so the financial value of Friday 's offer was "  not as attractive " as last week 's . The new offer , however , would have secured long-term pay protection for all existing crew , "  new opportunities " for BA crew at London 's Gatwick airport , and modernization of its industrial relations , he said . Any BA workers who go on strike now risk losing permanently their travel perks , such as free and heavily discounted travel . "  We said to them that we will not continue to provide valuable perks and benefits to people who seek to inflict serious and ongoing damage to our business , " Walsh said . "  It was n't a threat . When we said that those traveling concessions will be withdrawn , that 's exactly what we meant , and that 's exactly what will happen . " Should BA staff lose travel perks ? Unite said BA cabin crews offered changes to pay and work practices that would have saved the company more than 100 million pounds  $ 150 million  , but that their offer was rejected . The airline 's management said the proposed changes would have saved the airline less money than management 's planned changes . CNN 's Richard Quest contributed to this report .	NEW : British Airways posts lists on its Web site of flights it plans to operate Besides three-day strike , Unite to strike for four more days beginning March 27 Unite : Plans call for longer working hours , cut staff BA chief : Contingency plan will try to get customers to destinations
FBI agents on Wednesday arrested the mayor of Charlotte , North Carolina , for allegedly taking tens of thousands of dollars worth of bribes "  in exchange for the use of his official position , " the U.S. attorney 's office said . Patrick D. Cannon , 47 , faces federal charges of theft and bribery concerning programs receiving federal funds , honest services wire fraud and extortion under color of official right , according to a press release from U.S. Attorney Anne Tompkins of western North Carolina . The Charlotte mayor 's office declined a CNN request for comment . However , CNN obtained a copy of Cannon 's resignation letter , sent to City of Charlotte Manager Ron Carlee and City Attorney Bob Hagemann . "  I hereby give notice of my resignation from the position of the Mayor of the City of Charlotte , effective immediately . In light of the charges that have been brought against me , it is my judgment that the pendency of these charges will create too much of a distraction for the business of the City to go forward smoothly and without interruption , " Cannon wrote in the letter . "  I regret that I have to take this action , but I believe that it is in the best interest of the City for me to do so . " First elected to City Council in 1993 -- when he was 26 and two years removed from graduating from North Carolina A&T State University -- the Democrat served through 2005 , including the last four years as mayor pro tem . Cannon , the president of a private parking business , spent four years out of office until being elected to City Council again in 2009 . Between 2010 and 2013 , he served as both a council member and mayor pro tem until his election as mayor in November 2013 . Federal authorities launched their corruption investigation in August 2010 , using FBI agents who posed as commercial real estate developers and investors looking to do business in the North Carolina city , Tompkins ' office said . Investigators documented five separate occasions between January 2013 and February 2014 in which Cannon allegedly took more than $ 48,000 in cash , airline tickets , a hotel room and a luxury apartment from the undercover agents . In the last instance , authorities say Cannon got $ 20,000 in cash in the mayor 's office . He allegedly accepted the largesse in exchange for returning the favor using his powers as a City Council member , mayor pro tem and , eventually , mayor . Cannon appeared in court Wednesday and was released on bond , the U.S. attorney 's office reported . If convicted on all charges , he could be sentenced to as many as 50 years in federal prison and pay as much as $ 1.5 million in fines , officials said . Cannon succeeded then-Mayor Anthony Foxx , who in July 2013 was sworn in as U.S. Transportation Secretary . Mayor of corrupt Hampton , Florida , resigns -- from jail Ex-New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin guilty	He resigns , saying such an action is in the best interest of the city FBI agents arrest Charlotte Mayor Patrick D. Cannon on corruption charges He allegedly took over $ 48,000 in cash and more between 2013 and 2014 The mayor 's office declines comment
CNN  -- Though her mother has suddenly reappeared after 11 years , do n't expect a family reunion any time soon , Morgan Heist says . "  I do n't think she deserves to see me , " the 20-year-old told CNN 's Piers Morgan on Thursday night . "  I do n't really have any plans on going to see her . " Anger is one of the many emotions Morgan Heist has gone through since she learned last week that Brenda Heist , the mother she last saw when she was 8 , had mysteriously reappeared . Brenda Heist disappeared from her Pennsylvania family some 11 years ago , leaving her husband , daughter and son wondering if something terrible had happened to her . Police searched for her for years , even at one point creating a cold case task force . Then last week Brenda Heist , 54 , turned herself in to authorities in Key Largo , Florida , saying she had just walked away from her family because of stress . The fact that her mother abandoned her and never even called has left her seething , Morgan Heist said . The anger is captured in a post on the daughter 's Twitter page that reads she hopes her mother "  rots in hell . " "  That makes me really mad , " Morgan Heist said . "  I ca n't believe she would do that because she was a good mom . She was great . But , I mean , I guess something happened . Something snapped in her . " Her father , Lee Heist , said he is not planning on visiting his former wife anytime soon "  I do n't see where it would do any good for either of us to see her again , " Lee Heist said . Left on a whim Brenda Heist disappeared February 2002 after last being seen dropping off her children at school . She was going through a divorce from Lee Heist and was applying for housing assistance so that she could get an apartment . She worked as a bookkeeper for a car dealer and hoped to receive some financial aid . However , her request was denied , police said . "  She was very upset , she was sitting in a park crying , thinking about how she would raise her children , feeling sorry for herself , " said Sgt. John Schofield , a Lititz Borough , Pennsylvania , police detective . Schofield was one of the many officers who searched for Heist . It was n't long before she was approached by two males and a female who asked her what was wrong . After she told them what had happened , they invited her to hitchhike with them down to Florida . "  At a whim , she decided at that very moment , she would go along with them , " Schofield said . Schofield spoke to Heist at length after she turned herself in . "  She was very emotional ; she hung her head ; she 's ashamed . She was crying when I met with her . She knows what she did was completely wrong , but all that while , she 'd never made one effort to call or contact her family at all , " Schofield said . Years homeless while husband under suspicion She spent the first two years homeless , living under bridges , eating food thrown out by restaurants after they closed . For the next seven years , she lived in a camper with a man she had met . They made money as day laborers , cleaning boats and doing other odd jobs for which they did n't have to show ID and were paid in cash . After that relationship soured , Schofield said , she lived on the street again for another two years . Lee Heist even became a suspect though he was eventually cleared . Some believed he was involved in Brenda Heist 's disappearance , he said . "  The hardest thing I had to deal with was , the families of some of my children 's friends would not let them play with them , because of what they thought of me . That just tore me apart . I hope they 've learned a lesson not to prejudge , " he said . In 2010 , Lee Heist filed a petition with the county court to have Brenda declared legally deceased , according to a Lititz police news release . It was a measure necessary for closure , he said . Lee Heist later remarried and said he will learn to forgive his former wife . But for Morgan Heist , forgiving her mom may not be easy . "  I hope to eventually forgive her one day for myself , not for her , " Morgan Heist said . CNN 's Laura Ly contributed to this report . Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Brenda Heist disappeared from her Pennsylvania home in 2002 Heist turned herself in to police in Florida as a missing person She was distraught over an impending divorce and finances , a detective says
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal and Venus Williams are set to receive big pay rises if they successfully defend their Wimbledon singles titles this year . Rafael Nadal and Venus Williams parade their winning trophies from Wimbledon last year . This year 's men 's and women 's champions will walk away with # 850,000  $ 1.24 million  , an increase of 13.3 percent , although in dollar teams a decrease because of the weakened British pound . All England Club chairman Tim Phillips said the increase was necessary to offset exchange rate implications and to help maintain the tournament 's standing among players . "  Most of the players here do n't bank in sterling , " Phillips told Press Association . "  We have to be mindful of the fact that a year ago it was two dollars to the pound and now it 's less than one pound fifty . " Overall prize money on a sterling basis is going up by 6.2 percent from # 11.8 million to # 12.55 million  $ 18.38 million  . The money is distributed equally for the men 's and women 's events with Wimbledon adopting this policy in 2007 following criticism from officials and players . New developments for 2009 are highlighted by the Centre Court sliding roof with capacity on the ground increased by 3,500 to 40,000 . The cash-rich All England Club also announced a five-year extension of its contract with sponsors IBM . In other tennis news , Gael Monfils could miss next month 's French Open because of a left knee injury . The Frenchman reached the semifinals at Roland Garros last year , but was quoted in sports daily L'Equipe on Tuesday saying that the results of an MRI scan on his knee were "  not good . " .	All England Club say weakened pound forced them into big prize money increases In sterling terms winners of singles titles will receive 13.3 percent increase Wimbledon will benefit from new sliding roof on Centre Court this year
CNN  -- Days of sipping umbrella drinks have given way to the stench of backed-up sewage , stuffy cabins without power and limited food . The Carnival Triumph engine fire shows that the best-laid cruise plans can veer terribly off course . Sometimes it 's rough waters forcing the ship 's captain to change or skip a port of call at the last minute . And then there are the extreme cases of a days-long stranding , or in the case of the Costa Concordia disaster , the loss of 32 lives . When accidents happen , it 's not always clear what the cruise line is required to do next . Here are five things we 've learned about cruises since the Triumph 's engine room caught fire on Sunday : Emergency systems are n't designed for a pleasant trip It 's unclear at this point what systems are in play aboard the Triumph , but we know that generators are supplying power . And from passengers ' grim reports , these emergency measures do not a fun vacation make . "  The emergency generator is sized to provide sufficient power for systems that are necessary for the survivability of the vessel , passengers and crew , " according to marine engineer Robert Jackson , who is the chair of the engineering technology department at California Maritime Academy . Opinion : Dirty secrets below deck The plumbing systems on the ship are powered by electricity , and passenger accounts of sloshing sewage indicate that there 's not enough to operate facilities for more than 4,000 passengers and crew . "  Since the incident happened on Sunday , technicians have managed to restore limited power on board to operate some toilets and limited functions in certain areas . There is running water , albeit cold water , " Carnival spokesman Vance Gulliksen said via e-mail . A Coast Guard helicopter delivered an additional generator to the ship on Wednesday to supply more power . How Carnival can clean up the PR mess Itineraries can change without notice Cruise lines may change a ship 's course mid-voyage . In the case of an engine fire , that 's a given , but more routine sailings could also change . Diversions may mean changing a port of call or skipping it altogether , and passengers agree to the unexpected when they purchase tickets . The conditions are included in the cruise line 's ticket contract . Carnival ships can "  deviate in any direction or for any purpose from the direct or usual course , and to omit or change any or all port calls , arrival or departure times , with or without notice , for any reason whatsoever , " including mechanical breakdowns , according to the cruise line 's ticket contract . While terms and language vary by cruise line , according to Dan Askin , senior editor at online cruise community Cruise Critic , "  it 's pretty standard legalese across the industry that aims to protect the line against every contingency . " This week Triumph sister ships Carnival Legend , Carnival Conquest and Carnival Elation all diverted to provide provisions to Triumph . However , those diversions did not result in any delayed arrivals or skipped ports of call , Gulliksen said . Tears and big hugs as passengers reunite with families Passenger compensation often is not required Itinerary changes after a ship departs are considered part of the "  proposed voyage , " according to Carnival 's itinerary change policy . Under the policy , Carnival is not liable for refunds or damages for post-departure changes . But when more than 3,000 passengers are stranded for five days , the cruise line is willing to concede a failed voyage . Triumph passengers will get $ 500 in addition to a full refund for the cruise and most expenses on board , transportation expenses to get home , as well as a credit for another cruise , Carnival said . Even in much less dire situations , most cruise lines do offer prorated compensation for cruises that are cut short , Askin said . "  After that , there 's significant variability in compensation , event by event , " he said . After a bad cruise , can you cruise into court ? Cruise ship inspections vary by ship and country In addition to the regulations of the International Maritime Organization , a United Nations agency , a ship is subject to the laws of the country whose flag it flies . The ship may also be subject to the laws of a country where it stops . The Carnival Triumph sails under a Bahamian flag , so authorities there are taking the lead in investigating the incident . But because the Triumph stops in U.S. ports and carries U.S. passengers , the U.S. Coast Guard has some inspection oversight over the vessel . The Coast Guard issued a certificate of compliance for the Carnival Triumph on May 17 , 2012 , after the ship 's annual inspection . The Coast Guard and the National Transportation Safety Board have also launched an investigation into the cause of the engine room fire . In contrast , the Costa Concordia , which ran aground and sank off the coast of Italy in January 2012 , did n't stop in U.S. ports carrying U.S. passengers , so it was n't subject to U.S. Coast Guard regulation . Why did the rescue take five days ? Passengers may have a legal case Carnival 's ticket contract says the cruise line is not "  liable to the passenger for damages for emotional distress , mental suffering/anguish or psychological injury of any kind under any circumstances , except when such damages were caused by the negligence of Carnival and resulted from the same passenger sustaining actual physical injury , or having been at risk of actual physical injury . " While no physical injuries have been reported , if a passenger contracted a significant disease , such as hepatitis , from unsanitary conditions on the ship , maritime trial attorney John H.  Jack  Hickey believes physical injury could be argued . "  I think that a case can be made that everyone on that ship is at risk of actual physical injury , " he said . Will passengers file suit and can they win ? Yes and yes , Hickey said . Carnival 's contract prohibits a class action suit , but Hickey said he 's not sure whether it is legally enforceable . Hickey has never filed suit over a cruise ship stranding , but he said these circumstances , particularly the reports of sewage on decks , are exceptional . "  It 's a public health disaster in the making . " My celebration trip on the Carnival Triumph : From joy to misery CNN 's Katia Hetter contributed to this report .	Emergency systems are n't designed to support 4,000 people for five days A cruise line 's ticket contract protects the company from much liability Passengers may have a legal case against Carnival , maritime attorney says
CNN  -- A company due to take over the management of one of the venues used in the 2010 World Cup in South Africa has pulled out of the deal after miscalculating the running costs . The Sail Stadefrance Operating Company  SSOC  -- a partnership between South African events company Sail and French consortium Stadefrance -- were due to take up a 30-year lease on Cape Town 's Green Point Stadium on November 1 this year . But Cape Town 's residents could now end up paying for the $ 600 million stadium -- as the management of the venue transfers to the city in January 2011 . SSOC chairman Morne du Plessis said that the company had incorrectly anticipated the amount it would take to run and maintain the stadium , estimated at around $ 6 million per year . "  In the light of unresolved matters that affected the viability of the lease we have advised the city that SSOC would not be in a position to enter the lease , " du Plessis told the official website of the city of Cape Town . "  Shareholders were not prepared to enter the lease under circumstances that projected substantial losses . " The SSOC had been managing the stadium on behalf of the city since January 2009 , apart from during the World Cup when the tournaments ' organizing committee were in charge . Eight World Cup matches were held at the 68,000-seat Green Point , one of five new stadiums built for the World Cup this summer . Tournament CEO Danny Jordaan promised South Africans that the new facilities would not become "  white elephants " and would leave a legacy for generations to come . "  To ensure a lasting legacy and the commercial viability of the stadiums , they will be used for both rugby and soccer , " Jordaan said before the World Cup . "  This country has also used sports stadiums for major political rallies , concerts and church events . They can , therefore , also be used for outside of sport , " he added . And despite the setbacks with the future of the Cape Town stadium as well as the burden it may place on the city 's taxpayers , acting executive mayor of the city Alderman Ian Neilson has assured residents that future events will take place there as planned . This includes national football team Bafana Bafana 's upcoming match against the U.S. on November 17 . "  While the current management deal has now fallen through , we also see new opportunities and will now engage directly with the relevant sporting codes in the City on how we jointly take forward the future of the Cape Town Stadium , " Neilson told the city 's official website .	Company pulls out of a deal to take over the running of Cape Town 's World Cup stadium SSOC were due to take up a 30-year lease on the venue on November 1 City of Cape Town will now take charge of the $ 600 million stadium Mayor promises events will continue to take place in the stadium as planned
CNN  -- France will send approximately 1,000 more troops to the Central African Republic , French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said Tuesday in a radio interview . Speaking on Europe 1 radio , he said the mission would last about six months and would be coordinated with the United Nations and African Union . About 400 French troops are already in the Central African Republic , the French Defense Ministry said , where they are deployed to protect French nationals and help secure the airport in the capital , Bangui . France is a former colonial power in the Central African Republic . Former leader Gen. Francois Bozize fled the country in March of this year , after a coup led by rebel leader Michel Djotodia . A transitional government was put in place , headed by Prime Minister Nicolas Tiangaye , but the country continues to be wracked by unrest and new elections have yet to be held . In a piece published Monday by French newspaper Le Figaro , French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said the troubled Central African Republic was facing its worst crisis yet . He highlighted the threat to peace posed by growing tensions between the country 's Muslims and Christians , which have already led to a number of deaths . ` Suffering beyond imagination ' U.N. Deputy Secretary-General Jan Eliasson warned Monday that the situation in the country was deteriorating rapidly and called on the international community to act swiftly to turn it around . "  The population is enduring suffering beyond imagination , " he told a meeting of the U.N. Security Council . "  As we see far too often , women and children are bearing the brunt . Human rights violations are mounting . The use of child soldiers is rising . Sexual violence is growing . "  There are widespread reports of looting , illegal checkpoints , extortion , illegal arrests and detentions , torture and summary executions . " Eliasson also highlighted the worsening humanitarian situation in the country , saying that as much as a third of the population is in need of food , health care , clean water and shelter . He suggested that a U.N. peacekeeping force should eventually replace the current African-led International Support Mission in the Central African Republic , known as MISCA . That potential force could number about 6,000 troops and 1,700 police personnel , he said . In the meantime , however , he called for the international community to give its full backing to the efforts of the current mission . A new leadership team for the mission was announced Saturday , with retired Maj. Gen. Jean Marie Michel Mokoko of the Republic of Congo at its head . Humanitarian crisis Adonia Ayebare , ambassador for the African Union 's permanent mission to the United Nations , warned Monday of "  disastrous " humanitarian consequences , with hundreds of thousands of civilians either internally displaced or refugees in neighboring countries . He called on transitional authorities to "  fully assume their responsibilities , " particularly the protection of civilians and the transition to an elected government . As many as one in 10 people have been forced from their homes since March , humanitarian group Doctors Without Borders said Tuesday . Recent clashes in the town of Bouca , in the northeast part of the country , have only added to the problem , the organization said . "  The fighting in Bouca is indicative of how horrific violence is engulfing the Central African Republic , " said Sylvain Groulx , head of the group 's mission there . "  We are extremely concerned about the living conditions of the displaced , who are overcrowded in churches , mosques or schools , or living in the bush with no access to health care , food , or water , and are threatened by epidemics . Much more needs to be done , and it needs to be done now . " CNN 's Lilia Blaise and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	NEW : Doctors Without Borders highlights plight of the many people displaced by violence Mission is expected to last about six months , Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian says About 400 French troops are already deployed in the African nation A transitional government has been in place since a coup earlier this year
Ahead of a town hall meeting Tuesday night , Ferguson 's mayor said the aftermath of the shooting death of Michael Brown helped open the eyes of city officials to the town 's racial divide . "  I think what it showed was ... even though I always knew again that African-Americans had experiences that were frustrating , definitely frustrating , many of that never bubbled to the surface . So I think what really opened my eyes was how significant that can be for many people , " Mayor James Knowles said . Police Chief Thomas Jackson echoed the mayor 's sentiment . "  The things that have bubbled up since the shooting have really made us sit up and take notice and realize that there is a lot more work to be done , " Jackson said . One of those things that need to be done is community outreach , Jackson said ; it 's one of the steps that the police department and the local government need to take for Ferguson to be more cohesive . Protests erupted last month after Ferguson Officer Darren Wilson 's fatal shooting of unarmed 18-year-old Michael Brown . They devolved into nights of looting , vandalism and violence before the tenor of the protests eventually calmed . Jackson has tried to reach out more to residents , sometimes going to the daily protests in the city streets . One of those trips did n't go well . After issuing an apology Thursday , Jackson went to dialogue with demonstrators , but not everyone was eager to hear from him . "  If you are not resigning tonight , go home , " said one man on a bullhorn . It was shortly after Jackson agreed to walk and talk with the demonstrators that a scuffle broke out somewhere behind the chief , and officers moved in to make arrests . There was no indication that Jackson was threatened , but he was quickly escorted inside a building . For several hours , police officers stood shoulder to shoulder in front of the police department with protesters a short distance away , some milling about and others chanting . On Tuesday , Jackson said he 'll still go down to the protests . "  I do n't think it 's ever a mistake for me to engage people are trying to talk to me and my police department and my city , " he said . "  I think it 's important to keep those lines of communication open . So if some people want to turn it into a hostile situation , that 's their fault , not mine . But I wish it would have turned out better than it did . " The chief blamed outsiders for the trouble . Last week , Jackson said he would n't resign , and the mayor , who was re-elected in April , said Tuesday that now is not the time for that kind of change . "  We 're moving forward as a community . If we change up now , I do n't know that that is going to help us down the road , " he said . The town hall meeting , which is closed to the media , comes two nights after the most recent violent protests . Protests come to the police station Eight people were arrested outside the police department on Sunday night when demonstrations grew violent again , police say . Each was charged with failure to disperse and resisting arrest , Lt. Ron Miesner of the Missouri State Highway Patrol said . Only one of those arrested was from Ferguson ; the others were from elsewhere in the St. Louis metropolitan area . Three were from St. Louis , one was from Richmond Heights , one was from Florissant , one was from Bridgeton , and one was homeless , he said . Last week , the burning of a memorial near the site where Brown was killed reignited the demonstrations . Sunday night 's protests unfolded in front of the police station , about 2 miles from the five-lane drag that typically plays host to the demonstrations . Although previous protests at the police station have been largely peaceful , some demonstrators among a crowd of about 150 people began throwing rocks and bottles at officers about 10 p.m. , according to CNN affiliate KTVI . No injuries were reported . The eight people arrested were taken to a nearby jail , booked and released , KTVI reported .	Ferguson mayor : Shooting aftermath revealed the racial divide in the city Police chief says he 'll continue to walk and talk with protesters Protests erupted after Ferguson Officer Darren Wilson 's fatal shooting of unarmed Michael Brown City is holding a town hall that is closed to media Tuesday night
CNN  -- Violence between competing unions at South Africa 's mines is threatening to weaken Africa 's largest economy . On Wednesday , the world 's top platinum producer , Anglo American , suspended all of its operations in Rustenburg , South Africa due to "  intimidation " of its workers . Striking workers are also halting operations at some gold mines . The move follows strike-related violence at Lonmin 's Marikana mine in August that left 44 dead . What triggered the violence ? The 34 miners in the Lonmin mine in Marikana , South Africa , died after police opened fire on a gathering of thousands of machete-armed workers striking for higher wages . The shootings came after deaths earlier in the week , including those of two police officers who were hacked to death . The violence exploded when police shot at striking rock drillers in the "  Easterns " area of the Marikana mine . Tensions have been high in part because of the presence of competing trade unions , the Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union  AMCU  and the National Union of Mineworkers  NUM  . Read more : Inquiry launched into mine shootings The mine , about two hours northwest of Johannesburg , is operated by Lonmin , which is listed on both the London Stock Exchange and Johannesburg Stock Exchange , and is the world 's third largest platinum producer . The bulk of its 28,000 employees work at the mine , and around 23 % belong to the AMCU . The violence has prompted some people to draw parallels with the country 's days of apartheid rule , which ended in 1994 . South African 's president , Jacob Zuma , has opened an inquiry into the incident . What is behind the conflict ? Rivalry between the AMCU and the NUM is widely blamed for feeding the violence . The AMCU , which has expanded rapidly this year at the expense of NUM , is seen as the more militant union and has been linked to aggressive tactics to win wage increases . It has gained ground in an environment where workers have been dissatisfied with improvements in quality of life since the end of apartheid , particularly for those in the lower wage brackets . At Marikana , 3,000 rock drill operators at the mine stopped work as they tried to force an increase in their wages , from ZAR5 ,400  $ 648  a month to ZAR12 ,500  $ 1,500  a month . Tensions increased over the following days , with AMCU president Joseph Mathunjwa declaring the members were prepared to "  die here " if necessary . The stand-off later escalated into violence , leaving 34 dead , 78 injured and 259 arrested on various charges , according to South Africa National Police Commissioner Riah Phiyega . The violence follows other fatal incidents including a six-week strike at Impala Platinum  Implats  in February , which left three dead , and an attack on Aquarius Platinum in August which also left three people dead . The push for higher wages comes after the AMCU was "  clearly emboldened " by a strike at Implats ' Rustenberg mine in February which resulted in a 125 % increase in wages , analysts at Eurasia Group noted . The outcome set a "  problematic precedent for platinum companies in South Africa , " Africa analyst Mark Rosenberg said . Alison Turner , analyst at Panmure Gordon & Co , said the emergence of the AMCU "  represents the single biggest risk to the platinum sector , particularly as many of the incidents in which the AMCU has been implicated have involved violence . " According to Rosenberg , however , violence at Marikana could prove to be detrimental to the union 's aggressive recruitment strategy . Who is to blame for the Marikana shootings ? While union rivalry is being blamed for the friction , it is unclear who triggered the first shots at Marikana , which is one of the country 's bloodiest incidents since the end of apartheid in 1994 . Police have said they were bringing in barbed wire to fence the miners , and used tear gas and stun grenades to disperse them . According to Phiyega , a militant group of strikers then fired on police who said they were forced to use "  maximum force " to defend themselves . Video from the incident shows police shooting for some minutes at protesters , kicking up dust . When the dust clears , several bodies are shown lying on the ground . The video appeared to show the police response was "  very forceful , " Turner said . The South African Institute for Race Relations said that policemen randomly shot into the crowd with rifles and handguns . "  There is also evidence of their continuing to shoot after a number of bodies can be seen dropping and others turning to run . This is reminiscent of the Sharpeville massacre in 1960 , " the institute said . In a press conference Phiyega said it was not a time for placing blame , but "  a time for us to mourn . " Late last month , a regional prosecutor charged 270 of the platinum miners with the murder of their colleagues , who are believed to have been shot by police . However , the charges are being dropped . What do the unions say ? The two implicated unions , accused of trying to outdo each other in negotiating wages , denied instigating the clashes . AMCU general secretary Jeff Mphahlele told CNN the union could not be blamed . "  We are a peaceful organization and we do not condone violence , " he said . Mphahlele said police initially shot at the protesters from behind , although when asked if they shot first he said : "  I was not there , " adding : "  The killing of those people was not necessary . " He said Mathunjwa 's reference to being prepared to die was in response to fears the police would attack . Frans Baleni , head of the NUM , said Monday that its members were under siege . "  Our members have been attacked , and that can not be said to be clashes or rivalry , it is pure criminality , " he said . Is the government tarnished ? The NUM is a close ally of the country 's ruling African National Congress and its inability to stop the violence and weakened role is expected to drag on Zuma , according to Rosenberg . The immediate impact is likely to be Zuma 's pitch for re-election to head the party in December , he added . Re-election is "  significantly less likely " Rosenberg said . While there is no formal challenger to the role yet , this could spur the emergence of one , he added . People are no longer willing to sit and wait around for the ANC to deliver , Rosenberg said . "  They are becoming more and more impatient and they 're becoming more and more violent as a result . " What is the impact on Lonmin ? Lonmin has so far missed out on around $ 75 million in lost production , and the workers have n't been paid for a month . The company said last week that a "  peace accord " had been signed , but key unions had not agreed to the deal . Lonmin acting CEO Simon Scott said the company and unions have agreed to "  negotiate to address the wage demands within a legal framework . " He added , "  We simply ask that those negotiations happen in an environment free of intimidation and violence . " The company has previously announced its chief executive Ian Farmer had been diagnosed with a serious illness and was in hospital . It was unrelated to the mine incident . CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this story	More than 30 miners died after police opened fire on striking workers who were armed with machetes Rivalry between the AMCU and the NUM is widely blamed for feeding the violence The two implicated unions denied instigating the clashes , and are blaming others for the violence President Jacob Zuma , of the country 's ruling African National Congress , has announced an inquiry into the violence
CNN  -- I am a long-time fan of reality television : first American Idol , then , So You Think You Can Dance , Project Runway , and Master Chef . The mythologist Joseph Campbell provides an explanation for the success of these programs : "  A hero ventures forth from the world of common day into a region of supernatural wonder ; fabulous forces are there encountered and a decisive victory is won ; the hero comes back from this mysterious adventure with the power to bestow boons on his fellow man . " Is n't this what happens in reality TV ? We see people who are hoping to be called out of their everyday lives to an adventure , to be tested on a road of trials in hopes of obtaining the ultimate boon . Watching , we find pieces of ourselves mirrored in the contestants ; we , too , are on the mythic journey of a hero . Our careers are a hero 's journey -- a call to adventure Early on , it 's fairly easy to see yourself as the hero . I , for example , fancied myself as Tess McGill , of the movie Working Girl , having started out as a secretary . But mid-career , accepting a beckoning call is far more difficult . You likely have achieved some success ; the stakeholders in your life , including you , may be rather attached to the status quo . Mid-career , the "  another day , another dollar mindset " can quickly sideline us if we avoid challenges and the growth our work can bring . What 's important to remember here is that the dialing-it-in plateau can be a precipice : we avoid a career-killing plateau by accepting the call to a new adventure . It may mean taking a pay-cut , a demotion in terms of job title , or simply striking out into the uncharted waters of entrepreneurship . And daunting though it may be , we keep in our intellectual back pocket one of the findings of disruptive innovation theory : the odds of success are six times higher , the revenue opportunity 20 times greater , when we disrupt , and accept the call to adventure . See also : Is workplace boredom ` the new stress ? ' A road of trials or succession of tough experiences is inevitable Often they will come from where we least expect them , one obstacle being entitlement . We may believe , for example , that we have the right to a perk or promotion simply because we have shown up  when we played soccer as kids we all got trophies whether we won or lost , played or sat on the bench ; why would n't this also be true at work ?  Mid-career , we may be inclined to become benevolent dictators to our staff , deciding consensus is n't required . After all , we are literally en-titled . In battling the dragons of entitlement and complacency , you become the hero of your career . When you make and own your choices , fearlessly facing your challenges , you become someone whom others want to follow : "  leader " is just another name for hero . See also : Jumping off the career ladder You are not meant to undertake this journey alone Most heroes in literature and film have a guide or a trainer : Frodo had Gandalf , Luke Skywalker had Yoda , King Arthur had Merlin -- guides , who are n't about exploiting you for their gain , but for whom your boon is also theirs . If you want to be the hero in your own story , seek out and cultivate the right kind of mentors . I could never have made the leap from secretary to professional without the sponsorship of a mentoring boss . If you are a professional woman , a guide is even more essential . We often measure the success of our career by how much money we make and our job title , and those are important yardsticks -- and an undeniable piece of achieving the boon . But a true hero looks to the horizon with a vision of the legacy he or she can leave -- what happens in the life of the company , the people you worked with once you are long gone . Ultimately the real boon of a hero 's journey is not that others will believe you are a hero , but when you look in the mirror , you will see one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Whitney Johnson .	Our careers are a hero 's journey -- a call to adventure , argues Whitney Johnson Accepting the call to a new adventure may involve taking a demotion or pay cut , she says To be the hero in your own story , seek out the right kind of mentors
CNN  -- Just six months after leading Chelsea to European Champions League and English FA Cup glory Roberto di Matteo has been sacked by the English Premier League club . He was sacked just hours after Tuesday 's 3-0 defeat to Juventus left Chelsea on the brink of becoming the first defending champions to be eliminated in the group stages of the Champions League . Russian oligarch Roman Abramovich , who took over the club in 2003 , is now looking for his ninth manager , with all the indications a replacement has already been found . Blog : Was Di Matteo the architect of his own downfall ? "  The club will be making an announcement shortly regarding a new first team manager , " said a statement on the Chelsea website . Third in the English Premier League despite a series of injuries to key players , Chelsea is on a run of just one win in five league matches and face league leaders Manchester City on Sunday , with the league champions four points ahead of the London side . Explaining the Italian 's dismissal , Chelsea thanked Di Matteo for his "  huge contribution " but also said the team 's results had "  not been good enough " . "  The owner and the board felt that a change was necessary now to keep the club moving in the right direction as we head into a vitally important part of the season , " added the Chelsea statement . Managerial change In order to reach the last 16 of the Champions League , Chelsea must beat Danish side Nordsjaelland in the final round of group matches and hope Ukrainian group leaders Shakhtar Donetsk defeat Juventus . Former Chelsea midfielder Di Matteo took over first team duties following the sacking of Andre Villas-Boas in March 2011 . The former West Bromwich Albion manager guided Chelsea to English FA Cup success , beating Liverpool 2-1 in the final , before leading the west London club to its first Champions League triumph in May . The penalty shootout victory over Bayern Munich at the Allianz Arena helped convince Abramovich that Di Matteo deserved the job on a full-time basis and the Italian was handed a two-year contract in June 2012 . Eight full-time managers have worked under Abramovich since he took control of Chelsea in 2003 . Tuesday 's defeat came off the back of Saturday 's 2-1 loss at Di Matteo 's former club West Brom . John Terry Despite attacking players such as Brazilian playmaker Oscar and Belgian forward Eden Hazard impressing since arriving during the last preseason , Chelsea has struggled defensively . Key has been the recent absence of captain John Terry who had to serve a four-match ban for racially abusing an opponent before picking up a knee injury in a 1-1 draw against Liverpool earlier this month . With Terry in and out of the team , Chelsea has conceded 20 goals in its last 10 matches in all competitions . Much of Di Matteo 's tenure was overshadowed by the racism scandal which engulfed Terry and the club . Former England captain Terry was cleared by a London magistrate 's court of racially abusing Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand but was then found guilty by an English FA tribunal . Di Matteo , whose team began the season with a 4-1 defeat to Atletico Madrid in the European Super Cup , has also failed to bring the best form out of Fernando Torres -- the striker who Abramovich splashed out $ 80 million to recruit from Liverpool . Spain international Torres , who won the golden boot at this year 's Euro 2012 tournament , has scored just four goals this season and looks a shadow of the player who shone during four seasons at Anfield . Media reports are already linking Torres ' former Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez with the job . The Spaniard has been out of work since being sacked by Inter Milan in January 2011 . Former Barcelona coach Josep Guardiola is also being linked with the Stamford Bridge vacancy . Guardiola led Barca to 14 titles in four years before stepping down from the Nou Camp hotseat at the end of last season . The former Barca captain is currently on sabbatical in the United States .	Chelsea face struggle to qualify for knockout stages of Champions League The club thanked Di Matteo for his "  huge contribution " Chelsea say they will soon make an announcement about a new manager The club are now looking for ninth different manager under owner Roman Abramovich
Washington  CNN  -- In an extended shutdown , most of the federal workforce would go without pay , but the checks will keep coming to the 533 current members of Congress . Who gets paid in a shutdown and who does n't ? "  That is disgraceful in my view , " said freshman Rep. Tulsi Gabbard , D-Hawaii , told CNN . "  Basically the only people who get paid in a shutdown are members of Congress , and that is irresponsible . " Gabbard plans to send any pay she receives during a shutdown back to the Treasury . The combat veteran said she was shocked to find out recently that members ' pay is protected . It is -- by the Constitution . Opinion : Taxpayers , you deserve your money back The 27th Amendment to the Constitution restricts any Congress from changing its own pay . The measure was proposed in the first days of the Republic but was not ratified until 1992 , after a grass-roots movement promoted the idea and the necessary number of state legislatures approved it . While many may have wanted to restrain Congress from increasing its pay , the amendment also blocks Congress from freezing or cutting its compensation . The result ? Congress gets paid no matter what . Gabbard is not the only member surprised . The list : What 's open , what 's closed "  I do n't even know whether it stops or not , " Rep. John Fleming , R-Louisiana , said when asked about his pay during a shutdown . When told that the Constitution mandates congressional paychecks stay as-is , Fleming responded that he had n't thought through what he would do yet but would likely donate his pay during a shutdown to charity . "  Obviously we need to share the pain of the American people , " he concluded . The offices for the top two members of Congress -- House Speaker John Boehner and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid -- would n't respond to specifics about their pay . According to a report by the Lexington Herald-Leader newspaper , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , plans to donate his salary to charity during the shutdown . Rep. Pete Gallego , D-Texas , told CNN he is urging his fellow members of Congress to donate their pay to charitable causes . "  I do n't think we should get paid until  the shutdown  is resolved , " Rep. Pete DeSantis , R-Fla , told CNN 's Jake Tapper on Tuesday . "  I 've asked the clerk to withhold any pay for me until we get this up and running . I just think that that 's fair for the folks involved who 've been negatively affected by this . " House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , disagreed with DeSantis . "  I think that 's another game  House Republicans  want to play , appealing to a demagogic approach to this , " Hoyer told Tapper on Tuesday . Shutdown ` extremely damaging ' to U.S. intelligence operations "  Members of Congress ought to be on the job working hard , " Hoyer added , "  getting this job done to the American people , getting their government opened , getting federal employees back to work and serving the public , serving the growth of our economy , serving our national security ends . " While members will get paid , they must decide which of their own office staff have to go home . Members of Congress run their own office payroll and will decide who is essential and non essential . But even congressional staff members who work during a shutdown would not get paid until later -- only their bosses will get paid on time . "  My staffers are working with pay . Right now , " Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , said Tuesday on "  Crossfire . " "  They 're doing oversight on the federal government . ... They 're continuing to work on the waste . " Coburn also said he 's keeping his salary earned during the shutdown . "  I 'm going to keep my salary and going to make sure I spend it and tithe it and give to it charities and do the thing that I 've always done . ... I 'm not going to stop working . " But Democratic Sen. Debbie Stabenow of Michigan , who appeared alongside Coburn on "  Crossfire " on Tuesday , is taking a different approach . "  Eighty percent of my staff , unfortunately , is on furlough , " she said , "  I 'm going to be contributing -LSB- my salary -RSB- on a daily basis . For every day we are not seeing an open -- a government that 's open , I 'm contributing . " Americans hurt as DC ` squabbles like kids ' CNN 's Athena Jones , Tasha Diakides , and Martina Stewart contributed to this report .	NEW : Some in Congress say they 're planning on giving their pay to charity during shutdown Thousands of federal workers have been furloughed and will lose pay in the shutdown Members of Congress will still get paid , as mandated by the 27th Amendment Some lawmakers say they will give their paychecks to the Treasury or to charity
CNN  At least four people are missing after a severe storm capsized sailboats Saturday afternoon during a regatta in Mobile Bay , Alabama , Coast Guard spokesman Carlos Vega said . Five people were initially reported missing , but one of them has since been been rescued , the Coast Guard said . More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race and as many as 50 people in all were rescued from the water , the Coast Guard said . Jeff Carter , deputy director of Mobile County Emergency Management , said his department is reporting that one person may have died . Besides overturned sailboats , one vessel hit a bridge , he said . Search and rescue efforts are ongoing , the Coast Guard said . Coast Guard Sector Mobile received a report at approximately 4:30 p.m. that a sailing regatta in Mobile Bay had been struck by severe weather , causing several vessels to capsize and leaving a number of people in the water . The Coast Guard and other agencies were on the scene Saturday night , Vega said . The Fairhope Yacht Club sponsors the Dauphin Island Race , according to the club website . The club says this is the 57th year for the event .	Coast Guard says about 50 people were rescued from Mobile Bay More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race , an annual event
Cairo  CNN  -- Wearing a purple polo and stylish Ray Ban sunglasses , Osama Morsy strolled into the interview room calm , confident , and defiant . "  What do I see in the coming days ? That the revolution will succeed and that the legitimate leader will return , " he said . "  The Egyptian people will never again be scared or petrified of a tank or terrorized by detention . " A little more than a week ago , Osama 's father , former President Mohamed Morsy , was forcibly ousted by the Egyptian military and swiftly replaced with a civilian transitional government . "  This is a coup of the revolution , a coup on democracy , a coup on the constitution and the will of the people . The defense minister is essentially saying to the millions that voted in presidential elections and on the constitutional referendum , ` you do n't know what is best for you . I know what is best for you ' . " Despite the younger Morsy 's outrage at his father 's ouster , the new government is continuing to fill posts . Interim Prime Minister Hazem El-Beblawi said that 70 % of the choices for ministers and ministerial posts have been completed , according to the state-run al-Ahram news agency . The final formation of the government is expected to be announced Monday , according to al-Ahram . Experts predict Egypt 's future For the millions of Egyptians who packed the streets in a nationwide revolt on June 30 and screamed "  Leave ! " at Mohamed Morsy , the word "  coup " is an insult , a dirty term that denigrates what they believe is revolution redux , but Osama vehemently disagrees . "  June 30 was not a revolution ! And history will never record it as a revolution . And no one , not the American administration or anyone else , can call it a revolution . Why ? Because there is no revolution in the world that brings military rule . There is no revolution in the word that cancels the ballot box . " That sentiment was echoed by Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan Thursday at a dinner in Ankara , according to Turkey 's semi-official news outlet Anadoly Agency . "  Every military coup , regardless of its target , country and reason , is the murderer of the democracy , people and the future of the country , " Erdogan said , adding that protests in Tahrir Square did not legalize the coup . With a 48-hour deadline imposed by the military looming , Mohamed Morsy spoke to his son for the last time before addressing the country on state television on July 2 . "  I asked him on a personal level , as a son , for him to remain defiant and move forward and not retreat in the face of the armed forces , " he said . "  The Mohamed Morsy that I know is a point of pride as a son , so the Mohamed Morsy that would back down or flee would be shameful to me , even if he stayed president . " Former President Morsy is currently being held in an undisclosed location for his "  personal safety , " Egyptian armed forces spokesman Col. Ahmed Ali told CNN , but for a son missing his father , these reassurances are meaningless . "  Do n't worry about his personal safety . No one , not the defense ministry or interior ministry , should worry about his personal safety , " Osama said sarcastically . "  If the situation is to hold him in this immoral and illegal detention , then he must be released ! And if it is a legal detention , then I welcome that , and let us follow the law . " Reporter notebook : Morsy a victim of Egypt 's revolution The green-eyed father of two had refused to speak in his broken English until the moment he was asked whether he tried to contact his father in custody . "  I am a part of the revolution and I am stronger than asking one of  the military  , ` please let me speak to my dad . ' No ! We are in a revolution . A new wave of the January 25 revolution ... our democracy path , we will not let it go . " The January 25 revolution of 2011 led to the ouster of longtime President Hosni Mubarak . Hundreds of Muslim Brotherhood supporters remain in detention , and the public prosecutor has issued dozens of arrest warrants for top leadership , but the younger Morsy chose to meet in broad daylight at one of the most recognizable mosques in Cairo . "  The revolution will succeed . The revolution that ended the Mubarak regime will continue strong . We know no other way than success , " Osama continued . "  This is a peaceful revolution against a bloody coup , but this revolution will be even more important than January 25 because it will strike at the root . This time the revolution will confront the apparatuses of Mubarak , not just the man himself . " More than two years after a popular uprising toppled former President Hosni Mubarak 's 30-year dictatorship , Egypt 's various political factions struggle for the ownership of their beloved "  thawra , " or revolution , a faceless and leaderless movement both the Brotherhood and its organized opposition seek to co-opt . "  We elected  Morsy  and succeeded him so he can confront challenges by the principles of the revolution , the concepts of a democratic transition , with sound democracy , and in this transition , individuals are not as important as the will of the masses . " Over and over again , the 30-year-old judge repeated the well-being of his father is secondary to the principles of democracy and the demands of thousands of pro-Morsy supporters staging a sit-in just outside the window . On Thursday , Morsy supporters continued their sit-in at Rabaa El-Adawiya and has planned to break their Ramadan fast there , Nile State TV reported . "  Mohamed Morsy , even though he is the president and even though he is elected and the legitimate leader , and despite his international standing and his role in the revolution , n he is not more important than the people killed at the Republican Guard , " Osama said , referring to the deaths of 51 people in clashes earlier this week . Despite his bold resilience , Osama longed to reach out to his missing father . He turned , looked straight into the camera and delivered this message : "  Dad , you are the legitimate leader , you are the elected leader and elected president . We back any decision you take , even if you decided to leave the office . Your family , we are all proud of you . God bless you . " CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Ali Younes , Mohammed Tawfeeq and journalist Sarah El Sirgany contributed to this report .	NEW : 70 % of ministerial posts filled , interim prime minister says , state media reports Osama Morsy calls his dad 's ouster "  a coup on democracy ... the constitution and the will of the people " He has not spoken to his father since Mohamed Morsy was taken into custody by the armed forces
Madrid  CNN  -- Spain 's Princess Cristina faces preliminary charges in a financial corruption scandal involving her husband , Inaki Urdangarin , the office of investigating magistrate Jose Castro announced Wednesday . It 's the first time since democracy was restored in Spain in 1975 that a direct member of King Juan Carlos ' family has faced preliminary charges of any kind , in any case , a spokesman for the Royal Household said . Urdangarin , the king 's son-in-law , already faces preliminary charges as a suspect in the fraud scandal that has created unprecedented problems for the popular royal family . He denies any wrongdoing . Now , both the princess and her husband are under investigation for allegedly diverting public funds earmarked for a non-profit foundation for private use . Late Wednesday , the Royal Household issued a statement saying it was surprised that the judge -- who last year said in an order that there were insufficient grounds to name the princess as a suspect with preliminary charges in the case -- had changed his mind . In his 18-page order Wednesday , the judge said that further investigation since last year had led to the decision to bring preliminary charges . The Royal Household statement also said that it is in "  absolute conformity " with an announcement by prosecutors that they will appeal the judge 's order to place preliminary charges on the princess . The Royal Household statement added that it maintains full respect for judicial decisions . Earlier Wednesday , the Royal Household press office tersely said that it does not comment on judicial decisions . But the story about the King 's daughter dominated the news in Spain and was getting prominent coverage abroad as well . Finally , the Royal Household opted for its statement late in the day , after the prosecutors announced their move , a senior spokesman told CNN . The judge 's order said Princess Cristina will be questioned on April 27 regarding "  the handling and destination of funds obtained " through her husband 's foundation and also a separate company . Urdangarin was granted the title of Duke of Palma when he married Princess Cristina , the king 's youngest daughter , in 1997 . Judge Castro is leading the investigation at a local court in Palma de Mallorca , in Spain 's Balearic Islands . An adviser to the royal household also has been implicated in the scandal . Earlier this year , a judge ordered Urdangarin and a former business associate , Diego Torrres , to deposit a joint bond of 8 million euros  $ 10.8 million  for potential civil damages . If not , the judge would move to embargo the assets of the two men , a court spokeswoman said . No trial has been set in the case , which has riveted national attention . Although preliminary charges have been announced , they could eventually be dropped , but a filing of indictments would set a trial in motion .	NEW : Royal family issues statement about judge 's decision , will appeal The scandal has riveted Spanish media Princess Cristina 's husband also faces preliminary charges The couple is under investigation for allegedly diverting public funds
When Susan Patton , a Princeton alumna , advised in an open letter that Princeton coeds find a husband before they graduate , she provoked an avalanche of responses that span the spectrum from "  good idea " to "  no way . " So , what should young women make of her advice ? It turns out that we actually know a lot about the consequences of choosing a mate at an early age . Most of it shows that , on average , delaying marriage confers a number of advantages to women -- and to men as well . Research over the last several decades has repeatedly demonstrated that women who postpone marriage are less likely to divorce , more likely to attain economic stability for themselves and their children , and more likely to express satisfaction with their family and work commitments . Even "  Knot Yet , " a recent report co-written by the National Marriage Project and concerned with the possible costs of postponing marriage , clearly shows that delayed marriage improves the socioeconomic prospects of women and their families  especially among more privileged groups  , reduces the chance of divorce and allows women to attain important life goals . Opinion : If only I 'd snagged a Princeton man It 's no mystery why this is the case . Amid our post-industrial , hi-tech economy , it takes longer to gain the personal insights and occupational skills needed to make a successful transition to adulthood . It takes time not just to develop the practical knowledge needed to negotiate a rapidly changing world but also to gain a clear sense of purpose about one 's own life and about the kind of person one wishes to have as a life partner . In my own research , young women from diverse backgrounds consistently agreed , in the words of one of my respondents , that "  you need to find out who you are first " before you are ready to choose a lifelong partner . This woman was the first member of her family to graduate from college . But whether they were graduates of an elite university or making their way through a community college while holding a full-time job , these young women were keenly aware of the challenges facing today 's relationships . They overwhelmingly hope to create a lasting marriage -- or "  marriage-like relationship " -- in the long run . But they also believe the best chance of making a marriage work is to first establish their own identity and independence . As another young woman put it , as she discussed her plans to finish college and find a good job before settling down , "  I want to be stable for myself , so I 'm not getting married prematurely . " These are just some of the reasons the average age at first marriage has been rising for several decades and now hovers around 27 for women and 29 for men . Younger generations have concluded , accurately , that their options do not contract after schooling , that they can take time to develop their own identities and make important life commitments , and that it may make sense to wait . If the evidence supporting the option of delayed marriage is so strong , why has a letter urging women to choose a partner early garnered so much attention ? Perhaps because , despite the crumbling barriers that have allowed women to enter the halls of once all-male enclaves such as Princeton , so much remains unchanged . Susan Patton never questions the norm that women should "  marry up " -- and by extension , men should marry "  down " -- on a variety of dimensions , including education , accomplishment and age .  Nor does she question the assumption that mate choice is universally heterosexual , but that is a topic for another debate .  Yet a thorough gender revolution means questioning such assumptions about how women  and men  select a life partner . Genuine equality means jettisoning assumptions that all women should choose a partner who is older , more professionally accomplished or even more intelligent . The young women I have interviewed are far more likely to stress the importance of such criteria as mutual support , respect and love in a marital partnership . Most of all , decisions about when and whom to marry are deeply personal , and advice that presumes "  one size fits all " is more likely to trigger unnecessary anxiety than to offer useful help . Instead of telling new generations what choices to make , we should turn our attention to creating the social supports and economic opportunities that will help them forge the more egalitarian relationships , satisfying work careers and work-family balance they desire , regardless of when -- and whether -- they marry .	Susan Patton , a Princeton alumna , advised women to find a husband before they graduate Kathleen Gerson : Research consistently show that delaying marriage is better for women She says women who marry later are less likely to divorce and attain important life goals Gerson : The decision one makes about when and whom to marry is deeply personal
CNN  -- The head of the U.N. Children 's Fund has expressed concern over a Saudi judge 's refusal for a second time to annul a marriage between an 8-year-old girl and a 47-year-old man . UNICEF 's Ann Veneman said consent can not be free if either party is too young to make an informed decision . "  Irrespective of circumstances or the legal framework , the marriage of a child is a violation of that child 's rights , " said Ann Veneman , executive director of UNICEF . "  The right to free and full consent to marriage is recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights . Consent can not be free and full when either party to a marriage is too young to make an informed decision . " The most recent ruling , in which the judge upheld his original verdict , was handed down Saturday in the Saudi city of Onaiza , where late last year the same judge rejected a petition from the girl 's mother , seeking a divorce for her daughter . Have your say by clicking here A relative said the judge , Sheikh Habib al-Habib , "  stuck by his earlier verdict and insisted that the girl could petition the court for a divorce once she reached puberty . " The family member , who requested anonymity , added that the mother will continue to pursue a divorce for her daughter . The case , which has drawn criticism from local and international rights groups , came to light in December when al-Habib declined to annul the marriage on a legal technicality . The judge ruled that the girl 's mother -- who is separated from her father -- was not the girl 's legal guardian and therefore could not represent her in court , Abdullah al-Jutaili , the mother 's attorney , told CNN at the time . The girl 's father , according to the lawyer , arranged the marriage in order to settle his debts with the man , who is a close friend of his . At the time of the initial verdict , the judge required the girl 's husband to sign a pledge that he would not have sex with her until she reaches puberty , al-Jutaili told CNN . The judge ruled that when the girl reaches puberty , she will have the right to request a divorce by filing a petition with the court , the lawyer said . Last month , an appeals court in the Saudi capital of Riyadh declined to certify the original ruling , in essence rejecting al-Habib 's verdict , and sent the case back to him for reconsideration . Under the complicated Saudi legal process , the appeals court ruling meant that the marriage was still in effect , but that a challenge to the marriage was still ongoing . The appeals court in Riyadh will now take up the case again and a hearing is scheduled for next month , according to the relative . The issue of child marriage has been a hot-button topic in the deeply conservative kingdom recently . While rights groups have petitioned the government for laws to protect children from such marriages , the kingdom 's top cleric has said that it 's OK for girls as young as 10 to wed. . "  It is incorrect to say that it 's not permitted to marry off girls who are 15 and younger , " Sheikh Abdul Aziz Al-Sheikh , the kingdom 's grand mufti , said in remarks last January , according to the regional Al-Hayat newspaper . "  A girl aged 10 or 12 can be married . Those who think she 's too young are wrong , and they are being unfair to her . " Al-Sheikh reportedly made the remarks when he was asked during a lecture about parents forcing their underage daughters to marry . "  We hear a lot in the media about the marriage of underage girls , " he said , according to the newspaper . "  We should know that sharia law has not brought injustice to women . " Sharia law is Islamic law . Saudi Arabia follows a strict interpretation of Islam called Wahhabism . CNN was unable to reach government officials for comment . Christoph Wilcke , a Saudi Arabia researcher for Human Rights Watch , told CNN in December that his organization has heard of many other cases of child marriages . "  We 've been hearing about these types of cases once every four or five months because the Saudi public is now able to express this kind of anger -- especially so when girls are traded off to older men , " Wilcke said . Wilcke said that although Saudi ministries might make decisions designed to protect children , "  It is still the religious establishment that holds sway in the courts , and in many realms beyond the court . " In December , Zuhair al-Harithi , a spokesman for the Saudi government-run Human Rights Commission , said his organization is fighting against child marriages . "  The Human Rights Commission opposes child marriages in Saudi Arabia , " al-Harithi said . "  Child marriages violate international agreements that have been signed by Saudi Arabia and should not be allowed . " He added that his organization has been able to intervene and stop at least one child marriage from taking place . Wajeha al-Huwaider , co-founder of the Society of Defending Women 's Rights in Saudi Arabia , told CNN that achieving human rights in the kingdom means standing against those who want to "  keep us backward and in the dark ages . " She said the marriages cause girls to "  lose their sense of security and safety . Also , it destroys their feeling of being loved and nurtured . It causes them a lifetime of psychological problems and severe depression . "	UNICEF : Marriage of a child is a violation of that child 's rights Judge said girl could petition "  once she reaches puberty , " relative tells CNN Girl 's father arranged her marriage to a 47-year-old to settle debts , lawyer says Girl 's mother says she will continue to seek daughter 's divorce
CNN  -- Welcome to "  The Voice 's " swiveling chairs , Gwen Stefani and Pharrell Williams . Season seven of NBC 's vocal competition kicked off Monday night , with Stefani and Williams as two of the series ' newest judges . Mainstays Adam Levine and Blake Shelton , the anchors of "  The Voice " as other stars like Christina Aguilera , CeeLo Green , Usher and Shakira have cycled through the judges ' panel , made sure to make them feel right at home during the premiere . In the words of Williams , "  This is going to be fun . " In case you 've forgotten how "  The Voice " works , four judges go through rounds of blind auditions to build up teams of singers , whom the judges will then put through their paces until America crowns one of the contestants "  The Voice . " Stefani can rely on her prowess as a multitalented entertainer -- she 's been a success as both part of a group and a solo artist , not to mention her fashion and beauty brands -- to woo vocal contenders over to her side . Her strategy worked well Monday , with Stefani able to grab Taylor John Williams , whose rendition of "  Heartless " caught both her and Levine 's attention , and "  Problem " singer Bryana Salaz for her team . Pharrell Williams has his experience as a powerhouse producer on his side and pulled two of the night 's best performers , Luke Wade and Elyjuh Rene , into his group . Shelton and Levine were not to be outdone . Levine landed young talent Clara Hong and Transportation Security Administration employee Damien , whose "  It 's So Hard to Say Goodbye to Yesterday " got all four judges to spin around in their chairs . Shelton , meanwhile , brought previous contestant Allison Bray into his fold , along with crooner James David Carter , whose "  Nobody Knows " had all the judges angling to work with him . All in all , you could say Stefani 's and Williams ' first foray on "  The Voice " was "  Hella Good . "	"  The Voice " launches its seventh season Gwen Stefani and Pharrell William debuts as new judges Each judge manages to grab two talented contestants
CNN  -- Seattle 's CenturyLink Field was shaking Saturday . Scientists have verified this . Nearly 70,000 of the Seattle Seahawks ' famously vocal fans registered on two seismometers , devices that measure motions of the ground , typically for earthquakes , installed for an NFL playoff game against the New Orleans Saints . It helped , of course , that Seattle won 23-15 . The Pacific Northwest Seismic Network webpage explained why the seismometers were placed in the stadium : "  This is an experiment to investigate how an excited crowd energizes the stadium structure to shake , and how that shaking propagates into the surrounding ground . " The stadium set a Guinness World Record for noise at an outdoor stadium last September , and went seismic last month in another game against New Orleans , registering at a recording station about a block from the stadium . Seattle fans also shook the earthquake recording station during a game in 2011 . Once again , the opponent was the New Orleans Saints . Last month 's game hit in the magnitude 1-to-2 range , John Vidale , a professor at the University of Washington and the director of the Pacific Northwest Seismic Network , said at the time . The magnitude for the playoff game was a little higher , he said Saturday , going on to explain that the instruments responded to the stomping and yelling of the fans . "  This game outclassed the game of a few weeks ago and was comparable to the game from three years ago , " Vidale said . Seismometers respond to vibrations , not noise , he said . "  We measure what you can feel as vibrations , " he said . "  We do n't read high frequency , as what people can hear . " It 's happened before , in Louisiana , of all places . In 1988 , fans at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge rocked the bayou in a come-from-behind victory over Auburn , registering on the campus seismograph .	Stomping and yelling of fans register on devices Seismometers respond to vibrations , scientist says Seahawks beat Saints 23-15
CNN  -- For first-timers in a Korean bathhouse , stripping naked and soaking for hours in tubs with strangers often comes as a jolt . The scrub corner in any jjimjilbang  Korean bathhouse/sauna/spa / adult playground  is the section newbies find most alarming . This is because the scrub corner traffics in a completely different kind of naked intimacy -- one in which a grumpy Korean woman in black lace underwear uses a coarse towel to scrub every corner of her guest/victim 's body . For most , it 's a punishing , yet oddly satisfying experience . It lasts about 40 minutes -- or a few minutes longer than you 'd find yourself in the ring for a championship prizefight . Good Korean scrub The intense Korean cleansing process  called "  seshin "  entails soaking the body in hot water , then rubbing it with a "  Korean Italy towel " -- a colorful , thin loofah with a sandpaper-like texture -- to rid the body of all the gunk , dirt and layers of dead skin that accumulate naturally . Rolls of dark , gray skin fall away as the ddemiri  scrub mistress  works away , revealing soft , pink layers of skin underneath . It 's an extraordinarily rejuvenating -- and , again , painful -- process that locals embrace as a weekly ritual with family and friends . Men and women have separate bathing areas and get scrubbed by members of their own gender . Gaining traction Korean scrubbing rituals have typically been embraced by few Westerners -- assorted Hollywood stars have gone in for quick sessions in LA 's Koreatown . Otherwise , the technique is largely unknown . Over the past year or so , however , according to Seoul 's Dragon Hill Spa head of public relations Hyun-Kyu Sang , the number of foreigners coming for scrubs is increasing . "  We 've been noticing tourists coming to Korea and staying two nights at a hotel , and one night here , at the spa , " says Sang , explaining that many foreign visitors opt for package deals that included a seshin option . "  A lot of tourists come to Korea and come here first , with their luggage , and get scrubbed to start their visit , " he says . Is the Korean-style scrub on its way to becoming the next global beauty trend ? If it is , we want to be among the first to check it out . That 's why we went to Seoul to ask the best scrub mistresses for tips on getting the most out of a scrub session . 1 . Do n't touch the shower gel While many bring their own fancy shower gel to the bathhouse to lather up before the scrub , it turns out that bar soap , not the liquid kind , is actually the way to go . "  Use the soap provided by the bathhouses during the pre-scrub shower and soak , " says Kim Jung Yeol , who 's been a scrub mistress at the Dragon Hill Spa in Yongsan , Seoul , for more than a decade . "  If you use body shampoo , the skin gets too slippery to scrub properly , and the ` dde '  dead skin rolls  does n't come off nearly as well . " 2 . Soak for 30 minutes in medium-hot water Impatient scrubees bolt out of soaking tubs after five or 10 minutes . Korean grandmothers stay in tubs seemingly for hours . But the optimal length for a pre-scrub soak is 30 minutes . Soaking in hotter water causes the skin to wrinkle faster  a good thing  , but according to a gaggle of ddemiri  scrub mistress  at Geumgansan Sauna in Hapjeong , customers should stay in the water temperature they 're most comfortable with , instead of attempting a hotter tub and calling it a day after a few minutes . "  Staying in the water to prune is most important , " says one ddemiri . 3 . Be completely bare This one may seem obvious , but scrub mistresses say many of their customers come to them without removing everything . This includes rings , earrings , glasses and other accessories . Those with long hair should bring their own hair-tie -- the ddemiri will tie their hair in a perfect bun . 4 . Seriously , relax "  Relax ! " is the instruction issued most often by the ddemiri . If the body is too rigid , the scrub mistress ca n't contort it into the positions necessary to get at every nook and cranny . It 's awkward and painful at first , but forcing the body to relax its muscles allows the ddemiri to get things done most effectively . "  Usually customers listen and then they end up having a lot of fun , " says Jung . 5 . The fun should come afterward This one surprises locals as well as foreigners . Though some think sitting in a spa 's various hot rooms before a scrub is an effective way to get the skin ready , ddemiris advise getting scrubbed before relaxing . "  If customers get scrubbed first and then go to the hot rooms , they 'll feel more refreshed , since the sweat is n't blocked by dirty pores , " says Jung . "  Then all they have to do after is rinse off in the shower . " 6 . Scrub weekly Scrubs should be booked once a week . Any more often , and there 's danger of over-exfoliation . But according to Jung , weekly scrubs improve skin vibrancy and blood circulation , as well as muscle relaxation . Jjimjilbangs to hit up for the best scrub Dragon Hill Spa , 40-713 Hangangro 3-ga Yongsan-gu , Seoul ; +82 2 797 0002 ; open 24 hours ; 11,000 - 13,000  $ 10 - $ 12  for admission , scrub prices vary The Spa in Garden 5 , 5/F 10 , TOOL Da-dong Garden5 , 292 Munjeong-dong Songpa-gu , Seoul ; +82 2 404 2700 ; open 24 hours ; 6,000 - 8,000  $ 5-7  for admission , scrub prices vary Spa Land , Centum City , 35 Centumnam-daero , Haeundae-gu , Busan ; +82 51 745 2900 ; open daily , 6 a.m.-midnight , admission : 12,000  $ 11  on weekdays and 14,000  $ 12  on weekends ; scrub starts at 20,000  $ 18	Getting scrubbed at a Korean jjimjilbang is a therapeutic , if painful , process Locals embrace scrubs as a weekly ritual A special towel scours dead skin off the body . Imagine you 're the engine block of a '92 Hyundai -- now how would you clean that ?
Tokyo  CNN  -- The image was horrific : A whimpering beagle , ribs showing through its fur , tethered to a post inside the no-go zone around the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl . The scene was captured by freelance journalists who drove through towns within a few kilometers of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , and who left food for the animal . But animal rescue activists who have braved the exclusion zone around the plant say there many others like it . "  I understand the nuclear danger and everything , but they 're just being left to starve to death , basically , " said Isabella Gallaon-Aoki of Japan Earthquake Animal Rescue and Support . Gallaon-Aoki and others like her have been slipping into the 20-km radius around Fukushima Daiichi to retrieve pets and feed livestock left behind when their owners were forced to evacuate . Pet owners have sent her group their addresses , accompanied by pleas to rescue their animals , left behind when they fled for what was supposed to be a short time . A month later , the volunteers are putting their long-term health on the line , putting on protective gear and entering the 20-km radius around the plant that was declared off-limits in the early days of the crisis . Hiroko Ito 's 5-year-old Shiba , Non , is among those rescued by Gallaon-Aoki 's group . Ito said she left food for the dog , but did n't expect to be gone a month . "  We tried to save him , but we could n't get in , " Ito said . Radiation levels recorded by photographers Shuji Ogawa and Naomi Toyoda were not high enough to cause immediate illness , but would pose potential health risks with prolonged exposure . Gallaon-Aoki said she knows the risks , "  but I feel personally that the risk that there is is worth taking for what I can achieve by doing so . " From the prime minister 's office to town halls , Japanese authorities told CNN they have no provisions for dealing with animals when their owners are ordered to clear out -- orders that have been expanded to other towns around the crippled power plant , which has been emitting radioactive particles since the March 11 earthquake and tsunami that knocked out its coolant systems . Gallaon-Aoki called that "  unforgivable . " "  I understand they have a huge problem as far as people are concerned . They are dealing with a lot , " she said . "  But , I mean , there are people and groups who would be willing to help , and surely they could kind of set some sort of well-coordinated effort . " The fate of the tethered beagle Ogawa and Toyoda captured on video was not known early Thursday .	Many owners left pets behind when evacuations were ordered "  We tried to save him , but we could n't get in , " one says Japan has no plans to retrieve animals from contaminated areas
Chinese authorities on Friday blocked access inside the country to the English and Chinese websites of The New York Times after they published an article reporting that family members of Premier Wen Jiabao had amassed a fortune worth billions of dollars . Citing corporate and regulatory records , The Times said it had pieced together evidence showing that Wen 's relatives have controlled assets worth at least $ 2.7 billion , often hiding their names "  behind layers of partnerships and investment vehicles involving friends , work colleagues and business partners . " China reacted angrily to the report , preventing people inside the country from visiting the two Times websites or searching for the terms "  New York Times " and "  Wen Jiabao " on popular social media platforms . Big Brother still watching : Internet censorship on the up "  It 's trying to blacken China 's image and has ulterior motives , " Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said in a response to a question about the article , which mentioned Wen 's son , daughter , younger brother and brother-in-law as being among those who had grown rich during Wen 's time in power . Asked about the decision to block the websites , Hong replied : "  China regulates the Internet in accordance with laws and regulations . " The Chinese government tries aggressively to control the flow information inside its borders about sensitive topics like unrest in Tibetan areas and criticism of senior officials . It strictly manages the output of domestic news media outlets and has a history of shutting off access to international news websites . Chinese authorities have blacked out the broadcast signal for international television stations like CNN and the BBC when they have aired sensitive reports about the country . The Times story about Wen 's family 's wealth comes at a particularly delicate time for the ruling Communist Party , only a matter of weeks before the start of the 18th Party Congress , at which the country 's next set of top leaders will be announced . Opinion : New ` democracies ' failing if speech is n't free Authorities have stepped up security in Beijing , where the congress , part of a once-in-a-decade leadership transition , will take place . This transfer of power has already been complicated by the dramatic and damaging scandal involving the former high-flying official Bo Xilai and his inner circle . In a country where official corruption is widespread , the top leadership is particularly sensitive to suggestions that its members or those close to them have become unusually wealthy . The growing divide between rich and poor after two decades of torrid economic growth has added to that defensiveness . The Times article on the wealth of Wen 's relatives comes four months after Bloomberg News reported that the extended family of Vice President Xi Jinping , the presumptive next top leader of China , had accumulated business interests worth hundreds of millions of dollars during his rise up the Communist Party ladder . Chinese authorities cut off access to the Bloomberg News website following publication of the article , which was also based on public documents . The blocking of the Times websites Friday also takes place four months after the introduction of the Chinese-language site , which the company said at the time was "  intended to draw readers from the country 's growing middle class " through a mixture of reporting by Chinese journalists and Times articles translated from English . The Times cited a company spokeswoman as expressing disappointment Friday that web access had been cut off . "  We hope that full access is restored shortly , and we will ask the Chinese authorities to ensure that our readers in China can continue to enjoy New York Times journalism , " said Eileen Murphy , according to The Times . "  We will continue to report and translate stories applying the same journalistic standards that are upheld across The New York Times . " The servers that host both the English and Chinese sites of the Times are outside mainland China , according to the news organization . Heavy hand of China 's sensors fuels online frenzy	N.Y. Times : Evidence shows Wen 's relatives have controlled assets worth at least $ 2.7 billion "  It 's trying to blacken China 's image and has ulterior motives , " a Chinese spokesman says The story comes at a particularly delicate time for the ruling Communist Party Official corruption is widespread in China , and the gap between rich and poor is growing
CNN  The burning death filmed , produced and edited on videotape is a watershed moment for ISIS and for the Kingdom of Jordan . It is clear now that ISIS was never going to release Lt. Muath al-Kaseasbeh , there was never going to be a deal . The hoax of an alternative outcome in exchange for the failed suicide bomber was nothing more than an effort to humiliate Jordan and demonstrate the growing power of the movement . The main objective of such a strategy is simply to widen the base of supporters in the region and inside of Jordan . The CIA says there are between 20,000 and 31,000 ISIS fighters in Iraq and Syria , and the great majority of these foreign fighters are from Jordan , Saudi Arabia and Tunisia . There are three messages to understand from today 's barbaric footage . First , ISIS is about death or nothing . There is no end game . This is not a movement that wants longevity as their every action is designed to alienate themselves from moderate Muslims and all other decent human beings . Their actions are designed to provoke violent response so that they can achieve martyrdom . There is no focus on expanding and maintaining their territorial boundaries as their external pushes are too infrequent to imply a master strategy and their fighting force , asymmetric and able but too thin to maintain an all-out conflict with the technologically superior western forces . The wider their spread , the weaker their ability to maintain the gains . There are no obvious objectives . The only result they want is more violence as violence is what swells their ranks . Second there is a history between ISIS and Jordan , which has cracked down on the group 's supporters , putting many in jail . ISIS started out with al Qaeda in Iraq , whose senior official was the Jordanian , Abu Musaab al Zarqawi . He split from al Qaeda because that group disagreed with his radical approach of even killing moderate Muslims . Zarkawi took his fighters and joined with elements of Al Nusra , which was fighting in Syria , laying the foundation for the creation of the modern-day ISIS . Zarkawi was killed in a U.S.-led strike in June 2006 . According to Candyce Kelshall from the Center for Security and Intelligence Studies at University of Buckingham "  there is a silent minority of supporters in the country but the majority moderate and outraged population 's cry will get louder . Many do n't want Jordan involved in the bombing campaign against ISIL -LSB- alternative name for ISIS -RSB- . This will cause cracks within the country . "  There is no underestimating the anger in Jordan over this . People want vengeance . Lt. Kaseasbeh came from a powerful family and a powerful clan within Jordan . This can not be underestimated in terms of Jordan 's next steps . " Jordan is a strong US ally and it would be inconceivable that the US is not going to respond to this in some capacity . The third message is a lesson taken from Somalia . Pirates in that lawless country were able to terrorize the East African waters because the world allowed it . Violence by the pirates became normalized and the west accepted the increased business and financial risk . Only when a focused crackdown was put in place did the success of piracy abate , however , as soon as the ships move , piracy will see a resurgence . This is the problem we face now with ISIS . Sending troops or assistance , or technical advisers or funding or weapons will only work so long as that assistance is maintained . Kelshall adds "  what we appease we allow . What we fight we make stronger ideologically . ISIL needs to be wiped out but it is the idea that their behavior is acceptable that must be wiped out . An eye for an eye will only consume the whole body , eventually . " Killing the idea that we accept this barbarism is the mission that must be embraced . There will be a response .	Every action by ISIS designed to alienate moderate Muslims and decent human beings , writes Zain Verjee Verjee : Only result they want is more violence as violence is what swells their ranks In Somalia only when a focused crackdown was put in place did the success of piracy abate , she adds
Washington  CNN  -- If case you had any doubts , do n't -- Bill Clinton 's fully on board President Barack Obama 's re-election effort . "  Barack Obama deserves to be re-elected president of the United States , " the former president said Sunday night , as he joined the current officeholder at a fundraiser for the Obama re-election campaign . It was a very different story four years ago , when Clinton was the biggest and most vocal supporter of his wife , Hillary Clinton , in her historic battle against Obama for the Democratic presidential nomination . Clinton was a critic of then-Sen . Obama , arguing that the freshman senator was n't ready to handle the duties of the Oval Office . Among Clinton 's most controversial comments came when he challenged Obama 's claim to be more against the Iraq War than Hillary Clinton . "  Give me a break . This whole thing is the biggest fairy tale I 've ever seen , " the former president said at the time . But that was then . After Hillary Clinton ended her bid for the nomination , she and her husband took to the campaign trail to help Obama win the White House . The rest is history : Sen. Obama became President Obama and Sen. Clinton became Secretary of State Clinton . Now , as Obama runs for a second term in the White House , Bill Clinton will once again serve as one of the current president 's most high-profile surrogates . "  I think he is beating the historical standard for coming out of a financial collapse and a mortgage collapse . I think the last thing you want to do is to turn around and embrace the policies that got us into trouble in the first place , " Clinton said at the Sunday fundraiser at the Virginia home of former Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe , a longtime member of the Clinton inner circle . "  We need to keep going forward by re-electing Barack Obama president of the United States . " Later , at the same event , Obama praised his predecessor and joked that "  you guys get two presidents for one out of this event , which is a pretty good deal . " But it 's not just fundraisers -- the former president had the starring role in an Obama campaign video that generated a lot of buzz after it went up online Friday . "  The president is the decider in chief . Nobody can make that decision for you , " Clinton says in the Web video , discussing Obama 's decision-making process to give the go-ahead to carry out the raid that killed Osama bin Laden . Tuesday is the one-year anniversary of the al Qaeda leader 's death . "  Look , he knew what would happen . Suppose the Navy SEALs had gone in there and it had n't been bin Laden . Suppose they had been captured or killed . The downside would have been horrible for him , but he reasoned , ' I can not in good conscience do nothing . ' He took the harder and the more honorable path and the one that produced in my opinion the best result , " Clinton adds in the video . The video also questions whether Mitt Romney , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , would have given the same order . An Obama re-election official told CNN , "  What 's clear is that the Democratic Party is unified for the 2012 campaign , " and added that "  President Clinton will help raise money for the campaign at three fundraisers and we anticipate more activity on the trail as the election approaches . " The former president can help the current White House occupant in a number of ways : Clinton 's an extremely talented political strategist and surrogate who can campaign for the president in places such as the Rust Belt and parts of rural America where Obama may not be so popular . With the economy remaining the top issue on the minds of Americans , someone like Clinton touting Obama could remind them of better economic times . "  Former President Clinton represents economic strength in the eyes of most Americans , " Democratic strategist and CNN contributor Paul Begala said . "  There is no one with more economic credibility than President Clinton -- so when he says President Obama will revive the economy and save the middle class , folks listen . I expect to see Clinton making the case all over the country in 2012 , " added Begala , who was a top adviser in the Clinton White House and who now is a senior adviser to Priorities USA , the pro-Obama super PAC . Beyond his campaigning and fundraising , Clinton has also come to Obama 's aid in his elder statesmen missions for the Obama administration in Haiti and North Korea . And while offering constructive criticism of some of Obama 's actions in the first two years of his presidency in his 2011 book "  Back to Work , " Clinton also makes the case for the Obama White House and appears to mark a warmer relationship between the two men . Expect the requests for Bill Clinton to keep coming . A source close to the former president points out that since Hillary Clinton 's role as secretary of state will continue to keep her off the campaign trail this cycle , the former president will be busier than ever . Of course , there appears to be something in this equation for Clinton too . By lending Obama a helping hand , Clinton continues to erase any lingering bad memories from the Clinton-Obama clash during the 2008 primaries . And just in case his wife decides to make another bid for the White House in 2016  never say never  , helping Team Obama now could pay dividends in four years .	Four years ago , Bill Clinton was the biggest and most vocal supporter of Hillary Clinton Now , the former president will be a high-profile surrogate for President Obama Bill Clinton recently appeared in a buzzworthy Obama campaign web video Clinton can help Obama by reminding voters of better economic times
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suspected U.S. drone strike killed 17 people and wounded three Sunday in Pakistan 's volatile tribal region , Pakistani intelligence officials said . The strike occurred in Babar Ziarat , which borders the Pakistani provinces of North and South Waziristan , near the Afghan border , the officials said . Those killed and injured in the strike were believed to be militants , the officials said . The attack follows two suspected U.S. drone strikes in the same area last week that killed 15 people , including a Taliban commander with ties to the Pakistani military . Taliban commander Mullah Nazir , also known as Maulvi Nazir Wazir , was killed in a strike in South Waziristan , officials said . Nazir was at odds with the Pakistani Taliban over a peace agreement he signed with the Pakistani government in 2007 . As part of the deal , he refused to attack the Pakistani government or military targets , though he was believed to be behind a number of attacks that targeted the U.S. military . Nazir narrowly escaped a suicide bomb attack in early December . After the attack , he warned the Mehsud tribe , which includes Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud , to vacate South Waziristan or face consequences . Also killed in that strike were two of Nazir 's deputies , the officials said . In recent years , the U.S. government has sharply stepped up the use of drone attacks in Pakistan 's mostly ungoverned tribal region , widely believed to be a safe haven for militant groups fueling the insurgency in Afghanistan . U.S. officials say the drone strikes are an effective strategy against militant groups and insist civilian casualties are rare .	The strike occurred in the Babar Ziarat region between Pakistan 's North and South Waziristan Pakistani intelligence officials say the drone fired 10 missiles , killing 17 people Last week , a suspected U.S. drone strike killed a Taliban commander
CNN Student News  -- September 21 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day What challenges might international reporters face when covering the decades-long Israeli-Palestinian conflict ? How might news reports differ between Israeli and Palestinian news organizations ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . On what date is the 2012 U.S. presidential election ? * * 2 . The U.S. is leading international naval exercises around what Middle Eastern strait ? * * 3 . Which American political party is nicknamed the Grand Old Party ? * * 4 . What North American country 's independence day is September 16th ? * * 5 . Which U.S. Constitutional amendment addresses the freedom of religion ? * * 6 . What holiday , sometimes known as the Day of Repentance , is the Jewish New Year ? * * 7 . What was the last space shuttle built by NASA ? * * 8 . Who was the first U.S. president known as a Democrat ? * * 9 . Who is the mayor of Chicago ? * * 10 . What state was the first to ratify the U.S. Constitution ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- Sen. Elizabeth Warren has just been handed a giant political opportunity . After spending several years championing the cause of the consumer and railing against the power of big banks , the Massachusetts Democrat may be perfectly positioned to react to the revelation of secretly taped conversations within the Federal Reserve that have exposed the cozy relationship that exists between the regulators in Washington and the regulated on Wall Street . The tapes , which were made in 2012 , involve examiners for the New York Federal Reserve who are heard being protective and deferential to Goldman Sachs when discussing some financial transactions that the firm had undertaken . Their actions were said to be "  legal but shady . " One of the Federal Reserve officials on the tape explains that they should not be too tough with the banks to make sure the lines of communication remain open in the future : "  We do n't want to discourage Goldman from disclosing these types of things in the future and therefore maybe you know some comment that says do n't mistake our inquisitiveness , and our desire to understand more about the marketplace in general , as a criticism of you as a firm necessarily . " The tapes have shocked many listeners because they reveal how weak the rules are and , even worse , how the regulators do n't have much interest in being tough with the banks . Years after the horrendous financial collapse of 2008 that led to international economic havoc , Washington is not doing very much to improve the situation . There have been many critics of the Dodd-Frank legislation who have warned that the law fell short , but to actually hear these conversations has a more powerful impact . As Warren said on an interview with NPR 's Morning Edition , when people listen to the tapes "  for a moment , -LSB- they -RSB- get to be the fly on the wall that watches all of it , and there it is to be exposed to everyone : the cozy relationship , the fact that the Fed is more concerned about its relationship with a ` too-big-to-fail ' bank than it is with protecting the American public . " Warren , who was instrumental to the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , reacted to the substance of the tape by arguing that "  the point of these tapes is that the regulators are backing off long before anyone 's in court making a legal argument about whether or not they came right up to the line or they crossed over the line . " She has called for oversight hearings as soon as possible . The weakness of our regulatory system for finance is an issue that deserves attention , and it is a policy problem that attracts the interest of liberals , conservatives and moderates , all of whom have been stung by the economic toll of the financial meltdown . Anger toward the banking system is one of the few issues that provides a common thread between the disparate parts of our political world . Tea party Republicans hate the intimate connections between banking and politicians as much as do left-wing Democrats . If Warren handles oversight hearings on this problem in the right way , they could attract huge interest and really define who she is as a national politician , right as the 2016 presidential race heats up . In this case , politics and policy can work hand in hand . Given the widespread concern about this problem and Warren 's skill at handling this issue , these could shape up to be hearings that have the same kind of impact as Sen. William Fulbright 's classic interrogation of officials about Lyndon Johnson 's Vietnam policies in 1966 or the select committee investigation of Watergate in 1973 when Sen. Sam Ervin revealed all the wrongs that Richard Nixon had committed . Right now the Democratic playing field for 2016 is more fluid than many think . While former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , assuming she runs , would be a formidable candidate and a clear frontrunner , there is also still room for another candidate to challenge her and potentially to rise to the top of the pack . While many names have been mentioned , like Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley or former Virginia Sen. James Webb , nobody other than Clinton generates the kind of excitement as does Elizabeth Warren . Clinton exposed some of her own vulnerabilities during the roll out for her book "  Hard Choices , " and there still remains big questions as to whether Democrats will want a fresher voice , one who speaks more directly to the populist economic tradition of the party , as their candidate . While today it seems inevitable that she will be the party 's nominee in 2016 , Hillary Clinton learned in 2008 that "  inevitable " does n't always cut it . Warren has said that she wo n't run for the presidency . But these kinds of statements rarely are the best way to predict what a candidate will actually do . The Fed tapes might prove to be the development that moves her to the front and center of the public eye . Oversight hearings would be a way to expose her to a large national audience and to demonstrate that she is deeply invested in solving the economic problems that have harmed the security of Americans and been at the heart of the laggard economic conditions that define our era . Warren has been a huge attraction on the campaign trail during the past few months , speaking about these very issues and promising to devote her time to this cause . Ever since Massachusetts Sen. Ted Kennedy died , Democrats have not been able to find a new liberal lion to champion the progressive economic traditions that been so integral to the party since the New Deal . President Obama , who many Democrats thought would be that person , has failed to live up to expectations . He surrounded himself with economic advisors who were comfortable with the status quo and whose pragmatism pushed him away from the bolder policies that the Democratic base hoped for . Now , with the disclosure of these tapes , Warren has a very real chance to prove to Democrats that she is the new voice .	Sen. Elizabeth Warren has been handed a big political opportunity , says Julian Zelizer Tapes point to signs that U.S. regulators failed to aggressively challenge Goldman Sachs Warren says tape expose cozy relationship with a "  too big to fail " bank Zelizer : Warren could use hearings on Goldman as a launching point for a presidential run
Paris , France  CNN  -- A woman has been charged over the discovery of the bodies of eight newborn babies at two locations in northern France , the French Interior Ministry said Thursday . Gendarmes found the remains in the village of Villers-au-Tertre , south of Lille , some in a home and others in the garden of another home . The woman has admitted giving birth to and killing the babies and has been charged with voluntary manslaughter , prosecutor Eric Vaillant said . But her husband has not been charged after telling investigators he knew nothing of the pregnancies and deaths , he said . The couple are in their mid-forties . The woman is a nursing assistant while her husband is a member of the local council , a neighbor told AFP . "  These are attractive , helpful , polite and courteous people , who did nothing to make you think them capable of anything abnormal , " he said . Another resident said the couple had two grown-up daughters and were grandparents , AFP said . The pair had lived in the village for at least 15 years , neighbors said . Former mayor Daniel Collignon said Villers-au-Tertre was a quiet , rural community . "  I 'm still in shock , " he told AFP . Police said a man digging in his backyard found the remains of two newborn children and called police . The man said he bought the home from another couple who live a few minutes ' drive away . When police searched the couple 's home with sniffer dogs they found the bodies of six infants , they said . Psychotherapist Lucy Beresford told CNN that very little was known about the circumstances of infanticide because it was a taboo subject . Research suggested that women who denied or concealed their pregnancies , for whatever reason , were a "  high-risk " group , she said . But other factors could trigger infanticide as well . "  It could actually be to do with the social isolation of the mother , or it could be their psychopathology prior to pregnancy , " Beresford told CNN . "  For example , do they have a history of substance abuse or other mental health concerns that have contributed to them being in this situation which they can not accept as a reality ? " Postnatal depression could also be a possible contributory factor , she said . "  That could be because when they 're depressed they 're not really of sound mind . It could be that they genuinely believe they are unworthy to be a parent . Or it could just be the level of disordered thinking that comes with being depressed . " CNN 's Phil Black contributed to this report .	The bodies of eight infants were found in village in northern France Woman charged with voluntary manslaughter Neighbors say couple are in their mid-40s ; Former mayor "  shocked "
Athens  CNN  -- After yet more financial turmoil and political wrangling , citizens in Greece readied to hit the polls Sunday to decide an election that may determine the debt-stricken country 's future in the eurozone and significantly impact the global economy . Two parties , New Democracy and Syriza , are considered to be front-runners going into the vote . Campaigning has now ended but in the last official polls they were running neck-and-neck . No new polls are allowed in the 14 days before voting takes place . What will Greek elections mean for the country 's future ? Should a working majority emerge under the leadership of the moderate New Democracy party , Greece may follow through with the next installment of public spending cuts demanded by its "  troika " of creditors : the European Commission , the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank . But if the left-wing Syriza party emerges as the largest , with its commitment to tear up the current bailout agreement , markets will begin to anticipate a "  disorderly exit " from the eurozone . Sunday 's election was called after an initial ballot on May 6 , the first since Greece 's financial crisis exploded , failed to deliver a majority for any one party and talks to create a government failed . Since then , Greece -- whose people have been suffering under a heavy burden of painful austerity measures , high unemployment and a long-running recession -- has been roiled by uncertainty and division . Global markets have also been volatile amid fears that Greece could exit the euro currency union , a step that could drag down other ailing euro nations and send shock waves through the world 's financial markets . Many voters were focused on Greece 's Euro 2012 soccer match against Russia on Saturday night in Warsaw -- a welcome distraction from the political drama playing out at home , especially after Giorgos Karagounis 's goal helped propel the Greek side into the high-profile tournament 's quarterfinal round . A wild election weekend for Greece , France and Egypt Some analysts fear Sunday 's election could again result in no clear winner , leaving Greece with a weak caretaker government at a time when the nation needs clear leadership . Syriza leader Alexis Tsipras has threatened to renege on the terms of Greece 's bailout , but he has also expressed a desire to remain in the euro currency union . Antonis Samaras , leader of New Democracy , has said his party wants to remain in the eurozone and alter existing policies , including stringent austerity measures , to "  achieve development and offer people relief . " New Democracy and the Socialist Pasok party were punished by voters in the last election for supporting the bailout program , as well as for agreeing to the austerity measures that came with it . Greece must identify additional budget cuts by the end of June to be considered "  compliant " with the terms of its bailout program . The future of Europe : 3 scenarios Speaking to his Cabinet for the last time Friday , interim Prime Minister Panagiotis Pikrammenos praised the spirit of teamwork the caretaker government had shown in office . In these difficult hours , he said , "  Greece will have a much better outcome if we all put aside our differences and work towards the common good of this nation . " His government had dealt with very difficult issues in the past 30 days , he said , and its work would continue until a new elected government was in place . The situation in Greece is likely to be on the minds of world leaders as they meet in Mexico on Monday for the Group of 20 summit . Some experts argue that a potential Greek exit would be manageable , assuming the European Central Bank and European Union policymakers respond aggressively . As economic crisis bites , Greece 's children pay the price But others worry that such an unprecedented event would cause chaos in financial markets and shock the global economy . What does it mean to be Greek right now ? Tell us on CNN iReport . CNN 's Irene Chapple and Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	NEW : The Greek soccer team 's win in Euro 2012 provides a welcome distraction Greek voters are preparing to go to the polls Sunday in a pivotal election Observers say the country 's future in the euro currency union hangs in the balance The left-wing Syriza party has threatened to renege on the terms of Greece 's bailout
British journalist John Cantlie had n't been seen in nearly two years . Now , he 's the latest hostage to be paraded out by ISIS -- forced to deliver the group 's message . In a video released Thursday , Cantlie -- wearing an orange shirt and seated alone at a desk with a black backdrop -- says he is sending what will be the first in a series of messages on behalf of the group that calls itself the Islamic State . Since Cantlie is delivering ISIS propaganda and makes clear in the video he is speaking under duress , CNN is not showing the video on its platforms . In recent weeks , ISIS has drawn growing attention for spewing brutal propaganda across social media -- messages meant both to terrify and recruit Westerners . The group appears to have a well-funded , well-organized social media and video production effort . Its videos are slickly produced , with high production values . This month , a federal law enforcement official told CNN a former Boston resident and U.S. citizen may have joined ISIS and started helping with its online efforts . Cantlie , a photojournalist who also wrote several articles for major British newspapers , was kidnapped in November 2012 along with American journalist James Foley . ISIS released a video showing Foley 's execution last month . This month the group released videos showing the executions of two other Western hostages , American journalist Steven Sotloff and British aid worker David Haines . Cantlie 's LinkedIn profile describes him as a journalist and photographer with 20 years ' experience specializing in working in hostile environments , including Afghanistan , Somalia , Libya and Syria . "  I love stories of ordinary people in extraordinary circumstances , " he wrote in an online portfolio describing his work . He was previously abducted in Syria with a Dutch journalist in July 2012 . Both were shot when they tried to escape through a hole in their tent . "  We stepped out the back and ran for our lives , " he said in a television interview describing the failed escape attempt . Several days later , they were rescued by Free Syrian Army rebels . On his return , Cantlie reported that some of the hostage-takers were British , including a London-based doctor who treated his gunshot wounds . In London 's Sunday Times , he described his experience being held at a camp in Syria . The British citizens there were seemingly of mixed ethnicities and spoke of a wider war after Syria "  because when they learn that Sharia  law  is spreading into Syria , then we will be at war with America , " Cantlie told the Times . Just a few months later , Cantlie returned to Syria , only to be kidnapped again . In the video , he says he was captured by the Islamic State after he returned to Syria in November 2012 . Now , ISIS is using him , as a journalist , as a British hostage , forcing him to deliver their message . In the video , Cantlie says he will be telling the story of the other side of ISIS . "  You 're thinking , ` He 's only doing this because he 's a prisoner . He 's got a gun at his head , and he 's being forced to do this . ' Right ? Well , it 's true . I am a prisoner . That I can not deny , " Cantlie says in the video . "  But seeing as I 've been abandoned by my government and my fate now lies in the hands of the Islamic State , I have nothing to lose . " Contacted by CNN about the video , a British official said the Foreign & Commonwealth Office is assessing the production , considering its implications and trying to contact Cantlie 's family . Friends of British hostage Alan Henning plead with ISIS to let him go	A British official says authorities are assessing the video British journalist John Cantlie is in a video released by ISIS He says he was abducted by the group in November 2012 Cantlie was kidnapped with U.S. journalist James Foley
CNN  -- Americans talk a good game about wanting to eat well . More than 75 percent claim they want to see more healthy options on restaurant menus . But when it comes time to order , only about half say they actually make nutritious choices , according to a recent survey . Steakhouse portions often exceed the recommended five to seven ounces of animal protein per day . On the other hand , 77 percent rank taste as the top priority for a restaurant dinner , and 44 percent say satisfying hunger matters most , according to the responses reported in June by Mintel , a market research firm . Of 2,000 adults polled in February , 20 percent said food health is an important factor when they order dinner . Still , nutrition experts stress that it is possible to satisfy your taste buds and hunger while making nice to your heart . "  Eating out with friends and family is a pleasure you do n't have to give up when you 're on a special diet , " said Anne Cain , a registered dietitian and senior editor at MyRecipes.com . "  You just need to arm yourself with information about heart-healthy choices and not be afraid to ask questions about the menu and make special requests . "  MyRecipes.com is owned by Time Warner , the parent company of CNN . Every person 's needs are different when it comes to what he or she should eat , health experts say . "  There are some people that really have to worry about calories , there are some people that really have to worry about sugar , some people that really have to worry about salt . All of these bring in different kinds of mandates for you , " said Riska Platt , a registered dietitian and spokeswoman for the American Heart Association . Still , some foods are more likely than others to derail a heart-healthy diet . Here are some tips to help you eat for your heart when dining out . Chinese Instead of oil - and fat-laden dishes such as lo mein , egg rolls , kung pao chicken or fried rice , try steamed chicken , seafood or tofu with vegetables , and ask for sauce on the side . "  Chinese food can be a hidden salt mine , "  said Sari Greaves , a registered dietitian and spokeswoman for the American Dietetic Association . Ordering it "  as unadorned as possible " and with sauces on the side will help you control your sodium intake . Soups such as egg-drop and hot-and-sour are low-calorie and low-fat , but may also be "  salt bombs , " Greaves said . But despite the poor reputation eggs have for their high-cholesterol properties , low-fat dieters do n't have to steer clear of egg-drop soup , she said : "  It 's saturated fat and trans fat in your diet that raise your blood cholesterol , more so than cholesterol in your diet . " Stir-fried dishes are also a safe bet because they 're generally cooked quickly and with very little oil . On the other hand , watch out for foods designated "  crispy " or "  double-sauteed , " which indicate deep-fried dishes , said Greaves . Sandwich shop Instead of a sandwich on white bread , a white roll or white wrap and topped with mayonnaise or cheese , try whole-grain bread options topped with vegetables , mustard or olive oil , and little to no cheese . Watch out for deli meats , which often contain a lot of salt , Platt said . Hummus can be a good alternative to mayonnaise or cheese , as it contains heart-healthy fat . Platt endorses hummus , which is made from chickpeas , because it helps Americans fit legumes into their diet . Just do n't overload on it , because the calories can add up . Platt also suggests skipping oversized muffins . Even if they 're bran muffins and consequently high in fiber , they 're full of fat , sugar and calories . Breakfast wraps can also be detrimental to a heart-healthy diet , especially when an entire salt - and fat-heavy meal of eggs , cheese and bacon is packed into a compact package . Italian Instead of pasta topped or filled with cream , cheese or meat , try grilled , broiled or poached seafood with a small order of pasta with garlic and oil or tomato sauce . Greaves suggests ordering shellfish such as shrimp , mussels or clams at an Italian restaurant , as long as they are n't deep-fried or cooked in butter . Although these shellfish might be higher in cholesterol than salmon or tilapia , she said , they 're still very low in saturated fat . If you do want cheese in your meal , add a sprinkling of parmesan atop a dish instead of gobs of cheese as the centerpiece of your meal . And for an appetizer , Greaves recommends skipping the meat - and cheese-heavy antipasto salad in favor of shrimp cocktail , which is low in saturated fat . Also , pair bread with heart-healthy olive oil , not butter . Oil is rich in calories , though , so do n't overdo it . Japanese Instead of tempura-style rolls or rolls with mayonnaise  think spicy tuna  , try fresher sushi with fish high in cardio-friendly omega-3 fatty acids , such as salmon , tuna , mackerel or halibut . The avocado in California rolls also carries heart-healthy benefits . Edamame , which are green soybeans , may indirectly lower your blood cholesterol and are a good source of fiber and omega-3s , Greaves said . But if you 're monitoring your sodium intake , request that the salt be omitted . Be on the lookout for the word "  kewpie , " or Japanese mayonnaise , if you 're trying to cut back on saturated fat . Steakhouses Instead of a full portion of steak , try limiting your meat intake by ordering a beef kebab , or a chicken or seafood selection cooked without butter or salt . Choose lean cuts of beef such as round , sirloin , chuck , flank steak or tenderloin . Remove any visible fat that may be attached to the cooked meat , Cain said . The American Heart Association recommends eating five to seven ounces of animal protein per day , and a 12-ounce steak at a restaurant far exceeds that , Platt said . Split a steak with one of your dining partners , or eat half and take the rest home for another meal . Steakhouses also offer deceptively fattening sides , such as creamed spinach or fully loaded baked potatoes . Swap out those fatty sides for steamed vegetables , and you 'll be in better shape . Mexican Instead of a cheese-filled burrito or taco , try a seafood , chicken or vegetable fajita . The seafood or chicken will provide lean , healthy protein , while a vegetable centerpiece will boost your fiber intake . If you get beans , make sure they 're not refried ; black beans provide protein and fiber without artery-clogging saturated fat , Greaves said . You can also cut down on saturated fat by opting for pico de gallo or salsa instead of sour cream . Since it 's made from heart-healthy avocados , guacamole contains good fat that can lower bad LDL cholesterol while raising good HDL cholesterol . Just limit your intake to about two tablespoons , Greaves said , because it can carry a lot of calories . Greaves also warns that you should watch out for salted rice and rice with cheese -- no-no 's for people on low-sodium or low-fat diets .	Dietitian : Be heart-friendly by asking how things are prepared , making requests "  Chinese food can be a hidden salt mine , " another dietitian says At steakhouses , portion size can present a challenge Watch out for "  kewpie , " or Japanese mayonnaise , at sushi restaurants
CNN  -- Liverpool moved to the top of the English Premier League with a 4-0 win over Tottenham Hotspur at Anfield on Sunday . Two goals in either half saw Spurs soundly beaten by the Reds for the second time this season -- Brendan Rodgers ' side handed out a 5-0 thrashing at White Hart Lane last December . After laboring to victory over Sunderland in midweek , Liverpool returned to their more fluent ways with another lively attacking display . Spurs defender Younes Kaboul helped them on their way with an own goal in the second minute . The French center-back turned Glen Johnson 's low cross past Hugo Lloris and was at fault for Liverpool 's second as well in the 25th minute . This time , Kaboul mis-controlled a sloppy pass from substitute Michael Dawson  on for injured Jan Vertonghen  allowing Luis Suarez to steal in for his 29th goal in 26 league games with a pinpoint shot past Lloris ' outstretched fingers . The Uruguayan nearly scored again four minutes before the break , but this time the French goalkeeper repelled him , palming a fierce header onto the crossbar before the ball rebounded to safety . Liverpool continued the second half where they left off the first , enjoying the lion 's share of possession and creating chances . Jordan Henderson should have put the game to bed in the 53rd minute but fired wastefully over after being teed up by Raheem Sterling . It mattered not . Two minutes later , Philippe Coutinho ended a purposeful run with an emphatic 20-yard drive to sink Spurs . The match was over , but Liverpool were n't done yet as Henderson made up for his earlier miss with a 75th-minute free kick which found its way through a crowd of players and into the net . Liverpool 's eighth league win in a row means they move two points clear of Chelsea at the top of the table with 71 points from 32 games . Jose Mourinho 's side slumped to a 1-0 defeat away to Crystal Palace on Saturday , giving credence to the Portuguese manager 's long-held assertion that the Blues are not favorites for this year 's title . Earlier on Sunday , Everton stepped up the pressure on fourth-placed Arsenal with a 3-1 win over struggling Fulham at Craven Cottage . Roberto Martinez 's team have now won their last five league games and stay in fifth , while Fulham 's fourth loss in five leaves them anchored to the foot of the table with 24 points with six matches remaining . Everton now have 60 points , leaving them four behind Arsenal ahead of the Gunners ' trip to Goodison Park next Sunday . In Italy , third-placed Napoli beat Serie A leaders Juventus 2-0 allowing second-placed Roma -- who beat Sassuolo 2-0 earlier in the day -- to close the gap at the top of the table to 11 points . There were also wins for Lazio , who beat Parma 3-2 ; Hellas Verona were 3-0 winners over Genoa and Torino beat Cagliari 2-1 . Sampdoria and Fiorentina drew 0-0 . Meanwhile in Spain , there were wins for Getafe who beat Valencia 3-1 and Valladolid who overcame Almeria 1-0 . La Liga 's other two fixtures ended in stalemate with both Osasuna and Real Sociedad and Villarreal 's match with Elche finishing 1-1 . Read more : Chelsea 's title hopes dip after upset loss	Liverpool go top of English Premier League following 4-0 win over Spurs Two goals in either half see Brendan Rodger 's side move two points clear Everton keep up chase for fourth place with a 3-1 win against Fulham
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- World powers meeting Friday in Tunisia called for a political solution in Syria and what one diplomat called a "  tsunami wave " of pressure to peel away internal support for the embattled regime of Bashar al-Assad . "  We agreed on increasing the pressure on Assad , getting humanitarian aid in as quickly as possible and preparing for a democratic transition , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters . "  That was my message , and that was the message of the chairman statement that reflected the consensus reached here . " That consensus was reached during a day of meetings by the "  Friends of Syria " in the cradle of the Arab Spring , where participants laid out the groundwork for a political transition in Syria , not unlike the international planning that preceded the changes in Libya , where Moammar Gadhafi 's regime was toppled last year . Representatives of dozens of countries and entities developed a plan to deliver immediate humanitarian aid , to give political legitimacy to the Syrian opposition and to endorse the idea of a joint Arab-U.N. peacekeeping force . As the conference unfolded , Red Crescent volunteer rescue crews evacuated seven wounded people in the besieged Syrian city of Homs to Al Amin Hospital on the outskirts of the city 's Baba Amr neighborhood , a spokeswoman for the International Committee of the Red Cross said . Twenty unhurt Syrians were also taken to safety , she said . The evacuation of victims marks a glimmer of hope for residents who 'd been pinned down under shelling and sniper fire for weeks . ICRC spokeswoman Carla Haddad Mardini told CNN that the organization planned to ask Syrian authorities for a pause in the fighting every day . "  We would prefer to have a two-hour humanitarian pause daily , where we would enter the different affected areas , including Homs , and deliver much-needed humanitarian aid , " she said in a telephone interview from Geneva . Asked whether international journalists wounded in the city would be taken out , Mardini said the mission was "  to evacuate all wounded and sick in urgent need of medical assistance without any exception . " The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  , citing an official source at the Foreign Ministry , said Red Crescent vehicles were dispatched Friday , "  for humanitarian considerations , to retrieve the foreign journalists who entered Syria illegally . The source added that the armed groups in Baba Amr declined to hand over an injured journalist and the bodies of two others , which jeopardizes the life of the injured journalist and thwarts efforts to return the two bodies to their countries . " Activists acknowledged that they had declined to turn over the journalists ' bodies or the wounded journalists unless civilians also were taken to safety . They said the wounded journalists agreed with that decision . In addition , they said , Friday 's ambulance runs were carried out as shelling continued in the area . The meeting in Tunis took place as Syrian security forces continued a nearly year-long crackdown on civilian protesters . European foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said Friday that the "  humanitarian situation and lack of access for food and medical supplies is our most urgent and immediate concern . " At least 103 people were killed Friday . The dead include 18 corpses found in the Hama province town of Khatab and 30 people in Homs , the epicenter of resistance that has endured 21 days of daily shelling , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition groups . SANA said terrorists shot and killed a law enforcement member and wounded two others Friday in Homs . It also said that dozens of members of "  armed terrorist groups " in the city had surrendered and given their weapons to authorities . Regarding events in Tunis , Syrian state television was dismissive . "  It is quite ironic that in a conference called ` The Friends of Syria , ' we have n't seen one Syrian delivering a speech , " said an anchor , who added that the conference was dominated by "  icons from the colonial era who are conspiring against Syria and the Arab world . " A guest implied that some of the countries in attendance had been paid , bribed or ordered to show up against their will . At the conference , Clinton said the end of al-Assad 's regime "  can mark a new beginning . " She urged a negotiated political solution and a democratic transition for Syria , and announced that the United States is providing $ 10 million for humanitarian efforts . Clinton also said the "  crimes against humanity must stop . " In a statement , the Syrian National Council said it was seeking international recognition "  as the legitimate representative of the Syrian people . " The group formed last October as a coalition of local coordinating committees , political , ethnic and religious groups . It asked for humanitarian assistance and the creation of safe havens inside Syria to protect refugees seeking sanctuary . "  The clear goal of the SNC and one for which tens of thousands of Syrians have died or suffered is to achieve full regime change through a process controlled by the Syrians themselves , " the statement said . Clinton gave the group qualified support , calling it "  a leading , legitimate representative of Syrians seeking peaceful democratic change . " She continued to hold out hope for a political solution . "  Assad can still make the choice to end the violence , save lives and spare his country from descending further into ruin but , if he continues to reject that choice , we and the Syrian people will keep pressure on him until his deadly regime cracks and collapses , because it will , " she said . And she appealed to Assad 's security forces to end the killing . "  Their continuing to kill their brothers and sisters is a stain on their honor , " she said . "  Their refusal to continue this slaughter will make them heroes in the eyes of not only Syrians , but people of conscience everywhere . They can help the guns fall silent . We know from many sources there are people around Assad who are beginning to hedge their bets . They did n't sign up to slaughter people , and they are looking for ways out . " She made no reference to helping the militias fighting the al-Assad regime . But Saudi Arabian Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal said that arming the Syrian opposition is an "  excellent idea . " U.S. officials have said they are not ready to take that step but they have not ruled out other options . Clinton said she would address the issue later . In Washington , U.S. President Barack Obama said he was "  encouraged by the international unity " displayed in Tunis . "  We are going to continue to keep the pressure up and look for every tool available to prevent the slaughter of innocents in Syria , " he said . Neither Russia , which is a Soviet-era ally and arms dealer to Syria , nor China is participating in the Tunisia meeting . Both countries vetoed the U.N. resolution . The nations participating in the meeting unveiled a plan for delivering emergency aid . It called on al-Assad to "  immediately cease all violence " and allow unimpeded access for aid , an effort that would be spearheaded by the United Nations . The United Nations is expected to play a major role in a post-Assad Syria . Former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan was named Thursday joint special envoy of the United Nations and Arab League on the Syrian crisis . The Friends of Syria group stressed that an alternative to al-Assad exists and it believes it can persuade traditional regime supporters , such as business elites , the military and minority Alawites -- who prevail in the military -- to switch allegiances . "  To those Syrians who still support Assad , especially members of the Syrian military : understand that this regime has no future , " Clinton said . "  The longer you carry out its campaign of violence , the more it will stain your honor . But if you refuse to take part in attacks on your fellow citizens , your countrymen will hail you as heroes . " A senior State Department official said members of the council told Clinton they were pleased with the conference turnout and the initiative . "  The Syrian people have not surrendered , nor will they give up , " SNC leader Burhan Ghalioun said . " A free people was born in Syria and it does not fear death , nor does it accept any bargain to give away its long-deprived rights or give up its sovereignty by any definition . " The Friends of Syria intends to address economic issues by creating a working group on economic recovery and development , a diplomat said . The diplomat said the conference communique will endorse the Arab League 's request to the Security Council to form a joint Arab-U.N. peacekeeping force after the cessation of violence . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph , Saad Abedine , Raja Razek , Hala Gorani , Salma Abdelaziz , Chelsea J. Carter , Tracey Doueiry , Kareem Khadder and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 103 killed Friday Red Cross asks two-hour humanitarian pause in fighting Clinton says Syrian security forces can help "  guns fall silent " Evacuation of wounded and sick begins in Homs
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The contentious debate over so-called enhanced interrogation techniques took center stage Wednesday on Capitol Hill as a former FBI agent involved in the questioning of terror suspects testified that such tactics -- including waterboarding -- are ineffective . From left : Sens. Lindsey Graham , Sheldon Whitehouse , Patrick Leahy and Dianne Feinstein listen Wednesday . Ali Soufan , an FBI special agent from 1997 to 2005 , told members of a key Senate Judiciary subcommittee that such "  techniques , from an operational perspective , are ineffective , slow and unreliable and harmful to our efforts to defeat al Qaeda . " Soufan 's remarks followed heated exchanges between committee members with sharply differing views on both the value of the techniques and the purpose of the hearing . Soufan , who was involved in the interrogation of CIA detainee Abu Zubaydah , took issue with former Vice President Dick Cheney , who has said that enhanced interrogation techniques helped the government acquire intelligence necessary to prevent further attacks after September 11 , 2001 . The techniques , which the Bush administration approved , are considered torture by many critics . Watch analysts discuss harsh interrogations and torture " "  From my experience -- and I speak as someone who has personally interrogated many terrorists and elicited important actionable intelligence -- I strongly believe that it is a mistake to use what has become known as the ` enhanced interrogation techniques , ' " Soufan noted in his written statement . Such a position is "  shared by many professional operatives , including the CIA officers who were present at the initial phases of the Abu Zubaydah interrogation . " Soufan told the committee that within the first hour of his interrogation of Zubaydah , the suspected terrorist provided actionable intelligence . But once the CIA contractors took over and used harsh methods , Zubaydah stopped talking , Soufan said . When Soufan was asked to resume questioning , Zubaydah cooperated . After another round of more coercive techniques used by the contractors , however , Soufan said it was difficult for him to re-engage Zubaydah . One of four recently released Bush administration memos showed that CIA interrogators used waterboarding at least 266 times on Zubaydah and Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , the suspected planner of the September 11 attacks . "  People were given misinformation , half-truths and false claims of successes ; and reluctant intelligence officers were given instructions and assurances from higher authorities , " Soufan testified . "  I wish to do my part to ensure that we never again use these ... techniques instead of the tried , tested and successful ones -- the ones that are also in sync with our values and moral character . Only by doing this will we defeat the terrorists as effectively and quickly as possible . " Watch as Soufan makes his case before the panel " Soufan was hidden behind a protective screen during his testimony before the Judiciary Committee 's Subcommittee on Administrative Oversight and the Courts . Staffers for the committee cited "  documented threats " against him , noting his previous interaction with al Qaeda terrorists as well as his undercover work against Islamic extremists . Philip Zelikow , who was a top aide to former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , repeated an accusation during the hearing that Bush officials ordered his memo arguing against waterboarding to be destroyed . The order , "  passed along informally , did not seem proper , and I ignored it , " Zelikow said . He said that his memo has been in State Department files and is being reviewed for possible declassification . Zelikow slammed the "  collective failure " behind the government 's adoption of "  an unprecedented program of coolly calculated dehumanizing abuse and physical torment to extract information . This was a mistake , perhaps a disastrous one . " He added that some "  may believe that recent history , even since 2005 , shows that America needs an elaborate program of indefinite secret detention and physical coercion in order to protect the nation . ... If they are right , our laws must change and our country must change . I think they are wrong . " Watch Zelikow tell CNN 's Kiran Chetry how U.S. leaders came to the wrong conclusions on interrogation policy " Committee Republicans warned that the hearing ultimately could contribute to diminished national security . "  As we harshly judge those who had to make decisions we do n't have to make , please remember this : that what we do in looking back may determine how we move forward , " said Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina . "  And let 's not unnecessarily impede the ability of this country to defend itself against an enemy who , as I speak , is thinking and plotting their way back into America . " A top intelligence source familiar with the Bush administration 's interrogation program was dismissive of Soufan 's credibility as a witness . "  It 's puzzling that someone who questioned a single high-value detainee for just a few months claims to be able to talk about the value of a program that lasted nearly seven years after he was part of it , " the source said . "  Suffice it to say , there are varying accounts of the facts and circumstances surrounding the interrogation of Abu Zubaydah . " Soufan wrote an op-ed in The New York Times in April arguing that there "  was no actionable intelligence gained from using enhanced interrogation techniques on Abu Zubaydah that was n't , or could n't have been , gained from regular tactics . " He said that "  using these alternative methods on other terrorists backfired on more than a few occasions . ... The short-sightedness behind the use of these techniques ignored the unreliability of the methods , the nature of the threat , the mentality and modus operandi of the terrorists , and due process . " While at the FBI , Soufan was involved with investigations of sensitive international terrorism cases , including the East Africa bombings , the 2000 attack on the USS Cole and the September 11 attacks . Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse , D-Rhode Island , opened the hearing by accusing Bush administration officials of lying about the use of techniques that had damaged the country 's standing in the world . Watch Whitehouse and Graham at the hearing " "  The truth of our country 's descent into torture is not precious . It is noxious . It is sordid , " Whitehouse said . "  It has also been attended by a bodyguard of lies . ... President Bush told us America does not torture while authorizing conduct that America has prosecuted . ... Vice President Cheney agreed in an interview that waterboarding was like a dunk in the water , when it was used as a torture technique by tyrannical regimes from the Spanish Inquisition to Cambodia 's killing fields . " CNN 's Pam Benson contributed to this report .	Committee Republicans say hearing could help diminish national security Ali Soufan : "  People were given ... half-truths and false claims of successes " Ex-FBI agent takes issue with Dick Cheney , who says such tactics helped U.S. The techniques , OK 'd by Bush administration , are considered torture by some
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- German federal prosecutors said Friday they have arrested a man suspected of helping a terrorist cell that allegedly plotted attacks against U.S. troops in Germany . The U.S. military 's Ramstein Air Base is believed to have been one of the targets for plotters . The prosecutor 's office identified the man only as "  Kadir T. , " and said he is a German of Turkish origin . He is suspected of acquiring a video camera and night-vision equipment for the Islamic Jihad Union group , prosecutors said . The items were allegedly shipped to Waziristan in Pakistan , prosecutors said . Four men trained by the Islamic Jihad Union are on trial in Germany for allegedly plotting attacks against U.S installations in Germany . They are known as the "  Sauerland Group . " Three of the men , two Germans and a Turk , were arrested in September 2007 . They were mixing a massive amount of explosive materials that could have resulted in a strong blast , bigger than the attacks in Madrid , Spain , in 2004 and London , England , in 2005 , authorities said . Fritz Gelowicz , Martin Schneider , and Adem Yilmaz are charged with membership in foreign and domestic terrorist groups , preparation of explosives , plotting to murder and plotting to commit a crime using explosives , the court said . Schneider is also accused of attempted murder , the court said . The fourth person , identified in German media reports as Attila Selek , is a German citizen of Turkish descent . U.S. interests in Germany were among the targets of the group 's plot , Michael Chertoff , who was the U.S. homeland security secretary , said at the time . Gelowicz and Schneider are Germans who converted to Islam . Gelowicz was a leading member of a radical Islamist center in Ulm in southern Germany , and was well known to German authorities , officials said . The Islamic Jihad Union is a little-known Uzbek militant group that claimed responsibility for the plot days after the arrests . It said the intention was to target U.S. and Uzbek targets , a German Interior Ministry spokesman said . German authorities have said the three men trained at the group 's camps in northern Pakistan . The group said it wanted to target the Ramstein Air Base and other United States and Uzbek military and diplomatic installations in Germany , the spokesman said . The group also wanted to force Germany to stop using an air base in Uzbekistan as a stopover point for moving equipment and personnel in and out of northern Afghanistan , the spokesman said . The Islamic Jihad Union was unknown until April 2004 , when it conducted a series of suicide bombings in Uzbekistan , killing 47 people , according to the Memorial Institute for the Prevention of Terrorism . The nonprofit organization is funded by the Department of Homeland Security . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	"  Kadir T. " suspected of helping a terrorist cell that allegedly plotted attacks He tried to get equipment for Islamic Jihad Union , officials say Islamic Jihad Union is a little-known Uzbek militant group U.S. interests in Germany among the targets of the group 's plot , officials say
CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration on Friday approved the first of a new class of HIV drugs that attacks the virus in a different way . A woman wears an AIDS ribbon at a Cape Town , South Africa , hospital where HIV patients are treated . Isentress , developed by Merck & Co. , is designed for patients who have shown resistance to current treatments . The drug has been approved for adults who already have been receiving treatment , but more testing is necessary before it is approved for new HIV patients or children , the company said in a statement . Isentress belongs to a class of drugs called integrase inhibitors . These drugs work by blocking the integrase enzyme , which helps HIV replicate by inserting its DNA into new cells . Isentress is the first drug in the class to win FDA approval . Dr. Anthony Fauci , a noted HIV expert and director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health , said the FDA 's approval "  will be most welcome in the community of physicians taking care of HIV-infected patients . " "  Its mechanism of action is particularly important in that it blocks the ability of the virus to integrate itself into the genes of cells , " Fauci said . "  This property of the virus to integrate is important in establishing the reservoir of virus in the body that has made it extremely difficult to eradicate HIV , even with prolonged treatment . " Two earlier classes of anti-HIV drugs -- protease and reverse transcriptase inhibitors -- also work by blocking different enzymes involved in HIV replication . Friday 's decision by the FDA will give doctors a new tool to help patients who have developed resistance to existing drugs or who are infected with drug-resistant strains of HIV . Like protease and reverse transcriptase inhibitors , Isentress will also be prescribed for patients in combination with other drugs to maximize the number of ways the virus is being attacked . The cost of the recommended daily regimen of Isentress -- a 400 mg tablet taken twice a day -- will be comparable to protease inhibitors , with a wholesale price of $ 27 , Merck said . E-mail to a friend	FDA approves HIV drug for use in adults with resistance to existing treatments Isentress , by Merck & Co. , is the first of new class of drugs to get approval More testing necessary before it is approved for new HIV patients , children Drug works by blocking different enzymes involved in HIV replication
CNN  -- Retired Lt. Gen. Russel Honoré was highly praised for his leadership of recovery efforts in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina hit in 2005 , so he 's well-versed in what works and what does n't in disaster management . The general told CNN last week that the U.S. military should have responded sooner to the earthquake in Haiti because "  time is of the essence " in helping quake survivors . CNN 's Nicole Dow talked to Gen. Honoré Wednesday about his assessment of the situation in Haiti since he made those remarks . CNN : There are reports of looting in Haiti . Is it looting , or an attempt at survival ? Gen. Russel Honoré : In the first days after a disaster , people are generally scavenging for food . They are trying to find food where they can . People are going into survival mode . Due to challenges and logistical issues , they use the food they have and what they can get their hands on . I would use the word "  looting " lightly -- these people are surviving . It 's reminiscent of what was seen during Katrina in the convention center . They survived because they found food in the surrounding areas . CNN : With the potential for violence running high , how can civilians protect themselves ? Honoré : People should stay in their family groups and be with people they trust . During a disaster , in the case of not having enough communication , some of the information coming out is speculation and rumor . The role of the military is to provide a sense of order and try to keep people from becoming too excited when food and water are distributed . They also assure that help is on the way . What people are missing is information . You have someone sitting on a sidewalk with a baby , someone who is elderly , disabled , or pregnant , probably wondering what to do . Their house is in rubble , they have members of their family who need to go to the hospital or special care . Where can they go to be cared for ? Or to help care for themselves in a humane manner ? This is a humanitarian matter of global proportions . CNN : Previously , you 've mentioned "  adapt and overcome . " How difficult is it to achieve this in Haiti ? Honoré : You need the U.S. military . One airfield ? Let 's build two more . We adapt and overcome . USAID said , we have one airfield , how are we going to use it ? They do n't look at possibilities of building another one . Building another airfield is something that should have been considered the first day . You can take a road and create another airfield . We have a capability to airdrop teams in with equipment to create airfields . USAID said airdrops are unsafe , and it 's disorderly to do airdrops . They were concerned that some would get food and others would n't . They started to drop five days after event -- the first drop of MREs  meals ready to eat  . CNN : So why did the U.S. wait before starting to drop supplies ? Honoré : If you do n't have enough trucks , the optimal system is to use helicopters . But we do n't have enough on the ground to get the job done . Ospreys , Marine planes , we have not seen them in use . There are some in Afghanistan , but not many there . They fly like a plane , land like a helicopter and can also carry a lot of cargo . They can lift things and set them down . We spent 20 years developing that aircraft . We do n't have enough helicopters -- between the Coast Guard and the military , there are 60 helicopters in use now . Four days after Katrina , there were 200 helicopters flying in . I do n't know if the flow of supplies can keep up with demand , unless we evacuate the injured , elderly , pregnant women , babies , and the disabled . Hospitals will be overflowing with people who have injuries , there will be infections that will need treatment . It is wishful thinking to add more hospitals . We need to think how these airplanes can leave with patients to the U.S. and other countries to be distributed to hospitals to stabilize them . I am hoping that the State Department and the White House will start pushing for a U.N. resolution to start an evacuation plan for Haiti . It will need billions of dollars to sustain its people and to start its recovery . CNN : How did the Israelis immediately set up a working hospital ? Honoré : Our military is fully deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan . The president did n't sign mobilization of reserves until Sunday . We are making right decisions , but making them too slowly to have an immediate impact on the ground . We decided -LSB- Tuesday -RSB- to open another airfield , they should have done that days ago . CNN : You led the Joint Task Force for Hurricane Katrina . Can you draw some parallels between Katrina and the earthquake in Haiti ? Honoré : In my book , "  Survival , " there 's a chapter that talks about dealing with the poor . I think sometimes we talk security , because as a culture , we are afraid of poor people in large groups . In Haiti , right after the earthquake , there were doctors who left . One said , "  We do n't have any security so we left . " That , in and of itself , is indicative of my Katrina experience . People start talking security . And the slower we go , the more there 's the possibility of that happening . We have to work on establishing the community government officials in Haiti so they can start communicating with their people . We have to get food and water there to local government officials to distribute it . The local government officials should be authorized to hire young men . The local economy will crank up if we pay people in Haiti to do the cleanup and to run the distribution centers . There 's no need to send Americans there to distribute food and water when you have able-bodied people there who can do that . CNN : What are the top five points to keep in mind in the aftermath of natural disaster ? Honoré : 1  Improve communications . 2  Get food and water in . 3  Take care of the health and needs of people . 4  Evacuate people , particularly those who are pregnant , disabled , injured , babies , those who can not take care of themselves . 5  Establish who 's in charge . The president of Haiti -LSB- Rene Preval -RSB- is in charge . It 's different when the president and his government are victims . They are going to need help . Someone needs to be the face of the operation to help the president keep people alive . You must have communication to establish a way of giving information to the people in their communities . You have to be your own first responder in a disaster like Haiti , and the Haitian people did that . These situations have a tendency to get worse before getting better unless you start evacuating vulnerable people . Also , you have to take a risk -LSB- about security -RSB- during the search-and-rescue phase . In that phase of the operation , search-and-rescue takes priority over security .	Gen. Russel Honoré says Haitians should be paid to clean up , do distribution Says our culture is afraid of poor people in large groups so we focus on security Honoré says supplies ca n't meet demand ; U.N. should start an evacuation plan for Haiti General : They should have started to build second airfield the first day
CNN  -- A modern-day David and Goliath story is unfolding in Washington state over whether you have the right to know what 's in the food you purchase . The outcome will likely have national implications . What 's at stake is I-522 , the initiative that would mandate labeling food that is genetically modified . In support , you have a large grassroots movement that includes farmers and ranchers , fishermen , business owners and consumers . On the other side , you have a handful of large corporations such as Monsanto , Dupont and Dow that are fueling the food fight by spending millions of dollars to stop the people 's right to know . For Ben and myself , it 's simple -- being honest with your customers is the foundation of good business . Companies ought to be proud of the ingredients they use and the products they sell , and they ought to be happy to disclose what 's in those products . About 60 % to 70 % of processed foods contain laboratory-grown , genetically modified ingredients known as GMOs -- genetically modified organisms . According to a New York Times poll released in July , 93 % of Americans want labels on food with GMOs . Eatocracy : How is genetically modified food labeled ? GMO labeling is being considered in almost 30 states . Maine and Connecticut have passed mandatory GMO labeling laws . But in a political system where money talks , too often the people are silenced . According to analysis from Maplight.org , a similar initiative failed in California last year after opponents spent $ 46 million -- five times more than proponents . In Washington , supporters of labeling have raised money from more than 13,000 contributors , with the median donation of $ 25 a pop . The opposition , on the other hand , has raised money from 10 donors , with the average donation of $ 545,827 . As a result , the citizens who support labeling are being outspent three to one . If I-522 passes in Washington , it would be the first no-strings-attached legislation for mandatory labeling . And that 's a good thing . It would create the momentum and the precedent for more states and federal protections to follow . In other words , it would be another big win for David . Residents of Washington have a big opportunity to vote yes on I-522 and turn the tide on labeling laws . In the long term , we need to level the playing field by reducing the amount of money that big corporations spend influencing legislation and elections . While I 've been in Washington lending my voice to Yes on I-522 , Ben has been traveling around the country with StampStampede.org -- a grassroots movement of tens of thousands of people who are legally stamping messages on dollars that say "  Not to be Used for Bribing Politicians " to support the national movement to #GetMoneyOut of politics . Momentum is building . The use of GMO ingredients in food is similar to the issue of money in politics . At the very least , there should be transparency and disclosure . People deserve to know what ingredients are in their food and whose money is being spent to influence the laws . In the best-case scenario , we should get big money out of politics , stop big corporations from influencing our laws and reclaim our republic for "  We the People . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Ben Cohen , Jerry Greenfield : You have the right to know what 's in your food Washington state to vote on whether to require labels on genetically modified food Writers : A grassroots movement is pitted against agribusinesses such as Monsanto Writers : Corporations spending millions should not determine the outcome of the vote
Al Ram , West Bank  CNN  -- The Faisal al Husseini football stadium was packed , two hours before kick off , with a noisy sea of Palestinian flags and white hijabs . Football matches are always a big deal in the West Bank , but this game was more significant than most . 10,000 women had flocked to the stadium , on the outskirts of East Jerusalem and a mere few meters from the separation barrier that snakes around the West Bank , to watch a historic football match few would have believed possible just a few years ago : the Palestinian women 's national team were to play Jordan in their first ever home international . Both teams gave laps of honor before the start of the game to mark an occasion that is rare in the Middle East . Football is hugely popular amongst women in the region but the development of the game has largely been held back by a social conservatism that disapproves of women playing what are deemed ` men 's ' sports . In Kuwait , attempts to set up a women 's national team was met with outrage in the country 's parliament . The move was halted after Waleed al Tabtabae , a hard line Islamist MP who chairs a committee charged with weeding out ` phenomena strange to society ' decided that a women 's football team was ` un-Islamic ' . "  Committee members expressed their indignation ... and total rejection of the idea of the women 's football team on the grounds that football is not suitable for women , " Tabtabae told the Kuwait Times . The UAE has only this year launched its own national team . A handful of teams exist in Saudi Arabia , although they are confined to the more liberal university campuses and have to be played in front of small , women-only crowds . In Iran women are banned from attending football matches and have to wear the hijab when they play , even in tournaments abroad . The Palestinian team has had its own , unique problems to deal with . Set up in 2003 at Bethlehem University , Israeli movement restrictions meant it was impossible to practice on the West Bank 's sole grass pitch in Jericho . Instead , they had to train on a concrete handball court and play against local boy 's teams . The only way the national team could play was to travel to nearby Jordan , but that created its own problems as it was difficult for players from Gaza to get permission to leave . Since the 2007 Hamas takeover of the Gaza Strip , it became even harder for women to take part . But the hardest part was convincing the families , both Christian and Muslim , in conservative strongholds like Nablus and Jenin to allow their daughters to play football . "  At first it seemed weird , women playing football in our society because it has a male mentality , " said Honey Thaljieh , the team 's 25-year-old captain when I interviewed her in 2007 . "  Some families had problems sending their daughters to play football , some still face problems . " Yet two years on they have a Futsal league  an indoor version of the game  , a national stadium to play in and a string of international tournaments to attend . The team even attempted to qualify for the 2011 World Cup , but narrowly missed out on reaching the second round . "  We go to the villages now and tell them -LSB- the parents -RSB- that it is not forbidden to play . Most of the team is now Muslim , " explained Rouqaya Takrouri , the 45-year-old national team manager , who hoped the Jordan match would spur a new recruitment drive , inspiring some of the thousands of female spectators to believe they could play football too . "  We are talking to every woman now . We send out letters that say : ` Now is your time . ' Last year we had six clubs , now we have 14 . " For Thaljieh the match was particularly poignant . Since captaining the team she has fought for recognition within her own community , dedicating her life to the women 's game by vowing not to get married or start a family until she retires , a controversial move in Palestinian society . As the game has grown , Thaljieh has become something of a symbol for women 's rights in the region and has been feted by everyone from Cristiano Ronaldo to FIFA president Sepp Blatter who presented Thaljieh with FIFA 's inaugural development award at the FIFA World Player Gala earlier this year . Standing pitch side , she could n't hide her smile when asked just how far she thought the game had come in two years . "  It is still difficult sometimes , " she admitted . "  But this has broken all the rules for women here . This was a big event to get both women and men together in Palestinian society . In a way , today was like a marriage between the Palestinians . " To put the match in context , as many as 16,000 people crammed in to watch Palestine and Jordan play . When the US women 's team last played at home , a 1-0 victory over Canada in New York last July , just 8,433 fans turned up . But not everyone in attendance was there for football . Outside several thousand men who could n't get in clambered on to surrounding rooftops , others scrambled up nearby wire fences , whilst some even crowded on top of a parked bus . Although a different type of union was on their minds . "  All these men are here to see the women and I 'm here to see the chicks too , " admitted Abdullah Alawad , a 20 year old architecture student . "  Maybe the girls are here to see the guys too , " he added rather hopefully . The game itself was a surprisingly tetchy affair , with two players stretchered off after being on the receiving end of several crunching tackles , much to the anger of the Jordanian team 's  male  coach . His mood was n't helped when Palestine won two dubious penalties . A late Jordanian equalizer secured the 2-2 draw they deserved . But for the women watching , the result was less important than the game itself . After the final whistle both sets of players hugged and embarked on another lap of honor in front of an ecstatic crowd . "  We want to prove that we are better than the men at football , " explained Asala el Wazeer , an 18 year old student who stood with her friends in the crowd . "  It has taken us years to get to this point . We are very proud of the -LSB- Palestinian -RSB- team . " In a way , she was right . Palestine had played Jordan in the first ever men 's international exactly one year previously . They only managed to score once . But for Thaljieh , held aloft on the shoulders of her team mates in front of a crowd that included the Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Dr. Salam Fayyad , the match sent a powerful message to the outside world . "  This is important and shows the world that we do n't care about the barriers and the checkpoints , " Thaljieh shouted over the noise . "  We have shown the world that we can fight , but that when we fight , we fight through peaceful play . "	Palestinian women 's national football team play Jordan in historic first home match . 10,000 women turn up at the Faisal al Husseini stadium in East Jerusalem . Thousands of men turned away and watch game from near by rooftops . Women 's football has suffered in the Middle East due to social conservatism .
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- A mechanical problem prevented BP from inserting a tube into a ruptured pipe that would help siphon off oil leaking into the Gulf of Mexico , BP official Doug Suttles said Saturday . Suttles said the device was hoisted back to the surface Friday for readjustments and the company expects to have it working by Saturday night . The plan is for the mile-long tube to collect the oil and send it to a surface vessel . Millions of gallons of crude have gushed into the Gulf since the fiery explosion and sinking of the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig more than three weeks ago . Suttles , BP 's chief operating officer for exploration and production , cautioned that the method is designed to contain the flow , not stop it . The tactic was dealt a setback Friday night when the frame holding the insertion tube shifted and prevented the surface vessel from connecting to it , Suttles said . Meanwhile , Suttles said the application of underwater dispersants -- a tactic approved for use Friday -- "  appears " to be working . "  The oil in the immediate vicinity of the well and the ships and rigs working in the area is diminished from previous observations , " he said after flying over the area Saturday . He did not provide further details . What are oil dispersants ? The Coast Guard and the Environmental Protection Agency said Friday that the decision to use subsea dispersants is an "  important step " at reducing potential damage from the spill , because dispersant can be more effective underwater than on the ocean 's surface . Oil dispersants are chemicals that can break the oil down into small drops and prevent it from reaching the surface or the shore . Dispersants are generally less harmful than the oil itself , which is highly toxic , and they biodegrade more quickly , the Coast Guard said . The underwater gusher began after an April 20 explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon . The explosion and subsequent fire caused the Deepwater Horizon to sink two days later , prompting oil to begin spilling from the well . BP was leasing the rig from Transocean . On Saturday , the Department of Homeland Security released a letter from Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Interior Secretary Ken Salazar addressed to BPchief executive Anthony Hayward , calling on the company to state its "  true intentions " for compensating those affected by the spill . "  The BP Deepwater Horizon oil spill may prove to be one of the most devastating environmental disasters this nation has ever faced , " said the letter , which was dated Friday . "  As one of the responsible parties for this event , BP is accountable to the American public for the full clean-up of this spill and all the economic loss caused by the spill and related events . " What can BP do to combat growing oil spill ? The letter also asks BP to confirm it will not "  seek reimbursement from the American taxpayers , the United States government or the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund for any amount . " There was no immediate response from BP .	NEW : BP official says use of underwater dispersants "  appears " to be working BP says it will try again Saturday night to insert tube The method is designed to contain the flow , not stop it , BP official says
Does a terminally ill child in intolerable pain have a right to die ? Belgian lawmakers said yes . The lower house of the Belgian Parliament adopted a bill that extends the right to euthanasia for minors , the Parliament said Thursday on its official Twitter account . The law passed 86 to 44 with 12 abstentions . That followed a vote by the country 's Senate in December supporting the measure . The next step would see the bill go to the king , Philippe , to be signed into law . The euthanasia bill is widely supported -- but has stoked fierce opposition from critics . Belgium legalized euthanasia in 2002 for those in "  constant and unbearable physical or mental suffering that can not be alleviated . " Minors were included in the original proposals but were left out of the final legislation for political reasons . The new bill would extend the "  right to die " to those under the age of 18 only under certain strict conditions , including that the child is judged able to understand what euthanasia means . Consent of parents or guardians must also be given . Mother Linda van Roy , from Schilde , Belgium , is among those backing the bill . She could do nothing to help her terminally ill baby , Ella-Louise , in the last hours of her life . Ella-Louise , who was 10 months old when she died just over two years ago , would never have qualified for euthanasia . But her mother had to watch as her baby -- who had Krabbe disease , a rare and terminal genetic mutation that damages the nervous system -- slowly faded away under palliative sedation , food and liquid withheld so her suffering was not further prolonged . Children should ` have a choice ' "  That whole period of sedation , you always need to give more and more medication , and you start asking questions . And you say , ` What 's the use of keeping this baby alive ? ' " van Roy said . She wishes she could have administered a fatal dose of medication to make the end of her daughter 's short life come more quickly . That 's why she 's campaigning for a change to Belgium 's euthanasia laws , to give the choice of ending their suffering to older children whose bodies are wracked with pain . "  We want for those children to be able to talk about euthanasia and to ask those questions and if they really want to say , ` Stop , this is it , I do n't want it anymore , ' that they can have a choice , " van Roy said . Pediatrician Gerlant van Berlae of the Free University of Brussels is among the medical professionals backing the change in the law . He told CNN that in practice it would make little difference . "  Doctors do terminate lives , of children as well as adults , " he said . "  But today it is done in , let 's say , a ` gray zone , ' or in the dark , because it is illegal . " Pediatricians : No urgent need for this law However , 175 pediatricians signed an open letter Thursday urging more time for reflection before any decision is made . The letter argues that the law "  responds to no real demand " and that most medical teams caring for terminally ill children would recognize that none of their patients has made a spontaneous and voluntary demand for euthanasia . Meanwhile , medical advances mean that effective palliative care is available and that children do not suffer as they approach death . Extending the "  right to die " to minors will only add to the stress and pain of families at a difficult time , it said . The letter also questions how any objective judgment can be made on a child 's ability to understand what 's at stake . The political process has created a "  false impression " that a change to the law is urgently needed -- but in reality "  the situation in our country is far from being dramatic , " the doctors say . Others also question whether children have the capacity to take this most final of decisions for themselves . Palliative nurse Sonja Develter , who specializes in end-of-life care for children , told CNN she is concerned that giving children a choice would mean they made decisions based on what they thought their families wanted to hear , and that it would be a terrible strain for children who may already feel they are a burden to their caregivers . ` If you leave , you leave forever ' Izabela Sacewicz has Huntington 's disease , a neurological disease that drastically reduces life expectancy in children . Eight years ago she was a bubbling , active child -- top of her class , according to her mother , Iwona . Having recently turned 18 , she ca n't eat or walk without help . She finds it difficult to speak , but her mind is still her own . In a painful exchange , her mother explains to her what euthanasia is , using the simplest terms she can think of . "  Euthanasia means if you are unwell , you are so unhappy that you do n't want to stay here , you want to leave , to go high up to God , " she says . "  But if you leave , you leave forever . " Izabela listens , the strain showing on her face . "  Do you think it 's good , or not good ? " her mother asks . "  It 's not good , " she replies , the words barely audible . Iwona says that with enough support , no parent would think of euthanasia -- and that Belgium 's lawmakers should instead focus on providing better support for families caring for terminally ill children . Supporters insist the measure is more a matter of principle than anything else -- and that only a small number of children will ever , in practice , ask to end their lives through euthanasia . Under its strict guidelines , no doctor would be forced to carry out euthanasia against his or her will and the child would always have the option of palliative treatment . A child psychologist or psychiatrist would have to examine the child to make sure he or she is capable of making the decision . In the Netherlands , where children have been able to request euthanasia with parental consent since 2002 , only five children have ever done so . Interactive : Euthanasia and the right to die around the world	Lower house of Parliament votes 86 to 44 in favor Open letter signed by 175 pediatricians called for more time to consider the issue The law would allow terminally ill minors who are in intolerable pain to choose euthanasia Stringent conditions would have to be met , including consent by the child 's parents
CNN  -- It 's called the "  Walmart of Weed . " This newest big-box store is devoted to selling marijuana-growing equipment . Its biggest outlet yet is to open Wednesday in Phoenix , where Arizona voters approved medical cannabis last fall . The weGrow Store will be the first outside California , where medical weed has long been legalized . None of the chain 's three stores sell the drug . Instead , they unabashedly promote medical marijuana by offering "  everything -- from supplies to services -- that cultivators need to grow it , " the company says . What sets weGrow apart from the mom-and-pop stores selling the growing supplies is that weGrow openly states its hydroponic equipment is intended for pot , a spokeswoman said . The smaller stores often claim the hydroponic equipment is used for growing indoor tomatoes and often kick out a customer if they broach the subject of medical cannabis , said weGrow spokeswoman Melissa DiGianfilippo . While 16 states and the District of Columbia now allow for some sort of medical marijuana , there remains ambiguity about whether U.S. authorities would ever enforce federal laws against marijuana distribution , though 90 % of hydroponics revenue is from cannabis growers , DiGianfilippo said . In fact , the state of Arizona filed a federal lawsuit last week asking the courts to determine whether the voter-approved initiative legalizing medical marijuana is , indeed , legal . Calling itself "  the nation 's only hydroponics franchise that openly talks about medical marijuana , " the Oakland , California-based weGrow sees a boom in Arizona and projects 100,000 Arizonans acquiring state medical cannabis cards , DiGianfilippo said . So far , about 4,000 Arizonans became state-authorized marijuana users after the state began issuing the cards on April 15 , DiGianfilippo said . WeGrow chose Wednesday to open its superstore because that was supposed to be the day the state was scheduled to begin accepting applications to run a marijuana dispensary . But Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer and Attorney General Tom Horne filed a federal lawsuit Friday seeking a declaratory judgment regarding the legality of Proposition 203 . Voters approved the Arizona Medical Marijuana Act last November and Brewer signed it into law in December . Nonetheless , the federal government considers marijuana a controlled substance . In a May 2 , 2011 , letter , U.S. Attorney Dennis Burke of Arizona warned state officials that "  growing , distributing and possessing marijuana , in any capacity , other than as a federally authorized research program , is a violation of federal law regardless of state laws that purport to permit such activities , " according to Brewer . Burke declared that his office would "  vigorously prosecute individuals and organizations that participate in unlawful manufacturing , distribution and marketing activity involving marijuana , even if such activities are permitted under state law , " according to Brewer 's office . "  The State of Arizona has worked to follow the wishes of voters , " Brewer said in a statement . "  But I wo n't stand aside while state employees and average Arizonans acting in good faith are unwittingly put at risk . In light of the explicit warnings on this issue offered by Arizona 's U.S. Attorney , as well as many other federal prosecutors , clarity and judicial direction are in order . " Brewer has directed that the Arizona Department of Health Services put on hold its process for licensing marijuana dispensaries , pending court action on this issue , Brewer 's spokesman , Matthew Benson , told CNN on Tuesday . "  The agency will continue providing registration cards for individuals who receive a doctor 's recommendation to use medical marijuana , " Benson said in an e-mail . WeGrow founder Dhar Mann , a 27-year-old entrepreneur who opened his first store in Oakland after a small hydroponics store ejected him for asking about medical marijuana cultivation , said his firm still sees an opportunity in Arizona , where he estimates medical pot to be a billion-dollar industry . He has plans for similar superstores in other states with legal marijuana . The Phoenix store , located in an industrial area so as not to upset any homeowners , will be 21,000 square feet . Wednesday 's grand opening in Phoenix will feature indoor growing demonstrations with nonmarijuana plants , experts on how to build professional grow rooms , a physician for patient evaluations and classes on how to safely and responsibly cultivate medical marijuana , weGrow officials said . The first weGrow store was a 15,000-square-foot facility that opened in Oakland last year , and in February , a 10,000-square-foot store opened in Sacramento , California , a spokeswoman said . Mann said the Arizona law allows for up to 124 dispensaries , and he took exception with the governor 's lawsuit . "  Delaying the process that a majority of the Arizona voters have asked for prevents qualified cannabis patients from receiving medicine they need and causes unfair financial hardship to businesspeople who have invested tens of thousands of dollars in reliance on the process set up by the state , " Mann said in a statement . "  Medical marijuana cultivating , dispensing , and consuming will exist with or without governmental approval , " Mann said . "  It 's time to tax and regulate this industry so legitimate business people and patients are not criminalized . "	The weGrow firm will open its third superstore in Phoenix on Wednesday It openly sells marijuana-growing equipment but not the drug itself The state of Arizona has asked a federal court to rule on the legality of medical cannabis Arizona voters approved medical marijuana in November
CNN  -- Experience eventually overcame youthful promise at the Indian Wells Masters on Tuesday , as tennis legend Roger Federer battled to a third-round win over rising star Milos Raonic . Raonic has already won two titles this season , and was the ATP Tour 's newcomer of the year for 2011 . The 21-year-old Canadian , ranked 27th in the world , made a bright star to his clash with the former world No. 1 by clinching a first-set tie break . But Federer , who has won a record 16 grand slam titles since turning pro in 1998 , showed composure to regroup and triumph 6-7  4-7  6-2 6-4 , setting up a last -16 clash with Brazil 's world No. 50 Thomaz Belluci . "  I guess my experience helped me to stay calm and just weather the storm , " the 30-year-old third seed told the tournament 's official website . "  Maybe if I was younger I 'd be more panicky about him hitting aces left and right and making me feel uncomfortable . "  I have been there so many times before against some of the all-time great servers that it was obviously not going to happen tonight . I just hoped to stay calm . " Raonic , seeded 23rd for the U.S. hard-court event , was pleased with his overall performance , but rued his lack of experience . "  I think I hit the ball well , " he said . "  I just was picking the wrong shot , and this is what makes the difference , but with experience hopefully I catch on to that . " Federer 's longtime rival Rafael Nadal strolled into the fourth round with a 6-1 6-4 success against fellow Spaniard Marcel Granollers . The second seed , runner-up here last year , will face Ukrainian 21st seed Alexandr Dolgopolov in the last 16 as he heads towards a semifinal showdown with Federer . Nadal 's fifth-seeded compatriot David Ferrer is out following a shock 6-4 6-3 defeat to Uzbekistan 's 51st-ranked Denis Istomin . Istomin earned a clash with Argentina 's 2009 U.S. Open champion Juan Martin del Potro , who maintained his quest for a second title of 2012 by beating Spanish 19th seed Fernando Verdasco . Sixth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga will meet former world No. 3 David Nalbandian of Argentina after beating Czech No. 28 Radek Stepanek . In the women 's draw , Serbia 's Ana Ivanovic booked a place in the quarterfinals by winning the battle of the former world No. 1s against recently displaced Caroline Wozniacki . Ivanovic , who occupied top spot after winning the French Open in 2008 but is now ranked 16th , recorded a 6-3 6-2 against the Danish fourth seed -- who lost her No. 1 ranking following Victoria Azarenka 's triumph at January 's Australian Open . "  I did n't do much wrong today besides the first few games on my serve , " Ivanovic , 24 , told the WTA 's website . "  I 'm really pleased the way I was aggressive , and how I just stayed in the match and played point by point . I did everything I should have done today . " Seventh seed Marion Bartoli awaits Ivanovic in the last eight , following the Frenchwoman 's win over Czech No. 23 Lucie Safarova . The top two seeds remain on track for a final showdown after both Azarenka and three-time grand slam champion Maria Sharapova won , against Germany 's Julia Gorges and Italian Roberta Vinci respectively . Next up for Belarus ' Azarenka is Polish fifth seed Agnieszka Radwanska , who benefited from the retirement of American wildcard Jamie Hampton due to cramps in the third and deciding set of their match . Russian No. 2 Sharapova will play 20th-seeded compatriot Maria Kirilenko , while the remaining quarterfinal tie pits China 's French Open champion Li Na against German No. 18 Angelique Kerber .	Former world No. 1 Roger Federer defeats 23rd seed Milos Raonic at Indian Wells Second seed Rafael Nadal advances after win over fellow Spaniard Marcel Granollers Ana Ivanovic beats Caroline Wozniacki in the battle of the former world No. 1s Top seed Victoria Azarenka and No. 2 Maria Sharapova safely advance
CNN  -- Egypt 's military leadership council on Monday gave Field Marshal Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi -- the army chief who helped oust the country 's first democratically elected president -- its blessing to run for the presidency , the state-run Middle East News Agency reported . El-Sisi has yet to announce whether he 'll run , but the move by Egypt 's Supreme Council of the Armed Forces essentially is an endorsement of him , said Ehab Badawy , a spokesman for Egyptian Interim President Adly Mansour . The council added in a statement to state television Monday night that it would be up to El-Sisi to decide , but that it considers his candidacy "  a mandate and an obligation . " Badawy said that El-Sisi , who was promoted from general to field marshal earlier Monday , would have to retire from the military before running for president . The interim government has not given a date for elections ; candidates can officially declare themselves on February 18 . El-Sisi , who was defense minister when the military ousted President Mohamed Morsy in July , had said he would run for president if the Egyptian people wanted him to , state media reported recently . The Arab world 's most populous nation has seen months of political turmoil since the military deposed Morsy , of the Islamist Muslim Brotherhood movement , on July 3 after mass protests against his rule . Demonstrators accused him of pursuing an Islamist agenda and excluding other factions from the government . An interim , military-backed government was installed in Morsy 's place , but Morsy 's supporters have held near-daily protests since his ouster , demanding that he be reinstated . The protests often have devolved into violence . This month , Egyptians overwhelmingly approved a new constitution , with 98.1 % in favor , the Electoral Commission said . But supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood , which the interim government banned late last year , boycotted the referendum in response to the crackdown against it . Morsy was elected in 2012 , a year after a popular uprising ousted longtime ruler Hosni Mubarak . Morsy 's supporters say that he was n't given a fair chance and that the military has returned to the authoritarian practices of Mubarak . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Marie-Louise Gumuchian and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	NEW : Military council says choice is El-Sisi 's , but it highly encourages his candidacy Field Marshal Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi is expected to announce soon whether he 'll run The army chief was defense minister when the military ousted President Morsy last year Candidates can officially declare themselves next month
CNN  -- Actor Robert Pattinson dropped the f-bomb and singer Justin Timberlake grabbed the breasts of co-star Mila Kunis , who returned the favor by grabbing the pop singer 's crotch . And so went the 2011 edition of the MTV Movie Awards , where the outrageous and often sophomoric antics of the ceremony 's featured performers tend to grab , so to speak , more attention than the awards themselves . Between the gropes , the profanities and the off-color humor at Sunday night 's 2011 version of the annual awards show , actors dispensed trophies to other actors . "  Eclipse , " the third installment in the teen vampire saga "  Twilight , " carried the night with five awards . That included honors for Best Picture as well as the Best Male and Female Performance awards , which went to co-stars Pattinson and Kristen Stewart . The movie also carried MTV 's Best Fight and Best Kiss awards . Meanwhile the award for best villain went to Tom Felton for his seventh outing as the churlish , bad boy wizard Draco Malfoy in "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows . " Ellen Page claimed the dubious Best Scared-As -  expletive  Performance prize for a supporting role in "  Inception , " and Emma Stone took top honors in the comedy category for her role in "  Easy A. " MTV gave actress Reese Witherspoon , who at 35 was likely the most senior award recipient of the bunch , a "  Generation Award , " in recognition of her career in movies . However , the moment was marred or immortalized -- depending on your point of view -- by an apparent failure of impulse-control by presenter Pattinson . Pattinson , who played Witherspoon 's lover in "  Water for Elephants , " told the audience "  I did  expletive  you , " uttering a profanity broadcast over the air without a bleep . Pattinson did n't stop there . Moments later he quipped that that Witherspoon might be "  33 percent lesbian . " Witherspoon was n't the only celebrity to get ribbed for her fictional or real-life romantic pursuits . Awards host Jason Sudeikis told the audience that actress and singer Selena Gomez had already swallowed three of boyfriend Justin Bieber 's baby teeth while kissing the teen singing star . Bieber , by the way , won Best Jaw Dropping Moment Winner for his biopic movie , "  Never Say Never . " Other awards recipients included : Chloe Grace Moretz , who took the award for Best Breakout Star Winner for her performance as a vulgar child superhero in "  Kick-Ass . "	The teen vampire flick "  Eclipse " claims five awards Pattinson utters an uncensored expletive Other stars rib each other for their fictional or real-life romance
CNN  -- Four days after Lebanon 's intelligence chief was killed in a car bombing , the United States said it will back the Lebanese opposition 's call for a new cabinet free of Syrian influence . The United States is helping Lebanon investigate Friday 's deadly car bombing in Beirut that killed intelligence chief Brig. Gen. Wissam al-Hassan . What you need to know about Lebanon , Syria Al-Hassan was a critic of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , and some have blamed the Syrian government for his death . On Tuesday , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland addressed the U.S. role in the area . "  The export of instability from Syria threatens the security of Lebanon now more than ever , and it 's really up to the Lebanese people to choose a government that is going to counter this threat , " Nuland said . "  And in that regard , we 've been making clear that we support the efforts of President  Michel  Suleiman and other responsible leaders in Lebanon to build an effective government and to take the necessary next steps in the wake of the October 19th terrorist attack . " Instability feared in Lebanon after assassination While the United States does not want a vacuum of a legitimate political authority , "  we do support this process that is now underway to produce a new government that 's responsive to the needs of the Lebanese people . "	U.S. State Department : "  We do n't want a vacuum of a legitimate political authority " "  The export of instability from Syria threatens the security of Lebanon , a spokeswoman says Lebanon 's intelligence chief was killed in a car bombing last week
The New York City medical examiner 's office Friday confirmed what demonstrators had been saying for weeks : A police officer 's choke hold on a man being arrested for selling loose cigarettes killed him . Eric Garner , 43 , died July 17 after being confronted by police on Staten Island for allegedly selling cigarettes illegally . During the encounter , Garner raised both hands in the air and told the officers not to touch him . Seconds later , a video shows an officer behind him grab the 350-pound man in a choke hold and pull him to the sidewalk , rolling him onto his stomach . "  I ca n't breathe ! I ca n't breathe ! " Garner said repeatedly , his cries muffled into the pavement . The cause of Garner 's death was "  compression of neck  choke hold  , compression of chest and prone positioning during physical restraint by police , " said Julie Bolcer , a spokeswoman for the medical examiner 's office . The death was ruled a homicide . Acute and chronic bronchial asthma , obesity and hypertensive cardiovascular disease were listed as contributing conditions in a controversial death that sparked anti-police demonstrations and calls for a federal investigation . On Saturday , Garner 's widow , Esaw , appeared at a Harlem rally with the victim 's mother , Gwen Carr , and the Rev. Al Sharpton . "  First of all , I want to thank the God above for giving us justice for my husband so that we can move forward , " she said . "  I met with the prosecutors and I feel like I did the right thing by doing that and I just want them to do the right thing and get me justice for my husband . " Sharpton is planning a march across the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge , which connects Brooklyn and Staten Island , for August 23 . Douglas Auer , a spokesman for the Richmond County district attorney 's office , said the investigation into the death was continuing . "  We await the issuance of the official death certificate and the autopsy report , " he said in a statement . The U.S. Justice Department has said it is monitoring the investigation . If local prosecutors decline to file criminal charges , the federal justice department could conduct an investigation into whether the victim 's civil rights were violated . "  The District Attorney will be examining the case to determine if the use of the choke hold was necessary to subdue and arrest Garner , or was an excessive use of force resulting in death , " CNN legal analyst Paul Callan said . A former deputy chief of homicide for the Brooklyn District Attorney 's office , Callan said a choke hold does not violate state law but is prohibited by NYPD guidelines on excessive force . Mayor Bill de Blasio Friday expressed his "  deepest sympathies " to Garner 's family . "  My administration will continue to work with all involved authorities , including the Richmond County District Attorney , to ensure a fair and justified outcome , " he said in a statement . "  We all have a responsibility to work together to heal the wounds from decades of mistrust and create a culture where the police department and the communities they protect respect each other ... I 've said that we would make change , and we will . As mayor , I remain absolutely committed to ensuring that the proper reforms are enacted to ensure that this wo n't happen again . The video of the incident showed the Staten Island man lying on the ground motionless after he was taken down by a group of officers . An asthmatic , Garner was later declared dead at a nearby hospital . Police said he suffered a heart attack and died on the way to the hospital . "  This is a terrible tragedy that occurred . ... A terrible tragedy that no family should have to experience , " de Blasio said after the death , calling the video of the incident "  very troubling . " Garner , a grandfather with six children , had a lengthy criminal history , including more than 30 arrests , and had been previously arrested for selling untaxed cigarettes in May , according to police . But demonstrators in New York called the police response during his arrest excessive and criminal . On July 19 , Garner 's friends and family rallied with Sharpton in Harlem , demanding a full investigation into Garner 's death . Officer Daniel Pantaleo , who is seen on the video choking Garner , was put on modified assignment and stripped of his badge and gun amid the investigation , the New York Police Department said . A second police officer was placed on desk duty . The choke hold tactic is prohibited by the NYPD . Two EMTs and two paramedics also were suspended without pay , according to Erika Hellstrom , vice president of development at Richmond University Medical Center . In a statement , Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association President Patrick J. Lynch called Pantaleo 's reassignment "  a completely unwarranted , kneejerk reaction for political reasons . " He said the move "  effectively pre-judges this case and denies the officer the very benefit of a doubt that has long been part of the social contract that allows police officers to face the risks of this difficult and complex job . " On Friday , the police union expressed "  sympathies and prayers " for the Garner family and said it stood "  firmly in support of all police officers " put in difficult circumstances . "  Police officers do n't start their days expecting or wanting something like this to occur in the performance of their duties , " PBA president Patrick Lynch said in a statement . "  The ME 's report indicates that Mr. Garner was a man with serious health problems so there will have to be a complete and thorough analysis of all the factors that played a part in this tragedy . We believe , however , that if he had not resisted the lawful order of the police officers placing him under arrest , this tragedy would not have occurred . " Police Commissioner William Bratton ordered an extensive review of the NYPD 's training procedures after Garner 's death . After a two-hour meeting with NYPD Training Commissioner Ben Tucker last week , Bratton ordered a "  top to bottom review of all the training that this department provides to its personnel , specifically focusing on force , how do we train our officers for a takedown , how do we train them to use the various levels of force that they 're authorized to use . " "  I would anticipate that coming out of this effort that there will be a retraining of every member of the New York City Police Department in the weeks , months and potential years ahead , " Bratton said . What led to choke hold death	Widow says at rally that she wants justice Eric Garner died as a result of a choke hold by police , medical examiner says Death sparked demonstrations and calls for a federal investigation Medical examiner rules the death a homicide
North Korea sent a fax to South Korea on Thursday , threatening to "  strike mercilessly without notice " after protests against the secretive regime this week in Seoul . The message warned that North Korea would strike if "  the provocation against our highest dignity is to be repeated in the downtown of Seoul . " Earlier this week , on the second anniversary of the death of former North Korean leader , Kim Jong Il , conservative protesters rallied in Seoul , burning effigies of the country 's leaders as well as its flag . Such protests are common during North Korean festivals and anniversaries . The South Korea 's Ministry of National Defense said it sent a response . "  The reply was sent through wired message and in the fax message , we warned that if North Korea is to carry out provocation , we will firmly retaliate , " said Kim Min-seok , the spokesman for South Korea 's Ministry of National Defense . He added that there have been no significant military movements in North Korea . Pyongyang routinely threatens to retaliate after what it considers "  provocations " including protests or balloon launches to the north by South Korean groups . Relations between the Koreas have seesawed this year , verging on hostile earlier this year amid a nuclear test in February . This month , the execution of Jang Song Thaek , an advisor and uncle of North Korea 's current leader , Kim Jong Un unsettled its neighbors , prompting speculation about instability in the country 's leadership .	North Korea 's fax to South Korea : Will "  strike mercilessly without notice " Protests in Seoul were held over Kim Jong Il 's second anniversary of death North Korea routinely threatens to strike after what it calls "  provocations "
Disney World is looking into reports that some wealthy visitors are hiring disabled people to pretend to be family members so that they can skip lines . "  It is unacceptable to abuse accommodations that were designed for guests with disabilities , " spokesman Bryan Malenius told CNN Wednesday . "  We are thoroughly reviewing the situation and will take appropriate steps to deter this type of activity . " Reports of the alleged practice sparked fury on social media , with some people calling the actions "  crazy , " "  awful , " and "  despicable . " But others defended the idea , arguing it 's a way to help some disabled people make good money . The debate began with an article in the New York Post . "  The black-market Disney guides run $ 130 an hour , or $ 1,040 for an eight-hour day , " the report said . Social researcher Wednesday Martin "  caught wind of the underground network " while working on a book about practices among New York City 's Park Avenue elite , the Post reported . "  It really is happening , " Martin told CNN 's "  Starting Point " Wednesday . "  I live among the privileged and powerful parents of New York City , " she said , "  and once in a while I come across a practice that 's really surprising . " She added , "  It 's not my job to judge . " To Disney or not to Disney ? Disney for the ' 1 % ' The Post anonymously quoted one mother as saying , "  My daughter waited one minute to get on ` It 's a Small World ' -- the other kids had to wait 2 1/2 hours . You ca n't go to Disney without a tour concierge . This is how the 1 % does Disney . " The woman said she hired a company called Dream Tours , the Post reported . The Florida company did not respond immediately to CNN 's requests for comment . But it posted a note on its website saying , "  Due to inaccurate press and slander , Dream Tours is not offering VIP tours at this time . Our focus has primarily always been providing magical vacations for adults with special needs and helping their dreams to come true . " Ryan Clement runs Dream Tours , and Jacie Christiano is assistant director , according to the website . The Post reported that Christiano served as a tour guide for the mother whom the paper quoted anonymously . Clement told the Post that Christiano has an auto-immune disorder and uses a scooter on the job , the report said . Disney offers official ways to avoid long lines It 's unclear how often the alleged practice may have actually taken place . The theme park offers VIP tours and FastPass service allowing people to avoid long lines . Martin said the wealthy people she spoke with found that hiring a disabled guide can cost less and allow people to skip straight to the front of lines . Disney World has also been rolling out bracelets designed in part to inform visitors when it 's their turn to come to a ride . Downtown Disney to make way for Disney Springs Anger erupts , but some defend the idea People took to social media to express outrage at the idea of wealthy able-bodied people using money to take advantage of a benefit preserved for the disabled . "  This has blood shooting from my eyes this morning , " Twitter user Kaneshow wrote . "  Wow , I ca n't even ... " wrote Allison Cole . And Twitter user Ruth summed up her take in two words : "  Con artists ! " But others had a different view . "  At least they are sharing the wealth and providing the less fortunate with over $ 1000 a day to go to Disney World , " one of the first comments on this CNN.com story said , from user "  blindliberal . " And jessied44 wrote , "  $ 1040 for a day spent having fun -- not a bad job . Pretending they are part of the family is n't a good example for the children , but providing work for someone who is disabled is n't a bad thing to do . " Disney brings more oomph with New Fantasyland	Disney will "  thoroughly review the situation , " a spokesman says "  Black-market guides " cost $ 130 an hour , the New York Post reported Many are incensed by the idea , but some readers defend the alleged practice Researcher says the wealthy found it a cheaper , better way to skip lines
Alison Lundergan Grimes again refused to reveal whether she voted for President Barack Obama , dodging the question for the second time in a week Monday during the only debate of Kentucky 's Senate race . Grimes , the Democratic secretary of state who is challenging Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell in one of the nation 's marquee races , cited the "  matter of principle " of privacy at the ballot box , noting that she is the state 's chief election officer . "  I 'm not going to compromise a constitutional right provided here in Kentucky in order to curry favor on one or  an  other side or members of the media , " she said during Monday night 's debate . The answer echoed one she gave the Louisville Courier-Journal 's editorial board last week , which touched off days of criticism -- with NBC "  Meet the Press " moderator Chuck Todd saying that Grimes "  disqualified herself , " and McConnell 's campaign immediately placing that comment in a new ad . It came after McConnell had already blasted Grimes for trying to hide her political allegiances in a state where Obama is deeply unpopular . "  My opponent has spent spent most of her time trying to deceive everybody about her own views , " the five-term Republican said . McConnell also criticized Grimes ' answer on whether she voted for Obama , saying there is "  no sacred right to not announce how we vote . " He offered that he had "  proudly " voted for GOP nominees John McCain in 2008 and Mitt Romney in 2012 , and said he voted for Trey Grayson during Kentucky 's 2010 primary against now-Sen . Rand Paul . McConnell also said he does n't buy Grimes ' claim that she is a "  Clinton Democrat . " "  There 's not a dime 's worth of difference between a Clinton Democrat and an Obama Democrat , " he said . The debate was the only chance Kentucky voters will have to see the two candidates grapple personally in what 's been one of the nation 's most expensive races , and one of about a dozen that are key to Republicans ' chances of seizing at least six more seats and taking control of the Senate . The free-wheeling , hour-long event was almost entirely negative -- with Grimes calling McConnell "  Senator Gridlock , Senator No-show or Senator Shutdown , " painting him as an obstructionist and accusing him of doing the bidding of conservative political funding giants Charles and David Koch . She referred to the Koch brothers as McConnell 's "  family , " and later , his "  henchmen . " Much of the debate was focused on coal , with Grimes criticizing the Obama administration 's move to curb emissions from coal-fired power plants by 30 % over the next 25 years and McConnell going even harder after the Environmental Protection Agency and saying Grimes would be a reliable Obama supporter on issues like energy . "  It 's pretty obvious , given where all her support comes from , all the anti-coal activists in the country , that she 's going to do their bidding , " he said . The two also tangled over Grimes ' push to increase the minimum wage and equal pay legislation , and Grimes landed a shot against McConnell for putting "  two wars on a nation 's credit card . " Grimes benefited late in the debate from a series of questions on Obamacare that demonstrated the difficulties GOP candidates face in states that have already expanded access to coverage under the 2010 health care law . Kentucky 's Democratic governor , Steve Beshear , accepted the federal Medicaid expansion and set up a state-run insurance exchange called Kynect . McConnell said he wants to repeal the health care law "  root and branch " and that hospitals "  are being rim-racked by these Medicare reimbursement reductions . " But he would n't address the future of Kynect , saying that "  it 's a state decision " and that "  it 's fine to have a website . " Grimes said McConnell is living in a "  fictional fantasyland " on the issue and that more than 500,000 Kentucky residents now have health insurance because of the law . "  I will not be the senator that rips that insurance from their hands , " she said . Several times Grimes said McConnell had already had 30 years to carry his policy ideas through . But McConnell shot back that he was the one who negotiated several bipartisan efforts to extend the debt ceiling and stave off government shutdowns with Vice President Joe Biden in recent years . And he argued that a possible future role would position him to advance Kentucky 's interests . "  There 's a great likelihood , " McConnell said , "  that I will be the leader of the majority in the Senate next year . "	Kentucky 's Democratic Senate candidate wo n't say if she voted for President Obama Alison Lundergan Grimes cited the "  matter of principle " of privacy at the ballot box GOP Sen. Mitch McConnell criticized her answer , said he voted for John McCain , Mitt Romney
Geneva , Switzerland  CNN  -- Sitting at the first Africa CEO Forum this week , in the heart of Geneva , I asked myself if this was the right time to open the debate on Africa 's private sector future . Was Geneva the right place ? Critics will rightly argue that this sort of event should have been held in Africa . Over two intensive days , top African chief executive officers shared with attendees from all over the Africa , Europe and Asia , some latest trends and best practices , discussed the future of the continent 's private sector , and received awards and accolades . Speakers such as the outspoken Sudanese-born billionaire Mo Ibrahim tried to boost the narratives of Africa 's position compared to China and India but with little solutions to offer . When I asked him why the event was not held in Accra or Johannesburg , Ibrahim replied by stating that the reasons were more infrastructural and logistical than anything else . Paul Collier  Oxford University  , Makhtar Diop  World Bank 's Vice President for Africa  , and Donald Kaberuka  chairman of the African Development Bank  also sent some very strong messages to African CEOs by reminding them to promote Africa 's private sector . Diop said : "  This CEO Forum reminds us that Africa needs its business leaders as never before -- to help it generate more electricity , grow more food , and create more jobs to keep growing strongly , while also improving people 's well-being through less poverty , better health and education , and more hope . " Read related : How ` Afropreneurs ' will shape Africa 's future Despite the positive kick-off , the conference saw the presence of few women CEOs and panelists , which demonstrated the need to push African women into the board room . However , women like Rwandan Valentine Rugwabiza  WTO  and Wendy Luhabe from the Women Private Equity Fund , made their voices strongly heard . Lubabe stressed the need for challenging and removing bad leaders in politics and in our organizations . "  We must not allow nepotism and tribalism to exist in our organizations , " she said . "  We must create a culture of performance not mediocrity . " She added : "  It is our responsibility as Africans to build a better business environment and create talent for our people . " Luhabe emphasized the importance of educating the youth , as they are the future of Africa , and of creating entrepreneurs and adding vocational training to employment policies and agendas . A recurring theme at the event was that Africa needs more champions -- the likes of Bob Collymore , CEO of Safaricom in Kenya , Thierry Tanoh , CEO of Ecobank and Tewolde Gebremariam , CEO of Ethiopian Airlines . The last two were respectively named African Company of the Year and African CEO of the Year at the Forum . This event was extremely timely , current and relevant . Timely , because Africa 's growth has been consistent in the past decade -- almost 6 % growth per year . The global crisis in Europe is not stopping Africa 's growth . Read related : Marieme Jamme : Shaping Africa 's tech revolution Current , because the narratives about Africa need to change ; we are witnessing great progress in the continent and this needs to be highlighted . Relevant , because African CEOs need a platform where they can share and learn from one another . Most of the African CEOs have never met before but share common problems . However , only time will tell what impact the event will have on the CEOs when they return home . Africa faces enormous problems . A conference in Geneva can only ever be one step towards solving them . Good governance and transparency are still a challenge in Africa . African CEOs need to implement good procurement systems to fight corruption and leaks . They must create a culture of performance and challenge mediocrity at its core . The forum was packed with journalists from all around the world including young African bloggers and journalists from France 's biggest newsrooms . The question we are all asking ourselves now is how can we create , maintain and retain talent in Africa ? As the Apps4africa 2012 competition team travels to find the next tech CEO in Africa , all these questions were left unanswered at the African CEO Forum . The forum failed to talk about the youth of Africa , the Diaspora , technology hubs , and the growth of micro-economic dynamism we are seeing today . It dramatically failed to address what development strategies African companies should employ to sustain and scale up their businesses . Twitter : 10 African tech voices to follow on Twitter CEOs did not fail by any means to demonstrate that Africa is changing and growing despite all the negatives press . Their energy and enthusiasm were palpable . The continent is needed more than ever , they said , but I think African CEOs must start working together , trusting each other , thinking of implementing a regional integration package and finding a route for transferring solutions between African countries . They must have a common platform where they can continue to learn from each other and share ideas . This is currently lacking . Collaboration is imperative amongst the CEOs of Africa . After all , the only way their individual successes is to be measured and defined is how people 's lives have changed , how many jobs are created , how many people get access to information , and how much their human resources have progressed . Let 's be honest -- Africa still faces great challenges . Investors are still reluctant to invest -- there are huge barriers . Starting a business is not always straight forward in may countries in Africa , the business ecosystem is almost non existent in many countries , we still have electricity issues , getting funding to start a business is still challenging in most parts of Africa , people are n't trained enough to execute essentials jobs , degrees gained by most African are useless or have no purpose in the job markets . These entire impediments must be addressed . Change is imminent ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mariéme Jamme .	Mariéme Jamme attended the first Africa CEO Forum in Geneva World Bank 's Makhtar Diop called for private sector bosses to show leadership "  We are witnessing great progress in the continent and this needs to be highlighted , " says Jamme Jamme says business leaders need start working together to develop Africa
CNN  -- Controversy in figure skating ? What took so long ? And Canada and the United States play to a familiar result on the hockey rink , while a Canadian faced long odds in the ski cross final four . Cue the conspiracists Figure skating , like beauty , is in the eyes of the beholder . And to some the decision of the judges at Thursday 's women 's free program was downright ugly . As was the subsequent reaction on social media . It did n't help that one of the judges had in the past been suspended for a year for trying to fix an event at the Winter Olympics 16 years ago  apparently they do n't have a Commissioner Kenesaw Mountain Landis in figure skating  . Or that another is married to the head of the Russian figure skating federation , which is cheering for the first Russian woman to win a gold medal in individual competition after she was awarded the highest score of her life . It was too much for defending Olympic champion Yuna Kim to overcome . Not everyone thinks the judging was crooked . Even though gold medalist Adelina Sotnikova had one notable mistake , she did have the more technical program . And that 's where she won ; her technical score was 75.54 ; Kim 's was 69.69 . Chris Chase of USA Today wrote : "  It 's debatable , but not a robbery . Sotnikova skated well enough to win gold . She had a carefully constructed program with seven triples , five of which were in a combo . Kim had six and three , respectively . Thus , Sotnikova was going in with a higher total and made more margin for error , which she took advantage of with a minor hop after one exchange . " Sotnikova said she knew she had skated well . "  When I had performed all the elements I knew I would be on the podium but not which medal . When I saw I had won on the technical elements I did n't believe my eyes , " she said . There might be more of an argument that Sotnikova 's short program score of 74.64 was a real gift . We 'd like more of that Here 's an idea for the women 's hockey tournament . Just make it Canada vs. the United States in a best four out of seven games format . Especially if the games will be as well-played and exciting and heart-pounding and heartbreaking and magnificent and frustrating and enthralling and agonizing and stirring and mind-blowing as the one played Thursday . Depending on whose side you were on , you 'll always remember this one as either a great display of Canadian spirit or the one the United States let get away . And really , the 3-2 Canada victory in overtime was both . Canada did n't score for the first 56:34 of the gold medal game then found net three times in 11-plus minutes . Of the women 's four Olympic gold medals in the sport , this is the one that will be most cherished .	Canada comeback caps another gold medal run in women 's ice hockey Three days remain but you ca n't blame Ukrainian athletes for wanting to leave now French medal count lifted by ski cross sweep Canada and curling were a perfect combination thanks to Jennifer Jones
Wired  -- On its tenth anniversary in 2008 , Google promised $ 10 million to the best five ideas for using technology to improve the world , through Project 10x100 -- a neat play on words  10 to the 100th power expresses the number "  googol , " which is a one followed by one hundred zeroes  . Google 's intentions were good , of course -- $ 10 million spent the right way could have a real impact on these problems , which range from building better banking tools to a real-time , user-reported news service . However , the company 's follow-through leaves much to be desired . Google announced this cash prize contest in September 2008 and closed public voting on 16 finalists chosen from over 150,000 ideas in October 2009 . Over eight months later , the company has yet to announce the winners . Meanwhile , e-mails sent to Project 10 to the 100th 's Gmail account are bouncing , indicating that Google has deleted the address . And the company 's press department has yet to respond to our inquiries about the project . "  We 'll announce the winning big ideas in the near future , " reads a notice on the project 's website , which lists " © 2009 Google " at the bottom . According to Daniel Meyerowitz , who says his idea for mapping ongoing genocides and providing early warning of new ones is a finalist in the competition , Google has not said a peep about this competition in nine months -- despite having apologized for delays as early as March 2009 . "  While genocide and other pressing problems relentlessly advance , it would seem that Project 10 ^ 100 does not , " Meyerowitz told Wired.com . "  Years behind schedule . Nine months since announcing their most recent delay . How hard can it be to give away ten million bucks ? Harder than Google can handle , apparently . " Google , which reported revenue of $ 6.77 billion for the first quarter of this year , could practically consider $ 10 million to be a rounding error , so money is n't the problem . And the company already did the hard work of combining the overt 150,000 submitted ideas , many of which were duplicates or complementary , into 16 "  theme " ideas , on which the public has already voted . Assuming the project is still ongoing , Google will select an organization already involved with the issue to receive a share of the cash with the goal of solving the problem . So all that remains for the company to do at this point is to announce the five winning ideas and the organizations that will receive the money to implement them . "  An inspirational effort which began in the best Google tradition seems to be mired in the worst Google lapses , " said Meyerowitz , who brought this situation to our attention . "  When can we expect the final projects to be funded ? Or how about just a blog update ? " Google 's not talking -- not yet , anyway . But apparently , it 's the process of choosing the right organizations to address these issues that threatens to turn Google 's 10th birthday celebration into a 12th birthday surprise . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Google promised $ 10 million to the best ideas for using technology to improve the world Google announced the contest in 2008 -- they have yet to announce the winners Google reported revenue of $ 6.77 billion for the first quarter of this year
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Sri Lanka President Mahinda Rajapaksa claimed Friday there was "  a conspiracy with certain international forces " to belittle his government 's military victories against Tamil Tiger rebels . Sri Lankan army troops have had there most decisive victories against the Tamil Tigers in recent weeks . The aim of these conspirators , he said in an address to the nation , "  is to level unfounded charges against the army commander who works with greatest dedication to achieve these victories . " He also used the address to formally announce the recapture of the northern town of Elephant Pass , the point at which mainland Sri Lanka links to the northern Jaffna peninsula . It had remained in rebel hands for over nine years . The recapture enable the government to use the A-9 highway linking the mainland to the peninsula to move troops and supplies . Until now it was done either by air or by sea . Rajapaksa 's remarks came amid mounting attacks on the media . On Tuesday a group armed with rifles , pistols and grenades attacked the country 's most popular privately owned television channel MTV . The main control room equipment costing more than $ 1.7 million was damaged . On Thursday , Lasantha Wickrematunga , chief editor of The Sunday Leader , a newspaper which had exposed corruption and criticized aspects of ongoing military operations , was shot dead . Earlier Friday , the leader of the main opposition United National Party  UNP  , Ranil Wickremasinghe , accused military and security officials of the attacks , saying the government could not control them . "  Armed forces members are shocked about these incidents . The armed forces says due to the activities of few intelligence sections , the reputation of the country is being ruined . That is the team which the government has no control of , " he told parliament . Rajapaksa said there were efforts to belittle military victories "  to turn the attention of the people to other directions . " He said such "  conspiracies arise when a country moves ahead without giving in to external pressures . " He added "  one must not mistake these conspiracies as being against me or my government . This is a conspiracy against the entire country by those who have been driven to fear due to the successes of our security forces . " Meanwhile , fighting in northern Sri Lanka between government and rebel forces escalated on several fronts Friday , while Tamil Tiger rebels killed seven people in a roadside bombing . Three members of the Sri Lankan air force and four civilians died when rebels exploded a claymore landmine in the village of Morawewa , near the northeastern port city of Trincomalee , police said . The strategic port town is located about 240km  150 miles  north of the capital , Colombo . Friday 's incident came as troops pursued their military campaign in the northern Wanni region to recapture remaining rebel strongholds , military sources said . Government troops were said to be meeting fierce resistance as they advanced on the Tamil stronghold of Mullaitivu and a naval blockade remained in the northeastern seas . The 25-year long civil war has left more than 65,000 people dead . The U.S. State Department has designated the Tamil Tigers a terrorist organization .	Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa makes conspiracy claims Sri Lankan government troops continue advance into rebel territory Civil war with Tamil Tigers has killed more than 65,000
CNN  -- Five former Blackwater Worldwide security guards indicted on voluntary manslaughter and other charges in connection with killings in Iraq were released on their own recognizance Monday after a court hearing . Dustin Heard , an ex-security guard from Blackwater Worldwide , surrenders Monday in Salt Lake City , Utah . The charges , which the Justice Department announced Monday , stem from a September 16 , 2007 , shooting that killed 17 Iraqis in a Baghdad square . A judge ordered the ex-guards to appear for another court hearing in Washington on January 6 . The 35-count indictment charges each of the former guards with 14 counts of manslaughter , 20 counts of attempted manslaughter and one count of using a firearm in the commission of a violent crime . Prosecutors do not believe they have enough evidence to bring manslaughter charges on three of the 17 deaths . If convicted , the defendants would face a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison for each manslaughter count , seven years in prison for each count of attempted manslaughter and a 30-year mandatory minimum sentence for the firearms charge . Watch victims speak of the shooting " The men named in the indictment are Donald Ball , 26 , of West Valley City , Utah ; Dustin Heard , 27 , of Maryville , Tennessee ; Evan Liberty , 26 , of Rochester , New Hampshire ; Nicholas Slatten , 24 , of Sparta , Tennessee ; and Paul Slough , 29 , of Keller , Texas . Watch Ball 's mother speak out " A sixth former security guard -- Jeremy P. Ridgeway , 35 , of California -- pleaded guilty last Friday in Washington to voluntary manslaughter and attempt to commit manslaughter . The five men turned themselves in to federal authorities in Salt Lake City , Utah , on Monday morning and then were released on their own recognizance , which means that they were released without bail on a promise that they will return for the trial . Watch the scene in front of the courthouse " "  We take no pleasure in charging individuals whose job it was to protect the men and women of our country , " said Jeffrey A. Taylor , U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia . "  But when individuals are alleged to have violated the law while carrying out those duties , we are duty-bound to hold them accountable , as no one is above the law , even when our country is engaged in war . " The indictment of the five men represents the first prosecution of non-Defense Department contractors under the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act , which was amended in 2004 to allow the Justice Department to prosecute such personnel providing services "  in support of the mission of the Department of Defense overseas . " The attorneys for the defendants say that Blackwater 's employees in Iraq are exempt from the provisions of the act because the company has a contract in Iraq with the State Department , not the Defense Department . Mark Hulkower , defense attorney for Slough , blamed the killings on insurgents who used civilians as "  shields " in Iraq . Hulkower said his client and the other defendants were just trying to do their jobs in a very chaotic situation . "  These young men were fighting for their lives in a crowded area , " Hulkower said to reporters on the steps of the courthouse Monday . "  What happened was a tragedy , but not every tragedy is a crime . We are confident that this case will be dismissed . " The federal magistrate judge in the case initially ordered all five suspects barred from using firearms as one of the conditions for their release . Attorneys in the case argued against this vigorously , saying the suspects were hunters and one of the suspects needed to use a gun for his job as a court bailiff . The judge allowed the court bailiff , Ball , to use his gun for work but barred the others from using firearms . The hearing was packed with relatives of the suspects , and about a dozen soldiers in uniform could be seen in the courtroom . Defense attorneys pushed for the Utah judge to have a probable cause hearing , a preliminary hearing that determines if the government has enough evidence to go to trial . But the judge ordered that the probable cause hearing should occur on January 6 in Washington . The six guards were informed during the summer that they were targets of the investigation into the 2007 shooting . Blackwater says its employees were returning fire after coming under attack from armed insurgents , but an Iraqi investigation concluded that the guards randomly fired at civilians without provocation . The former guards ' company , Blackwater Worldwide , will not face charges . In a statement released shortly after the indictments were announced , Blackwater reiterated its position that its former employees had not acted improperly . "  Based on the information available to us , we understand that these individuals acted within the rules set forth for them by the government and that no criminal violations occurred , " the statement said . Blackwater also complained about a number of "  misguided assumptions and generalizations that surrounded this unfortunate incident . ... -LSB- Blackwater 's -RSB- work has been mischaracterized and all of our personnel unfairly maligned . " At the same time , the company noted that if "  it is determined that an individual acted improperly , then Blackwater supports holding that person accountable . " None of the former guards has worked for Blackwater since 2007 , company spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell said . An Iraqi official familiar with the investigation said that an FBI team and two U.S. prosecutors working on the case will meet in Baghdad on Saturday with more than 60 Iraqis involved in the incident . The meeting is intended to brief the Iraqis on the status of the case . Blackwater said its guards were protecting a U.S. diplomatic convoy when they came under attack from armed insurgents . The guards returned fire , Blackwater said . But an Iraqi investigation called the killings "  premeditated murder " and accused the guards of firing on civilians indiscriminately . The first U.S. soldiers to arrive on the scene told military investigators they found no evidence the contractors were fired upon , a source familiar with a preliminary U.S. military report told CNN . The indictments are "  a step in the right direction , " said Mohammad Abdul Razzaq , whose 9-year-old son , Ali , was killed at Nusoor Square in Baghdad . "  It was heinous crime and a painful incident , -LSB- but -RSB- we can overcome that if a just verdict is handed down . " Hassan Salman , an Iraqi lawyer wounded in the shootings , said that the "  American judicial system , known for its integrity , should hand down -LSB- to -RSB- the perpetrators of this heinous crime against the Iraqi people nothing less than death sentences . " The complex legal case has been dogged by difficulties and may present a major challenge to federal prosecutors . Among the potential problems is that the law under which the charges are expected to be brought covers contractors working for the U.S. military , but the Blackwater guards were contracted by the State Department . Some independent legal experts question whether U.S. courts have jurisdiction in this case . Also muddying the waters are alleged assurances of immunity given to the guards by State Department diplomatic security agents investigating the incident before the FBI got involved . The State Department said its agents did not offer blanket immunity from criminal prosecution but only promised that statements the guards made on the scene could not be used against them in any prosecution . But when the investigation was turned over to the Justice Department to examine possible criminal activity , FBI agents discovered some guards believed they were immune from prosecution and therefore refused to be interviewed again , complicating the FBI probe . The shooting heightened tensions between U.S. and Iraqi government officials and contributed to a protracted debate over the extent of immunity that U.S. military personnel and civilian contractors have from Iraqi laws . Security contractors had immunity from Iraqi law under a provision put in place in the early days of the U.S.-led occupation of Iraq . But starting next year , under a U.S.-Iraq security agreement that Baghdad approved last week , Iraq will have the "  primary right to exercise jurisdiction " over U.S. contractors and their employees . The State Department , which employed Blackwater to protect U.S. diplomats and other employees , renewed Blackwater 's contract this year over strong objections from the Iraqi government . CNN 's Kevin Bohn , Terry Frieden , Jomana Karadsheh , Elise Labott , Justine Redman , Alan Silverleib and Kara Finnstrom contributed to this report .	A 35-count indictment charges each of five former guards Ex-guards from Blackwater Worldwide surrender to authorities in Utah A sixth Blackwater guard has pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter Ex-guards are charged in 2007 shootings that killed 17 Iraqis
CNN  -- As the United States works with Israelis and Palestinians to sustain Mideast peace talks , another diplomatic effort to forge a two-state solution is quietly but quickly moving to the center of American foreign policy . In about 100 days , the people of South Sudan are to vote on whether to declare independence from the government in Khartoum . That deadline was set when the two sides signed the Comprehensive Peace Agreement of 2005 , which promised this option . There is little suspense as to the outcome : Every reliable source indicates that South Sudan will vote for separation , dividing Africa 's largest country and taking with it some 80 percent of known Sudanese oil reserves . No , the critical choice that leaders in both North and South face is between a future of peaceful coexistence or a return to chaos and war in a place tragically familiar with both . While there are obviously differences , these situations in the Mideast and Sudan have more in common than the painful process of division . Each features disputes over land and resources , religious and ethnic differences , and conflicting narratives of bloodshed and loss . Time is a critical element in every peace process . And with its referendum fast approaching , Sudan , too , faces the tyranny of the onrushing calendar . The deadline for the Southern referendum promised in the peace agreement , January 9 , 2011 , is not negotiable . But exactly how the North and South will simultaneously separate while remaining interconnected must be . Southern Sudan may possess most of the known petroleum reserves , but the pipelines to market for that oil run through the North . Millions of Southerners displaced by the war will continue to live in Khartoum , and Northerners will live in the South . Every dry season , herders from the North 's Arab Misseriya tribes cross into what will likely become the country of Southern Sudan and then return . The Nile will continue to flow northward , regardless of borders and politics . Boundaries must simultaneously be demarcated and accommodating . And the parties need to finalize the details fast enough to ensure that violence can not fill the vacuum . The last war between North and South lasted for decades and claimed millions of lives . Earlier this year , then-Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair told Congress that , over the next five years , Southern Sudan is the place where "  a new mass killing or genocide is most likely to occur . " And while we try to prevent the next potential wave of genocide , we can not ignore the fact that Darfur 's tragedy remains unresolved . Even as America asks how it can help Southern Sudan prepare for the likely burdens of statehood , it must also consider the Sudan that remains . Attention to Darfur must not be a casualty of our necessary fixation on the North-South crisis . Recognizing the urgency of the situation , the administration has launched a heightened campaign of diplomatic engagement . President Obama joined U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and Vice President Ali Osman Taha of the North and Salva Kiir , leader of the South , in New York last week to highlight the imperatives of peace , while he has also reinforced the American diplomatic presence in the region . Congress must also weigh in . I have written legislation to put Congress on record to reinforce the American commitment to see the peace agreement through , to lay the groundwork for what will come and to reinvigorate the Darfur peace process . One painful lesson from years of Mideast peacemaking is that even when the elements that will constitute an accord may seem clear from the outside , the compromises and choices that will make it possible are difficult to accept , sequence and execute . Time in Sudan is short and the stakes are high . Although the Sudanese themselves will own their future , America must now help North and South Sudan to find a peaceful path forward . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Kerry .	John Kerry : South Sudan likely to vote for independence , raising specter of more war with North Congress must commit to laying groundwork for peace between North and South , he writes Senator says the situation resembles Middle East in its complexity and pitfalls Commitment to revive peace process in Darfur also essential , Kerry writes
CNN  -- It 's not often that someone you know and consider a friend is awarded the Medal of Honor . I first met then-Staff Sgt. Clint Romesha in Colorado in 2010 . We had dinner with three of his fellow soldiers -- then-Sgt . 1st Class Jonathan Hill , Sgt. Tom Rasmussen and Sgt. Eric Harder . Over beer and Mexican food , they talked about their time in the Army and their experiences at Combat Outpost Keating in Afghanistan . I was working on a book about the remote outpost in which they 'd served ; the four troops candidly and generously shared their thoughts with me . Romesha  pronounced ROE-muh-shay  was dark and sardonic . It was clear that he respected basic military values of selflessness , courage and efficiency , and had little tolerance for those who did not . It 's not surprising , because he comes from a military family . Both of his brothers joined the military after high school , following in the footsteps of their father , a Vietnam veteran , and their grandfather , who served during World War II . For the Romeshas , military service is a family tradition . At the dinner , Romesha talked about leaving the Army and spending more time with his wife , Tammy , and their three children . Within a year , he did exactly that . They all now live in Minot , North Dakota . Romesha works as a field safety specialist for an oil field construction firm 90 minutes away . Romesha is modest about the actions for which President Barack Obama will award him on February 11 with the nation 's highest honor for courage . Maybe you saw his modesty in our interview of him , which aired in an hourlong CNN special on Thursday , February 7 , at 10 p.m. ET . Maybe you saw the way he talks about that horrible day -- October 3 , 2009 -- when he and about 50 other American soldiers faced overwhelming Taliban forces numbering more than 300 . Even more terrifying than their numbers was their positional superiority : a 360 degree assault from the high ground . Combat Outpost Keating had been built at the bottom of three steep mountains , providing the enemy from day one with a tactical advantage . For all the glory bestowed on Romesha , he is still torn apart because of those he could n't save that night , those whom no one could have saved . The humility in the interview , his disappointment in not having been able to save every troop 's life , is haunting . Excerpt : "  The Outpost : An Untold Story of American Valor " "  My granddaddy used to teach me , you know , ` When you tell someone you 're going to do something , you do it . You know , your actions is what makes you . ' And I know I 'm hard on myself , but you know it still hurts , " Romesha told me . Eight U.S. troops were killed at Combat Outpost Keating , and the camp was overrun by the Taliban . But because of the valorous actions of troops like Clint Romesha -- and others , including Hill , Rasmussen , Harder , Sgt. Ty Carter , Lt. Andrew Bundermann and more -- ultimately , the United States was able to push the Taliban back and regain control of the camp . Romesha 's leadership was crucial , and his fellow troops say they wonder if they would have survived without his fierce determination . "  There are few people I would follow to hell and back , and Romesha is one of them , " former Pvt. 1st Class Chris Jones told us . I interviewed more than 225 individuals for my book about the attack , "  The Outpost : An Untold Story of American Valor , " which also details the history of the outpost . I met many brave troops along the way . Romesha , without question , stands out . He and I have spent hours talking about the battle  and other matters too , since we became friends  , and some of those conversations will be with me always . He 's a laconic guy , Romesha , the type you might see in a cowboy movie . Few words , strong deeds . The love and dedication he has for his troops , and the degree to which he 's moved when they return those emotions with performance in the line of duty , is almost palpable . "  To watch those guys say we 're short numbered but we 've got the stones , we 're gon na man up . This is what 's required of us . We 're gon na dig deep and we 're gon na man up , " Romesha says . "  I mean , it 's amazing to watch that great sacrifice , losing out on sleep , long , hard days , running up and down the mountains with less guys than the unit before . We took pride in that , that we did more with less and that was our motto for a while . " There are 79 living Medal of Honor recipients , according to the Congressional Medal of Honor Society ; Romesha will be the 80th . I am proud to know him . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jake Tapper .	Jake Tapper : It 's not often that someone you consider a friend is awarded the Medal of Honor Tapper : Clinton Romesha 's leadership was crucial in fighting the Taliban in a very tough battle He says despite the glory , Romesha feels anguish at not being able to save more lives Tapper : Romesha is modest , but his bravery is truly inspiring
Camp Virginia , Kuwait  CNN  -- The U.S. military is ordering that soldiers crossing from Iraq into Kuwait be returned home at a faster rate , a move that comes as commanders work to break up a bottleneck of troops who have been pouring across the border ahead of a year-end deadline to withdraw , CNN has learned . "  The order is to have these soldiers off the ground in Kuwait as soon as possible , " a military official , speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN . The official , based in Kuwait , was not authorized to speak to the media . "  They do n't want these soldiers sitting around here . They want them home . " The official did not immediately know whether the military was moving up or adding flights for troops from Kuwait . The order follows President Barack Obama 's announcement last month that he would pull virtually all troops from Iraq by year 's end , meeting the terms of a U.S.-Iraqi security pact that set a December 31 , 2011 , withdrawal deadline . The president 's announcement followed news that negotiations to extend the deadline broke down after Iraq 's top political leaders refused to grant U.S. troops legal immunity , opening up the prospect of soldiers being tried in Iraqi courts and being subjected to Iraqi punishment . Of the approximate 11,000 troops in Iraq , down from the 50,000 three months earlier , only about 150 will remain after the deadline to assist in arms sales , a U.S. official previously told CNN . The road home for most troops will require them to cross from Iraq , either by convoy or airplane , into Kuwait . There , they will turn in equipment before starting the journey back to the United States . The move to rotate soldiers more quickly out of Kuwait also is aimed at placating the oil kingdom . Kuwait has long been concerned that the U.S. military not increase its footprint in the country . Since mid-October , troops have been rolling almost every day into Camp Virginia , a short distance from the very border crossing used in the 2003 invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein . About 1,200 troops are permanently based at Camp Virginia . The population has swelled , at times , to more than four or five times that number . To accommodate the influx , the dining facilities extended hours of operation , expanded retail hours , opened a second PX , and increased the number of cleaning crews . "  We increased the space available for housing troops , as well as doubled our space for units to perform the administrative work they need to do to redeploy , " said Lt. Col. Brian Bobo , commander of the 134th Brigade Support Battalion , a Minnesota-based National Guard unit deployed to Camp Virginia . "  We also increased showers and latrines to make sure we had enough . " In Iraq , a U.S. military spokesman says every step in the withdrawal is a "  deliberate operation in which we collect intelligence , coordinate with the Iraqi Security Forces , clear routes and ensure that every convoy has ground security and air cover . " "  We take that approach because force protection is inherent in every one of our operations , and we 're going to do everything we can to protect our troops , " Army Maj. Gen. Jeffrey Buchanan , the senior military spokesman for United States Forces-Iraq , told CNN . Buchanan said the U.S. withdrawal is on track , with all troops out of Iraq by year 's end . While Buchanan did not address whether troops were being sent home at a faster rate , he said that the U.S. military in Iraq was working with counterparts in Kuwait to streamline the effort to move troops across the border . "  As a result , we 're able to get them on a plane headed home quicker than before , " he said . Meanwhile , the U.S. military is moving tens of thousands of pieces of equipment , including armored vehicles and equipment to counter improvised explosives , across the border from Iraq to Kuwait . More than 5,800 armored vehicles are expected to pass through Camp Virginia by year 's end , though it will take months more before the equipment is either shipped back to the U.S. or Afghanistan , said Lt. Col. Ronald O'Bryant , a liaison officer with the team overseeing the receipt and shipment of equipment at Camp Virginia . CNN 's Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	Military official : "  They do n't want these soldiers sitting around . They want them home . " The U.S. military withdrawal from Iraq is on schedule , a military official says More than 5,800 armored vehicles are expected to pass through Camp Virginia , an officer says
Tehran  CNN  -- His wife advised him not to go . His friends said it was too dangerous . But in 2011 veteran American football coach Dan Gaspar ignored the warnings and traveled to the Islamic Republic of Iran -- Washington 's longtime political nemesis -- to help Iran 's national football team qualify for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil . "  Sports is my life , " said Gaspar . "  When I came to Iran it did n't have anything to do with political reasons . My personality is one of adventure and curiosity . I wanted to experience a culture in a part of the world I had never been to . " The goalkeeping coach 's journey to Iran is the latest chapter in an international career that 's taken the 58-year-old from the amateur football leagues in the U.S. state of Connecticut -- where he was born -- to the football capitals of the world . The Portuguese-American 's resume includes stints with Major League Soccer 's NY/NJ MetroStars and the Portuguese national team -- featuring megastar Cristiano Ronaldo -- which qualified for the 2010 World Cup . In 2011 , Gaspar 's friend and former colleague Carlos Queiroz was named head of coach of Iran 's national football team . Soon after , Queiroz invited Gaspar to join the coaching staff in Iran . At the time , the Iranian government was locked in a bitter political feud with Washington . Iran regularly called the U.S. "  The Great Satan " . U.S. politicians frequently described Iran as a rogue nation led by a radical regime , secretly building a nuclear bomb . When discussing Washington 's conflict with Tehran , U.S. President Barack Obama said that "  all options are on the table " , suggesting an attack against Iran was not out of the question . Despite the ominous climate Gaspar accepted the offer -- a decision his wife was n't quite comfortable with . "  She was shocked , " Gaspar said . "  She was concerned as most family members were . " Gaspar admits he had concerns too . "  When we first arrived , we did n't know how to behave and how to react , " he said . During his first few months Gaspar did n't socialize much and rarely left his apartment , except for trips to football practice . But Gaspar says he steadily started feeling comfortable . He says he learned his impressions of Iran , created mostly by the media , did n't quite match reality . "  When you listen to the news and you read the news , you see things . Sometimes during commercials I step off my couch and look out of the balcony and it 's not what I am seeing , it 's not what I am reading , it 's not what I am hearing . " Gaspar says what he has observed during his stay in Iran is a nation full of generous people who love their country , their food and their football team . One of his most memorable moments was meeting former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . "  He walked on to the pitch and asked everyone to sit down , and then he himself sat down on the grass , " Gaspar said . "  I thought it was interesting how he put himself on the same level as everyone else . At the end of the day -- I saw him as another human being . " In recent months , Gaspar 's stay in Iran has coincided with a push by Tehran to improve relations with Washington , as moderate President Hassan Rouhani tries to settle Iran 's nuclear dispute with the west . "  Right now more than ever there seems to be a lot of hope and optimism and a sense of energy that things will get better , " says Gaspar . "  For me I believe in peace , and , if peace is an end result , then that 's best for the world . " But the highlight of Gaspar 's Iranian adventure came on the night of June 18 , when Iran 's national football team recorded a 1-0 win over South Korea to qualify for the World Cup for only the fourth time . The win sparked frenzied celebrations on the field and in the streets of Tehran . "  There were a lot of tears , a lot of hugging . You ca n't describe it . Only a few privileged people have the opportunity to climb the mountain and go to the big dance in Brazil in 2014 . " Gaspar says his only disappointment that night was not being able to share the win with his wife and family back in America . His contract in Iran runs through World Cup in Brazil next June and July . He says his focus is to help Iran impress at the tournament and then return to America with some remarkable memories . "  If I would 've listened to the experts , and my friends , and family , I would have never been here in Iran . It 's been part of my life for three years and the memories will last a lifetime . "	American Dan Gaspar is part of the coaching team for the Iran football team Gaspar is a friend of Carlos Queiroz , the Portuguese head coach of Iran The Portuguese-American has worked in the MLS and with the Portugal team Gaspar was part of the coaching team which qualified for the 2014 World Cup
CNN  -- Unfashionable Blackpool will be rubbing shoulders with the likes of Manchester United and Chelsea next season after beating Cardiff City 3-2 in the Championship playoff final at Wembley on Saturday . The club from a famous English seaside resort attract home attendances of less than 10,000 fans to their tiny ground and only sneaked into the playoffs on the final weekend of the regular season . But inspired by coach Ian Holloway , they fully deserved victory after a pulsating first half in which all five goals were scored . "  I 'm so proud , not just for my team but for the area we come from , " Holloway told Sky Sports . "  I can not tell you what a difference this is going to make for the people in Blackpool . "  They 're going to get so much money now from the Premier League . I ca n't put this into words . I 'm bursting with pride . " Cardiff striker Michael Chopra gave them an early lead , but Blackpool 's star player Charlie Adam equalized with a stunning free kick almost immediately . Despite having the vast majority of possession , Blackpool fell behind for a second time when Joe Ledley finished off a neat passing move . But the Seasiders quickly equalized again through Gary Taylor-Fletcher , who had hit the post just before heading the ball home after a corner . To end a frenetic half , veteran striker Brett Ormerod forced home what proved to be the winning goal . David Jones ' men pushed hard for an equalizer after the break and Chopra hit the crossbar from outside the area while Ledley headed just wide , but Blackpool held on for a famous victory . The club are best known for their exploits in 1953 when the legendary Stanley Matthews inspired their victory in the FA Cup final . But backed by Lavtian millionaire Valeri Belokon , Blackpool have climbed from the third flight of English football to the elite in just four years and now stand to see their coffers boosted by # 90 million  $ 130 million  in revenues from the lucrative Premier League . For this reason , the Championship playoff is often billed as the richest match in football . Newcastle and West Bromwich Albion were already promoted to the top flight after claiming the automatic promotion spots in the regular season .	Blackpool beat Cardiff 3-2 in Championship playoff final at Wembley Brett Ormerod scores winning goal just before halftime for Seasiders Promotion to English Premier League worth an estimated $ 130 million to Blackpool
CNN  -- Just about every capital city in Eastern Europe seems to have been called "  the Paris of the East " at some point . Unlike most other cities in the region , however , Budapest does n't need the comparison . The grand old dame on the Danube is one of Europe 's finest capitals by any measure . The eight landmark buildings below give you a feel for both Pest and Buda -- originally separate cities , divided by the river , but united about 150 years ago to form the modern metropolis . Visit these sights in the order presented here and they form a walking tour of sorts  see map to the left  , albeit with the option of jumping on public transport or taking the odd taxi . Taxis are easy to spot in their bright new yellow livery . Take the subway and you 'll be traveling on the world 's second oldest underground railway and , on Line 1 , a World Heritage Site . Parliament Taking 17 years to build and completed in 1902 , this neo-Gothic structure was partly inspired by the UK 's Palace of Westminster . British politician-turned-broadcaster Michael Portillo memorably described it as "  one of the most beautiful legislatures in the world , a cathedral of democracy . " Kossuth Lajos Square in front of the building is being renovated , so the best views are currently from the river  Parliament is right on the Pest embankment  or the opposite Buda banks . Parliament , Kossuth Lajos tér 1-3 , 1055 Budapest ; +36 1 441 4000 More : Hungary 's signature dishes St. Stephen 's Basilica Taking even longer -- 50 years -- than Parliament to complete , the biggest church in Budapest finally opened in 1906 . During construction the building 's dome collapsed and two of the three lead architects died . St. Stephen 's Basilica contains the mummified hand -- called the "  Holy Right " -- of Hungary 's founding king-saint , Stephen  István  . The dome is the same height as Parliament -- current legislation forbids anything higher , so Budapest is n't going to get its own version of London 's Shard any time soon . The church is free to enter , though it costs 500 forints  $ 2.30  to climb up to the observation deck surrounding the 96-meter high dome  closed from November to the end of March  . St. Stephen 's Basillica , Szent István tér 1 , 1051 Budapest ; more on VisitBudapest.travel Hungarian State Opera House A lot of building rivalry has gone on in Budapest . The Austro-Hungarian Emperor Franz Joseph approved  and partially paid for  the construction of an opera house in the city on the condition it was no bigger than the one in Vienna . Smaller it may have been but it was far more opulent -- the emperor 's reported reaction on seeing it at the grand opening in 1884 was to mutter , "  These Hungarians ! " You can visit the ornate building on a tour but , even better , see it while watching an opera or ballet performance . The opera house is located on Andrássy út  itself a World Heritage Site  , Budapest 's grand boulevard full of high-end shops and other magnificent buildings . Hungarian State Opera House , Andrássy út 22 , 1061 Budapest ; +36 1 814-7100 ; more information on performance tickets or guided tours More : 11 things to know before visiting Hungary Dohány utca Synagogue Also known as the Great Synagogue , this is one of the largest Jewish temples in the world . Consecrated in 1859 , the Moorish revival-style building is a center of Neolog Judaism , a moderate reformed branch of the religion . The complex also includes a museum and , in the rear courtyard , a memorial to Jewish Holocaust victims in the form of a weeping willow with the names of the dead and disappeared inscribed on the leaves . An estimated 565,000 Hungarian Jews were murdered in World War II from a prewar population of more than 800,000 . Dohány utca Synagogue , Dohány utca 2 , 1074 Budapest ; +36 1 343 0420 Széchenyi Chain Bridge Budapest is a city of bridges , but the Széchenyi Chain Bridge  Széchenyi lánchíd  is the granddaddy of them all -- in 1849 it became the first permanent span linking Buda and Pest . Commissioned by a Hungarian count , after whom it is named , the 375-meter-long suspension bridge was designed by an English engineer and built under the supervision of a Scot . As with all Budapest bridges , the original was blown up during the siege of the city in World War II -- a broadly similar replacement opened to traffic in 1947 . The bridge is at its most spectacular at night , when fully illuminated . Széchenyi Chain Bridge spans the Danube between Széchenyi tér on the Pest side and Adam Clark tér in Buda . More : Budapest 's best ` ruin bars ' Royal Palace The Castle District , yet another World Heritage Site  why not just designate the whole town a World Heritage Site ?  , dominates the Buda skyline . Although it actually lacks a castle , the Royal Palace , dominating the southern end , is magnificent . A royal residence from the 1300s to the end of the Hungarian monarchy in the early 20th century , it was rebuilt time and again through numerous sieges and wars . It now houses the Budapest History Museum , the Hungarian National Gallery and the National Széchenyi Library . Like the Széchenyi Bridge , the palace looks particularly magical each evening , when floodlights are switched on . Royal Palace , Szent György tér 2 , 1014 Budapest ; +36 1 224 3700 Fisherman 's Bastion So named because the fisherman 's guild was responsible for protecting this section of the medieval defenses , this is n't a building so much as a glorified wall . What you see today was built between 1895 and 1902 to replace the former castle wall and designed to harmonize with neighboring Matthias  Mátyás  Church . The bastion 's seven turrets represent the seven Hungarian tribes . They were n't designed to keep people out , but to provide a vantage point -- the panorama they offer over the river  both embankments are -- you guessed it -- also a World Heritage Site  is breathtaking . Fisherman 's Bastion , Hess András tér 1-3 , 1014 Budapest More : Why misers should head for Budapest National Theater Proof that not every Budapest building worth seeing need be more than 100 years old , the National Theater opened on the Pest Embankment , next to the Palace of Arts , in 2002 . The eclectic modern design includes references to much of the city 's historic architecture but also incorporates a lot of glasswork . The public park in which the theater sits has a sculptured entrance gate in the form of theater curtains , statues of popular Hungarian actors in their most famous roles scattered about and a maze -- just in case you 're not tired of walking around . National Theater , Bajor Gizi park 1 , 1095 Budapest ; +36 1 476-6868 CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However , CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	"  Paris of the East " ? Budapest needs no such comparison Budapest 's Opera House may be smaller than Vienna 's -- but it 's more opulent The city 's Chain Bridge and Royal Palace look superb lit up at night
MUNICH , Germany  CNN  -- Juliane Koepcke is not someone you 'd expect to attract attention . Plainly dressed and wearing prescription glasses , Koepcke sits behind her desk at the Zoological Center in Munich , Germany , where she 's a librarian . Juliane Koepcke fell more than 3kms after the plane in which she was traveling broke up in midair . Yet this unassuming middle aged woman has one of the most exciting and unbelievable stories of tragedy and survival to tell . It was Christmas Eve , 1971 , when Koepcke , then aged 17 , and her mother boarded a Lockheed Electra turboprop for a flight from Lima , Peru , to Pucallpa in the Amazonian rainforest . Her parents , both famous zoologists , ran a research station in the jungle studying wildlife . The airline , LANSA , had already lost two aircraft in previous crashes . "  We knew the airline had a bad reputation , " Koepcke told CNN , "  but we desperately wanted to be with my father for Christmas , so we figured it would be alright . " The flight was supposed to last for less than an hour and for the first 25 minutes everything was fine , Koepcke recalled . "  Then we flew into heavy clouds and the plane started shaking . My mother was very nervous . Then to the right we saw a bright flash and the plane went into a nose dive . My mother said , ` This is it ! ' " An accident investigation later found that one of the fuel tanks of the Lockheed Electra had been hit by a bolt of lightning which had torn the right wing off . "  We were headed straight down . Christmas presents were flying around the cabin and I could hear people screaming . " Watch Koepcke tell her dramatic survivor 's story " As the plane broke into pieces in midair , Koepcke was thrust out into the open air : "  Suddenly there was this amazing silence . The plane was gone . I must have been unconscious and then came to in midair . I was flying , spinning through the air and I could see the forest spinning beneath me . " Then Koepcke lost consciousness again . She fell more than three kilometers  two miles  into the jungle canopy but miraculously survived with only minor injuries . Ninety-one other people aboard Flight 508 died . Koepcke says she is not a spiritual person and has tried to find logical explanations for why she survived . "  Maybe it was the fact that I was still attached to a whole row of seats , " she says . "  It was rotating much like the helicopter and that might have slowed the fall . Also , the place I landed had very thick foliage and that might have lessened the impact . " In any case she survived with only minor injuries . Her collarbone was broken , her right eye swollen shut , she was suffering concussion and had large gashes on her arms and legs . "  I did n't wake up until nine o'clock the next morning . I know this because my watch was still working . So I must have been unconscious the whole afternoon and the night . When I came to I was alone , just me ... and my row of seats . " Her ordeal was far from over . Rescue planes and search crews were unable to locate the crash site and Koepcke was stranded in the jungle alone . But she had spent years on the research station with her parents and her father had taught her how to survive in the rainforest -- she knew how to cope in that environment . " "  He said if you find a creek , follow it because that will lead to a stream and a stream will lead to a bigger river and that 's where you 'll find help . " The day after the crash she found a creek and started to wade down stream , but it was tough going . The only food she had was some candy she had found at the crash site and her wounds were quickly infested with parasites . "  I had a cut on my arm and after a few days I could feel there was something in it . I took a look and a fly had laid her eggs in the hole . It was full of maggots . I was afraid I would lose my arm . Later , after I was rescued it was treated and more than 50 maggots were found inside . I still wonder how so many maggots could have fitted into that little hole , it was no bigger than a one euro coin . " As she travelled downstream , Koepcke discovered more wreckage from the plane -- and found some of the crash victims . "  I found another row of seats with three dead women still strapped in . They had landed head-first and the impact must have been so hard that they were buried almost two feet into the ground . "  I was horrified -- I did n't want to touch them but I wanted to make sure that my mother was n't one of them . So I took a stick and knocked a shoe off one of the bodies . The toe nails had nail polish on them and I knew it could not have been my mother because she never used nail polish . " Juliane continued through the rainforest , wading through jungle streams infested with crocodiles , piranhas and devil rays . "  Sometimes I would see a crocodile on the bank and it would start into the water towards me , but I was not afraid . I knew crocodiles do n't tend to attack humans . " After 10 days , starved and exhausted , Koepke finally came upon a small boat and a hut on the river . She stayed there , hoping to be rescued . The next day a group of Peruvian lumberjacks found her and brought her to the next town . She became known as the miracle girl and was hounded by Peruvian media , receiving hundreds of letters from people she had never met before . "  It was so strange , " she says , smiling . "  Some of the letters were simply addressed ` Juliane -- Peru ' but they still all found their way to me . " The events of 1971 still haunt Koepcke and she says the memories are especially clear when she is confronted with airline disasters like last month 's Air France crash off the coast of Brazil . "  It just horrifies me . I only hope it all went quickly for those on board . "	German girl , 17 , was only survivor of 1971 plane crash in Peruvian rainforest Juliane Koepcke fell more than 3km into jungle attached to a row of seats Koepcke suffered minor injuries , survived for 10 days alone in rainforest Koepcke haunted by ordeal ; especially when confronted with other air disasters
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- Before the protests of tuition hikes last week , a colleague posted the following : "  Need suggestions for protest songs . We have a DJ but need to give her a play list . " The requests started coming in : Joan Baez , the Dixie Chicks , The Clash . I wondered about the overlap between songs on a professor 's play list and those on a student 's . So I went to class and asked students to tell me what they wanted to hear . The list included Dead Prez , Lyrics Born , B-Side Players and Erykah Badu , among many others . This is the protest play list of a new generation . My introduction to protest songs came through my mom . As the daughter of a Chicano movement activist , I attended protests against wars in Central America and rallies in response to police repression . Last week , I marched in solidarity with people across 17 states calling for well-funded , accessible public education . While at the March 4 rally , I realized that California 's public education system has had a great impact on who my mother and I are today . As a 15-year-old immigrant newly arrived in Los Angeles , my mother was placed in remedial classes because she did n't speak English . She struggled with the language but excelled in math . Yet her high school counselor directed her to work at a local tortilla factory . This was the early 1960s , just a few years before students responded to educational inequities through organized acts of civil disobedience that would later be referred to as the East Los Angeles blowouts . It was only by chance , and without parental or institutional guidance , that my mom enrolled in East Los Angeles College . Like many other low-income and working students , community college was her entry into higher education . It was not until her mid-30s that she enrolled in the California State University of Los Angeles while working full time . I was in elementary school and remember going to campus with her on days that my dad was working , even during an in-class exam . This was my first exposure to a university classroom . Since then , I have taught at the California State University of Los Angeles and the University of California at San Diego . I am currently an assistant professor at San Francisco State University . Watching preschool teachers and children participating in the recent marches reminded me that my education began at Head Start . My mom enrolled me in this program , which provided early reading and math skills and set a foundation for my educational development . I stand in solidarity with early childhood educators . At the protest , I watched high school students confidently take the stage and list their demands and hopes for a better future . I wish that my mom , as a teenage immigrant , could have aired her own frustrations with the 1960s educational system . Today 's high school students inspire me , and I am proud of today 's teachers , who support their students . I ran into some of my own students at the rally . One asked where she could hear the DJ playing her song request . We searched through the sea of people and realized the turnout was much larger than we had imagined . The protest play lists of multiple generations filled the air with music . Young fans of Dead Prez marched and chanted alongside older fans of Joan Baez . They all recognized the need for well-funded , accessible public education . Rising student fees have placed barriers between thousands of eligible students and their dreams of higher education . In addition , budget cuts and the subsequent elimination of course offerings have extended the number of years necessary to graduate . Many of my students have taken on multiple jobs to finance their education . I hear their stories and imagine my mom trying to attend Cal State L.A. today . Younger generations in the U.S. have consistently achieved a higher level of education than the generation that came before . But for the first time since World War II , we are in danger of reversing that trend . Students and educators view education as a public good available to all and will continue mobilizing to restore funding for public education . Will they receive support or will education become a luxury available to fewer and fewer people ? The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Katynka Z. Martínez .	Katynka Z. Martínez : Protest songs at education rally ranged from old school to hip hop Martínez : Whichever generation , all were fighting for accessible , affordable higher education Writer 's mom immigrated to L.A. at 15 and went to college ; she could n't afford it today Rising fees keep thousands of eligible students from realizing their dreams , she says
EW.com  -- Having decided that its program could use a few more thongs , the Los Angeles Film Festival announced today that Steven Soderbergh 's male-stripper drama "  Magic Mike " -- starring Channing Tatum , Matthew McConaughey , Matt Bomer , and a bunch of other guys who look pretty darn good with their shirts off -- will have its world premiere as the festival 's closing-night selection . The festival , now in its 18th year , also unveiled the rest of its line-up . Among the notable movies featured are Woody Allen 's ensemble comedy "  To Rome With Love "  making its North American premiere as the opening-night film  , the apocalyptic Steve Carell-Keira Knightley comedy "  Seeking a Friend for the End of the World "  world premiere  , the Chris Pine-Elizabeth Banks drama "  People Like Us "  world premiere  , and Sundance holdovers including "  Beasts of the Southern Wild , " "  Celeste and Jesse Forever , " and "  Robot & Frank . " The Los Angeles Film Festival runs June 14-24 at the L.A. Live complex in downtown Los Angeles . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Magic Mike " will have its world premiere at the Los Angeles Film Festival The festival , now in its 18th year , also unveiled the rest of its line-up Woody Allen 's ensemble comedy "  To Rome With Love " will make its North American premiere
London  CNN  -- UK celebrity chef Nigella Lawson , whose private life hit the headlines when she testified about drug use last year , was prevented from boarding a flight from London to the United States , a U.S. official said Thursday . Lawson was turned back from boarding British Airways Flight 283 from London Heathrow to Los Angeles on March 30 , said Lynne Platt , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Embassy in London . Platt would not say why Lawson had been stopped . A representative for Lawson declined to comment . Lawson made headlines late last year when she admitted to drug use during the fraud trial of two former personal assistants to Lawson . Platt said Lawson had been invited to come to the U.S. Embassy in London to apply for a visa for travel to the United States . "  We understand she has professional requirements for U.S. travel , " she said . "  These matters are generally handled routinely and expeditiously . " Lawson , whose divorce from millionaire art dealer Charles Saatchi also made front page news last year , has appeared as a judge on the ABC show "  The Taste " in the United States . The second season of the show wrapped up in February . CNN 's Andrew Carey contributed to this report .	Lawson is prevented from boarding flight to Los Angeles , U.S. Embassy says U.S. Embassy declines to give reason , says Lawson has been invited to apply for a visa Lawson admitted limited cocaine use during trial of two ex-personal assistants last year
CNN  -- Only moments after Tiger Woods began reading his apology Friday , writers , pundits and tweeters largely split into two camps : those who felt that his words were a heartfelt effort to acknowledge wrongs and set them right , and those who did n't believe a word of it . David Hinckley , in the New York Daily News , was unconvinced : "  Prisoners of war reading prepared denunciations of Western imperialism look more comfortable than Tiger Woods did Friday , apologizing for his ` selfish and irresponsible ' behavior . Never relaxed and easygoing in front of a TV camera in the best of times , Woods was a man saying the right things out loud while everything about his demeanor was silently screaming , ' I do n't want to be here . ' His eyes occasionally moving around the room as he worked to enunciate his scripted remarks clearly , Woods looked like a man who had caught his leg in a bear trap . " By contrast , SI.com 's Michael Rosenberg took Tiger at his word : "  This was a real person with real flaws and real failures that he really acknowledged . Tiger has always preferred to sell an image instead of being himself ; this was obvious even before he crashed his car last Thanksgiving . Ironically , at the moment when Tiger 's image is most at risk , he finally showed us who he is . ... A lot of us have trouble apologizing to our spouse or our boss when we make a mistake . Think about what it must be like to apologize to the world . I do n't know what else people can ask of the guy . " At beliefnet.com , Rabbi Schmuley Boteach was convinced that the apology was heartfelt : "  Tiger Woods ' statement was a model of repentance and contrition . He admitted he had a problem . He said that words alone would not solve it , that he requires , and is receiving counseling . He admitted that celebrity and money had given him a sense of entitlement and had corrupted him . He said he had behaved selfishly and irresponsibly . He accepted that being a public figure meant private responsibility and that he had to model good behavior for the youth . And he looked the entire time like he meant it . It was that rarest of things , a sincere and unconditional statement of contrition and responsibility from a public figure for cheating on his wife . " ESPN.com 's Bill Simmons called the apology "  a borderline train wreck " and said : "  It amazes me that Tiger learned little to nothing from the past two months . The control freak whose life slipped out of control dipped right back into control-freak mode , reading a prepared speech in front of a hand-selected audience of people , taking no questions , talking in clichés and only occasionally seeming human . Everything about it seemed staged . Everything . When the main camera broke down at the nine-minute mark and Tiger had to be shown from the side , I half-expected to see that he was plugged in to the wall . " CNN legal analyst Lisa Bloom had a different take , saying that while Tiger Woods hit a "  home run " in acknowledging that he had a mistaken view of what his fame entitled him to , the most significant thing about the apology was the absence of his wife , Elin : "  Elin Woods joins the more recent and growing list -- Elizabeth Edwards , Jenny Sanford -- who stand out for not standing by their husbands ' public confessionals . Famous wives are public figures themselves , however reluctantly , and serve as role models for girls and women who watch their moves carefully . Elin 's absence says this : I am not a doormat . Nor should you be . She may forgive , or not ; she may stay , or not . That 's her private business . But she refused to be part of the public spectacle ... And that is as it should be . " Mary McNamara , at the Los Angeles Times , wondered why Woods bothered to make the statement , saying it just "  reignited " the news cycle : " ... it would have been nice if Woods had seemed more genuine -- the only real emotion he seemed to be experiencing was anger at the media , and a general air of irritated resignation at having to make this statement in the first place . Which , of course , he did not . The world would have gone on turning without a prepared statement from Tiger Woods . But unless Woods is planning to retire , to embrace a truly private life , then going out there with a ` I 'm saying this and then I 'm not saying anything more ' is just ridiculous and disingenuous . " Taking more of the middle ground , Washington Post media columnist Howard Kurtz , who hosts "  Reliable Sources " on CNN , said on the Post 's site : "  It 's not too much to say that this is a man in pain -- self-inflicted , to be sure , but pain nonetheless . But putting the tawdriness of the multiple mistresses behind him will probably take more than one carefully controlled television appearance . " iReport : Share your views on Woods ' apology Even before the apology , there was a bounty of opinion arguing that it was n't a good idea . The pseudonymous "  Stanley Bing " at Fortune.com begged Tiger not to apologize in this blog post : "  This nation is an apology factory . People are held up to impossible standards , or even possible ones , and fail to live up to them , as people will , and then the apology machine goes into action and will not shut down again until it runs its course , or is denied of fuel . You are simply giving it more fuel . ... I hope I 'm not too late . You 're scheduled to apologize again this morning . Perhaps you wo n't get this advice until it 's too late . If so , you know what ? It 's still good . You ca n't unapologize now . But let that be it , forever . Answer no more questions . Say you 're sorry , if necessary , to the one person to whom you genuinely owe an apology . No , it 's not Barbara Walters . " And Selena Roberts , at SI.com , faulted Woods for stealing the spotlight from U.S. athletes at the Winter Olympics who were getting well-earned recognition : "  The Americans have earned their enthusiasm , and all the coverage and headlines that go with it . Now Tiger wants to eclipse their sunshine by crashing their bash with his own pity party . ... The days of seeing the Americans through the prism of Olympians Behaving Badly have seemed a scene of the past at these Games . Then Tiger , the nation 's gold-medal bad boy , surfaces , demanding equal time . Once again , Tiger could n't help himself . " CNN contributor Roland Martin said he was n't looking for an apology : "  I 'm sick of these sanctimonious folks who are blabbering about Woods needing to be grilled about his private behavior . Look , Tiger Woods did n't cheat on me . He 's not my daddy , brother , cousin , church member , neighbor or friend . He did n't let me down or crush my view of him . He is not and never was my role model . "	Tiger Woods apologized Friday and said he was working on repairing damage he caused Immediate opinion divided , with one group saying he showed vulnerability and sincerity Another group said apology was scripted and did n't seem heartfelt
Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri exhorted his fighters to find out who killed his chief representative in war-torn Syria , where militants have had a strong presence and strong rivalries amid the country 's civil war . Two suicide bombers in Aleppo killed Khaled al-Suri in February when they blew themselves up inside a compound used as a headquarters . Al-Zawahiri , in a recorded message posted on a militant website and uploaded on YouTube , deplored the action and called it "  sedition . " "  All Muslims should not help those who blow up the headquarters of the holy fighters or those who send them car bombs and human bombs , and to stop supporting it in any way , " the speaker said . CNN could not independently confirm that al-Zawahiri made the remarks . But his comments in the past have shown up on the same militant website . Syria , now in its fourth year of civil warfare , has been the site of what many have called a deadly proxy war between Shiite and Sunni militants . Iran has backed Bashar al-Assad 's government in Syria , and Hezbollah , the Lebanese Shiite group , has fought in support of the government . Sunni governments , such as Qatar and Saudi Arabia , have supported rebels . Islamic militants , such as al Qaeda-linked groups , have taken up arms in the country . Rivalry and fighting have emerged between extremist groups in Syria , such al Qaeda-linked Nusra Front and the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria . As a result , al-Zawahiri urged all Muslims and mujahedeen to refrain from infighting . "  Whoever commits such sins should remember that he is fulfilling for the enemies of Islam what they were unable to achieve on their own with all their resources , " al-Zawahiri said . Well over 100,000 people have been killed and millions displaced in the civil war , the United Nations says . READ : Opinion : Forget Ukraine , Syria is now the world 's biggest threat	Syria has been engulfed in civil war since March 2011 Some see the conflict as a Sunni-Shiite proxy war The al Qaeda leader emerged to deplore the killing of his top representative in Syria
CNN  -- Pakistan were indebted to an inspired bowling performance from their captain to survive a major scare from minnows Canada and maintain their 100 per cent record at the Cricket World Cup . Shahid Afridi took five wickets in a devastating spell as Canada were bowled out for 138 chasing a modest Pakistan total of 184 . At 104-4 Canada looked to be on target to match Ireland 's stunning win over England on Wednesday before Afridi decimated their middle and lower order , adding a superb run out to his five wickets . Canada lost their final six wickets for just 36 runs as Pakistan surged to the top of Group A with three wins from three matches . But it could have been a very different story had Afridi not rescued his side after they toiled against Canada 's bowling attack . . Pakistan lost wickets at regular intervals in their innings with their top three batsman failing to make more than 16 . Misbah-ul-Haq and Umar Akmal put together a partnership of 73 before the latter fell for 48 to the bowling of Balaji Rao . Afridi added 20 off 17 balls before he was dismissed by Rizwan Cheema . Harvir Baidwan was the pick of Canada 's bowlers , recording figures of 3-35 . Balaji Rao , Rizwan Cheema and Jimmy Hansra took two wickets each . Canada were reduced to 16-2 in their reply but recovered to 104-4 with Hansra well set . But Afridi changed the game with a ruthless display of spin bowling . He accounted for Ashish Bagai , Hansra , Cheema , Tyson Gordon and Baidwan before removing Balaji Rao with a direct hit as the batsmen attempted a single . Wahab Riaz polished off the match by bowling Henry Osinde . Earlier , South Africa thrashed the Netherlands by 231 runs as they recorded their second victory in the competition to top Group B. Hashim Amla and AB De Villiers both hit centuries as South Africa raced to an impressive 351-5 off their 50 overs . In reply the Netherlands were bowled out for just 120 as spinner Imran Tahir took three wickets . Robin Peterson and Jacques Kallis took two apiece .	Pakistan survive a scare from Canada at the Cricket World Cup Canada bowled out for just 138 chasing Pakistan total of 184 Shahid Afridi takes five wickets to make it three wins from three for Pakistan South Africa thrash the Netherlands winning by 231 runs to top Group B
Health.com  -- An advisory panel to the Food and Drug Administration has recommended that devices used in electroconvulsive therapy ? also known as "  electroshock therapy " ? should continue to be classified as high risk . The devices , which induce a seizure by delivering an electrical current to a patient 's brain , are used to treat intractable cases of depression , as well as bipolar disorder , schizophrenia , and other mental disorders . On Friday , a majority of experts on the panel expressed support for classifying ECT devices as high risk for the treatment of depression and several other conditions . Although the panel members "  weighed in , " no formal vote was taken and none is expected , according to FDA spokesperson Karen Riley . FDA mulls future of electroshock therapy If the FDA follows the panel 's advice , as it usually does , the makers of ECT devices may need to provide the agency with additional safety and efficacy evidence , like that required for prescription drugs . ECT machines are currently in a high-risk category but have so far avoided the cumbersome FDA approval process thanks to a grandfather clause . Proponents of ECT were dismayed by the panel 's assessment . Just two small companies in the U.S. make ECT devices , and some experts worry that neither will have the resources to conduct the studies that the FDA may require , which could ultimately restrict access to the treatment . "  It 's going to be very unfortunate , " says Helen Lavretsky , M.D. , a professor of psychiatry at UCLA . "  It 's going to disappear out of our practices . There are 100,000 people who undergo ECT in the U.S. , and it wo n't be available to them . " Health.com : 10 myths about shock therapy One of the device manufacturers , the Illinois-based company Somatics , declined to comment . Nancy Koenigsberg , the legal director of Disability Rights New Mexico , in Albuquerque , New Mexico , one of many patient advocacy groups that argued for stricter oversight of ECT devices in the lead-up to last week 's meeting , says her organization was "  pleased " with the outcome . "  We agree that the manufacturers of ECT devices should have to go through the -LSB- pre-market approval -RSB- process to show they are clinically safe and effective , " Koenigsberg says . "  We hope the FDA takes the committee 's advice . " Health.com : What ECT feels like The FDA 's official decision will not be made for at least a year , and doctors can continue to use ECT devices in the interim . Even if the agency requires manufacturers to seek approval for their products , the devices will remain in use during the approval process , Riley says . "  We 're optimistic that this life-saving procedure will continue to be available as a treatment option for patients with debilitating illnesses , " the president of the American Psychiatric Association , Carol Bernstein , M.D. , said in a statement . The association supports reclassifying ECT devices as medium risk , which would preclude the need for additional research regarding their safety and effectiveness . Copyright Health Magazine 2010	A panel of experts deemed ECT devices high risk for the treatment of severe depression The FDA 's official decision will not be made for at least a year Doctors can continue to use ECT devices in the interim
CNN  -- They 've earned admiration around the world for their on-court prowess , not to mention the enviable sum of more than $ 160 million in prize money between them . Now the "  Big Four " of the men 's tennis world have helped negotiate a pay rise for their lower-ranked colleagues . Roger Federer , Rafael Nadal , Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray have joined forces to convince Wimbledon chiefs to increase the prize money for this year 's tournament to # 16.1 million  $ 25.9 million  . It 's a 10 % increase on last year 's # 14.6 million  $ 23.5 million  total , representing the biggest rise in 19 years . The largest slice of the cash will go to players making an early exit in late June , with first-round singles losers to each scoop # 14,500  $ 23,400  -- up 26.1 % on last year . The singles champions , meanwhile , will see their prize money rise by just 4.5 % , though this will still leave them with a tidy sum of # 1.15 million  $ 1.85 million  each . Djokovic won the men 's title last year to become the new world No. 1 , while Petra Kvitova will also be defending her title in London . Every round of the grass-court tournament will see increases , with those in the quarterfinals enjoying a rise of 5.5 % to # 145,000  $ 233,720  . The decision aims to quell growing grumblings within the sport over the amount of money being offered to lesser players who are failing to meet rising costs . Those knocked out in the earlier rounds are increasingly struggling to cover travel costs or employ a regular coach , and there had been rumors of players preparing a strike in protest . However this was denied by chairman of the host All England Club , Phillip Brook . The Wimbledon chief said the decision followed a meeting with the Big Four at Indian Wells last month . He insisted the issue of strikes was never discussed . "  Wimbledon continues to be successful and we are delighted to share that success with the players by increasing total prize money by 10 % , the largest increase since 1993 , " he said . "  At the same time , we appreciate the need to help players meet the rising costs associated with professional tennis , so the majority of the record # 1.5 million increase will be distributed to those who are knocked out in the early rounds of the championships . " Wimbledon follows the lead of the French Open , which last month increased its overall prize purse by 7 % to $ 24.6 million . Similarly , the biggest rise went to first-round losers , who picked up a 20 % boost -- a prize of $ 23,670 . In comparison , singles champions at Roland Garos scored an increase of 4.17 % , giving them total prizes of $ 1.64 million each . The pressure will now be on the two other grand slams to follow suit . Growing unrest started at last year 's U.S. Open , where Murray and Nadal were particularly vocal about the uneven distribution of prize money . The New York event 's singles champions earn $ 1.8 million and first-round knockouts get $ 19,000 . At January 's Australian Open , title winners earned $ 2.37 million each , compared with $ 21,500 for players who lost at the first hurdle .	` Big Four - Roger Federer , Rafael Nadal , Novak Djokovic , Andy Murray - secure prize rise Wimbledon prize money rises by 10 % to # 16.1 m - the biggest increase in 19 years Largest increase will go to players knocked out early - up 26.1 % for first-round exits Follows French Open 's lead which gave first-round losers a 20 % boost and prize of $ 23,670
Forget the incoming arctic blast . With the upper Midwest and Great Lakes buried in snow and freezing temperatures as far south as Oklahoma , it 's time to book a vacation at a warm-weather resort . Fine dining , lovely pools and exciting adventures ... and why not include the cost of your food , drink and other amenities in the price of admission ? Here are TripAdvisor 's top 25 all-inclusive resorts around the world . In defense of the all-inclusive resort The travel website 's award winners were based on its members ' reviews and opinions of all-inclusive resorts around the world over a period from August 1 , 2013 , through July 31 , 2014 . If you prefer to search for a resort in one part of the world , there are dedicated lists for seven regions worldwide , including the Caribbean , Mexico , Europe and Asia . TripAdvisor 's top 25 all-inclusive resorts around the world 1 . Royalton Cayo Santa Maria , Villa Clara Province , Cuba 2 . Iberostar Grand Hotel Paraiso , Playa Paraiso , Mexico 3 . Kurumba Maldives , the Maldives 4 . Le Blanc Spa Resort , Cancun , Mexico 5 . Secrets Maroma Beach Riviera Cancun , Playa Maroma , Mexico 6 . Luxury Bahia Principe Cayo Levantado Don Pablo Collection , Samana Province , Dominican Republic 7 . Iberostar Grand Bavaro Hotel , Punta Cana , Dominican Republic 8 . Galley Bay Resort , St. John 's , Antigua 9 . Rixos Sharm El Sheikh Resort , Nabq Bay , Egypt 10 . Excellence Playa Mujeres , Playa Mujeres , Mexico 11 . Iberostar Grand Hotel Rose Hall , Rose Hall , Jamaica 12 . Secrets Silversands Riviera Cancun , Puerto Morelos , Mexico 13 . The Reserve at Paradisus Palma Real , Punta Cana , Dominican Republic 14 . Sultan Gardens Resort , Sharm El Sheikh , Egypt 15 . Salinas do Maragogi All Inclusive Resort , Maragogi , Brazil 16 . Andilana Beach Resort , Nosy Be , Antsiranana Province , Madagascar 17 . Live Aqua Cancun All Inclusive , Cancun , Mexico 18 . Sandals Whitehouse European Village and Spa , White House , Jamaica 19 . Cozumel Palace , Cozumel , Mexico 20 . Melia Cayo Coco , Jardines del Rey , Cuba 21 . Oceania Club , Nea Moudania , Greece 22 . The Reserve at Paradisus Punta Cana , Punta Cana , Dominican Republic 23 . Secrets the Vine Cancun Resort & Spa , Cancun , Mexico 24 . Grand Velas Riviera Maya , Playa del Carmen , Mexico 25 . Iberostar Hacienda Dominicus , Bayahibe , Dominican Republic	These 25 all-inclusive resorts include drinks , food and fun Most are clustered in Mexico and the Caribbean , with a few exceptions Brazil , Greece and Egypt also made the list
London  CNN  -- British archaeologists have discovered the 1,000-year-old boat burial of a Viking warrior in the Scottish Highlands . The man was laid to rest inside his boat , surrounded by valuable items including an ornately-decorated sword , a shield , a spear and an ax -- all of which suggest he was of high status . Experts say the find -- the first fully intact grave of its kind on the UK mainland -- may be part of one of the country 's most significant Viking sites . "  A Viking boat burial is an incredible discovery , " said project co-director and archaeologist Dr Hannah Cobb , from the University of Manchester . "  But in addition to that , the artifacts and preservation make this one of the most important Norse graves ever excavated in Britain . " Archaeologists from several universities have spent the past six years carrying out digs at a number sites on the remote Ardnamurchan Peninsula , on Scotland 's west coast . They are aiming to trace the whole history of the area , from the first traces of human habitation 6,000 years ago to the present . Previous excavations nearby have uncovered a Neolithic tomb , a Bronze Age monument , and a 19th century site linked to the Highland Clearances . But Dr Oliver Harris of the University of Leicester , one of the project 's leaders , said the boat burial was "  the best of the bunch . " "  It 's absolutely fantastic -- the find of a lifetime , " he told CNN . "  It is very rich , very old , the sort of thing I dreamed of excavating as a boy . " Other grave goods found with the Viking included a knife , flints , a bronze ring pin from Ireland , a whetstone from Norway , and items of pottery from the Hebrides . The team also excavated hundreds of metal rivets , which would have held together the Viking 's boat -- the wood of which had rotted away over the centuries . Harris said the objects gave tantalizing clues to the identity of the man buried at Ardnamurchan . "  Of course , we will never know his name , or anything like that , but we can tell he was an important figure , a man of very high status , and somebody with international connections , links to lots of different places , but also to the local area , " he said . The archaeologist said he and the rest of the team planned to return to the site again next summer to carry out further investigations . "  This was just one burial , but it is part of a much larger story , " he said . "  There are many more questions to answer . We want to find out if there are others , or if people were living in settlements nearby , so we will be back there next year . "	Viking boat burial found at Ardnamurchan in the Scottish Highlands Experts say Viking of high status was laid to rest inside boat , with belongings around him Ornate sword , shield , spear and pin found alongside body in five-meter-long grave Discovery hailed as "  one of the most important Norse graves in Britain "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan checked into a California rehab center early Friday , ending -- at least for now -- a drama that has had more twists and turns than a high-speed car chase . Shawn Holley , the lawyer who guided Lohan through years of legal turmoil until the actress abruptly fired her in January , helped her avoid jail once again by brokering a deal , her father told CNN Friday . "  I am so thankful to Shawn Holley and Evan Haney , her manager , for doing this , " Michael Lohan said . While he would n't name the California facility his daughter entered , he noted it is a rehab program she 's been in before . The actress underwent three months of court-ordered substance abuse rehab at the Betty Ford Clinic at the end of 2010 , but she was in legal trouble again weeks later -- facing a shoplifting charge that led to her current woes . Lohan , 26 , "  wants to settle in " for a few days while arrangements can be made to transfer her to the Lukens Institute in Palm Beach Gardens , Florida , which bills itself as a "  luxury rehab center , " Michael Lohan said . "  The Lukens Institute is where she wanted to go all along -- a place she will get the right treatment and finally get better , " Michael Lohan said . Santa Monica City Attorney Terry White , who must approve any transfer , has not responded to CNN calls for comment . The actress was supposed to start a 90-day stint in a "  lockdown " rehab center Thursday , an alternative to a three-month jail term for two misdemeanor convictions and a shoplifting probation violation finding in March . But she abruptly left the Southern California facility where she had gone Thursday morning because "  she was not happy with the place , " her father said . Michael Lohan said he was not happy with it either because of the revelation that the facility -- Morningside Recovery in Newport Beach -- ca n't provide alcohol and drug rehab treatments because California officials revoked its license . "  If a 24-hour residential facility is providing treatment or services to promote the recovery of alcohol and drug abuse then they must possess a license , " said Millicent Tidwell , deputy director for the California Department of Alcohol and Drug Programs . None of Morningside 's several locations in California are licensed , Tidwell said . The company previously had three licenses , but all were revoked . The state 's licensing agency is in litigation with Morningside 's unlicensed Newport Beach facility , she said . It 's unclear whether Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge James Dabney knew Morningside was unlicensed when Lohan 's lawyer , Mark Heller , informed him in court Thursday morning that she would spend her rehab sentence there . White objected at Thursday 's hearing , saying Heller did n't get prior approval for Lohan to go to Morningside . White said he needed time to investigate it . "  Lindsay had no idea that Morningside was n't approved , " Michael Lohan said . Heller has not respond to several CNN requests for comment . The judge ordered the treatment after Lohan entered pleas of no contest on charges relating to a traffic accident and , with those convictions , she was found in violation of her shoplifting probation . Her six years of legal troubles trace back to two drunken driving arrests in 2007 and include other incidents in which she was behind the wheel . Lohan was charged with reckless driving and lying to a police officer about a June 2012 car crash in which her Porsche hit a dump truck on the Pacific Coast Highway in Santa Monica , California . Her arrest triggered the probation violation charge . The police report said Lohan denied being behind the wheel , but the prosecutor was expected to call witnesses who say she was driving . Lindsay Lohan acknowledged her drug and alcohol addiction in past court appearances . She 's spent 250 days in five rehab facilities since January 2007 , including one long court-ordered stint after a failed drug test . The actress has appeared in court at least 20 times before four Los Angeles judges who have now found her in violation of probation six times and sentenced her to a total of nine months in jail . Lohan has spent about two weeks behind bars in six trips to the Los Angeles County jail , served 35 days under house arrest and worked about 67 days of community service at the county morgue .	NEW : The lawyer Lindsay Lohan fired in January returns to help her avoid jail again NEW : The actress faced jail unless she entered rehab Lohan abruptly left another rehab center Thursday The actress must spent 90 days in rehab , a judge ordered
New York  CNN  -- The University of Connecticut men 's basketball program will be penalized for recruitment violations , including a suspension for head coach Jim Calhoun , the NCAA announced Tuesday . "  The case includes more than $ 6,000 in improper recruiting inducements , impermissible phone calls and text messages to prospective student-athletes , " the NCAA said . Additional allegations include , "  failure to monitor and promote an atmosphere for compliance by the head coach , failure to monitor by the university , and unethical conduct by the former operations director . " Following a two-year investigation , the Division I Committee on Infractions found that UConn men 's basketball staff members violated NCAA rules , exchanging 150 calls and 190 text messages with prospective recruits , and providing complimentary game tickets . The committee also found that Calhoun , who has been head coach for 24 years , knowingly allowed a booster and certified NBA agent to participate in recruitment and make prohibited financial contributions to a potential student-athlete . "  Penalties include suspension of the head coach for three conference games during the 2011-12 season , scholarship reductions for three academic years , recruiting restrictions , permanent disassociation of a booster and three years probation , " the NCAA announced . Calhoun responded , saying , "  I am very disappointed with the NCAA 's decision in this case . My lawyer and I are evaluating my options and will make a decision which way to proceed . " In addition , the coaches and compliance staff must attend the NCAA Regional Rules Seminar . The former operations director was penalized with a two-year show-cause order , which essentially prevents him from participating in college basketball during the time allotted . "  Let me be very clear , we will comply fully with the NCAA 's sanctions and work with great resolve to restore the luster to our men 's basketball program , " University of Connecticut President Philip Austin said Tuesday . Dr. Dean Thomas , chair of the Committee on Infractions , defended the decision against claims from reporters that the punishment might have been too weak . "  I can assure you with 100 % accuracy that the committee is not influenced by high-profile cases or high-profile coaches , " Thomas said on a conference call . "  The committee bases its deliberations on the information presented . "	Allegations include improper recruiting inducements , prohibited phone calls and texts Head coach Jim Calhoun on his three-game suspension : "  I am very disappointed " Penalties include recruitment restrictions , scholarship reductions , 3 years probation The NCAA is being criticized for being too soft on punishing the UConn coaching staff .
CNN  -- There is a new level of intensity in the courting of the Hispanic vote , and it culminated last week in two Univision Candidate Forums , one with Gov. Mitt Romney and one with President Barack Obama . But before I get to that , there 's the issue of the secretly recorded videotape of Romney 's remarks at a fundraiser earlier this year , where he was caught on camera saying it would have been helpful if he were Latino . This election cycle , we have seen political operatives perfect the art of feigned outrage . After the video was released , Democrats pounced on the remark , calling it offensive and insulting . The question regarding Romney possibly having Mexican heritage has come up before . Romney 's father was born in a colony of American Mormons in Mexico and soon after , the family moved back to the United States . In Romney 's last interview with Univision , in January , the network 's co-anchor , Jorge Ramos -- who is fiercely proud of his Mexican descent -- told Romney that under the Mexican Constitution , he could claim Mexican citizenship . Ramos asked Romney why he was n't embracing his Mexican roots when he could be the first Latino president . Romney answered then with a similar answer to the one on the video . He gave a brief description of the circumstances of his father 's birth , but then explained that neither he nor his dad was Mexican or had any claim to Hispanic heritage . He finished by quipping , "  I do n't think people would think I was being honest with them if I said I was Mexican-American . But I would appreciate it if you 'd get that word out . " I saw nothing wrong with Romney 's answer . Neither did Ramos . Romney is not funny . When he tries to be , it often comes across as awkward . But his remark was not offensive . What would be insulting is if he used his father 's Mexican birth to try to pass himself off as what he is not , solely for political purposes . Romney is not Latino . And he is right : Being Latino would probably help him improve his Latino support , which is around 26 % , according to the most recent Gallup poll . It might give him a better understanding of our culture and idiosyncrasies . It would help to be able to say some words in Spanish when campaigning in swing states like Florida , New Mexico and Nevada . Even then , Romney would not win the Latino vote , but it could at least marginally improve his numbers . Now , back to the Univision Forums : The Presidential Debate Commission did not choose minority moderators . So Univision organized its own forums with both candidates . They were n't debates , but pointed and relevant questions were asked . I was at both forums . At the forum with Romney , a rowdy and wildly supportive crowd clapped , whooped and hollered at practically every word he said . When the moderators asked questions the audience members did n't like , they booed . Romney got a lot of help from this audience . It gave him energy and unconditional support and reinforcement . The next day , the Obama crowd was starkly different . It was solemn and eerily quiet . That turned the conversation somber at times . Obama supporters accuse the Romney campaign of packing the room with supporters . That 's what campaigns are supposed to do . Both were given the same number of tickets . The Romney campaign out-organized and outsmarted Camp Obama . Obama gave Univision an hour ; Romney gave it only 35 minutes . This was an unfortunate decision . For most of the interview , Romney surpassed expectations and made a good showing . He got a real grilling over his immigration positions . This would have happened no matter how short the interview . Romney said things during the primary that have come back to haunt him . His tone has now changed . He 's gone from talking about self-deportation to saying there will be no massive rounding up and deportations of undocumented people . Now , instead of promising to veto the Dream Act , he invokes Sen. Marco Rubio 's plan . He is still not giving much detail on the thornier immigration questions . He talks about fixing legal immigration but does n't say how he is going to address the 11 million undocumented people already here . It 's a mystery to me what he plans to do with the young undocumented students currently covered by the Obama administration 's deferred action directive , which halts their deportation . His campaign tells me his answer could not be any clearer . I have a law degree and still can not decipher his words . Apparently , neither can the experienced journalists who keep asking him the same question over and over again hoping for a real answer . In a Telemundo interview , he was asked four separate times if he planned to revoke or keep the Obama directive , which will last for an initial period of two years . During the Univision Forum , co-anchor Maria Elena Salinas tried unsuccessfully three times to get him to give a "  yes " or "  no " to the same question . Nada . All we got was an unpresidential display of a candidate dancing , prancing and pirouetting around an issue . It was the low moment in an otherwise successful interview for Romney . Next it was Obama 's turn to get grilled about immigration . He was held accountable for promises he made four years ago . Perhaps the most poignant moment came when Obama was asked what he considered his biggest failure . With sad resignation , Obama said it was not having passed immigration reform . Salinas ended the point by telling Obama , "  So I think the answer is , yes , with many excuses , but you actually broke your promise . " Ouch ! This was a rare moment of humility . In a way , it felt cathartic that after years of making excuses , he finally took responsibility and admitted he failed . It revealed Obama 's vulnerability on the issue . I would not be surprised to see that exchange turned into a 30-second Spanish ad by the Romney campaign . Here is what mattered most : Both candidates recognized the Hispanic vote is crucial and deserves attention . It is to the advantage of Hispanics not to be taken for granted by one party and ignored by the other . Hispanics will realize their political power only if courted and engaged by both sides . This week we were . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ana Navarro .	Ana Navarro : There is a new level of intensity in candidates ' courting of Latino vote She says Romney 's joke about wishing he were Latino makes sense , was not insulting She says he was able to get enthusiastic crowd for Univision interview , made good showing Navarro : Romney would not give straight answer on immigration or deferred action directive
Los Angeles  CNN  -- "  Swatting " pranks have sent police rushing with guns drawn to a growing A-list of celebrity homes in recent weeks , but new tactics , technology and a proposed law could bring the dangerous hoaxes to an end . Russell Brand 's Hollywood Hills home was the latest target Monday afternoon . A 911 caller told a Los Angeles Police Department emergency dispatcher that a man with a gun was in the house . "  A number of officers from the Hollywood Division " were sent to Brand 's address , LAPD Detective Gus Villanueva said . To get to Brand 's home high above Sunset Boulevard , police cruisers sped up the narrow , winding street past the homes of Halle Berry , Herbie Hancock and many other celebrities . Officers must approach the scene with guns drawn , not knowing what is happening inside the house and expecting the worst . "  It 's a very high-risk response , " Los Angeles County sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said . "  The problem with crying wolf is that sometimes it 's not false , so we always have to respond accordingly but cautiously . " Among the LAPD , the Sheriff 's Department and other local agencies in the Los Angeles area , it has happened about a dozen times in recent months . The actors and musicians targeted would make an impressive red carpet : Rihanna , Justin Timberlake , Miley Cyrus , Chris Brown , the Kardashians and Tom Cruise . A 12-year-old boy was sentenced to two years in juvenile detention after he admitted last month that he made fake emergency calls that sent police to Ashton Kutcher and Justin Bieber 's homes last October . "  The comments of the call advised that there were individuals inside the location with guns and explosives , and that several people had been shot , " a police statement said . Boy admits ` swatting ' Kutcher , Bieber Dozens of emergency personnel rushed to Kutcher 's home on October 3 , 2012 , only to find workers inside and no emergency , police said . Kutcher , who was on the set of his TV sitcom "  Two and a Half Men , " also rushed to his home . Catching swatters who spoof a telephone number so that an emergency dispatcher thinks a call originated from a celebrity 's home will get easier as technology and tactics improve , Whitmore said . These prank calls earned the nickname "  swatting " because law enforcement agencies sometimes would send SWAT teams to respond to the false emergencies . Law enforcement agencies are "  making advances each day " in their ability to track the calls to their origin , he said . Along with new technology , investigators have analyzed the calls to learn how to identify them . "  We 're getting better at knowing what is and what is n't a hoax , " he said . When Rihanna 's Hollywood Hills home was swatted last week , the dispatcher suspected it was a hoax , so just one police patrol car was initially sent , LAPD Cmdr. Andrew Smith said . "  We figured it was a swatting , " Smith said "  We really low-keyed it compared to how we 've been . " LAPD officers are being trained on "  what to be aware of and the possibility these are swatting calls , " Smith said . "  We 're training dispatchers to be able to recognize certain distinct characteristic of these calls and maybe change the way we dispatch them so they do n't draw as high a profile response . " The rash of swatting incidents spurred the sheriff and other law enforcement chiefs to push for tougher penalties for those convicted , Whitmore said . California state Sen. Ted Lieu has introduced legislation to require a mandatory 120 days in jail for anyone convicted of swatting , Whitmore said . The swatter would also have to repay police for all costs , which would probably be several thousand dollars , he said . "  This is not a panacea , but a step in the right direction , " the sheriff 's spokesman said . Lieu , whose Los Angeles district covers some of the celebrity homes targeted , held a public hearing on his proposal at the California Capitol in Sacramento on Tuesday morning .	Celebrities targeted by fake 911 calls recently would fill a Hollywood red carpet A proposed law would increase penalties for making false emergency calls Police are getting new tools for tracing swatting calls , sheriff 's spokesman says "  We 're getting better at knowing what is and what is n't a hoax , " he says
CNN  Two state senators in California are proposing legislation that would eliminate the "  personal beliefs " exemption for parents who do n't want their children to be vaccinated . Dr. Richard Pan and Ben Allen 's announcement came on the day the state of California announced the number of measles cases had grown to 99 . Many of those cases are tied to an outbreak at Disneyland in mid-December . The comparatively large number of cases in California this year and in the United States the past year have sparked debate over whether unvaccinated children should be allowed in public school . Dr. Sanjay Gupta : Vaccines are a matter of fact California allows exemptions from vaccinations for medical reasons and "  personal beliefs , " and parents have been using them . "  As a pediatrician I have personally witnessed children suffering lifelong injury or death from vaccine-preventable infection , " said Pan , who also wrote the California law that requires people who want to file a personal exemption to consult a doctor . He said the proposed bill would focus on vaccinations required to attend school . "  We 're not reaching sufficient immunization rates and we want to reach the rates necessary to protect the public from those diseases , " he told reporters in Sacramento . CNN affiliate KTLA reported several members of the California State Assembly will be co-authors of the bill . Measles outbreak : Different states , different rules on vaccinations Measles starts with a fever , runny nose , cough , red eyes and sore throat . For most people , it does n't get much worse than that -- and yet one out of every 20 children with measles also contract pneumonia , and one or two out of every 1,000 children with the disease die from it , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . While once widespread in the United States , cases dropped significantly because of vaccines . In 2000 , health authorities declared that measles had been eliminated in the United States , which meant it was no longer native to the United States but continued to be brought in by international travelers . On Monday , a Southern California day care shut down because an infant there -- who is too young to be vaccinated -- contracted measles . The Samohi Infant Toddler Center inside Santa Monica High School , a facility for 24 children of students and staff members , closed Monday after it was learned that a baby under 12 months old being cared for there had measles . It 's not clear when , where or how the child got the disease . California day care closes due to measles in baby too young to be vaccinated	Dr. Richard Pan also wrote law that requires parents have health care professional sign form for exemption He says public needs more protection that bill would provide California has 99 confirmed cases of measles
CNN  -- The GOP-led House Select Committee on the Benghazi terror attack shows no sign of backing down despite a report from another congressional panel that , according to a top Democrat , found no intelligence failures around the deadly 2012 assault . "  There is more work to be done and more to be investigated , " a spokeswoman for House Select Committee Chairman Trey Gowdy told CNN on Wednesday . Shortly before beginning its August recess , the House Intelligence Committee , also led by Republicans , approved its report on the militant attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in eastern Libya that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . "  Our investigation found the intelligence community warned about an increased threat environment , but did not have specific tactical warning of an attack before it happened , " Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger , the senior Democrat on the intelligence panel , said in a statement after its vote . Ruppersberger said the finding is "  consistent with testimony that the attacks appeared to be opportunistic . " Other committee probes The Intelligence panel , along with several other House committees , has spent the past two years interviewing witnesses and examining evidence about the Obama administration 's response to the attacks and the related controversy that has been a flashpoint between Republicans and President Barack Obama over his conduct of foreign policy . In a key finding , the Intelligence Committee reached a conclusion on one of the most contentious issues -- the now-infamous talking points used by a senior administration official to describe publicly what had occurred . Using that information , then U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice explained in television interviews just days after the September 11 attack that it stemmed from spontaneous protests over an anti-Muslim film produced in the United States . There had been such demonstrations in other areas of the Mideast . U.S. intelligence officials soon determined , however , that groups with links to terrorists planned and carried out the armed assault on a diplomatic facility and a CIA annex . A flawed process The committee report , according to Ruppersberger , found that "  the process used to develop the talking points was flawed " and that they "  reflected the conflicting intelligence assessments in the days immediately following the crisis . " Like an earlier report by the House Armed Services Committee , the Intelligence Committee also found that there was no ` stand down ' order issued by the U.S. military command in Tripoli , which sought to support Americans under fire in Benghazi . CNN reached out to Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers for comment on the panel 's report but did not receive a response . Gowdy has said repeatedly that the House Select Committee will review what other congressional committees have found , but also seek testimony from those who have n't done so yet . Gowdy told his hometown newspaper , the Greenville News , "  witnesses who were previously unavailable or not interested in cooperating are now interested in cooperating . " He added that "  the universe of witnesses is expanding . " Gowdy also indicated that the Select Committee would hold its first public hearing in September to hear how the State Department is carrying out new efforts on diplomatic security . Broader mandate Gowdy spokeswoman Amanda Duvall told CNN the committee 's "  mandate is broader " than work done by other panels . "  The chairman has repeatedly noted the Select Committee wants every relevant document and all relevant witnesses to ensure every relevant fact is uncovered . This is a fact-centered investigation and the committee will go where the facts lead , " Duvall said . The plan now is to declassify the Intelligence Committee report and make it public . A time frame for that , however , is not yet clear . Where are the Benghazi suspects ? One of them appears in court Many questions in handling of Benghazi	House Select Committee on Benghazi is will press ahead with investigation Another committee found no intelligence failures around the deadly 2012 assault Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans were killed in the attack It was first blamed on a spontaneous demonstration ; later , intelligence said it was planned
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The family of one of the men who founded the Palestine Liberation Organization says they have always believed he was assassinated by Israel , and now they have proof . Israel 's censor is for the first time allowing a newspaper to publish a 12-year-old interview with the now-dead Israeli agent who claimed he killed Khalil al-Wazir , widely known as Abu Jihad . Abu Jihad helped found the Palestine Liberation Organization , or PLO , alongside the man who became the symbol of the Palestinian struggle , Yasser Arafat . Abu Jihad was killed by gunfire in Tunisia in 1988 , in a villa in Tunis . His wife witnessed the assassination . Murder inquiry launched in Arafat 's death The Israeli daily newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth obtained access to an interview done with operative Nahum Lev , who died in 2000 . For 12 years the Lev interview -- done by reporter Ronen Bergman -- was kept from the public . The newspaper initially released a few of Lev 's reported quotes , including one in which he said he shot Abu Jihad with no hesitation after reading the file that Israeli intelligence had on him . He said what he read connected the Palestinian leader to horrific acts against civilians . Two bodyguards and a gardener were also shot and killed in the raid in Tunis . The newspaper said Mossad , IsraelÂ ¹ s famed intelligence agency , oversaw the assassination and Israel 's commando unit carried it out . The account by the Israeli operative gives an extremely rare glimpse into the details of an assassination and who was involved . More details of the interview are expected to be released . A family member of Abu Jihad who did not want to be identified told CNN , "  We already knew all the terrible details of his death . Knowing the name of the person who carried it out has no added value . " Abu Jihad was instrumental in the first uprising against the Israeli occupation known as the first Intifada , which began in late 1987 . At the time of the assassination , the Israeli prime minister was Yitzhak Shamir . Ehud Barak who is now Israel 's defense minister , was Israel 's deputy chief of staff . The publication of the interview comes at an interesting time . This month French investigators are expected in Ramallah to look into the death of PLO leader Arafat . Arafat 's wife believes he was murdered -- questions were raised about how Arafat died after traces of polonium-210 , a highly radioactive element , were found on his personal belongings . Yasser Arafat died in a hospital in Paris , France in 2004 .	Abu Jihad was a co-founder of the Palestine Liberation Organization He was killed by gunfire in 1988 , at a Tunisian villa A now-dead Israeli agent claimed in an interview 12 years ago that he killed Abu Jihad Israel 's censor is for the first time allowing the interview to be published
CNN  -- We have no kings or queens , dukes or duchesses , counts or countesses in the United States to build great royal castles as evidence of their power , importance and prestige . Why ? The U.S. Constitution specifically bans the government from granting noble titles .  Seriously : It 's in Article 1 , Section 9 .  We do n't want any future English King George III coming back to haunt us . That 's why there 's no U.S. version of Leeds Castle , some 40 miles southeast of London , where six English queens have lived . There 's no U.S. replica of Fenton Tower in Scotland , a 16th-century castle that sheltered an on-the-run King James VI of Scotland  who later became King James I of England  . However , we do have the rich , who have long built great houses as symbols of their power , wealth and pride . And some hoteliers just like to build castles . Which is why you can still stay in places that will wine and dine you and make you feel like royalty . Here are eight of our favorites . Castle Marne Bed & Breakfast , Denver , Colorado Castle Marne in Denver 's Capitol Hill neighborhood was built as a private residence for real estate developer and investor Wilbur S. Raymond . The house was completed in 1889 , and Raymond lived in the house less than a year before losing it to creditors in 1891 . After a series of private owners , a stint as a processing center for state parolees and eventual abandonment , new owners restored the structure and opened the once-again elegant Marne as an inn on its centennial birthday . Now restored to its former glory with modern touches , it 's a favorite spot for weddings and late afternoon tea .  The tea is included in the room rate , and outside guests can join you for a small charge .  Room rates start at $ 140 per night based on double occupancy . Norumbega Inn , Camden , Maine Built in 1886 as a private residence , the Norumbega Inn overlooks Penobscot Bay in Camden . Known as the "  stone castle by the sea , " it was converted to a bed-and-breakfast in 1984 . It was re-infused with life  and a renovation  only last year by new owners , one of whom is a former Culinary Institute of America instructor .  Dinner , say Down Easters , is worth it . Enjoy the history of this Maine castle , and the rebuilt decks and Wi-Fi that the renovation brought . Low-season room rates start at $ 159 per night based on double occupancy  starting November 1  , and high season rates start at $ 239  starting May 22 , 2015  . Thornewood Castle , Lakewood , Washington While Thornewood Castle has stood guard over its tiny parcel of Washington state for the past century , its English roots date back more than 500 years . One of the founders of the Port of Tacoma , Chester Thorne bought a 400-year-old English Elizabethan manor in England for his bride , Anna . After it was dismantled , three ships took the manor pieces to northwest Washington , where it was reassembled under the direction of architect Kirtland Kelsey Cutter . A perfect addition is the sunken garden , which was designed over 100 years ago by Frederick Law Olmsted Jr. and John Charles Olmstead . Room rates start at $ 300 per night  weekdays  and $ 325 per night  weekends  based on double occupancy . Europe 's best affordable castle hotels Biltmore , Asheville , North Carolina Known to prefer the country over the city , George Vanderbilt still did n't care for Spartan living . That 's why he built the Biltmore . Completed in 1895 , the Biltmore was designed by architect Richard Morris Hunt and had 250 rooms , a banquet hall with a 70-foot ceiling , an indoor pool , a bowling alley , a 10,000-volume library , and works of art by Pierre Auguste Renoir and John Singer Sargent . While the 35 bedrooms in the main house are n't for rent , guests can stay at a historic cottage that once served as the gardener 's house or an inn built in 2001 . The starting rate is $ 249 per night at the inn based on double occupancy and $ 1,750 per night at the two-bedroom cottage . The Chanler at Cliff Walk , Newport , Rhode Island A summertime retreat for New York Rep. John Winthrop Chanler and his wife , Margaret Astor Ward , great granddaughter of the famed businessman Jacob Astor , the Chanler at Cliff Walk was built along Newport 's eastern shoreline . Finished in 1873 , the house hosted President Theodore Roosevelt , Henry Wadsworth Longfellow and other distinguished guests . The house fell into disrepair after serving as a school for girls , Naval officer housing and a museum . The current owners purchased the house in 2000 and spent three years renovating it as a luxury hotel . Room rates start at $ 305 per night based on double occupancy . Keswick Hall , Keswick , Virginia Built for Robert B. Crawford and his wife , the Villa Crawford estate was completed in 1912 . After his 1919 death , the estate served as a private residence for 35 years . When the Keswick Country Club took over the estate , which originally consisted of an 8,000-square-foot , two-story , stucco-clad Italianate villa , renovations included a pool and tennis courts . English businessman Sir Bernard Ashley -- widower of designer Laura Ashley -- bought the decaying manor in 1990 to convert Keswick into a hotel . Ashley , whose sense of style and business acumen helped turn his wife 's work into an international brand , spent $ 25 million to turn it into a "  country house hotel " respecting the original structure and design and upgrading the facilities for modern times . Ashley died in 2009 , and the hotel is now owned by Historic Hotels of Albemarle . Room rates start at $ 359 per night based on double occupancy . Castle Hotel & Spa , Tarrytown , New York Less than an hour 's drive north of New York City -- depending on traffic , of course -- Castle Hotel & Spa once served as the Westchester home of Gen. Howard Carroll , a noted businessman and one-time Washington correspondent of The New York Times . Architect Henry Kilburn designed the 45-room "  Carrollcliffe " in the style of Norman fortifications in the United Kingdom . The success of Carroll 's parties inspired him and his wife to expand the original structure to include a new dining room and ballroom . The castle became the headquarters of an investment consulting firm under the next owners . The roof and tower were even used during World War II as an observation post by the town 's civil defense to monitor local air traffic . Now you can monitor its lush grounds . Do n't forget to book a meal at the hotel restaurant , Equus , which is noted for its use of seasonal , local produce . A 2013 renovation added a THANN Sanctuary Spa . Room rates start at $ 319  weekdays  and $ 455  weekends  based on double occupancy and include breakfast for two , Wi-Fi , minibar and valet parking . Castle Hill Resort and Spa , Ludlow , Vermont The home of Allen Miller Fletcher , businessman and governor of Vermont from 1912 to 1915 , Castle Hill was the first home in the state to be fully wired for electricity and to boast its own elevator . The English Cotswold-style castle still has original details , including an exterior made of gneiss stone , wallpaper in the staircase that dates back to 1905 , and many lighting fixtures and woodwork . Current room rates start at $ 199 per night on weekdays and $ 299 on weekends , based on double occupancy .	These U.S. castles are fit for a king or queen A once-private residence in Maine features elegant culinary dining A New York castle features fine dining and an elegant spa
CNN  -- Three dozen earthquakes over the past week in central Arkansas shook shelves , rattled nerves and prompted speculation about their cause . "  Are they being being triggered or are they natural ? That 's something we do n't know , " Arkansas Geological Survey scientist Scott Ausbrook said Sunday . The chances of so many temblors in the region in such a short time are "  Powerball kind of odds , " Ausbrook said . "  What was unusual was to have four different areas in the state to be active in the same week . " More than two dozen quakes recorded since Wednesday have been centered north of Morrilton , Arkansas . The strongest , on Wednesday and Thursday nights , had reported magnitudes of 3.5 and 3.4 . "  Right now all we 've gotten reports of is shaking stuff and rattling shelves , but people are definitely noticing them , " Ausbrook said . Measuring the magnitude of eathquakes Solving the mystery is important because of suspicion the quakes could be related to natural gas exploration nearby using hydraulic fracturing , known as fracking , he said . "  The best probability at this point is they are natural , but we ca n't rule out the possibility that there may be a relationship , " Ausbrook said . A swarm of hundreds of earthquakes centered near Guy , Arkansas , ended two years ago after state regulators imposed a moratorium on new injection wells in the area . Two operating injection wells , just outside of the moratorium area , are about 8 miles from some of the quakes . "  I ca n't say at this time there 's not a connection , but given the distance from those wells , it would be pretty amazing , " Ausbrook said . One natural explanation would be a fault running through the area that makes a sharp turn , where "  you would expect more strain to accumulate , " Ausbrook said . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Chances of so many in such a short time are "  Powerball kind of odds , " scientist says More than two dozen since Wednesday were centered near Morrilton , Arkansas One suspect is natural gas exploration using hydraulic fracturing , known as fracking "  We ca n't rule out the possibility that there may be a relationship , " official says
CNN  -- U.S. defender Jay DeMerit became the first Major League Soccer signing of the Vancouver Whitecaps on Thursday , with the Canadian club set to join the lucrative North American football franchise at the start of the 2011 season . The Whitecaps were unveiled as part of the MLS in March 2009 , one of three clubs from across Canada who bid for a place in the league as part of its ongoing expansion program . New signing DeMerit has spent the last six years at English Championship side Watford , but his contract at the London-based club -- who played in the Premier League in the 2006/07 season -- expired in June . The 30-year-old -- who has played 23 times for his country , including at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa where the U.S. reached the last 16 of the competition -- told the official MLS website that he was excited about playing for a new team . "  Vancouver ticked pretty much every box that I could think of as to what I wanted . An aspiring club trying to be a part of something new and something special , " Wisconsin-born DeMerit told the official MLS website "  There 's something inspiring about being a part of something new and having ambition to make it even bigger . I feel I 'm in the right place and I 'm looking forward to getting started . " Awarded top allocation ranking , the Vancouver-based team had priority in signing any U.S. international returning to the country to play in MLS and club president Bob Lenarduzzi was quick to express his delight at having snapped up DeMerit on the Whitecaps official website "  Jay is the type of player we are looking to build our team with , " he said . "  He has excelled both at the club and international levels , and we are thrilled that Jay has joined Whitecaps FC as our first Major League Soccer player signing . " The Whitecaps will start their inaugural MLS season playing at Vancouver 's Empire stadium , before moving into the new BC Place stadium on the outskirts of the western Canadian city .	Jay DeMerit has signed for new MLS franchise the Vancouver Whitecaps U.S. international is first Major League Soccer signing for Canada-based team Whitecaps will make their debut in the MLS at the start of the 2011 season DeMerit has played for English Championship side Watford for the last six years
San Diego , California  CNN  -- It 's time to deal with another scandal involving the Secret Service -- one that leads directly into the White House . There have been several black eyes in recent years for what was once considered one of the nation 's most celebrated law enforcement agencies . The organization responsible for protecting the safety of the President and the rest of the first family has done a poor job of protecting its own reputation . Besides having to shore up lapses in White House security and recovering from the resignation of its former director , Julia Pierson , the Secret Service now has to contend with more fallout from a story that seemed to be over and done with . When it comes to protecting itself , the Secret Service could take lessons from the White House . There , a cadre of aides , lawyers and spokespeople have become awfully skilled at covering up mistakes , missteps and misbehavior . And yet , the truth has a nasty habit of surfacing eventually . Such as whether a 2 1/2 - year-old scandal that Americans were assured was limited to Secret Service personnel might also have included someone affiliated with the White House . It was on April 14 , 2012 -- during the last presidential election -- that the news broke that Secret Service agents had brought prostitutes back to their hotel rooms in Cartagena , Colombia . The agents were in South America to prepare for a visit by President Obama , who was attending a summit on economic development in Latin America . If the idea was to encourage infusion of U.S. dollars into the local economy , we can assume that federal agents paying young women for sex was not what organizers had in mind . You would think that one of the top law enforcement agencies in the world would be better at policing the behavior of its own personnel . In the end , nearly two dozen Secret Service agents and members of the military were punished or fired . But Obama administration officials -- including White House Press Secretary Jay Carney -- tried to contain the damage by insisting that no one from the White House was involved . Last week , in an astonishingly detailed front page story in the Washington Post , we learned that may not have been true . According to the Post , government documents and interviews reveal that senior White House aides -- including Kathryn Ruemmler , who was then serving as White House counsel -- were given information by the Secret Service at the time suggesting that the scandal extended to a member of the advance team who was in Cartagena at the behest of the White House . Jonathan Dach , then a 25-year-old law student at Yale University , was a volunteer with the White House travel office who helped coordinate drivers on the trip . He was paid a per diem , not a salary , and reimbursed for expenses . Still , according to the story , travel volunteers are often reminded that their conduct reflects on the President and first lady . The allegation was that Dach 's conduct in Colombia left something to be desired . Despite the young man 's insistence , through his attorney , that he did n't engage the services of a prostitute or invite anyone to his hotel room , the information that the Secret Service shared with the White House at the time suggested that Dach had registered a prostitute as an overnight guest . That 's a serious allegation that should have been thoroughly investigated . But was it ? The Secret Service shared its findings twice in the weeks after the scandal with top White House officials , including Ruemmler . Each time , the White House counsel and other White House aides conducted an interview with Dach and concluded that he had done nothing wrong . Those who support the Secret Service agents insist the White House should have dug deeper . In the end , nothing happened to Dach , whose father , it turns out , is a prominent and generous donor to the Democratic Party . At least try to look surprised . If the different outcomes seem unfair , you 're not alone . Many in the Secret Service feel the same way , which probably explains how the story got out . There are reports of widespread dissension within the ranks of the agency over the Cartagena scandal . It gets worse . Let 's not forget the politics . Remember , this was all happening during a presidential election year . David Nieland , the lead investigator for the Department of Homeland Security who was tasked to look into all this , told Senate staffers that he was told to delay the final report of the investigation "  until after the 2012 election . " Nieland also said that , during the investigation itself , his superiors told him "  to withhold and alter certain information in the report of the investigation because it was potentially embarrassing to the administration . " White House spokesman Eric Schultz insisted , "  Of course there was no White House interference with an IG  inspector general  investigation . " The picture seems to be coming into focus . What happened in Colombia showed bad judgment by Secret Service agents . If the allegations against Dach are true -- and we ca n't be sure -- then his judgment was just as poor . And yet , despite the hijinks in Cartagena , it seems what happened next in Washington , on the part of White House officials , was the real dereliction of duty . Once again , the cover-up may have been worse than the crime . An unnamed administration official disputed that there was a cover-up , telling CNN the White House did thoroughly review the matter and found that Dach did n't engage in inappropriate conduct . Meanwhile , the Post said Ruemmler -- who now practices law in the private sector -- refused to talk about the case . It 's no wonder why . She is being considered to replace Eric Holder as attorney general , and she probably did n't want to foul up her chances . That sort of thing could happen just by having your name linked to a scandal this unseemly . Too late . Ruemmler has already done that given the ham-handed way she dealt with the allegations against Dach . Her name should be taken off the short list to replace Holder . It 's one thing to end your tenure as attorney general under a cloud , as sometimes happens . And it 's another to begin it that way . Finally , 2 1/2 years after his fateful trip to Cartagena , Jonathan Dach is still part of the administration . He works as a policy adviser at the State Department in you ca n't make this up , folks -- the Office on Global Women 's Issues . Even if you believe Dach did nothing wrong , the optics are bad . Now that 's what I call a scandal .	Ruben Navarrette : It 's time to deal with another scandal involving the Secret Service Navarrette : New details emerge about agents , personnel getting prostitutes in 2012 He says the White House appears to have known about it and turned a blind eye Navarrette : White House officials need to come clean about what they knew
CNN  -- Nearly three-quarters of Americans say that the government wastes their tax dollars , according to a new national poll . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Thursday also indicates that roughly half the public believes the tax system is unfair , and as a result , four in 10 say they 're angry about the amount of taxes that they pay . Seventy-four percent of people questioned say that a lot of their tax dollars are wasted by the government ; 23 percent say that some of their tax dollars are misspent and three percent say that not much of their tax dollars are wasted . Americans are split on their overall opinion of the country 's tax system : 49 percent say it 's fair and 50 percent say it 's unfair , according to the poll . "  Six in 10 Democrats say that the tax system is fair , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Republicans are split down the middle , with 49 percent calling it fair and 51 percent thinking it is unfair . " Four in 10 questioned say that they are angry about the amount of taxes they pay ; 36 percent say they 're satisfied and just under one in four say they do n't have particular feelings on the issue . Nearly half of Republicans questioned say they 're angry , but that figure drops to 44 percent among Independents and 29 percent among Democrats . The poll indicates growing public frustration with taxes over the past couple of decades . "  This is a significantly higher level of anger than existed during the 1980s , " Holland added . "  In 1985 , only 27 percent were angry about the amount of taxes they had to pay , possibly a reflection of the tax cuts that Ronald Reagan instituted in his first year in office . " However , it appears that Americans are n't taking their anger out on the Internal Revenue Service . "  Only a quarter of all Americans think that the Internal Revenue Service should be abolished , " Holland said . Six in 10 say that the tax cuts passed in 2001 under George W. Bush that are set to expire this year should be made permanent , according to the survey . The poll was conducted April 9-11 , with 1,008 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Americans split on overall opinion of the country 's tax system , poll says Four in 10 questioned say they 're angry about amount of taxes they pay Quarter of all Americans think Internal Revenue Service should be abolished , poll finds
CNN Student News  -- January 31 , 2014 This Friday , CNN Student News is all about journeys : the nationwide one that millions of Chinese are taking for the Lunar New Year , the harrowing one that led thousands of Atlantans to abandon their cars , and the first one that a baby polar bear took in the snow . We 'll also discuss a new legal development in the case of an accused terrorist , and we 'll examine Super Bowl security . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : If you were reporting on a cultural tradition , what elements and perspectives would you include , and why ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What major U.S. city suffered historic transportation gridlock on its roads resulting from a snow and ice storm ? 2 . What country experienced a revolution on January 25 , 2011 that was marked with protests and celebrations this week in Tahrir Square ? 3 . What term refers to markets of smaller countries that are starting to grow ? 4 . What word , from an Old French term meaning "  undertake , " is a term for someone who organizes and manages a business ? 5 . What is the title of the annual speech given by the U.S. president before Congress ? 6 . What animal is associated with the Chinese New Year that begins today ? 7 . What organization oversees most college sports in the U.S. ? 8 . What war-torn country 's largest city is Aleppo ? 9 . The Rangers are a special operations unit associated with what branch of the U.S. military ? 10 . What number is represented by the Roman numerals XLVIII ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Washington  CNN  -- The 2014 elections will continue what has become a staple in American politics : the survival of powerful political families . Bush . Carter . Nunn . Udall . Cheney . These are familiar names from a previous generation -- but also for a new one . When Liz Cheney announced her intention to become the next senator from Wyoming this year , she likely evoked voters ' memories of her father , Dick Cheney , the former vice president . The same is true for two politicians in Georgia . Both the daughter of former Sen. Sam Nunn and a grandson of former President Jimmy Carter will be on the 2014 ballot in the Peach State . Michelle Nunn is running for U.S. Senate , while state Sen. Jason Carter has launched a bid for governor -- jobs her father and his grandfather , respectively , once held . "  For their constituents and the American public , those names are a proven quantity , and as time goes on , you see that Americans look back at the history of our political system , and things seem better in hindsight , " said Dan Mahaffee of the Center for the Study of the Presidency and Congress . "  It harkens back to a more collegial political era . " Candidates and family heritage All over the country , candidates with such familiar names are either running for re-election or jumping into races and using their families ' vast networks to anchor nascent campaigns . Take a look at the heritage of some of these candidates on the ballot in 2014 : • Rep. Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia is running for her state 's open U.S. Senate seat . Her father , Arch A. Moore Jr. , was governor of West Virginia for 12 years . • Sen. Mary Landrieu is running for re-election in Louisiana . Her father , "  Moon " Landrieu , was once mayor of New Orleans and a brother , Mitch Landrieu , is now the city 's mayor . • George P. Bush is running for Texas land commissioner . A member of one of America 's great political dynasties , he 's the grandson of former President George H.W. Bush and nephew of former President George W. Bush . • Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen of New Jersey is running for re-election . A member of one of the most dominant political families in the United States , Frelinghuysen can trace his roots back to four U.S. senators and Frederick Frelinghuysen , one of New Jersey 's delegates to the Continental Congress . • Sen. Mark Pryor , who is running for re-election in Arkansas , is the son of former Sen. David Pryor . • Sen. Mark Udall of Colorado , the son of a former congressman , is running for re-election . And so is a cousin , Tom Udall of New Mexico , also a U.S. senator . A ` ready-made Rolodex ' "  You grow up around a business , you learn the ropes early , " CNN contributor Paul Begala said . "  It is the same reason restaurants or hardware stores -- or junkyards -- have names like ` Sanford and Son . ' " Begala cites many benefits to running as the next in line in a political family , but two stand out : a thick skin and fund-raising . "  A politician 's kid grows up hearing all kinds of awful things about Mom or Dad , and they learn that 's not the end of the world , " he said . "  Toughness matters in politics . " Begala said that relying on relatives ' fund-raising networks also is unbelievably helpful for these candidates . Being a Cheney in Wyoming , a Bush in Texas or a Landrieu in Louisiana will open many doors -- and wallets . It is "  hard to estimate how much good President Bush 41 's network did for Bush 43 , " Begala said . Mahaffee added , "  You are almost born with a ready-made Rolodex . " American dynasties from the early years on The number of political families on the ballot in 2014 is nothing new . Since the outset of the United States , political families have dominated certain states , and many have risen to national prominence . The Adamses , with the nation 's second president , John Adams , and sixth president , John Quincy Adams , were among the first political families . But certainly not the last . The Republican Tafts have long dominated Ohio politics , boasting three U.S. senators , a president , a governor and countless local positions . The Democratic Kennedy family has dominated politics in New England -- with a president , three presidential candidates , three senators , multiple congressmen and dozens of local elected positions . A 2012 study of the Kennedys ' political dominance by the University of Minnesota found the family has logged more than 92 years in congressional service , a number that does n't even count Joseph P. Kennedy III 's recent term as a representative from Massachusetts . Then there are the obvious political families : the Bushes and Clintons . Between 1980 and 2008 , a member of one of these families was either president or vice president . Bush and Clinton "  fatigue " has even become a common term as speculation grows about former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton both eyeing a run at the presidency in 2016 . So why do Americans , the same people who revolted against a monarchy in 1776 , keep electing members of the same families ? Some political watchers said the continuity these families bring can be comforting to voters , but the public also can sour on candidates who see themselves as anointed successors to their families ' political power . Mahaffee , however , said the idea that voters are sick of political families is dispelled by the fact that so many of them exist . Do voters occasionally get sick of one family ? Yes , he said . But on the whole , such a history is a good thing for candidates , he said . "  It is helpful that you continue to have generations that bring political experience with them , " Mahaffee said . "  They have more of a knowledge  of  what it takes to be a political leader . "	A new generation from well-known political families will show up on the 2014 ballot From Bush to Carter to Cheney to Nunn , children and grandchildren are seeking office "  You grow up around a business , you learn the ropes early , " CNN contributor says Accessibility to fund-raising networks and tough skin among benefits to such candidates
Jeb Bush is stepping down from the board of directors at Rayonier Inc. , according to a Monday filing from the forestry company . It 's further evidence he is seriously mulling a presidential bid as he continues to cut his corporate ties . The two-sentence filing to the Securities and Exchange Commission states the former Florida governor notified Rayonier on Dec. 23 that he plans to resign from the board effective Dec. 31 , adding that there were no disagreements between him and the company . The filing comes just days after Bush told the board at Tenet Healthcare Corporation that he would step down , also effective Dec. 31 . And he decided last week to leave the board of British bank Barclays at the end of the year . Questions arose earlier this month -- before Bush announced he was "  actively exploring " a bid -- about whether he was seriously interested in wanting to run for president after a Bloomberg report detailed his recent business activity . Private equity experts considered his ties unusual for a prospective candidate . But his spokesman said Bush 's business interests would not stand in the way of a possible campaign . RELATED : CNN/ORC Poll has Bush surging to 2016 GOP lead "  If he becomes a candidate , he 'll review all of his business engagements and comply with all necessary financial disclosures , " Kristy Campbell said at the time . "  That is an approach consistent with what he did in all three of his campaigns for governor . " His resignations from corporate boards further indicate that Bush is trying to tamp down doubt about a potential bid .	Jeb Bush is stepping down from forestry company Rayonier It 's the third company he has recently cut ties with Bush says he is "  actively exploring " a presidential bid
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for Saturday 's blast in that Asian nation 's tribal region , an explosion at a food distribution point that killed at least 43 people and injured 90 others . Azam Tariq , the central spokesperson for Pakistani Taliban , told CNN in a phone call that it targeted people who had formed what he called a pro-government and anti-Taliban group . The blast took place about 600 meters from a U.N. World Food Programme distribution point at a security check post in Khar , according to Amjad Jamal , a spokesman for the agency . He said that more than 300 people were going through a security screening to get food and other items at the time of the explosion . Khar is the headquarters of Bajaur Agency , one of the seven districts of Pakistan 's tribal region bordering Afghanistan . Jamal said that those who had been internally displaced during military efforts in Bajaur Agency get a month 's supply of food and other goods . Dr. Muhammad Hanif , a senior medical officer of Bajaur Agency 's headquarters hospital in Khar , told CNN that 43 dead bodies and 90 injured people had been brought to the hospital . Jamal said all staff members of the World Food Programme and its partner organizations are safe , but added that all four of the program 's food distribution points in Bajaur Agency have been temporarily closed for security reasons . Still , the U.N. agency will continue to provide services elsewhere in the country , Jamal said . Responding the question that whether the suicide bomber was a woman , the Pakistani Taliban 's Azam Tariq said , "  We have thousands of male suicide bombers ready who are keenly waiting for their turns . Then why would we use a woman , which is against the traditions of Islam ? " U.S. President Barack Obama issued a statement condemning Saturday 's "  outrageous terrorist attack , " which he called "  an affront to the people of Pakistan and to all humanity . " "  The United States stands with the people of Pakistan in this difficult time , and will strongly support Pakistan 's efforts to ensure greater peace , security and justice for its people , " Obama said . The blast took place a day after about 150 militants fired at five security checkpoints in Mohmand Agency -- another of the seven districts in Pakistan 's volatile tribal region along the Afghan border -- killing 11 soldiers . Security forces later killed 40 militants who were among the group , authorities said Saturday . The security forces pounded militant hideouts in Mohmand Agency with helicopter gunships , said Maqsood Amin , a senior government official in the area . Twenty-four militants were killed during retaliation Friday while 16 were targeted Saturday . CNN 's Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama says the "  outrageous terrorist attack " is "  an affront ... to all humanity " The Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility for the blast , which killed at least 43 people A U.N. spokesman says over 300 people were going through security to get food
CNN  -- FBI agents on Friday night searched the Maryland home of the suspect in the recent disappearance of an American woman in Aruba , an agent said . The search is occurring in the Gaithersburg residence of Gary Giordano , who is currently being held in an Aruban jail , FBI Special Agent Rich Wolf told CNN . Agents , wearing vests that said FBI and carrying empty cardboard and plastic boxes , arrived about 8:40 p.m. Friday . About 15 unmarked cars could be seen on the street , as well as a Montgomery County police vehicle . Supervisory Special Agent Philip Celestini , who was at the residence , declined to comment further on the search , citing the active investigation . Aruban Solicitor General Taco Stein said earlier Friday that the suspect will appear in court Monday , where an investigating magistrate could order him held for at least eight more days , order him to remain on the island or release him outright due to a lack of evidence . Giordano was arrested by Aruban police on August 5 , three days after Robyn Gardner was last seen near Baby Beach on the western tip of the Caribbean island . Giordano told authorities that he had been snorkeling with Gardner when he signaled to her to swim back , according to a statement . When he reached the beach , Gardner was nowhere to be found , Giordano allegedly said . The area that Giordano led authorities to is a rocky , unsightly location that locals say is not a popular snorkeling spot . Although prosecutors have continued to identify the 50-year-old American man by his initials , GVG , they also released a photo of a man who appears to be Giordano . His attorney , Michael Lopez , also has said that his client is being held as a suspect in Gardner 's death . Lopez has not returned telephone calls seeking comment . Giordano is no longer cooperating with authorities in the investigation , Stein has said . Authorities are concerned for Gardner 's welfare because she has not stepped forward despite all the publicity surrounding the case , Stein said . But they have no evidence that she is dead , he said . Although officials have stopped actively searching for Gardner , they are continuing to seek evidence in the case , Stein said . Police are gathering and reviewing closed-circuit video feeds from hotels and other locations where the two were known to have been , but those materials are still being compiled and analyzed , he said . Investigators also examined Giordano 's rental car but were unable to find any clues to Gardner 's disappearance , Stein said . That could be because the rental-car company washed and vacuumed the vehicle before police had a chance to examine it , Stein said . The FBI is assisting in the investigation , an agency spokesman confirmed Thursday . Among other things , agents will conduct interviews in Maryland , where Gardner lives , said Richard Wolf , a spokesman for the FBI 's Baltimore office . According to Aruban prosecutors , the missing woman and the suspect arrived July 31 from the United States . Gardner 's friend Christina Jones told HLN 's Nancy Grace that the woman had known Giordano for more than a year and flew to Aruba with him . Jones said she had some concerns about the trip , but Gardner "  calmed me and said it was OK , that the trip to Aruba was what she needed . " Lopez , Giordano 's attorney , said Tuesday that his client came to Aruba on vacation with a female friend he had met on a dating site and has known for years . Lopez earlier said that his client had been cooperating with police . Lopez said that on his client 's last scheduled day in Aruba , he asked authorities whether he needed to stay . "  They did n't answer it , and on his way to the airport , they detained him as a suspect for murder , " Lopez said . The Aruban prosecutors office has declined to say what evidence led authorities to suspect Giordano 's involvement in Gardner 's disappearance . Richard Forester of Maryland said he and Gardner have been dating for the past seven or eight months . He told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Wednesday evening that Gardner was n't the type to go into deep water , and she would more likely stay by the pool . "  It 's just not her to go out and snorkel , " Forester said . Forester said Tuesday that before Gardner 's trip , the two argued over "  the circumstances of her travel " to Aruba . He last heard from her August 2 in a Facebook message , in which she said they would "  work it out " when she got back . Earlier that day , Forester said , Gardner posted on her Facebook wall "  this sucks , " with no further explanation . She was scheduled to return to the United States on August 4 , Forester said . In an interview with HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell on Thursday -- the same day he was interviewed by authorities -- Forester described Gardner as a woman who "  loved life . " "  She loved to be happy , loved to have fun , loved to be active , " he said . "  She had a very loving , warm heart . " The Natalee Holloway Resource Center -- named after a young American woman whose disappearance in Aruba made international news -- said Forester brought their attention to the case Monday . The Aruban public prosecutor 's office , as well as Forester , urged people in the Caribbean , the United States and elsewhere to come forward with information about Giordano , Gardner and the case . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Kim Uhl and Martin Savidge contributed to this report .	NEW : FBI agents search the Maryland home of Gary Giordano , an FBI official says NEW : They entered the house in FBI-branded vests and carrying empty boxes Aruba 's solicitor general says there 's no sign of missing woman , no evidence she is dead Gary Giordano is being held in connection with Robyn Gardner 's disappearance
CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's personal chef Kai Chase says June 25 was shaping up as another typical day in the superstar 's usually peaceful and orderly home until an urgent plea from Jackson 's personal doctor sent panic sweeping through the household . Michael Jackson 's personal chef Kai Chase appeared on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Thursday night . In an interview with CNN 's Larry King that aired Thursday night , Chase described the chaotic events that fateful day and what life was like inside the Jackson family before the singer 's shocking death . Chase said she was downstairs preparing lunch for Jackson -- being sure to wrap it in Saran wrap because the singer liked his meals served room-service style -- when Dr. Conrad Murray called out for her . Murray is the central focus of a federal investigation into the singer 's death , a law enforcement official told CNN on Wednesday . Around noon or a little after , Chase said , "  Dr. Murray comes down the stairs . There was a stairwell that leads into the kitchen . And he 's screaming : Hurry ! Go get Prince . Call security . Get Prince . " Chase said she quickly got Jackson 's oldest son . "  Within minutes , the paramedics are there . And the security is running upstairs , skipping stairs and all of a sudden we 're all , you know , panicked , " Chase told King . "  So the energy in the house had just kind of changed from that happy kind of day that we were having and preparing lunch and having a good time to just kind of eerie . " Watch Chase 's interview with Larry King " Chase said Jackson 's daughter , Paris , started crying and calling out for her father as people in the home came to realize how serious the medical situation was . "  We started crying and we all come together in unity in a circle and we started holding hands . And we started praying , " Chase said . The chef said she was not allowed into the upstairs quarters of the home , but she had seen Michael Jackson downstairs on Wednesday , June 24 . Nothing she saw the day before cause her alarm . "  He ate lunch with his children at the dinner table . And then I packed ... his dinner for him to go to his rehearsal . He seemed like he was just , you know , tired , " Chase said . She attributed the way he felt to his long rehearsals . Chase said Jackson did complain once about his demanding schedule . "  The third day I was there , when I came back , he had told me , ` You know , they 're killing me . They 're killing me because I 'm working too much . I 'm rehearsing too much . ' " Between 1 and 1:30 p.m. June 25 , Chase said security asked her to leave the home , and she never saw Michael Jackson being transported to the hospital . She did n't learn of Jackson 's death until later that day on the radio . Chase said that Murray was in the house often in June and she attributed the doctor 's frequent presence to Jackson 's rigorous rehearsal schedule for an upcoming series of concerts in London , England . Search warrants filed Thursday in court in Clark County , Nevada , and carried out at Murray 's offices imply that investigators looking into his death believe the singer was a drug addict . In his interview with Chase , King pressed for details of evidence of drug use by Jackson : King : Did you notice oxygen tanks , because if it was Diprivan and they have to measure ... your blood pressure ? They also need oxygen tanks if you 're giving that drug . Did you notice them ? Chase : I saw the oxygen tanks , yes . King : Where were they ? Chase : I would see Dr. Murray carrying the oxygen tanks down in the mornings . King : On that morning or other mornings ? Chase : No . I did n't see him that morning . I saw him in the afternoon , but other mornings . King : He would carry them down ? Chase : Carry them down . King : They were portable oxygen tanks ? Chase : Yes . Chase said she just recently learned the warrants to search Murray 's offices cited her name as a suspected alias for Michael Jackson . "  I was just made aware of that from my publicist . I think that is ... appalling . I have no clue what that is about , " Chase said . She said detectives came to her home right after the death but did not ask her about her name being on any prescriptions . "  I do n't know what make of it , " Chase told King . Chase , who said she 's been a professional chef for about 14 years , said she 's seen the Jackson children since June 25 . "  They 're doing great . And I saw them a couple of weeks ago , " she said . "  And they look great and they 're playing with their cousins and having a good time . " Chase said she was first employed by Jackson in March but was let go . She said Jackson asked her to come back to their California residence in June and that the children were happy about her return . She said the children gave her a "  box of happiness " on return that contained little gifts and letters . One of them read in part : "  Dear Kai , thank you for the gifts and the gumbo . I hope you enjoy the gift . I think you 'll like it . Love , Prince Jackson . " Chase said she said no evidence that Michael Jackson was a poor eater . In fact , she said just the opposite was true from her observations . "  He ate very well , " she said . "  He ate organic and fresh . He -LSB- was -RSB- into the health foods and juices and things of that nature . " Chase briefly addressed other subjects : • On Katherine Jackson , Michael 's mother : "  I saw the interaction with them when I went to the home . ... They love their grandma , you know . It 's a beautiful bond that they have together . " • On Jackson 's ex-wife having visitation rights to her children : "  I think Debbie Rowe should see and raise her children . " • On Jackson 's planned London shows : "  We started talking about bringing , you know , video games and stuff to the private jet . And it was just , you know , he was very excited about going on this -- doing this tour . This is his comeback . " Life in the Jackson household -- from Chase 's account -- was a loving and cheerful one and that he loved his three children . "  You know , I would bring ... the lunches and set them on the table and they 'd all come in and sit , close the door and they 'd dine privately . And you would just hear laughter and story-telling and just beautiful things . Those were his babies . "	Kai Chase served as Michael Jackson 's personal chef , said he ate well She says she and Jackson children held hands , cried , prayed during health crisis Chase says she saw Dr. Conrad Murray bring oxygen tanks into Jackson household Life in the Jackson household was orderly and loving , the chef observes
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria 's House and Senate approved a resolution Tuesday to install the country 's vice president as head of state until ailing President Umaru Musa Yar ` Adua recovers enough to resume his duties . But the Executive Council , made up of government ministers , must still approve the resolution before Vice President Goodluck Jonathan can become acting president . The Executive Council is likely to discuss the matter at a regularly scheduled meeting Wednesday . The absence of Yar ` Adua , who left Nigeria for medical treatment in Saudi Arabia in November , has created a power vacuum in Africa 's most populous country , observers have said . It also sparked demonstrations in the nation 's capital , Abuja , where protesters demanded a constitutional order on his absence and evidence about his true state of health . But Nigeria 's Attorney General Michael Aondoakaa insisted Tuesday there has been no power vacuum . "  The main issue is that there must be ways of resolving our progress constitutionally , " Aondoakaa told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  The system is working because nobody has taken up arms . " He added , "  What is important now is to move the country forward ... for the three arms of government to come and support the vice president to carry out his duties . " Aondoakaa 's stance was criticized by a Nobel Prize winner for literature , Wole Soyinka of Nigeria , who accused the attorney general of talking "  from all four compass points of his mouth . ... He 's told so many untruths . " Soyinka accused the ruling People 's Democratic Party of taking advantage of the president 's absence . "  The issue is that certain elements within the ruling party love this hiatus , they love the headlessness of government because they can proceed to loot and create their own little empires while the president is away , " he said . Soyinka predicted that the PDP will not give up its current position easily . "  They 're going to find other forms of delaying tactics , and I 'm talking about certain criminal elements within the ruling party , " he said . "  They are the ones really responsible for this . " Soyinka added that Nigerians may soon need to embark on a campaign of civil disobedience to stop the PDP , which he described as "  an illegitimate , unelected , corrupt and murderous party . " A failure to implement measures such as electoral reform -- designed to put the country back on a democratic path -- could foment such a campaign , he said . "  There 's got to be a review , " he said . "  Failing all this , the citizenry will embark on a civil disobedience campaign . I see no other course for the nation . " Soyinka said such a campaign would begin on a small scale and escalate until "  so-called legislators " are made to live up to their responsibilities . "  It 'll mean a de-recognition of the government to start with , flouting the law wherever possible , " he said . "  We 've demonstrated that the rallies need not be violent as long as civil rights are not trampled on . " The president is being treated for inflammation of tissue around the heart , a condition that was diagnosed in November after he complained of chest pain in Abuja . He was taken to King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , where he had undergone his last checkup in August , his doctor said . Yar ` Adua said at the time he did not intend to resign while in Saudi Arabia , but no further news came from the president for almost two months until January 13 , when he gave the BBC an interview from his hospital bed . In a frail voice , Yar ` Adua sought to assure his countrymen that he was getting better and intended to return soon to power . Nigeria 's Senate expressed concern "  that there had been no formal communication to the National Assembly " -- as required by the nation 's constitution -- to "  empower the vice president to act and perform the functions of the president , " Voice of Nigeria reported . But Aondoakaa , the attorney general , has said the president did not need to write such a letter . In addition to internal discord over its missing president , the oil-rich nation has faced international heat after one of its citizens allegedly attempted to blow up a U.S.-bound jetliner on Christmas Day . U.S. authorities then required passengers on U.S.-bound flights from Nigeria to undergo enhanced security measures . A senior U.S. administration official said Nigeria fell into the U.S. Transportation Security Administration category of "  state sponsors of terrorism or other countries of interest . " CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Nigeria 's president has been in Saudi Arabia for medical care since November House and Senate vote to make VP acting president ; Executive Council must also OK President told BBC last month his health was improving and he planned to go home soon Nigerian officials had argued over procedure to let VP serve as acting president
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Police in Los Angeles and Philadelphia dismantled tents and arrested Occupy protesters who refused to leave city property early Wednesday . Los Angeles police moved in at 12:30 a.m. . About an hour later , the City Hall lawn was cleared and closed for cleanup . About 200 people were arrested in the operation , which utilized some 1,400 officers , said Police Chief Charlie Beck . Police described the operation as fairly peaceful , and Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa early Wednesday praised officers ' professionalism . The Los Angeles encampment , which has been in place for some 60 days , had become the largest one remaining after police raided New York 's Zuccotti Park on November 15 and dismantled the nearly two-month-old camp there . In Philadelphia , 52 people were arrested , said police spokeswoman Christine O'Brien . The evictions at Dilworth Plaza came about 1 a.m. , Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter said in a statement . Scuffles broke out after police ordered some protesters to clear the street , CNN affiliate WPVI said . O'Brien said police remained at the scene Wednesday , and the plaza was being cleaned . WPVI reported several streets were closed until further notice . Four people were injured , Nutter said in the written statement . One police officer sustained a shoulder injury , another cut his hand while making arrests , and a third cut his leg while taking down a tent . A protester was injured when a police horse stepped on her toe , O'Brien said , and was taken to a hospital . On Monday , Nutter gave protesters camped at Dilworth Plaza a 48-hour notice to vacate the site , citing a pending construction project . With the Los Angeles and Philadelphia evictions , Occupy encampments remained in a handful of cities including San Francisco ; Asheville , North Carolina ; Oklahoma City ; and Washington , according to media reports and websites set up by the movement in some cities . In Los Angeles , officers in riot gear and armed with batons closed off streets around City Hall , using bullhorns to warn scores of agitated Occupy LA protesters to disperse . "  This has been declared to be an unlawful assembly . You have seven minutes to gather your belongings and decide to leave , " one officer said . During the raid , more than a dozen protesters sat in a tight circle in the middle of the park with their arms linked . Some cried . Some wore masks . A white police truck drove through the center of the park , announcing orders to disperse in English and Spanish . Some campers left willingly . One carried a skateboard under one arm and what looked like a rolled-up sleeping bag in the other . Officers were met with profanity but no violence . "  This is what a police state looks like ! " some of the protesters chanted . Villaraigosa said the police action was "  a measured approach to enforcing the park closure . " On Sunday , he gave the group a 12:01 a.m. Monday deadline to take down their camp , saying "  an encampment on City Hall grounds is simply not sustainable indefinitely . " But the protesters held their ground . Four people were arrested , but police pulled back . The demonstrators sought a federal court injunction to block their removal , claiming that enforcement of the city 's "  anti-camping " provision is left up to the whim of the police . The City Council has "  expressly affirmed " that the demonstrators are within their First Amendment rights , their complaint said , and Villaraigosa , in ordering them to leave , overstepped his authority . The case remained pending Wednesday . In announcing the Wednesday police raid , the mayor said the park will be closed , and then reopened to "  all Angelenos to exercise their First Amendment rights . " The protesters are welcome back , but they can not camp out -- the same arrangement as at New York 's Zuccotti Park . The Occupy Wall Street movement that began in New York in September has spread across major cities worldwide as a call to action against the unequal distribution of wealth . In recent weeks , cities have begun clearing encampments , citing economic , health and public safety concerns . While only a handful of protesters remained at Zuccotti Park , hundreds meet on a regular basis in the atrium of a building on Wall Street . One problem faced by the Occupy movement is that its tactics "  are really costly to themselves , " meaning its members , said Michael Heaney , a University of Michigan professor who studies social movements . "  Basically what they 've done is , they 've built a movement around a tactic that requires a high level of commitment on the part of its members " in terms of arrests and legal action or perhaps having their property confiscated . That tactic -- camping in public spaces -- can succeed for a while , he said , "  but the police will inevitably crack down . " In order to survive , he said , the Occupy movement needs to adopt some other tactics in order to change the system through internal pressure , not just external pressure , he said . Those might include lobbying , for instance . The civil rights movement , he said , used tactics such as marches and sit-ins , but also formulated a legal strategy and lobbied for the Civil Rights Act . But in the Occupy movement , it 's precisely the current tactic that has inspired people , he said , making it tough for the movement to reorient itself . In addition , members have ideological reasons to reject alternative tactics , he said . "  The people that are at the heart of the Occupy movement are more committed to their way of organizing than they are to achieving the policy goals they say they support , " Heaney said . " ... They care more about doing social action in the way they want to do it , " meaning a non-hierarchical , "  leaderless " approach . In addition , he noted , policy change in the United States can take decades -- allowing gays and lesbians to serve in the military , for example . "  In order to achieve policy change , you need institutions and interests committed over a period of several decades to bringing about those changes . " Still , the Occupy movement has been "  the most successful anarchist movement in history , " he said , and is able to organize people effectively . But , he said , it 's hard to see a clear path to its next stage . CNN Radio 's Steve Kastenbaum and CNN 's Paul Vercammen and Sandra Endo contributed to this report .	52 people are arrested in Philadelphia Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter says four people were injured About 200 are arrested in Los Angeles , the police chief says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama told congressional leaders Thursday he 's planning to pull all combat troops out of Iraq by August 2010 , according to three congressional officials . President Obama says he plans to keep up to 50,000 support troops in Iraq after combat troops leave in 2010 . Under this scenario , all combat troops will be withdrawn within 19 months of Obama 's January inauguration , three months longer than his promise on the campaign trail . In a meeting at the White House Thursday evening , Obama also told lawmakers that he plans to keep a range of 35,000 to 50,000 support troops on the ground in Iraq after combat troops are out , the officials said . All U.S. troops have to be out of Iraq by December 31 , 2011 , under an agreement the Bush administration signed with the Iraqi government last year . White House officials confirmed the president will deliver a speech about Iraq to troops at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina on Friday , his first visit to a military base since being sworn into office . The officials refused to comment on the details of Obama 's plan . While liberals may be frustrated that Obama is not keeping his campaign promise to the letter , the president could win credit from lawmakers in both parties for giving military commanders more time and flexibility to finish the mission . What may turn out to be more controversial is the number of noncombat troops that will remain in Iraq under Obama 's plan . Military officials have stressed that residual , noncombat forces would focus on supplies and logistics to protect U.S. interests in the region . But senior Democrats such as Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid have expressed concern over such a large number of troops staying in Iraq after combat forces have left . One source familiar with the discussion told CNN that Democratic lawmakers complained in private to the president about the remaining troops just as they have in public . "  That 's a little higher number than I expected , " Reid said Thursday before the White House meeting . Sen. Richard Durbin , the No. 2 Democrat and a close Obama ally , said before the White House meeting that he 's anxious to get troops home . But he defended the administration , saying it is "  trying to strike the right balance " between ending the war and maintaining stability in Iraq . A spokeswoman for Sen. John McCain , the top Republican on the Senate Arms Services committee and an attendee at the White House meeting , told CNN that McCain supports the plan to leave 50,000 troops in Iraq . Rep. John McHugh , the top Republican on the House Armed Services Committee , said after the White House meeting that Obama assured him the plan to withdraw all combat forces will be revisited if conditions on the ground in Iraq deteriorate . "  The president 's objective to withdraw U.S. combat troops from Iraq is one we should pray for , plan for , and work toward , " McHugh said in a written statement . "  However , I remain concerned that the security situation in Iraq is fragile , and we should work to mitigate any risks to our troops and their mission . I specifically raised these points with the president this evening , and he assured me that he will revisit his plan if the situation on the ground deteriorates and violence increases , " he said . "  Our commanders must have the flexibility they need in order to respond to these challenges , and President Obama assured me that there is a ` Plan B , ' " McHugh said .	Timeline keeps troops in Iraq three months longer than Obama had pledged Obama plans to keep 35,000-50 ,000 support troops in Iraq after combat troops leave Some lawmakers frustrated with news , concerned for safety of support troops Others may credit Obama for giving military commanders more time to finish mission
Beijing  CNN  -- On the leafy campus of Beijing Foreign Studies University , one of China 's most prestigious foreign language schools , graduating senior Gao Yue and her classmates go about their daily routine of studying and playing , showing little sign of anxiety over the impending dive into the real world . Gao , a 22-year-old journalism major , has long planned her future outside China ever since she spent a month in the United States as an exchange student during high school . Going overseas after college is not a question of if , but when , she says . And it 's not about a higher living standard . "  Press control is quite strict in China and we 're looking for free speech , " she said . "  I think critical thinking is one of the most important things I want to pursue abroad . " "  In China , the kind of education pushes people to think the same way , to drive them to the ` right ' answer -- and I think being a journalist , being critical is the most important thing , " she added . Gao is hardly alone in preparing to leave China , despite the nation 's rapid economic growth during a global slump . As Beijing embarks on a once-in-a-decade leadership change , many observers say the opaque process of power transition is adding more uncertainty to a country already faced with challenges ranging from a widening income gap , a worsening natural environment , to rampant official corruption and the lack of free speech . Nationwide , the education ministry 's latest statistics show that almost 1.5 million Chinese are studying overseas , making China the largest source of foreign students for the rest of the world . The number of Chinese students going abroad has grown more than 20 % every year since 2009 , according to the government . Read : Why the Chinese are flocking to U.S. colleges A likely more worrying trend for the authorities is how billionaire entrepreneurs are moving away , along with their money and talent . Hurun Report , a magazine best known for its ranking of the wealthiest individuals in China , recently surveyed 1,000 super-rich Chinese , finding 60 % of the respondents either in the process of immigrating or seriously considering it . "  What we are seeing is a sense of insecurity or , perhaps you want to look at it from another side , looking for a sense of insurance policy , " said Rupert Hoogewerf , publisher of Hurun Report . "  So they are beginning to quite actively try and get a green card in the U.S. , Canada , Australia and Singapore . " The latest wave of exodus , especially among the younger generation , is helping people like Jinbo Xie do brisk business . Xie founded and runs BeBeyond , a personal development training firm with some 40 employees as well as branches in Beijing and Shanghai . His company prepares thousands of young Chinese like Gao every year to study abroad and charges them as much as $ 2,500 for a six-week course . Xie , 45 , belongs to a group called "  sea turtles " -- a nickname that plays on the sound of the Mandarin word for overseas returnees . When he came back to China in 2001 after studying and working in the United States for eight years , "  sea turtles " were all the rage . The phenomenon has tapered off in recent years as China 's economic growth -- though still impressive by global standards -- slows . Xie says many returnees also start to find adapting to their motherland much harder than they thought . "  In the past two years , people made up their mind to go abroad again due to the exposure of environmental pollution , food safety and other problems in China , " he said . Xie remains unfazed himself and even did something unthinkable to most Chinese : To focus on growing his company , he gave up his American green card two years ago . "  It 's very exciting here -- a lot is happening , " he explained . "  We do have the chance to make some impact . " "  Even though we have a lot of problems , setbacks and whatever , at some point , we 'll be there -- that 's how I feel , " he added .	Despite China 's rapid economic growth , some desire life abroad Some say opaque power transition adding more uncertainty to the country 1.5 million Chinese are studying overseas , making it the largest group of foreign students in world Chinese who live overseas and return are called "  sea turtles "
CNN  -- Italian Serie A team Roma surrendered a two-goal lead at the Stadio Olimpico on Sunday as Zdenek Zeman 's team were beaten 3-2 by Bologna . The home team looked to be cruising towards a second win of Zeman 's second spell in charge of the club as Alessandro Florenzi and Erik Lamella put Roma 2-0 up with just 16 minutes played . But Bologna , looking for their first point of the campaign , fought back and Italian 2006 World Cup winner Alberto Gilardino pulled a goal back with 18 minutes to go . Italian international Alessandro Diamanti drew Bologna level before Gilardino scored a dramatic winner in the 90th minute . The defeat means Roma are sixth in the table with four points from three games . Defending champions Juventus maintained their 100 % record at the top of the table with a battling 3-1 win over Genoa . After falling behind to Ciro Immobile 's goal on 18 minutes , Juve hit back on the hour mark through forward Emanuele Giaccherini . A penalty from Montenegro 's Mirko Vucinic put Juve ahead for the first time in the match with 12 minutes left to play , before Kwadwo Asamoah of Ghana completed the scoring . Napoli and Lazio are second and third respectively after both teams made it three wins from three league matches . Uruguay striker Edinson Cavani got Napoli off to the perfect start in their match with Parma by scoring a penalty with just three minutes on the clock . Macedonian Goran Pandev made it 2-0 six minutes before half time , but Marco Parolo hit back for Parma as the opening period drew to a close . Italy 's Lorenzo Insigne sealed a 3-1 win for Napoli after 77 minutes . Earlier in the day Lazio secured a 3-1 victory of their own away at Chievo . Two goals from Brazilian midfielder Hernanes , on five and 74 minutes , either side of a strike from Germany striker Miroslav Klose ensured an impressive win for Vladimir Petkovic 's team .	Roma surrender a two-goal lead to lose 3-2 at home against Bologna Italian champions Juventus top the table after beating Genoa 3-1 Napoli maintain 100 % record by defeating Parma Lazio also make it three wins from three games with a win against Chievo
