CNN  -- As the voice of opposition to Arizona 's controversial immigration law gets louder , the state 's reputation can expect to take a hit . Critics of the law are calling for economic boycotts of Arizona , urging corporations and organizations to refrain from holding conventions in the state . They 're also pressuring Major League Baseball to take its 2011 All-Star Game elsewhere , much like the National Football League did in 1993 when Arizona refused to recognize Martin Luther King Jr. . Day as a holiday . While Arizona can ride out the backlash in the short term , the impact could hit hard later on , said Brayden King , assistant professor of management and organizations at Northwestern University 's Kellogg School of Management . "  The reputational consequences will have long-term economic consequences if it 's not resolved , " King said . Critics have said the law will lead to racial profiling . Supporters argue it will crack down on illegal immigration . Latino rights groups , others call for Arizona boycott As originally passed , the bill would have allowed police to ask anyone for proof of legal U.S. residency based solely on an officer 's suspicion . Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer signed a bill to amend the law so that officers could check a person 's status only if the person had been detained or arrested for another reason . Brewer said the changes should ease concerns about racial profiling , but opponents say the changes are not sufficient . Days after the bill was signed into law , Debbie Johnson , president and CEO of the Arizona Hotel & Lodging Association , said three conferences were canceled , including a gathering of the American Immigration Lawyers Association scheduled for fall . Arizona governor signs changes into immigration law Now , the calls for boycotts are coming from across the country . The Boston City Council approved a resolution calling on the Massachusetts city to pull investments from Arizona . The Oakland , California , City Council voted this week to boycott Arizona businesses . Chris Coleman , mayor of St. Paul , Minnesota , banned city-funded travel to the state . Coleman also planned to write letters to the chairmen of the Republican and Democratic national committees , encouraging them not to choose Phoenix as the host city for their 2012 conventions . In Arizona , the Tucson and Flagstaff city councils voted this week to file suit against the immigration law . The city councils said they 're taking action because of concerns over enforcement costs and negative effects on Arizona 's tourism industry . Tucson Mayor Bob Walkup said up to 38 percent of retail sales in the city come from legal Mexican visitors . The Arizona Hotel & Lodging Association has set up a Facebook page titled "  Do n't Boycott AZ Tourism , " which urges visitors not to scapegoat the tourist industry and its workers . Supporters of the law outside of the state are mobilizing . Organizers with Voice of the People USA and Tea Party Patriots Live announced Thursday they planned to hold rallies in Phoenix and across the country the week of June 5 to counter any boycotts and show support for the immigration law . Brewer has dismissed the notion that the state 's immigration law would hurt economic development , saying many businesses have long wanted tougher action . The law is slated to go into effect late this summer unless court challenges hold it up . What does the law do ? In an editorial on ESPN.com , Brewer said the recent boycotts and calls for MLB Commissioner Bud Selig to move next year 's All-Star game are misguided . "  Put simply , history shows that boycotts backfire and harm innocent people . Boycotts are just more politics and manipulation by out-of-state interests . As a border state , Arizona has already paid a heavy price for the federal government 's failure -- hundreds of millions , if not billions , of dollars in unreimbursed costs -- and its citizens should not be punished further , " she wrote in the Wednesday article . But King , the Northwestern professor , said history also has shown the opposite to be true . Citing the Boston Tea Party in the 1770s and the civil rights-era boycotts in the South , King noted , "  Those did not hurt the innocent , and they had real impact on political and social change . " A majority of Americans support Arizona 's law , even though most of them think it could lead to racial profiling , according to a recent national poll . A CBS/New York Times survey released Tuesday indicates that Americans overwhelmingly believe that the country 's immigration laws need to be changed . A Gallup Poll released last week showed similar public attitudes : Nearly four in 10 Americans supported the law , with three in 10 opposed , and 31 percent saying they had not heard of the new law at the time , or had no opinion . While the boycotts are keeping the law in the spotlight , King predicted that even those apathetic about the issue could take a side . "  Even people who would n't have cared in the first place are now becoming aware of it and are starting to develop opinions about it . They may have been lukewarm or moderate in the beginning , but they are probably becoming polarized as they become more educated about the issue , " he said , noting that Arizonans ' opinion on the issue could change as well . " -LSB- Brewer 's -RSB- constituents will not be happy if Arizona loses major business revenue like a Super Bowl or an All-Star Game , " he said . "  Even if their own pocketbook is not being affected , they 're not going to want to be associated with that kind of negative press . " Brewer is rejecting a request from a top Senate Democrat to hold the immigration bill for one year to give Congress time to pass comprehensive immigration reform . In a letter dated Thursday and obtained by CNN , Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , made the request to Brewer , a Republican . Schumer , the Senate Democrats ' point man for immigration reform , called Arizona 's concerns about illegal immigration "  legitimate security interests " and said he appreciates that Brewer "  felt duty-bound to take action to address the security concerns in your state . " "  But I simply do not believe the remedy Arizona has enacted will succeed in resolving the problem it is designed to address , " Schumer wrote . He called the law , "  wrong-hearted " and "  likely unconstitutional . " He also asked Brewer to call on Arizona 's two GOP senators - John McCain and Jon Kyl - to "  immediately begin discussions with me to enact " immigration reform . On Friday , Brewer 's office informed CNN of the governor 's response . "  The governor is certainly grateful that Sen. Schumer has focused some attention on Arizona 's border security plight , " said Paul Senseman , Brewer 's deputy chief of staff for communications . But , Senseman continued , Brewer "  is waiting for action on border security . " Attempting to highlight federal inaction on the matter , Senseman referred to a letter sent from border state governors , including Brewer , to Congressional leaders in April 2009 . It called for more National Guard personnel to help local law enforcement agencies combat violence , crime and illegal immigration along the U.S.-Mexico border . "  The governor has been waiting over a year , " Senseman told CNN in reaction to Schumer 's letter . CNN 's A. Pawlowski contributed to this report .	NEW : Senator asks Arizona to hold off on law until Congress acts on issue Opponents of Arizona immigration law are calling for an economic boycott of state Expert : Boycott could hurt state 's reputation , lead to long-term economic consequences "  History shows that boycotts backfire and harm innocent people , " Arizona governor says
CNN  -- Another day , another toll in Syria 's civil war : 213 dead . For many around the world , the story of the fighting in Syria is a near daily listing of casualty figures that represent the devastation of war . For those on the ground , it 's the reality of nearly two years of fighting with no end in sight . It 's that reality the country 's principal opposition group says led it to suspend its participation in next week 's meeting in Rome of the Friends of Syria -- an international conference of diplomats from more than 60 nations working to bring about an end to the violence . "  Enough is enough . The whole world is not doing anything , " Adib Shishakly , a member of the Syrian National Coalition , told CNN on Friday . "  We are not going to any more conferences . " In a statement released Friday , the coalition said it also would not accept upcoming invitations to meetings in Washington and Moscow . What 's next ? The war in Syria began in March 2011 when President Bashar al-Assad 's government brutally cracked down on protesters , partly inspired by Arab Spring uprisings in the region , calling for political freedoms . The protest movement quickly devolved into an armed conflict along somewhat sectarian lines between majority Sunnis and al-Assad 's minority-Alawite dominated government . Alawites are an offshoot of Shiite Islam . World leaders have been hard pressed to end the fighting with the U.N. Security Council hopelessly deadlocked amid concern the violence could spill over into neighboring countries and destabilize the region . The United States , the European Union and the Arab League -- the backbone of the Friends of Syria -- have supplied aid to rebels in the form of communications equipment and humanitarian aid . The rebels want more , specifically military aid in the form of arms and training . "  We want the U.S. to help the people on the ground , " Shishakly said . But countries have stopped short of providing military aid as many did to Libyan rebels over concerns about the unity of the fractious Syrian opposition . Concerns also have been raised about rebel ties to an al Qaeda affiliate , the al-Nusra Front , and other militant groups . Counterproductive move ? The news that the National Coalition was pulling out of the meeting came as a surprise to the United States where at least one senior U.S. official warned the move would be counterproductive . The meeting will provide the opposition its first opportunity to meet with new U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , according to the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . The coalition did not notify the United States ahead of its decision , said the official , who was not authorized to release the information . Britain urged the coalition to reconsider its move . "  It is important to have Coalition participation , and we strongly urge members to help win the arguments for achieving more support for the Opposition . The Coalition is making progress ; it is not easy , but now is not the time to give up , " the Foreign Office said in a statement . The National Coalition , meanwhile , is pushing ahead with plans to create a transitional government despite al-Assad 's refusal to cede power . A head of the interim government will be named within 10 days , according to a statement released Friday by the group at the conclusion of a two-day meeting in Cairo . See-saw battles The announcement by the coalition comes as see-saw battles between government forces and rebels have reached a near draw in the civil war , with neither side gaining ground in recent months . The fighting has spilled from the countryside into city centers , with rebels and government forces reportedly clashing in the capital city of Damascus as well the country 's largest city of Aleppo . The opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said 213 people killed in fighting across the country Friday . Of the casualties , 92 were killed in the opposition stronghold of Aleppo , according to the group . CNN can not confirm casualties as access to the country has been severely restricted . The deaths in Aleppo , according to the opposition , occurred when Scud missiles were fired Friday by government forces at rebel strongholds in predominantly residential neighborhoods . The missile attack came a day after a series of car bombs targeted government buildings in the capital city of Damascus , including the headquarters of al-Assad 's ruling party , and left at least 53 people dead and more than 230 wounded . The United Nations recently estimated 70,000 people died in the fighting in Syria . CNN 's Elise Labott and Chelsea Carter contributed to this report .	"  The whole world is not doing anything , " a Syrian opposition member says The opposition says it is boycotting the Friends of Syria as a sign of protest The meeting of international diplomats is meeting next week in Rome
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Suzanne Mubarak , wife of toppled Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , is expected to undergo open-heart surgery Sunday night , the manager of the Sharm el-Sheikh Hospital said . Egypt 's former first lady suffered a heart attack Friday after being questioned in a corruption investigation , Mohamed Fatah Allah said . She has been treated in the intensive care unit . The incident came shortly after Suzanne Mubarak was ordered detained for 15 days in a corruption case , the state-run Middle East News Agency reported . Assem al-Gohary , the assistant justice minister for the Illicit Gains Authority , ordered her detained for "  obtaining illegal wealth using her husband 's position and political authority . " A team of investigators from the authority , a separate investigative unit under the Ministry of Justice , had questioned the former president in the same hospital for three hours Thursday regarding "  using his political position as president to acquire illegal wealth . " "  Hosni Mubarak was also questioned about his luxury mansion in Sharm el-Sheikh , " al-Gohary said . Last month , the former president suffered a heart attack during questioning over possible corruption charges , Egyptian state television reported . But the head doctor from a Ministry of Justice team assisting with the questioning disputed the diagnosis , saying later that the former leader had heart palpitations and was able to walk with assistance . He was deemed stable enough to allow prosecutors to resume questioning at the hospital , according to the state-owned Al Ahram newspaper . Mubarak has said the inquiry is aimed at tarnishing his reputation and that of his family . The former first lady had been scheduled for questioning Thursday , but investigators postponed the interrogation until Friday morning . She was asked about the origin of 20 million Egyptian pounds  $ 3.4 million  deposited in her name in a local bank account , al-Gohary said . Both Mubaraks were questioned about accounts in Al Ahly Bank , containing $ 147 million under their authority , he said . The Mubaraks signed affidavits allowing investigators to further inquire into their bank accounts and wealth inside and outside Egypt . Suzanne Mubarak , 70 , was treated successfully for leukemia 10 years ago , said Hanaa Gohar , the former first lady 's former press contact . "  She was very healthy and very active " before the revolution , Gohar said . Hosni Mubarak , a U.S. ally and former military commander , resigned in February after nearly three decades in power amid massive demonstrations calling for him to step down . Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this story .	A manager of the hospital in the resort town of Sharm el-Sheikh said she suffered a heart attack The incident occurred shortly after she was ordered detained for 15 days in a corruption case Hosni Mubarak was also questioned about his finances
An American who had been imprisoned for nearly two years in Nicaragua left the country Friday , a day after he was set free , and was en route to a reunion with his family , a spokesman for his family told CNN . Jason Puracal , a 35-year-old native of Washington state , had been serving a 22-year sentence for drug-related crimes in one of the Latin American country 's most notorious prisons . He was one of 12 people whose charges were vacated , according to his legal team and a judicial order signed Wednesday that the team gave to CNN . Since his arrest in 2011 , Puracal had many defenders who said the charges were baseless . They included human rights activists , international attorneys , a U.N. body , a former FBI investigator and a U.S. congressman . Details about Puracal 's two years in prison In August , Puracal spoke by phone with CNN 's Anderson Cooper , saying he was imprisoned in a "  hellhole " and that he was "  100 percent innocent . " "  I do n't know the reason that I 'm here , " Puracal said . "  That 's been a mystery from the very beginning . What the motives behind the police and the prosecution have been . " Wednesday 's court order resulted from an appeal hearing that concluded this summer , in which Puracal 's legal team argued for his release . "  The family is thrilled to hear the news that they are another huge step closer to bringing Jason home , " said Eric Volz , a spokesman for Puracal 's family and managing director of the David House Agency , the crisis-management firm handling the case , prior to his client 's release . "  There is one thing we have known all along over the past two years : Jason is innocent . " Citing safety concerns , Volz would not say where or when the reunion was to take place . Puracal , who served as a Peace Corps volunteer in Nicaragua , is married to a Nicaraguan and has a son , is to appear Monday on CNN 's "  AC360 . "	Jason Puracal had been serving a 22-year sentence for drug-related crimes He was freed Thursday Puracal , who is married to a Nicaraguan , left the country Friday
CNN  -- A nurse is suing a hospital , claiming it agreed to a man 's request that no African-Americans care for his baby . The lawsuit accuses managers at Hurley Medical Center in Flint of reassigning Tonya Battle , who has worked at the facility for 25 years , based on the color of her skin . The man approached Battle , while she was caring for his child in the hospital 's neonatal intensive care unit , asking to speak to her supervisor , according to the complaint filed in January by Battle 's attorney . She pointed the charge nurse in his direction . The man , who is not named in the filing , allegedly showed her a tattoo that may have been "  a swastika of some kind " and told her that he did n't want African-Americans involved in his baby 's care . The request , according to the lawsuit , made its way through management ranks , and was granted . Battle 's manager called her at home to tell her she would be reassigned -- and why , the suit says . She was shocked and in disbelief , her attorney Julie Gafkay told CNN affiliate WNEM . "  She was very upset . She was very offended . " The hospital did not immediately respond late Friday to a CNN request for comment . A note made its way onto prominent spot on the baby 's medical chart , according to the suit : "  Please , no African-American nurses to care for ... baby per dad 's request . " The hospital 's lawyer then objected to the decision , and the note was removed . The staff then told the father that they could no longer honor his request , according to the complaint . Even so , the lawsuits alleges , for more than a month no African-American nurses were assigned to care of the child . CNN 's Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	Tonya Battle worked for the hospital for 25 years A father told her supervisor he did n't want black people caring for his baby , suit says He showed the supervisor a tattoo while speaking with her A note on the baby 's chart asked that no African-Americans care for the child , suit alleges
London , Engand  CNN  -- The experience of minority and coalition governments worldwide shows the advantages and risks for the UK as the Conservative and Liberal Democrat parties build an alliance that can command a parliamentary majority following an election that produced no clear winner . Some people in Britain , including Conservative leader David Cameron , had feared that a hung parliament would leave the country with a government too weak to be able to cut its massive deficit , potentially sparking panic on financial markets . Cameron 's party have been most vocal on the need to slash public spending quickly to help reduce the deficit , while Labour strategists argue huge cuts in spending over a short period would slow recovery . William Hague , the new foreign secretary , told reporters after the weekend talks with the Lib Dems that "  the central part of any agreement will be economic stability and a reduction of the budget deficit . " But many countries where voting systems regularly produce minority or coalition governments seem to manage their economies perfectly adequately . And some calmer Westminster and City voices have pointed out that Britain managed to run its affairs during World War II with a coalition government . Germany , Europe 's largest economy , is perhaps the best example of a country with a long tradition of stable coalition administrations . Chancellor Angela Merkel currently leads a coalition between the conservative Christian Democrats  CDU  , its Bavarian sister party , the Christian Social Union  CSU  and the liberal Free Democrats  FDP  -- though this has come under strain recently as a result of Merkel 's support for a huge financial rescue plan for Greece . Grand coalitions between the two largest parties also occur , but these are relatively rare . Discussions between parties often take place prior to an election because of a general acceptance that no one party is capable of an outright majority . This is seen as a key factor in helping to make a coalition stable . Coalition and minority governments are also the norm in much of Scandinavia where elections nearly always result in protracted discussions between two or more parties over the composition of the next government . Canada has had a Conservative minority government led by PM Stephen Harper since 2006 , and is opposed by center-left Liberals and left-wing New Democrats . Harper 's Conservative Party was formed following a merger of the center-right Progressive Conservative and right-wing Canadian Alliance parties . In a 2008 election , he increased his party 's representation but must still govern as a minority administration , with just 143 out of 308 seats . In Ireland , no single party has ruled since 1989 . Coalitions are typically formed by one of the two biggest parties , Fianna Fáil and Fine Gael , and one or more of the smaller parties . The current ruling alliance between Brian Cowen 's Fianna Fáil and the Greens has endured despite the country 's ailing economy . Belgium 's experience has been less positive . Its political system is organized around the need to represent the main cultural communities : Flemish or Dutch-speaking Flanders in the north , French-speaking Wallonia in the south and the German-speaking cantons in the east . This has often resulted in a weak coalition government , with a number of parties vying for control . Last month Prime Minister Yves Leterme was forced to resign after a Flemish liberal party withdrew from the five-party coalition government after a dispute over electoral boundaries around the nation 's capital , Brussels . Bizarrely Brussels is the only electoral district where votes are not cast purely on linguistic lines . Belgium 's political system insists that you ca n't vote for a French-speaking party in Flanders and vice versa . Italy also has a history of fractious coalitions , with 61 governments taking office since 1945 . Its political landscape has been characterized by chronic squabbling between numerous parties across the political spectrum , which has thwarted attempts to form stable governments and reform its political system . Elsewhere in the world , Israel has always been governed by alliances between its various parties , with power traditionally alternating between a center-right-led Likud government in coalition with several right-wing and religious parties and periods of rule by the center-left Labor in coalition with several left-wing parties .	Fears in Britain that a hung parliament will leave the country with a weak government Labour and Conservatives have been negotiating with Liberal Democrats to form coalition Economic stability key to any agreement , according to senior Conservative lawmaker Germany has a history of successful and stable coalition governments
As President Barack Obama presses his case for a strike on Syria , a new national survey shows him swimming against a strong tide of public opinion that does n't want the United States to get involved . The CNN/ORC International poll released on Monday shows that even though eight in 10 Americans believe that Bashar al-Assad 's regime gassed its own people , a strong majority does n't want Congress to pass a resolution authorizing a military strike against it . More than seven in 10 say such a strike would not achieve significant goals for the United States and a similar amount say it 's not in the national interest for the country to get involved in Syria 's civil war . See complete poll results  PDF The poll comes at the start of a pivotal week for the president . The Senate is expected to take up the resolution after returning from its summer recess on Monday while Obama participates in a round of interviews with the major television outlets . Wolf Blitzer 's interview with Obama will air Monday on "  The Situation Room " at 6 p.m. ET . Three questions for Obama Amid a flurry of briefings by White House officials , Obama will travel to Capitol Hill on Tuesday to make his case with lawmakers hours before he speaks to the nation in a prime-time address . "  Even as he works members of Congress one by one in small group settings , President Obama 's biggest challenge is the American public at large , " said John King , CNN chief national correspondent . "  More than seven in 10 Americans simply do n't see a military response making any difference . They do n't see it doing any good . They 're very skeptical , post Iraq and even post Libya and post Egypt , that the United States can do something in a limited way in the Middle East and walk away with a success . And so the skepticism is driving it right now . " The stakes are high for the president . After pushing for strikes against Syria , Obama unexpectedly announced on August 31 that he would ask Congress to authorize military action . Failing to get Congress to go along would be an embarrassment for the commander in chief . "  He 'll go to establishing a new high bar to what it means to being a lame duck this early , " CNN contributor and Republican strategist Ana Navarro said . "  It would be devastating , I think , for rest of his agenda . " But Stephanie Cutter , another CNN contributor who was Obama 's 2012 deputy campaign manager , said Congress 's not passing the resolution would be "  a blow to the United States , not a blow to the president . It 's a blow to the United States ' authority all over the world . And unprecedented . " "  That 's why you 're going to see some members of Congress vote for that particular reason . Some said they 're voting for that particular reason , " she said . Obama faces steep climb in House The Senate could vote on the resolution as early as Wednesday and the outcome there is very much in doubt . Even more uncertain are prospects in the House where Republican leaders say they 'll wait to see what happens in the Senate first . "  Congressional approval would help Obama a little , but a majority would still oppose airstrikes against military targets in Syria , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . "  If Congress authorizes military action , 55 % of Americans would still oppose airstrikes . " The president has had at least a small majority of public support behind him in conflicts involving the United States over the past 20 years . Eighty-six percent of those surveyed in a CNN/USA Today/Gallup poll less than a month after the 9/11 terror attacks favored military action , and 56 % backed the United States and its allies in creating a "  no-fly " zone over Libya in 2011 . Only U.S. involvement in NATO airstrikes on Serbia in 1999 during the Clinton administration split the public down the middle , with 43 % supporting involvement and 40 % opposing it . ` This is not Iraq or Afghanistan ' While 64 % supported using American ground troops in Iraq in 2003 , intelligence indicating Saddam Hussein was building weapons of mass destruction was later discredited . That has contributed to public doubts about Obama administration claims of evidence showing that al-Assad 's regime gassed its own people on August 21 outside Damascus , killing more than 1,400 people . Fifty-nine percent of people questioned say they do n't think Congress should approve a proposed resolution authorizing military action against Syria for up to 90 days -- an initial 60-day window plus another 30 following congressional notification -- but prohibiting the use of ground troops . About 40 % support that plan . If Congress rejects the Syria resolution , the White House has said that the president still has the authority to strike . "  I think it would be a mistake for me to jump the gun and speculate because right now I 'm working to get as much support as possible out of Congress , " Obama said on Friday when asked by CNN senior White House correspondent Brianna Keilar what he would do if the resolution failed . But the poll indicates Americans are quite clear on that point : More than seven in 10 say they would oppose U.S. airstrikes against Syria if Congress does not authorize it . Who are the Syrian rebels ? The debate over Syria has caused intra-party divides among both parties : Hawkish Republicans and moderate Democrats say the United States should strike , while the libertarian wing of the GOP says involvement is not in the U.S. interest . Liberal Democrats say there are alternatives to military action that have n't been exhausted . The poll also suggests those surveyed who identified themselves as Democrats and Republicans do n't see eye to eye on the resolution . Fifty-six percent of Democrats think Congress should pass it , but only 36 % of Republicans and 29 % of independents say the same . "  Bringing Congress into the equation seems to have added a political dimension to the Syria debate , " Holland said . "  Once Congress makes up its mind , however , the gap between Democrats and Republicans nearly vanishes . " ` House of Assad ' survives on loyalty , brutality If Congress does authorize military action , the gap between Democrats and Republicans shrinks to just four points , with 51 % of Democrats and 47 % of Republicans favoring military action . And if Congress rejects the resolution authorizing military action , large numbers in both parties oppose airstrikes . "  It appears that while the debate is still in the hands of Congress , politics will affect Americans ' views on Syria , " Holland said . "  Politics may still stop at the water 's edge for most Americans , but Capitol Hill remains a highly partisan environment , even when international affairs are being debated . " The poll gives some insight into why many Americans oppose action . While more than eight in 10 say that it 's likely or certain that the Syrian government used chemical weapons , nearly seven in 10 say that it 's not in the U.S. national interest to get involved in Syria 's civil war . And more than seven in 10 say that airstrikes would not achieve significant goals for the U.S. Syria 's neighbors on edge And while most of those questioned said that how their members of Congress voted on the resolution would n't affect how they voted in future elections , but the remainder by a nearly 3-1 margin said they would be more likely to vote against the lawmakers if they supported the resolution . The CNN poll was conducted by ORC International on September 6-8 , with 1,022 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points .	7 in 10 poll respondents say they do n't think a strike on Syria would achieve U.S. goals Poll comes at beginning of a pivotal week for President Obama The president has had at least a small majority behind him in recent conflicts About eight in 10 believe al-Assad regime is or is likely behind chemical weapons attack
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Barack Obama , who shot from obscurity to fame based on a single speech and then captured the White House in a campaign marked by soaring rhetoric , delivered a restrained , sober inaugural address Tuesday . American patriot Thomas Paine seems to have informed some of the spirit of President Obama 's inaugural speech . Gone was the mantra-like "  Yes we can " chanted by supporters , which Obama invoked as a refrain right through his victory speech on Election Night . Largely absent , too , were citations from the two historical figures on whose shoulders Obama stood Tuesday -- Abraham Lincoln and Martin Luther King Jr. , both of whom he quoted on the night of his triumph in November . He took his oath of office on Lincoln 's 1861 inaugural Bible , closing a circle of symbolism that began when he declared his candidacy for president two years ago on the same spot in Illinois where Lincoln launched his own first campaign . But other than mentioning "  the lash of the whip , " an echo of Lincoln 's towering second inaugural address , and "  gathering clouds and raging storms , " Obama did not seem to quote the 16th president . And , perhaps thinking that the simple fact of an African-American being sworn in as president was sufficiently drenched with significance , he made only the most glancing reference to King . "  We are a nation of Christians and Muslims , Jews and Hindus -- and nonbelievers , " Obama said , a contemporary variation on King 's hope that "  Jews and Gentiles , Protestants and Catholics " would one day join hands and sing . Watch President Obama 's full speech " In fact , if the speech could be said to have an animating spirit , it was that of Thomas Paine , the great 18th-century pamphleteer who played a key role in the American and French revolutions . Obama referred to "  the rights of man , " the title of a book Paine wrote in praise of the French Revolution . And his speech ended with a long quote from Paine that George Washington ordered read to his troops when the revolt looked bleak for the Colonies : "  Let it be told to the future world ... that in the depth of winter , when nothing but hope and virtue could survive ... that the city and the country , alarmed at one common danger , came forth to meet  it .  " The passage comes from Paine 's critical 1776 essay "  The Crisis , " which famously begins : "  These are the times that try men 's souls . " Indeed , Obama used the word "  crisis " four times in his speech -- one more time than he used the word perhaps most closely identified with him : Hope . "  That we are in the midst of a crisis is now well-understood , " Obama said , in a speech that warned Americans to prepare for a long , hard -- but certain -- slog toward better days . He drew on the touchstones of American civic life , the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution , with phrases such as "  we the people , " "  common defense " and "  all deserve a chance to pursue their full measure of happiness . " He nodded towards John F. Kennedy with a reference to "  rising tides of prosperity " and Franklin Roosevelt in saying Americans had chosen "  hope over fear . " And he seemed to carry on a bit of an argument with Ronald Reagan , listing key battlefields in American history  "  Concord and Gettysburg , Normandy and Khe Sahn "  , as Reagan did in his first inaugural , but rejecting the most famous phrase from that speech . Watch CNN 's Fareed Zakaria discuss writing a memorable speech " "  Government is not the solution to the problem , government is the problem , " Reagan declared in 1981 . No , Obama seemed to respond 28 years later , "  The question we ask today is not whether our government is too big or too small , but whether it works . ... Where the answer is yes , we intend to move forward . Where the answer is no , programs will end ... because only then can we restore the vital trust between a people and their government . " He also borrowed a notion associated with Reagan , but running through American history right back to the Puritans , who in turn took it from the book of Isaiah : that American ideals "  still light the world . " And his conclusion bookended the two great sources of quotes in the English language , Shakespeare and the Bible . America , he said , may be experiencing "  this winter of our hardship " -- riffing on Richard III 's "  winter of our discontent " -- but will prove "  when we were tested " -- as Abraham was by God -- "  we refused to let this journey end ... with eyes fixed on the horizon and God 's grace upon us , we carried forth that great gift of freedom and delivered it safely to future generations . " CNN interns Tom Boltman and Eftehia Katsareas contributed to this report .	Only whispers of Abraham Lincoln , Martin Luther King Jr. heard in speech American patriot Thomas Paine seems to have been an influence Other noted references : President Kennedy , Shakespeare and Abraham from Bible
CNN  -- Flight-phobics , relax -- a list of the world 's safest airlines has just been released . Top of the ranking from AirlineRatings.com of the safest carriers in 2013 is the Australian airline Qantas . Awarding it a full seven stars , the website cites the airline 's fatality-free flying record from the beginning of the jet era in the early 1950s . Other airlines sharing the seven-star rating and winning a place among the top 10 safest airlines are , in alphabetical order , Air New Zealand , All Nippon Airways , Cathay Pacific Airways , Emirates , Etihad Airways , Eva Air , Royal Jordanian , Singapore Airlines and Virgin Atlantic . Safest industries Commercial aviation is one of the most heavily monitored industries in the world and statistically the much-cited comparison bears out : you are much less likely to die in an airplane crash than in a car accident . Indeed , the number of fatalities last year was at a record low , according to the Aviation Safety Network  ASN  . Many airlines go for years without experiencing significant safety incidents , let alone a crash . There is thus often little to distinguish the largest and most reliable carriers apart from a safety point of view . Of the 448 airlines AirlineRatings.com surveys , 137 have a top seven-star rating . Along with fatality crash records and audits from aviation governing bodies , the website takes into account the quality of the "  in-flight product " airlines offer -- including in-flight entertainment , seating and food -- to determine their ranking . Concentrate on the movie Nonetheless , it 's useful know some of the airlines to consider booking if you 'd prefer to concentrate on the inflight movie rather than rejigging your last will and testament in your head . Probably not among them , however , is Scat , the unfortunately named Kazakh airline that shares a one-star ranking with the Afghan Kam Air and the Surinamese Bluewing Airlines . All are on a list of airlines banned from flying within the EU . Quite what the one star is for is n't revealed -- perhaps just getting off the ground . It 's certainly not for brand name development in the case of Scat . Of the carriers awarded two stars , three are from Indonesia and one each from Afghanistan , the United Arab Emirates , Eritrea and Myanmar . The United States does n't blacklist individual airlines , but it does make public a list of countries , including Indonesia , that it judges to fall short of international aviation safety standards . Record year Dubious names and rankings aside , nervous flyers should be breathing easier . Last year was the safest for flying since 1945 , with 269 deaths from 29 accidents , the ASN records . That compares with a far higher 10-year average of 719 fatalities and 32 accidents annually  involving planes with a minimum passenger capacity of 14  . "  The average number of airliner accidents has shown a steady and persistent decline , " said the ASN president , Harro Ranter , "  probably for a great deal thanks to the continuing safety-driven efforts by international aviation organizations . " However , the picture is uneven worldwide . With one-fifth of all fatal airliner accidents but only around 3 % of global aircraft departures , Africa remains the least safe continent for flying . Yet the worst accident last year was in Russia . A Tatarstan Airlines Boeing 737 from Moscow to Kazan crashed and exploded into flames on landing on November 17 , killing all 44 passengers and six crew aboard . The Russian carrier receives only four stars from AirlineRatings.com because of its failure to complete the "  critical " International Air Transport Association Operational Safety Audit . Airlines that have completed the audit have a 77 % better safety record than those that have n't , the website reports .	Qantas tops list of safest airlines Last year was safest for flying since 1945 Kazakh and Afghan airlines have one-star ratings Worst crash last year was in Russia
San Francisco  CNN  -- From the ninth floor of an office building here , Verizon Wireless executives peered out of a window at the breathtaking view of the East Bay . Behind them , baristas wrestled with an espresso maker and served up free cappuccinos to guests . The newly renovated office , located in SoMa , San Francisco 's tech hub , is home to the Verizon Application Innovation Center , which opened last month . Big and small software developers are invited to work here at no charge , with unlimited access to development phones , wireless equipment , shielded test rooms and lattes . The modern workspace is part of Verizon 's plan to improve its image in the technology industry and particularly with people who develop mobile phone apps , executives said in interviews . App makers often condemn carriers for monthly data caps and limits on high-bandwidth apps , which they see as stifling innovation . Cell giants , including AT&T Mobility and Britain 's Vodafone , are taking approaches similar to Verizon 's to deflect criticism and position themselves as friends , not foes , of developers . Vodafone , which partially owns Verizon Wireless , opened its own development center in Silicon Valley this month . AT&T cut the ribbon last week on its Foundry Development Center in Palo Alto , California . All of the furniture there is on wheels to facilitate makeshift meetings . Currently , 106 projects are under way at the foundry , many of them in collaboration with other companies . "  The purpose here was really to be right in the middle of Silicon Valley , in the heart of innovation , " Jon Summers , an AT&T technology executive , said last week . "  The one thing that we are extremely passionate about is enabling innovation through these partnerships and within this community . " AT&T also is working with esteemed venture capital firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital to identify small companies with which the carrier should work , Summers said . Third-party developers are welcome to show up at the foundry unannounced and receive technical support from people there , he said . An AT&T spokeswoman declined to say how many workers staff its facility , but Summers said Ericsson has employees there along with AT&T engineers , and that people from Microsoft and Juniper Networks will also work there intermittently . Ericsson is also a founding partner in Verizon 's innovation-center program . A Verizon spokesman said 25 engineers work at its San Francisco office . Verizon previously launched a similar facility in Waltham , Massachusetts , for hardware developers . AT&T opened two others earlier this year in Plano , Texas , and Ra'anana , Israel . Work at these centers has resulted in exclusive projects for each company , executives said . Part of the motivation for the significant investments is to avoid being seen as a "  dumb pipe , " or as solely a conduit for data , said Michael King , a Gartner Research analyst . "  I think the long-term goal for a lot of these carriers is they do n't want to become pipes , " King said . "  When you think about it , the carriers do n't bring a lot to a developer . " There may be technical limits to what developers can accomplish with these new carrier-specific app stores . Telecoms operate many parts of their business as "  a closed loop , " rather than unlocking services such as text messaging to developers , said Andrew Bosworth , a Facebook product director . The carriers will have a tougher time convincing software makers , especially those who produce hot consumer apps , to sign exclusivity contracts , King said . "  If you 've got a really compelling app , why are you going to limit yourself to half your potential market ? " King said . "  You are not going to tie yourself to a carrier . " Verizon and AT&T executives acknowledged as much in interviews . Developers who use their facilities likely will offer their apps on competitors ' networks , they said . "  No one has a monopoly on good ideas , " Verizon Wireless CEO Dan Mead said at the center 's opening last month . Verizon appears to be winning good will with smaller tech companies , however , which could be a valuable asset . Some developers , who , according to Verizon tech exec Kyle Malady , saw Verizon as "  the big , bad carrier , " changed their outlook after meetings at the new office . "  The partners started saying , ` You guys are so open , ' " he said . Apple has attributed some of its successes in the mobile industry to a massive base of support from developers . Verizon CTO David Small said in an interview last month that people in the wireless industry see Apple as the impetus for renewed interest in Silicon Valley . Apple has been holding an annual summer developers conference for more than two decades . AT&T had its fifth annual developer summit in January on the eve of the Consumer Electronics Show . Verizon wrapped up its third last week in Las Vegas . "  We recognized from the beginning , " said Verizon 's Small , "  that the potential for innovation is bigger than Verizon . "	AT&T opens a Foundry Development Center in Silicon Valley Verizon Wireless also has an Application Innovation Center in San Francisco The cell carriers are working to improve their images among app makers
CNN  -- Sorry , America : Support for emergency care patients barely receives a passing grade and needs extra help , according to a new report . The American College of Emergency Physicians , a national medical specialty society , issued a "  report card " assessing the country 's emergency medical services . As a whole , the United States got a measly D-plus . "  This report card is saying : The nation 's policies are failing to support emergency patients , " Alexander Rosenau , president of the American College of Emergency Physicians , said Thursday . The report does not single out any physicians or hospitals but shows how well states and the federal government are doing in terms of supporting emergency care , said Dr. Jon Mark Hirshon , an emergency physician at the University of Maryland and board member of the American College of Emergency Physicians . Categories included access to care and disaster preparedness , among others . The country 's emergency care environment has actually worsened since 2009 , the last time the organization graded the United States on support for emergency care . Five years ago , the nation received a C-minus . The American College of Emergency Physicians used 136 measures for grading the states . The report card rated some categories in 2014 as better than others , nationwide . Quality and patient safety environment got a C ; so did public health and injury prevention , and disaster preparedness . The medical liability environment got a C-minus . But access to emergency care scored a dismal D-minus . "  If I 'm in a car crash and they bring me to hospital that 's not ready for me , my chances of survival are less , " Hirshon said . "  So you want a state that has that type of trauma system . And when you look at patient safety , that 's one of the components of patient safety . " Medical liability environment affects your ability to access a specialist in an emergency , Hirshon said . Appropriate physicians may not be available because they are afraid of being on call for patients they do n't know for liability reasons , he said . There have also been trends of physicians migrating from states with high-liability insurance premiums to others where it is not such an issue , such as Texas , Rosenau said . Winners and losers by state In a state-by-state breakdown , grading the 50 states and the District of Columbia on these parameters , the report card found that the District of Columbia leads in emergency care support , with a grade of B-minus . Massachusetts , Maine and Nebraska ranked second , third and fourth , respectively , also getting B-minus . Colorado squeezed into fifth place with a C-plus . At the bottom of the list : Wyoming got an outright F. Arkansas got a D-minus ; New Mexico , Montana and Kentucky came out with Ds . Access to emergency care was particularly lacking across many states , the report card said . In this category , 21 states received an F . At the front of the class in this category , with As and Bs , were the District of Columbia , Pennsylvania , Ohio , Massachusetts and Maine . "  You can have the best medicine in the world , but it wo n't matter if people ca n't get to it , " Hirshon said . Medical liability was good enough in Colorado , Idaho , Kansas and Texas to score those states As , but 10 states got Fs . Three states got As for policies that support patient safety : Maryland , Pennsylvania , Utah and North Carolina . But 10 states got Fs in this category . For public health and injury prevention , Hawaii , Massachusetts , Maine , Minnesota , Oregon , Utah and Washington got As . But 28 states got Ds or Fs . Disaster preparedness was also a big problem , with nearly half of all states receiving Ds or Fs . On the flip side , the District of Columbia and North Dakota aced this category . Supply is down , demand is up The report also highlighted that there were 130 million emergency department visits , or 247 visits per minute , in 2010 , and there were 37.9 million visits related to injury , according to the CDC 's National Hospital Ambulatory Medical Care Survey : 2010 Emergency Department Summary  PDF  . From 1995 to 2010 , there was a 34 % increase in emergency department visits , according to CDC 's data . During this same time period , the supply of emergency departments went down by 11 % . The number of patients visiting emergency departments is likely to increase as baby boomers age and develop more medical problems . And the report projects that with the Affordable Care Act going into effect , millions of people who ca n't find physicians who accept their insurance , and who were added to Medicaid , will also seek emergency care . A recent study in Science suggested that Medicaid increases the use of emergency departments . "  We 'll be asked to do more with less resources , which has the potential to impact emergency patients , " Hirshon said . The report card did not include free-standing emergency departments , as they are new entities and need to be better understood , Hirshon said . What can be done ? The Affordable Care Act calls for a work force commission to examine shortages of physicians and nurses , and the American College of Emergency Physicians wants to see that funded . Graduate medical education funding should also be expanded , Hirshon said . The physicians group would also like to see enhancements of the Emergency Care Coordination Center in Washington to help with disaster response . Improvements have been made since the 2009 report card ; one state started a new trauma system , while another enhanced medical liability laws . "  We know that in every single category , there was one state that was able to garner an A on this report card , " Rosenau said . Those are examples for other states unhappy with their grade , he said .	The American College of Emergency Physicians graded states The U.S. 's previous grade was a C-minus in 2009 Report says District of Columbia leads in emergency care environment
CNN  -- High-flying acrobats . Death-defying leaps . Bright lights and performance tents filled with adoring fans . It 's the stuff of which dreams are made . After all , who does n't want to run away with the circus ? But for Joe Putignano , it was n't as simple as running away -- it took a lifetime of dedication and a battle against addiction to get where he is today : dangling from the 40-foot-high catwalk above the Cirque du Soleil big top . The house lights are off , and one lone spotlight shines upon Joe 's reflective mirror-ball suit . He is tethered at the waist , head tilted back , arms reaching behind him to grab his foot , which is quickly flexing up toward his head . He starts to spin -- literally because that 's what his character is supposed to do , and figuratively , because of the searing pain he 's feeling in both shoulders as he contorts into this position . Though it may seem that Cirque characters are superhuman , they too can get injured . Joe is a real human being with real muscles , bones , connective tissue and joints . And for Joe , it 's not just high-flying acrobatics that cause him pain . "  It 's sort of mundane things , " he says . "  Sleeping hurts a lot , because I 'm rolling over on my shoulder . Just drinking a coffee . Washing my hair hurts a lot . " After nearly 1,000 performances of "  Totem " and a lifetime of gymnastics training , Joe has finally hit a wall . "  I need to have surgery , " he says matter-of-factly . "  I really wanted to see if I could continue on , and just kind of manage it , do a lot of physical therapy , and get out of this pain . But we 've done that , and we 're kind of out of options . " Cirque du Soleil star : Why I fear pain Joe has what 's called a superior labral tear from anterior to posterior -- a SLAP tear for short -- in his right shoulder . His biceps tendon is also torn , and he has a third tear in the subscapular area underneath his shoulder blade . His left shoulder has just the one injury -- another SLAP tear . That one needs to be operated on as well , and soon , before he has permanent damage to the joint . And surgery has to be done in a way that preserves Joe 's abilities to perform . "  I suppose there 's always a risk that when they do fix it , that it will destroy my flexibility , " Joe says . "  I 'm useful in this industry because of my flexibility . " Now this contortionist is headed to another arena with bright lights , where all eyes are focused on him : the operating room . Surgery is scary for anybody , but for Joe , it is potentially the most terrifying thing he 's ever encountered . Joe is a recovering heroin addict . He 's been clean for more than five years , but the thought of anything affecting his sobriety -- particularly opioid painkillers after surgery -- is something he is n't willing to risk . "  Opiates made me feel like I was the greatest human being possible . Protected , cared for , loved -- all internally , " he said . "  So I started my path on opiates and abused them , which ultimately lead me to heroin . " "  I 'm terrified that if I have an opiate , will it trigger this kind of sleeping demon inside of me ? " Joe 's fears are n't unfounded . "  I recently met a woman who was 10 years sober , and she had breast cancer , " he said . "  She was given Percocet for the pain , and she ended up relapsing . Why does that have to be our reality ? " He 's determined to not let it become his reality , both for his own benefit , and to show other addicts they do n't have to fear a day where they need surgery . In 2009 , 605,000 Americans who were 13 and older reported abusing heroin in the preceding year , according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse . That same year , 16 million Americans "  misused prescription pain relievers , tranquilizers , stimulants or sedatives for nonmedical purposes , " according to that same report . Most of these nearly 17 million Americans will need surgery someday , and many of them will be prescribed opioid painkillers to combat post-operative pain . "  We do n't have exact numbers of the percentage of former addicts that are going back for surgery , but this is definitely a growing problem in America , " said Dr. Boris Spektor , assistant professor of anesthesiology and pain management at Emory University and the person who will be managing Joe 's pain throughout the process . "  As more and more people are using opioid substances for nonmedical reasons , and using them for medical reasons out of proportion for the dosages that they should be prescribed , it 's something we 're going to see a lot more of . " Joe 's specific plan for post-operative pain management has several facets , the first of which is a pre-operative nerve block . "  It 's a way of giving some numbing medication directly to the nerves that are going down to the shoulder , " said Spektor , "  and we 'll do that for as long as possible , because with each passing day , the pain is going to get better . " There is one problem -- Spektor says nerve blocks are usually inserted while the patient is awake to make sure they 're placed properly . Typically they would also give the patient a sedative to help with the pain and anxiety of the procedure , but Joe has abused all three of the medications they use for sedation . So he 'll be fully awake as Spektor pokes around in his shoulder to place the nerve block . Step two of Joe 's pain-management plan involves a cocktail of medications -- none of them drugs of abuse -- intended to reduce swelling , turn down the nerves ' pain signals and reduce Joe 's stress-response to pain . Step three involves going to Narcotics Anonymous and Alcoholics Anonymous meetings regularly before and after surgery . During step four , Joe will see a psychologist the day after surgery and regularly after that to ensure he stays on the right mental path . And just to add insult to injury , Joe has to go through this intense process twice -- once for each shoulder . "  In my head , it 's like -- OK , we 're going to go and visit hell , not just once , but twice , " he said . "  I feel like it 's somewhat of a cosmic joke on me . " But will these efforts pay off ? Will the plan work ? "  I think every patient is unique , " Spektor says . "  But I think Joe has an incredibly good psychological framework going on . He 's got a psychologist that 's definitely on board with him , he 's got a group of friends that are on board with him . He 's got NA and AA meetings that he goes to , and we have a medical framework that 's here for him . " "  With that combination , I think the likelihood of success is pretty good , but none of us known for sure . " Today marks the first day of the rest of Joe 's life . He 's dropping into a new type of circus , possibly as you read this . Today he rolls into the OR for the first of his two surgeries . "  I 'm fearful ; I 'm scared ; I do n't know what 's going to happen . I 'm jumping into a freezing cold pool , and I do n't know how I 'm gon na react , " he said days before the surgery . "  I can tell you what I 'm going to do , how I 'm going to think -- all of it 's untrue , because I wo n't know until I 'm there . When you 're met with pain , only then you 'll know how you 'll react to it . " Read more about Joe 's fears leading up to surgery	Joe Putignano 's career as an acrobat has left him in need of surgery Putignano is a recovering addict and fears pain meds after surgery will lead to a relapse A four-step pain management plan has been put in place for the contortionist
Tupelo , Mississippi  CNN  -- The nation knows James Everett Dutschke as the man accused of sending ricin-tainted letters to President Barack Obama and two other officials . But to people who live near him , he 's the guy whose alleged abuse of young girls turned their neighborhood upside down , according to one neighbor . And to a former coworker , he 's the "  genius " with a few odd quirks . Exactly who Dutschke is and why he might have taken the extreme step of sending toxic letters to Obama , a Mississippi senator and an official in Lee County , Mississippi , remained up in the air Monday as prosecutors began criminal proceedings against him for allegedly making the deadly toxin ricin and sending it through the mail . However , through court documents and conversations with people who knew him , a clearer picture is starting to emerge . Ricin suspect ordered held without bond Resume Dutschke appears to have a wide range of interests and has held a variety of jobs , most recently working as a martial arts instructor at a Tupelo , Mississippi , studio he ran . He once worked at an insurance company owned by the brother of a man initially arrested -- and then cleared -- in the same case in which Dutschke is now charged . According to the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal newspaper , he is a musician . Dutschke has registered several business ventures with state officials , all of which appear to be closed , according to a Mississippi Secretary of State database . In 2007 , he ran as a Republican for a state House seat against incumbent Democrat Rep. Steve Holland and lost 68 % to 27 % . Holland is the son of Lee County Judge Sadie Holland , who received one of the ricin-laced letters . "  We just want to move on , " Holland told CNN , adding that he wanted justice for his mother . "  This could have been devastating . Mom could have died had this taken the worst-case scenario . " In 2008 , Dutschke ran unsuccessfully as a Democrat for election commissioner in Lee County , according to the Daily Journal newspaper . Former suspect in ricin case : ' A train has been lifted off my shoulders ' Indecency allegations According to a grand jury indictment handed up this month and obtained by CNN , Dutschke is accused of molesting three girls under the age of 16 . He has repeatedly denied the charges in interviews with local media and pleaded not guilty in court this month . Dutschke closed his tae kwon do studio after the allegations were made public . Last year , residents in his Tupelo neighborhood sought police help after , one neighbor says , Dutschke repeatedly exposed himself to young girls . The case resulted in a conviction on indecent exposure charges and a 90-day jail sentence . He has appealed the conviction , according to the Daily Journal newspaper . "  He was pretty well terrorizing the neighborhood , " said neighbor Dennis Carlock , who said the Dutschke family rarely stepped outside their home . For Carlock , the fact that Dutschke is accused of sending a potentially lethal poison to public officials is secondary to what happened in his neighborhood . "  I do n't care how they got him , as long as they got him out of this neighborhood , " he said . Genius ? Carlock had almost exclusively bad things to say about Dutschke , with one exception : He said his neighbor is extremely smart . Apparently , Dutschke thought so too . He sometimes showed off a card from Mensa , a group for people with high intelligence quotients , according to Laura Curtis , who worked with Dutschke at the insurance company . "  A lot of the people in the office thought he was odd , " she said , adding that she liked him . "  I knew he was a genius , and you know how geniuses act a little different , " she said . CNN 's Vivian Kuo reported from Tupelo , Mississippi ; Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Dana Ford , Rich Phillips and Alina Machado contributed to this report .	James Everett Dutschke is accused of sending ricin-tainted letters to Obama and others He has denied the allegations in federal court Dutschke ran for political office and has had variety of jobs He has been accused of molesting three girls under the age of 16
CNN  Editor 's note : This story is part of a series highlighting superlatives of countries around the world . Click here for pieces on Italy , the United States , Canada and South Korea , and watch for upcoming installments featuring other countries . With 23 million people crammed onto an island that covers just more than 36,000 square kilometers , Taiwan ranks among the 20 most densely populated places in the world . Although the industrious island has built a global reputation for cheap electronics , this is one Asian tiger that offers far more than stickers on the backs of calculators . Economically there 's little it has left to prove , but Taiwanese people remain a proud and determined bunch . Here are 10 things they do better than anyone else . 1 . Night markets For an island smaller in area than Switzerland , Taiwan sure has a lot of night markets -- an estimated 300 island-wide . These open-air bazaars are particularly loved for street food , referred to locally as xiao-chi , literally "  small eats . " Perennial favorites are oyster omelets , stinky tofu and an assortment of snacks on a stick straight off the grill . Specialty drinks range from bubble tea to shots of snake blood . According to the Taiwan Tourism Bureau , some 70 % of tourists to Taiwan will visit a night market . The top three Facebook check-ins for 2013 in Taiwan were all night markets ; Tainan Flower Night Market  12th globally  nabbed the top spot , followed by Luodong and Feng Chia night markets in Yilan and Taichung , respectively . 2 . Themed restaurants If literal toilet humor  eating out of miniature urinals and toilet bowls  is your idea of an amuse bouche , Taiwan provides a belly full of laughs . Modern Toilet restaurants address taboos pertaining to dining etiquette , posing witty rhetoric on websites such as : "  To eat or to pee ? Now that is the question . " At the other extreme , you can get a cutesy overdose at a Hello Kitty namesake cafe , where everything from burger buns to soup bowls is shaped like the mouthless cartoon cat .  For more on the kitty obsession , read point 9 below . What 's that ? Ca n't get enough pink and glitter ? That 's OK , because Taiwan is home to the world 's first Barbie-themed restaurant , with Mattel-approved smotherings of pink plastic and frilly tutus . Previous themed restaurants in Taiwan have included a cafe based on an Airbus A380 , complete with trolly dollies serving food and drinks from a cart , as well as restaurants with jail , hospital and school-inspired themes . 3 . Free WiFi Since 2011 , Taiwanese citizens have been able to log onto iTaiwan , the island 's free WiFi network . Taiwan is one of the first places in the world to offer free WiFi on a mass scale . In June 2013 , the service was rolled out to tourists in four of the five largest cities , using more than 4,400 hotspots . Visitors can sign up for an iTaiwan account with their passport at Taiwan Tourism Bureau centers and offices in transportation stations , then receive complimentary WiFi in Taipei , New Taipei , Taichung and Tainan . More : Taiwan offers free WiFi to all foreign tourists 4 . Chinese artifacts You might think it 'd be in Beijing or Shanghai , but the National Palace Museum in Taipei houses the largest collection of Chinese artifacts and artwork in the world . The impressive permanent collection comprises more than 650,000 items . Chinese history is told through bronze statues , jade carvings , calligraphy , lacquerware and other historical pieces -- many of which belonged to Chinese imperial families -- including an intriguingly life-like , meat-shaped stone and a jadeite cabbage . Despite several rounds of building expansion , only a fraction of the collection is on display  no more than 10,000 items at any one time  , making the museum worth returning to several times a year . 5 . Animated news With an army of about 400 animators , Next Media Animation  NMA  , a Taiwan-based animation studio , can turn any news story into a cartoon in as fast as 90 minutes  ` making-of ' video here  . More impressively -- the videos are usually satirical , outrageous and hilarious . The studio , created by a Hong Kong media tycoon , takes infotainment to another level . Founded in 2007 to create CGI-animated videos for news without real footage for Apple Daily News in Hong Kong and Taiwan , the talents of Taiwan 's animators were exposed to the world with the 2009 release of their hilarious video of what might have happened during Tiger Woods ' infamous car crash . In the video , now ex-wife Elin Nordegren chases Tiger Woods ' car with a golf club after finding out about Woods ' affair . After the video went viral , the company decided to service international audiences in Japanese and English . Some of the team 's most popular recent works include a video about the execution of Kim Jong-un 's uncle and a review of five stories that must die in 2014 . 6 . Mock meat One of the world 's most vegetarian-friendly destinations , Taiwan offers 6,000 or so restaurants serving an impressive variety of delicious vegetarian fare to feed the 10 % of the country that shuns meat . But while it ca n't beat India in terms of the abundance and variety of vegetarian dishes on offer , Taiwan is the best place to hit when you 're craving meat but do n't actually want to eat any . That 's right , we 're talking about mock meat . Given how important flesh is to the traditional Chinese diet , it 's no surprise Taiwan 's fake meat -- usually made of soy protein or wheat gluten -- can fool even hardcore carnivores . Yes , there have been scandals that revealed actual meat inside supposed mock meat dishes . But it 's is a thriving industry here and is considered a staple across Taiwan . Mock meat stir-fries in particular taste surprisingly like the real thing . 7 . Little League baseball Baseball may be Taiwan 's most popular sport -- diamonds are almost as common as dumplings around the island . Taiwan holds the record for the most Little League World Series championship titles  17  , nearly double that of its closest runner-up , Japan . Adding to a cabinet of trophies , a team from Taiwan won the 2013 Junior League Baseball Junior World Series . 8 . National health coverage In a year when the Obamacare debacle played out in global headlines , it 's worth to noting that Taiwan has what many call the best universal healthcare system in the world . Legal residents can visit any specialist in the country . Docs anywhere will pull up their entire medical record via smart card , consult and prescribe Chinese medicine and/or prescription drugs . Fees are billed directly to and reimbursed by the National Health Insurance Administration , whose 2 % administrative costs are the lowest in the world . 9 . Hello Kitty obsession Taiwan 's obsession with the Japanese-born Sanrio character does n't stop at feline-themed restaurants . Taiwan holds the distinction of being the first in the world to be honored with Hello Kitty-branded beer . Brewed by Taiwan Tsing Beer , the drink purred its way onto the shelves earlier this year . The light brew features fruity flavors , from lime to a distinctly avant garde banana infusion . Eva Airways in 2013 made headlines with the resurrection of its themed planes , which feature the ubiquitous cat on everything from exterior liveries to headrest covers to fruit , which is cut in the shape of you know what . Eva Airways ' dedicated Hello Kitty Jets site offers horizon-expanding trivia , including Hello Kitty 's height  five apples tall  and weight  three apples  . The Grand Hi-Lai Hotel in Kaohsiung offers Hello Kitty-themed rooms , the cat 's iconic ribbon and/or silhouette stamped on everything within eye  sore  's reach . Pink kitty curtains , kitty bath amenities , kitty tea set and a radio that plays Hello Kitty music are all involved . Not reaching for the insulin shot yet ? Then you can book a breakfast date with a talking and moving "  live " Hello Kitty . 10 . Little dumplings Yes , we recognize xiaolongbao as a delicacy homegrown in Shanghai , but Taiwan is slowly taking over the dumpling world , one broth-filled bite at a time . Starting from a single shop in Taipei , Din Tai Fung now serves its famed xiaolongbao in destinations as far flung as Australia , Thailand and the United States . Two of its Hong Kong branches have earned a coveted Michelin star , with the mothership Xinyi store in Taipei sneaking into the Miele Guide . Not bad for a chain restaurant , and not a "  fancy " one at that . When Tom Cruise visited Taiwan in 2013 , he joined in on the 18-pleats-per-dumpling action with a cooking class at the shop 's Taipei 101 branch . Even better ? CNN put Din Tai Fung at number two on its list of best franchises for travelers . With additional reporting by Hiufu Wong	About 70 % of Taiwan tourists will visit a night market Taipei houses a collection of 650,000 Chinese artifacts and art -- largest in the world Taiwan has won the most Little League World Series championships
CNN  -- How times have changed . More than 30 years ago , Irvin Kershner was announced as the director of "  The Empire Strikes Back , " the first sequel to "  Star Wars . " Kershner was a curious choice -- a director of documentaries , star vehicles and TV episodes -- but in the days before the Internet , the announcement raised hardly a fuss . On the other hand , last week J.J. Abrams -- a seemingly unimpeachable choice , with his producing , directing and writing experiences on "  Lost , " "  Fringe , " "  Super 8 " and the rebooted "  Star Trek " -- was announced as the director of the forthcoming "  Star Wars VII . " And the world went nuts . "  Another franchise for him to ruin , " a reader named "  hey " wrote on CNN 's Marquee blog . "  Lost sucked , cloverfield sucked and now the new star wars movies are going to suck worse than the last 3 , " added screen name "  horrible pick . " Whew . Can you imagine what kind of reaction Kershner would have gotten ? "  There would have been blood in the water , " says Shaun Rosado , a pop-culture blogger who puts out a weekly podcast called Shauncastic ! But that 's the world we live in now , says Suzanne Scott , a self-described "  fan-scholar " who teaches at Occidental College in Los Angeles . "  What I find so interesting is , when you talk about the online , 24-hour news cycle , you have these knee-jerk responses . It 's panic , " she says . "  It shows the power and pervasiveness of fan culture . " Rosado understands the concern . "  In the annals of geek history , there 's always been the argument : Which one is better , ` Star Wars ' or ` Star Trek ' ? And until this point , we 've never had a director sit down and do both of them , " he says . "  This is the first time , where we will literally have somebody who 's played both sides of the field , and I think a lot of nerds and geeks are a little bit terrified of that . " After 100 episodes , ` Fringe ' cast bids farewell Lucas 2.0 Since getting the job -- after initial reports he was n't interested -- Abrams has at least said all the right things . "  To be a part of the next chapter of the ` Star Wars ' saga ... is an absolute honor , " Abrams said in a statement released by Disney , which owns Lucas ' production company Lucasfilm . "  I may be even more grateful to George Lucas now than I was as a kid . " Moreover , Lucas has given his blessing . "  I 've consistently been impressed with J.J. as a filmmaker and storyteller , " Lucas said . "  He 's an ideal choice to direct the new ` Star Wars ' film , and the legacy could n't be in better hands . " Certainly Abrams would seem a logical selection . He 's kind of a "  Lucas 2.0 , " with his producing , directing and writing experience . "  Hate him or love him , here 's a guy who 's worked in multiple genres across multiple media and has his own production company -- which is way more established than George Lucas was when ` Star Wars ' came out , " says Dan Herbert , a film professor at the University of Michigan . It 's good to be J.J. Abrams Abrams says the original 1977 film left a lasting impression on him . "  As a kid I was always a fan of special effects , " he told Entertainment Weekly in November . "  Watching movies I was constantly trying to figure out how they did it , whatever the effect was . ` Star Wars ' was the first movie that blew my mind in that way . " He added , "  It galvanized for me ; not for what was exciting about how movies were made , but rather for what movies were capable of . " "  Star Wars , " of course , has been capable of quite a lot . The first film invented the modern sci-fi blockbuster , observes Herbert , and helped redefine America 's movie-going habits . And over the years , the "  Star Wars " universe has spawned books , television shows , video games , parodies and -- above all -- an array of merchandise that has given the fans themselves control over the story . It 's the reason there 's such anger when Lucas , whose empire rests on "  Star Wars ' " foundation , decides to assert his authorship over the scriptures -- whether it 's maintaining that Han Solo was n't a cold-blooded murderer  "  Han shot first ! " goes a common refrain among fans , noting that the smuggler played by Harrison Ford actually shot the bounty hunter Greedo unchallenged  or creates a character such as Jar Jar Binks , the goofy , child-friendly Gungan who was called a "  Rastafarian Stepin Fetchit " by film critic Joe Morgenstern . In response to the annoyance with Binks , one fan created a Jar Jar-less version that 's come to be known as "  The Phantom Edit . " Scott says she believes the conflict arises from the "  old-media " Lucas clashing with a savvy , post-Internet fan base . "  Lucas had an analog approach -- ` It 's mine , I can do whatever I want , ' " she says . "  It 's almost borderline hostile . " The fans , on the other hand , have already taken "  Star Wars " places Lucas never imagined , and they were n't shy about expressing their dismay with the second trilogy of films , all of which were written and directed by Lucas . There 's something "  organic " about "  Star Wars , " says Scott , and Lucas tampered with that feeling when he made the newer films -- particularly thanks to his sometimes ham-fisted screenwriting . "  The  second trilogy  also feels synthetic in terms of plot , " says Scott , "  and most fans blame Lucas the screenwriter for that . " Bridging worlds The fans are n't the only ones . The general consensus on the first film 's script , also written by Lucas , was best summed up by Harrison Ford , who famously told the writer-director , "  George , you can type this s *** , but you sure as hell ca n't say it . " The scripts improved for the second and third films , "  Empire Strikes Back " and "  Return of the Jedi , " thanks to the participation of writers Lawrence Kasdan and Leigh Brackett . Rosado believes "  Star Wars VII , " which will feature a script by "  Little Miss Sunshine " and "  Toy Story 3 " screenwriter Michael Arndt , will make the new movie a must-see for fans as much as Abrams ' involvement will . " -LSB- Arndt -RSB- likes to develop characters , and that 's something that J.J. Abrams is also well-known for doing , " he says . "  If you look at the prequels , which a lot of fans malign , it 's because of that special attention that was n't given to  the characters  . " The new movie also gives the franchise a chance to reach a new generation -- something that was undoubtedly on Disney 's mind when the studio purchased Lucasfilm last year for $ 4 billion . Rosado foresees more synergy with Disney 's theme parks ; Herbert sees an opportunity to make the post - "  Star Wars " generation excited about the franchise , perhaps for the first time . ` Star Wars ' Episodes II and III in 3-D delayed Herbert has noticed that his current students , who were born in the early '90s , no longer find "  Star Wars " a touchstone . "  For them , there 's less specialness because the ripple effect of ` Star Wars ' had already taken hold , " he says . For these under-25s , the new film is "  about extending the life of the brand , because it does n't have a life right now . " And Abrams , the master of the reboot -- besides "  Star Trek , " he also directed "  Mission : Impossible 3 " -- may be just the guy to do it . At the very least , says Rosado , he and Arndt can provide a counterweight to Lucas and give "  Star Wars VII " a different attitude , with more fun and depth than the second trilogy had . After all , that 's what Kershner and Kasdan did with "  Empire , " which is widely considered the best of the six "  Star Wars " films . "  As much as I love the idea of George Lucas and all of his crazy concepts , he is at his best when someone else is realizing his vision for him , " he says . "  Empire " has that imprint , he says . So do the novelizations , comic books and video games . Regardless of what the future brings , Scott is trying to relax . The news about Abrams and Arndt has helped , but she 's been burned before . "  I 'm always going to keep my guard up , ever since the prequels , " she says . Perhaps the Empire is listening this time .	On January 25 , Disney announced J.J. Abrams would direct new "  Star Wars " Fans came down pro or con ; many are concerned about Abrams ' "  Star Trek " ties Latest frenzy symbolic of battle between fans and George Lucas Who owns the "  Star Wars " universe ? It 's become part of the culture
CNN  -- Syrian warplanes reportedly targeted Iraq this week . Scores of civilians were killed at markets and gas stations in Anbar province Tuesday , local leaders told CNN . A militant group called ISIS , the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , has been pushing into Iraq , shaking the country , its leadership and , in turn , threatening the region . But what does it mean that Syria reportedly is now attacking its neighbor ? Here are some answers to get you up to speed : What does ISIS want , and how is that related to Iraq and Syria ? ISIS includes mostly Sunni militants who want to create an Islamic state across Sunni areas of Iraq and Syria . In the towns it controls in Syria , it has imposed Sharia law . Women must be covered , music is prohibited , girls and boys must not mingle at school . The group 's tactics are so ruthless even al Qaeda has distanced itself . For example , ISIS kidnapped more than 140 Kurdish schoolboys in Syria last month and forced them to take daily lessons in radical Islamic theory , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based monitoring group . The militant group was born in Iraq , initially called the Islamic State of Iraq , an umbrella organization headed by al Qaeda . The group 's leader , Abu Bakr al Baghdadi , served four years in a U.S. prison camp for insurgents , at Bucca in southern Iraq . He was released in 2009 . The Islamic State in Iraq relocated to Syria and eventually became known by its new name , the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . Is ISIS capable of getting what it wants ? Regrouping and strengthening in Syria , ISIS became well-financed and highly organized . Today , the group has grown large enough to divide the entire region along sectarian lines , experts say . ISIS has produced and attracted more jihadists and foreign fighters than the war in Iraq ever did . It has more suicide bombers at its disposal , more heavy weaponry and vehicles and more money than any other terrorist organization in the world . It also has launched an intensive and sophisticated media campaign with flashy videos directed at Westerners , enticing them to join the fight . ISIS has also employed a classic guerilla warfare tactic -- the militants live among civilians . It would be difficult to target these militants in general strikes without injuring or killing innocent people . Why would Syria reportedly bomb Iraq now ? Bashar al-Assad 's regime knows where ISIS bases are inside Syria , but its response to ISIS has been fairly muted for months . The existence of ISIS has helped to justify the Syrian government 's often-used line that it is fighting "  terrorists , " and opposition activists have long accused the regime of allowing the group to operate and grow , pointing to the government 's constant barrel bombing of civilian neighborhoods in places such as Aleppo , while ISIS positions remain largely untargeted . But since the militant group has taken over large parts of northern Iraq recently , Syria has intensified its targeted campaign of ISIS positions , particularly in Raqqa , Syria , where ISIS has operated its headquarters for some time . Damascus denies bombing positions in Iraq , but several sources , including an eyewitness and the head of the Anbar provincial council , said Syrian warplanes launched this week 's strikes . CNN is seeking a response from the Syrian government . It 's unlikely al-Assad anticipated that ISIS would achieve such impressive and significant victories in Iraq . The only weapon Syrians have in the border area is air power ; Syrian ground forces pulled out long ago . Bombing Iraq now serves to clip ISIS ' wings a little . Map : Where ISIS has taken control in Iraq How are the Iraqi and Syrian conflicts linked ? Under Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , the Iraqi government has gradually become closer to the Syrian regime . They share allies such as Iran and Hezbollah and enemies such as al Qaeda , ISIS , Sunni extremists and Saudi Arabia , too . The old colonial borders in the region are disappearing , and a conflict is emerging that is more Sunni versus Shiite . Al-Maliki , some experts said , stoked that sectarian tension even more in a speech Wednesday in which the Shiite leader slammed Sunnis . He blamed his political rivals for "  coordinating " the crisis in Iraq and accused Sunnis of collaborating with militants . See : Al-Maliki changes tune on unity government What are the Iraq military 's shortcomings ? Iraq is using its air force -- what 's left of it -- to fight back against ISIS . Iraq has initiated airstrikes , but targeting the group means putting a scope on constantly moving targets . ISIS uses pickups , not tanks . Without precise intelligence from the ground , battling ISIS is tough . And it 's critical to remember that Iraq lost virtually all its air power with the 2003 U.S. invasion . The Iraqi army crumbled in the face of ISIS ' advances . The governor of Kirkuk told CNN that the Iraq force is a "  checkpoint army , " meaning that it is able to set up and run checkpoints but is n't sophisticated enough to fight ISIS cells . The Iraqi army also tends to use a counterproductive strategy of rounding up individuals as a method of control , aggravating the local population . Finally , the Iraqi military is up against a terror organization more powerful than anything that the U.S. military was battling and struggled to overcome . Why has U.S. air power not been used against ISIS in Iraq ? Many experts believe that U.S. airstrikes in Iraq are far too risky and might not deliver the results the United States wants . Again , consider that ISIS is mixed among the civilian population . Airstrikes may kill innocent people . And there are logistical questions that have to be answered . Where would the air power come from ? Bases in Turkey perhaps ? Would Turkey give its green light ? Also , some in Iraq perceive that the United States put al-Maliki in power and supported his regime for years , and U.S. interference with air power might not be welcomed . The United States has to worry about Iran , too . U.S. strikes in Iraq could undermine progress Iran and the United States have made on the issue of nuclear weapons . Also , ISIS is not the only group fighting to gain control of Iraq . Sunni insurgent groups that were active during the U.S.-led invasion have also joined in the battle . Sunni tribal leaders all oppose al-Maliki and view him and his Shiite-dominated government as a bigger threat to the country than ISIS . Members of insurgent groups not aligned with ISIS could be killed , possibly creating a new set of enemies . Any U.S. airstrikes in Iraq could further deepen the divide if there 's a perception the action was done to bolster al-Maliki 's government . It could also further alienate Sunni groups whose support eventually will be needed for any sort of political process to succeed in the country . Op-ed : How ISIS threatens the wider world CNN 's Nic Robertson , Mohammed Tawfeeq and Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report .	ISIS wants to create an Islamic state across Sunni areas of Iraq and Syria Syrian response to ISIS inside its borders has been fairly muted until now But Syrian regime bombed ISIS positions in Syria recently and reportedly bombed in Iraq
Gaza City  CNN  -- Israel 's ground incursion into Gaza , which it says is intended to destroy Palestinian militants ' tunnels and stop rocket fire into Gaza , has entered its fifth day with the death toll mounting on both sides and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arriving in Egypt . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , a veteran Middle East correspondent , puts the incursion into perspective . How does this incursion compare to previous ones by Israel into Gaza , in terms of military force ? Unlike 2008/09 , this incursion seems to be focused on areas with high concentrations of people , initially focusing on the Gaza City neighborhood of Shaja'ia . In ' 08/09 the focus was on areas where rockets were being fired , which were typically away from highly populated communities . And of course at this stage , it 's unclear how many Palestinian casualties there have been in these locations . The people have been warned by the Israelis to leave these areas with phone messages , but while many have left , a significant proportion has stayed behind . My impression is that Israel has mobilized a much larger military force than in 2008/09 and in 2012 . This is part of the picture of the Israelis going into heavily populated areas -- which is a much more dangerous operation , as can be seen by the deaths of at least 13 Israeli soldiers on Sunday . Is Israel likely to achieve its objective of destroying the tunnels , and stopping the rocket strikes ? So far , Israel has n't been wildly successful in its stated mission . Since this started , Hamas has been using tunnels in an attempt to ambush and capture soldiers and continues to fire rockets at Israel , although the number fired has gone down . What we see is that as Israel 's capabilities have changed , so have Hamas ' . Whenever Israel comes up with new tactics , Hamas and other factions seem to find new ways to counter them , such as by using longer-range rockets to fire at Israel , for example . What is significant now is that Hamas fighters appear to be better trained , with a new set of skills that I do n't think Israel anticipated . One Israeli soldier who came out of Shaja'ia was quoted in an Israeli publication that Hamas is fighting like Hezbollah , which waged a successful guerrilla war against Israel 's occupation in the 1980s and 1990s , and inflicted high casualties on Israeli forces during the 2006 war between Hezbollah and Israel in Lebanon . The last serious street fighting I saw in Gaza was in early 2008 , and it was almost like it was "  amateur hour , " with fighters in Gaza parading around with their weapons but not really able to stop the Israeli forces . Now it appears they 've learned they must keep a much lower profile . They 've developed what could be called commando tactics , and are taking full advantage of their knowledge of their turf . How long do you believe this incursion will last ? How soon before it realistically is better described as a war ? This is now a war , in my modest opinion -- it 's gone beyond a mere incursion . Hamas shows no sign of backing down , and did n't jump at Egypt 's cease-fire proposal . They want to show that they 're a military force to be reckoned with , and are in it for the long run . Israel 's defense minister said it would take two or three days to destroy the tunnels . If this crisis is to end soon , Israel will have to pull back and Hamas needs to stop firing rockets . In Hamas ' opinion , they have achieved one of their objectives , which is to give Israel a bloody nose . They claim to have captured an Israeli soldier -- as yet this is unconfirmed -- but if true , it would be a huge feather in their cap , in their own terms . When Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit was captured by Hamas in a June 2006 raid near the Israel-Gaza border , it took five years before he was freed , in exchange for more than 1,000 Palestinian prisoners -- so , if true , this will be a huge bargaining chip for Hamas . Will the death toll already suffered by Israel have a serious impact on public opinion in Israel ? Israelis are used to this sort of death toll from Hezbollah , but not from Hamas . I was on the streets of Gaza on Sunday night , when Palestinians celebrated the claims that an Israeli soldier had been captured . Shortly afterwards , the guns on Israeli navy boats opened up . The immediate conclusion of everyone in the street was that this was Israel 's response to the capture of one of its soldiers . How much effect will the pressure/condemnation from the United Nations  and in the off-mic remarks from U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry  have ? I believe the U.N. remarks will have no effect in Gaza . There is a perception there that the U.N. "  talks but does n't walk " -- it 's toothless in other words . Hamas realizes it has few friends in the outside world . The remarks of the White House last week though will not go down well in Israel , I believe . And the comments of John Kerry on Sunday -- which left some wondering whether he was criticizing Israeli assurances that its ground offensive in Gaza would be limited -- indicate American patience may be wearing thin . After one of his deputies mentioned the latest number of Palestinian casualties , Kerry was heard to say , "  It 's a hell of a pinpoint operation . " It is estimated that 70 % of the more than 500 Palestinians killed in Israel 's assault have been civilians . Washington has tied itself to Israel , and that country 's right to self-defense , therefore the U.S. is going to feel some responsibility . Americans support Israel rhetorically , but this high Palestinian death toll is very problematic for the U.S. . This is why Kerry may be feeling uncomfortable -- he spent almost a year trying to forge a Mideast peace deal , and what 's he got to show for it now ? Kerry seeks Gaza cease-fire amid rising casualties Peter Wilkinson in London contributed to this report .	CNN 's Ben Wedeman says Hamas is a stronger force this time It has adopted commando-like tactics , he says There was cheering at reports of an Israeli solider captured U.S. has little to show for a year of trying to forge peace , he says
Gaziantep , Turkey  CNN  -- Al Qaeda has swept to power with the aim of imposing a strict Islamist ideology on Syrians across large swathes of Syria 's rebel-held north , according to a CNN survey of towns , activists and analysts that reveals an alarming increase in al Qaeda-linked control in just the past month . Al Qaeda-backed militants known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  are the predominant military force in northern Syria , according to activists and seasoned observers , and have a powerful influence over the majority of population centers in the rebel-held north . Rami Abdul Rahman , from the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , said : "  ISIS is the strongest group in Northern Syria -- 100 % -- and anyone who tells you anything else is lying . " CNN conducted dozens of interviews with activists , local and international observers and residents of the towns affected by ISIS in preparing this study . Many of the Syrians CNN spoke to talked anonymously for fear of angering ISIS , saying ISIS has in some areas made it a crime punishable by flogging to even say their name . The swift al Qaeda expansion poses a severe policy dilemma for the United States and its European allies who have long delayed their promised armed assistance to rebel groups as they struggled with fears that the weapons could end up in the hands of al Qaeda-backed extremists . Observers say the delay has provided a vacuum in the often chaotic rebel ranks that the organized and fearless Islamists have moved to fill . Many observers explain that the extent of ISIS 's discipline and resources -- they are said to have considerable cash at their disposal -- means that the other rebel groups operating in the north do not seek to confront them . Read more : Al Qaeda-linked group gains strength on NATO border Charles Lister , analyst at IHS Jane 's Terrorism and Insurgency Centre , said : "  Although not a numerically dominant force , ISIS is playing an increasingly pre-eminent role in the northern Syrian insurgency . "  Much of this is a result of its capability to exploit superior levels of financing and resources -- essentially , to spread itself thinly enough to exert influence and/or control , but not too thin as to be overpowered by rivals . " Most activists point to a clear strategy by ISIS -- which aims to dominate a large swathe of the north from the north-western town of Idlib to the north-eastern city of Raqqa and beyond -- of focusing on population centers on the edges of rebel-held territory and slowly choking off central areas . Some ISIS figures have described a broader aim of trying to link the Sunni province of Anbar in Iraq to the Mediterranean coast , near the Syrian town of Latakia . There are a number of smaller towns in northern Syria which -- activists and residents have told us -- are controlled entirely by ISIS : Keftin , Tal Rifat , Azaz , Ad Dana , Dar Ta Izzah , Binnish , Raqqa , Ma'arrat Misrin , Jarablus and Al-Bab . The survey has established that ISIS also has a presence -- which is often hard for other rebel groups to challenge -- in the following towns : Sarmin , Salqin , Hraytan , Tabqa Dam , Hayyan , Al Eyramoon , Karm Al Meeyasir , Karm Al Qatarji , Al Atarib , Sarmada , Tal Halef , Menbij , Athimah , Maarat an-Numan , Saraqib and Ariha . Watch video : Secret jihadi smuggling route through Turkey While the main city of Aleppo remains in the control of a series of different rebel groups , ISIS has begun exerting control on key entry points into the city , and has recently gained control of the al-Sakhour neighborhood . The group is also gaining ground in controlling the northern access points to the city and territory in the rebel-held east . ISIS ' control around Idlib , another key city , is complicated by the regime 's continued presence there , but the group has established a foothold to the north east in Sarmin , is present in the town of Saraqib , and is in full control of Binnish , a key town to Idlib 's north . Their grip over the rebel town of Raqqa is considerably tighter than elsewhere , despite the continued presence of rival and even aligned rebel groups who do not seek to challenge them . The Washington Institute think-tank says ISIS ' grip on Raqqa makes it "  the largest city al Qaeda has ever controlled in the Islamic world . " CNN al Qaeda expert Peter Bergen said the Washington Institute assessment could be correct , given the nature of ISIS 's dominance in Raqqa , but pointed out that the U.S. Marine Corps admitted al Qaeda was in control of the Iraqi province of Anbar in 2006 , which contained , at the time , around a couple of million people , and so could technically be considered larger . In these ISIS-held areas , signs of the kind of Islamist society that the al Qaeda-backed militants seek to create have been swift to emerge ; one woman activist drew comparisons with the Taliban 's rule over Afghanistan . Rulings have been posted in some towns forbidding women to travel without a male relative and at certain times of the day , ordering them to cover up their hair with the traditional Islamic headscarf and not to wear trousers in public , and banning them from wearing make-up and seeking treatment from male doctors . Smoking and cameras have also been banned . Watch video : Al Qaeda 's growing influence in Syria On Sunday one northern town , Jarablus , saw a poster erected by ISIS threatening thieves with having their hand cut off -- an extreme form of punishment mandated by radical readings of Islamist , or Sharia , law . While many Syrians have described the initial approach of ISIS towards towns they seek to control as friendly and peaceful , often offering generous cash incentives to cooperate , they are increasingly brutal in dealing with their critics . One activist described how he was taken by ISIS militants from the town of Azaz and held in a blanket factory in Aleppo 's northern suburb of Hyratan . "  I was tortured , beaten . They hung me from the ceiling and used electricity on me . They kept trying to make me confess being a British spy , " he said , adding that the factory held 20 other prisoners , mostly from rival rebel brigades , and that the site was also used by ISIS to make bombs . ISIS have released a series of slickly-produced videos about their growing control , and some skeptics say they are promoting stories of their dominance to increase their power over local populations . Yet in recent weeks , many activists accept that ISIS ' genuine hold on the rebel north has escalated to the point where rival groups are unable to challenge them .	Al Qaeda-backed militants have taken control of towns in northern Syria Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  aims to impose a strict Islamist ideology Swift al Qaeda expansion poses tough dilemma for U.S. and its European allies
CNN  -- A JetBlue flight attendant whose fame took off after his dramatic exit down an emergency chute is is no longer employed by the airline . JetBlue spokeswoman Jenny Dervin told CNN on Saturday that Steven Slater no longer works for the airline . She said that the separation occurred last week , but declined to elaborate how Slater and the company parted ways . Slater became a hero to some after an August incident when , authorities said , he grabbed some beer and triggered an inflatable emergency chute from a plane at a JFK Airport terminal in New York . As of Sunday , Slater had amassed more than 210,000 "  fans " on a public Facebook page . The drama on the plane may have started before takeoff . "  A number of passengers were competing for overhead carry-on luggage areas , " Howard Turman , Slater 's attorney , has said . "  With great difficulty , they were shoving the bags around , attempting to get it in . Steven came over to assist and either the bag or the overhead  bin door  hit him in the head and at that point he suffered an injury . " Turman has also said a woman "  started cursing and -- based on the information -- slammed the overhead luggage bin on his head . " After various exchanges with the woman and a crew member , some passengers said , he grabbed some beer from the beverage cart before deploying the emergency slide and leaving . Turman has sharply denied a JetBlue passenger 's assertion that the flight attendant instigated the confrontation . JetBlue removed Slater from duty following the incident and launched an internal investigation . Slater has pleaded not guilty to charges of reckless endangerment and criminal mischief -- both felonies -- and criminal trespass . If convicted , he could face a maximum of seven years in prison . Slater has a court appearance scheduled for Tuesday . CNN 's Allan Chernoff and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Steven Slater is no longer employed by JetBlue He is famous for sliding down an emergency chute after an onboard incident Slater pleaded not guilty to reckless endangerment and criminal mischief
CNN  -- About 390,000 customers in the greater Chicago area were without power early Tuesday morning following massive storms that moved through the area a day earlier . Full restoration could take several days , said Judy Rader , a spokeswoman with the ComEd utility company . The swift , severe thunderstorms that wiped out power in Illinois on Monday also killed a 38-year-old man in Michigan when a tree in his backyard fell onto the garage where he and his family had sought shelter , officials said . The man 's wife and six children were unhurt , the Kent County , Michigan , Sheriff 's Department said . Across Michigan , about 96,000 customers were without power Monday evening , said Tim Pietryga , spokesman for Consumers Energy . CNN 's Maria White contributed to this report .	Hundreds of thousands of customers without power The storms also killed a man in Michigan The man 's wife and six children are unhurt , officials say
CNN  -- An Illinois woman walked away from a car crash that killed her husband , authorities believe , but they have found no trace of her other than footprints in the snow leading to a road . A search was in its third day Tuesday for Tanya Shannon , 40 , of Ransom , Illinois , according to the LaSalle County , Illinois , Sheriff 's Office . Ground operations began at 9 a.m. with air operations starting at noon , Sheriff Tom Templeton said . "  They 're looking , " he told CNN sister network HLN . "  They 're expanding their search area just a little . " Shannon was last seen along with her husband Dale Shannon , 41 , at a Christmas party Saturday night in Streator , about 17 miles west of Ransom , relatives told CNN affiliate WGN and the Chicago Tribune . "  They were dancing together , really cutting up a rug , " Dale Shannon 's sister Donna Baker , who was at the party , told the Tribune . She said the couple -- married 20 years with four daughters ages 4 to 15 -- left the party arm in arm . Her brother was sober , she told the newspaper , and was driving his wife 's car . About 1:45 a.m. Sunday , a deputy on patrol in a rural area of Brookfield Township found a one-car traffic accident , the sheriff 's office said in a statement . "  The deputy found a male occupant of the vehicle in the driver 's seat deceased , " the statement said . "  Evidence at the scene indicated that a second person was also in the vehicle at the time of the accident . Further investigation revealed that the second person was possibly the wife of the deceased driver . " The car slid backwards into a pole , Templeton said , with enough force to break the backs of both the front seats . A relative told the Tribune Dale Shannon 's back was broken . Footprints were reportedly found leading from the car to a nearby road . But there , Tanya Shannon 's trail ends . "  There 's nothing for us to believe there 's any issues other than exactly what happened , a traffic accident that claimed her husband 's life , that she was at least able for a period of time to walk away from and move up to the roadway , " the sheriff said . "  And once she was on the roadway , that 's where we lost track of her . " He said he could n't speculate on whether or how badly Tanya Shannon was injured in the crash . "  She was at least able to get up to the road , " he said . Police have her cell phone , he said . Police have not ruled out the possibility that Tanya Shannon was picked up by someone . But "  if she was able to walk and able to move , how come she has n't contacted any of her family ? " Templeton told WGN . Tanya Shannon was last seen wearing a red dress -- described by the Tribune as a ball gown -- and a gray fleece hooded jacket , police said . The dress should have made her easy to spot in the rural , snowy landscape . "  We were told from the family she was an extremely loving mother , " Templeton told the Tribune . For her to just leave with no warning "  would be incredibly out of character , " Templeton said . "  To be out in the elements as they were that night , dressed only as she was , it 's very doubtful that you can survive terribly long . " The crash site was remote , Templeton told the newspaper . A nuclear power plant lies to the north , but the area is surrounded by farmland . "  It 's crazy , " Baker told WGN . "  We 're holding on to every ounce of hope we have , just to hope for  a  safe return . ... It 's been like a nightmare you ca n't wake up from . If anybody has anything , seen anything , please , please contact us , because these four girls need something . " Search and rescue operations have so far involved dogs and aircraft from the Illinois State Police , along with more than 50 searchers , according to WGN and the sheriff 's office . Tanya Shannon is described as being 5 feet 2 inches tall and weighing 125 pounds , with shoulder-length strawberry-blond hair and green eyes , according to the sheriff 's statement . She also wears glasses . It 's very mysterious what might have happened to Tanya , " Baker told the Tribune . "  We checked the area hospitals and nothing , so we do n't know if someone picked her up and took her somewhere . We just do n't know . " Templeton said he 's never seen a case like this in his 12 years as sheriff . "  Anything that 's even remotely close has been gone over several times , " he told the newspaper . Anyone with information regarding Tanya Shannon 's whereabouts is asked to contact the LaSalle County Sheriff 's Office . Ransom is about 70 miles northeast of Peoria , Illinois .	Search for Tanya Shannon stretches into third day Her husband died in a car crash early Sunday Footprints thought to be hers were found leading to a road
A Lowndes County , Georgia , assistant district attorney has ordered a communications company to hand over Internet records after investigators received an anonymous e-mail claiming an ex-schoolmate reportedly confessed to killing Kendrick Johnson . CNN obtained the e-mail and the subpoena on Monday , in response to a state Open Records Act request submitted to the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office . The anonymous e-mail tip is dated January 27 . The sender of the e-mail does not suggest he or she personally witnessed a confession ; instead , the sender claims to have been told information by somebody who purportedly was aware of a confession in the 2013 death by one of the people implicated in the e-mail . Johnson 's body was found in a rolled-up mat in the Lowndes High School gymnasium on January 11 , 2013 . Investigators with the sheriff 's office ruled his death accidental , concluding that Johnson climbed into the center of the gym mat to reach for a shoe and got stuck . Feds subpoena schoolmates amid probe into teen 's death According to an incident report provided to CNN by the sheriff 's office , investigators interviewed two of four students identified by name in the anonymous e-mail on January 28 . Both students acknowledged they knew the 17-year-old Johnson but denied any involvement in his death . The incident report does not indicate whether the investigators attempted to speak with the two other students identified in the e-mail . CNN is not naming the students mentioned in the e-mail because none of them has been named a suspect in the death of Johnson . Lowndes County sheriff 's investigators concluded Johnson got stuck while reaching for a shoe at the center of the mat and that his death was accidental . The state 's medical examiner agreed , citing "  positional asphyxia " as the cause of death . Kenneth and Jacquelyn Johnson believe their son was beaten to death and officials are "  covering up a murder . " An independent pathologist , hired by Johnson 's parents , concluded Johnson 's death was the result of a homicide after finding evidence of "  unexplained apparent non-accidental blunt force trauma " to Johnson 's neck . "  If anybody has any information of a different opinion that they can provide to us , we 're certainly open to looking at that . We 're not closed-minded on this , " Lt. Stryde Jones , supervisor of the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office 's Investigative Division told CNN in May . The sheriff 's office has received many public comments regarding Johnson 's death since it closed its case on May 2 . The grand jury subpoena is the first document provided to CNN that suggests the department has acted on any of those public comments . "  Although our case has been closed , if evidence comes forward , specifically testimony , then we 're open to hearing that and certainly we 'll act accordingly , " Lt. Jones said . Chief Assistant District Attorney Bradfield Shealy issued the subpoena to Mediacom Communications Corporation on January 28 . The New York-based cable , phone and Internet provider was ordered to provide the Lowndes County grand jury with subscriber information associated with the e-mail sent through the Lowndes County sheriff 's office 's website or submit the documents to the district attorney 's office or Lt. Jones before February 26 . According to a Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office incident report , the subpoena was faxed to Mediacom on February 7 . The company intends to comply with the order . However , a Mediacom employee told CNN by phone Wednesday that Mediacom has not received the subpoena . Last week , students from Lowndes High School and nearby Valdosta High School were among those who appeared before a federal grand jury in Macon , as part of the Department of Justice 's investigation into Johnson 's death . The U.S. attorney for the Middle District of Georgia , Michael Moore , launched the federal probe October 31 .	Kendrick Johnson 's body was found in a rolled-up mat in his high school gym The teen 's death more than a year ago was ruled an accident CNN obtains an e-mail sent anonymously claiming reports of confession in the death The anonymous e-mail to the sheriff 's department sparks a subpoena for Internet records
CNN  -- A man caught on camera beating a woman in front of her child has pleaded not guilty to first-degree attempted murder , Essex County prosecutors say . Shawn Custis , 42 , allegedly forced his way into a Millburn , New Jersey , home around 10 a.m. on June 21 and brutally beat the woman while her child sat motionless on a nearby couch . He fled the house with an undetermined amount of jewelry , Millburn police said . The entire episode was caught on the family 's home security camera . Custis is also charged with first-degree robbery , second-degree burglary and two counts of endangering the welfare of a child , said Katherine Carter , a spokeswoman for the Essex County Prosecutor 's Office . In the home video obtained by CNN affiliate WABC , Custis repeatedly punches the woman in the face while her child watches nearby . He throws her to the floor , chokes her , kicks her multiple times and throws her down a flight of stairs . He does not hurt the child . After he leaves , the woman goes upstairs to retrieve another child and waits with her two children for police to arrive . The woman who was beaten told CNN affiliate News 12 New Jersey that she made a conscious decision to try to remain silent in an attempt to protect her daughter . "  I knew that if I started screaming , my daughter would too , and I was afraid that she would get hurt . I took it . I did n't cry the entire time , " she said . The woman was later taken to an area hospital , where she was treated for injuries to her face and legs , police said . Custis was arrested Friday in New York City by the FBI Fugitive Task Force and detectives from the Essex County Prosecutor 's Office . He was taken to the Essex County Detention Center , where he remained until his arraignment Tuesday . CNN 's attempts to reach an attorney representing Custis were unsuccessful . Millburn is a small suburban community about 10 miles west of Newark . No court date has yet been set , Carter said .	Shawn Custis , 42 , is accused of forcing his way into home , taking jewelry He 's seen on security camera video beating a woman near her child , prosecutors say Custis is charged with burglary , attempted murder , robbery and child endangerment The woman was treated at a hospital for injuries to her face and legs , police say
CNN  -- Michael Jackson was an international superstar , and many in the black community herald him for breaking down racial barriers in the music industry . Michael Jackson was one of the first black global superstars . "  Michael Jackson made culture accept a person of color way before Tiger Woods , way before Oprah Winfrey , way before Barack Obama , " said the Rev. Al Sharpton . "  Michael did with music what they later did in sports and in politics and in television . And no controversy will erase the historic impact . " As the Jackson 5 , Michael Jackson and his brothers "  became a cutting-edge example of black crossover artists , " said Mark Anthony Neal , a professor of black popular culture at Duke University 's Department of African and African American Studies . "  You basically had five working-class black boys with Afros and bell bottoms , and they really did n't have to trade any of that stuff in order to become mainstream stars , " Neal said . Young Michael Jackson was the first black "  bubblegum teen star " in the vein of Monkees singer Davy Jones , Neal said . Jackson continued as a pioneer in the black culture when he broke barriers by appearing on MTV , and by breaking sales records with the 1982 album , "  Thriller . " Timeline : The life of a "  King " " "  At the time that he releases ` Thriller , ' I always argue that MTV was arguably the best example of cultural apartheid in the United States , " Neal said . The former president of CBS Records , Walter Yetnikoff , remembered with scorn that MTV would not play "  Billie Jean " or "  Beat It " because it billed itself as a rock station . Looking back on that era , a 1991 Los Angeles Times article quoted MTV founder and then-CEO Robert Pittman as saying the channel 's format did n't lend itself to other musical styles , including R&B and country . And Pittman accused his critics of attempting to impose their musical pluralism on the channel 's die-hard rock fans . But Yetnikoff said he threatened to pull videos of his other artists unless MTV played Jackson 's videos . Watch Yetnikoff talk about getting Jackson 's videos played " Soon Jackson 's videos were heavily in rotation on MTV . Showcasing a black artist paved the way for the popular show , "  Yo ! MTV Raps , " and other black artists , Neal said . In turn , Jackson became one of the first African-Americans to be a global icon . He also influenced a new generation of black musicians , including Usher , Ne-Yo and Kanye West , according to Joycelyn Wilson , a professor of African-American studies at Morehouse College , who specializes in popular culture and hip-hop studies . Slideshow : Michael Jackson and his music " Changing appearance Jackson 's changing physical appearance in the past two decades led to criticism he was trying to be less black . "  Here 's a man who started off looking very typically African-American and ended up looking like something few people would have recognized early in his career . His nose was trimmed , his lips were different ... his skin was different , " said Cheryl Contee , who writes as Jill Tubman on Jack & Jill Politics , a blog centered on African-American issues . "  The only thing that seemed to almost stay the same were his eyes , " said Contee , who also called Jackson "  a genius and more than a trailblazer . " "  I think -LSB- it -RSB- troubled a lot of people that he left his skin color behind and seemed somehow to be ashamed of who he was -LSB- when -RSB- he was born , " Contee said . But during a 1993 interview with Oprah Winfrey , Jackson shot down rumors that he was dying his skin to make it lighter . He told the talk show host that he had vitiligo , a disorder that destroyed his skin pigmentation . Black popular culture professor Neal said Jackson 's physical changes did not reflect his life on the whole . "  I think if you solely pay attention to Michael Jackson 's physicality , you actually miss something that 's much more complex . ... Michael Jackson artistically and aesthetically never turned his back on blackness . His work was always in conversation with black culture both in the United States and more globally , " said Neal . Neal said Jackson 's changes were not to deny blackness , nor to become more white . "  This was somebody who most of his career we read as being asexual . And I think that many of the changes to his face , particularly his skin tone , he was almost trying to achieve an a-raciality , " said Neal . Contee upset some commenters on her blog when she highlighted both the positive and negative aspects of Jackson 's life , or what she termed his "  mixed legacy . " "  Some people were very offended that I would dare to mention some of the unfortunate aspects of his later years , " she said . "  But others -LSB- acknowledged -RSB- that they had mixed feelings about his legacy and what that meant to African-Americans . "	Jackson 5 went mainstream and maintained black identity , professor says MTV did n't play videos of black artists before Jackson Expert : Despite his changing appearance , he was always in touch with black culture
CNN  -- Before he died this year , a 14-year-old boy wanted to do something for his community . That 's why Martin Romero asked the Make-A-Wish Foundation to donate his wish to improve the local baseball fields that were his second home . Martin was diagnosed with stage IV brain cancer last fall , his parents told CNN affiliate KRQE . Originally , he wanted to skydive for his wish . "  Because of his tumor , they would n't allow that , " mom Cindy Romero said . "  He would have had to get permission from his physicians . " When his condition worsened in January , Martin decided he wanted to upgrade the Albuquerque , New Mexico , fields where he had played baseball since he was 6 years old . Make-A-Wish donated $ 2,000 for improvements at South Valley Little League Baseball Field . Martin died in January , before he could see the renovated fields . His father said the new asphalt between fields makes it easier for people using wheelchairs , walkers or strollers to watch the games up close and support their teams . A painting of the young man was also added at the park . "  It 's a situation where you ca n't even walk up and not shed a tear , " John Romero said . "  Just remembering him on the field . " This week , the Bernalilllo County Commission will consider renaming one of the fields after him . If the commission approves the naming , a county naming and memorial committee will make the final decision .	Martin Romero was diagnosed with cancer last fall The teen wanted to improve the baseball fields he loved He died in January before the improvements were finished
Minnesota Vikings star running back Adrian Peterson learned Tuesday he will be suspended without pay for the rest of the 2014 NFL season , according to an NFL statement . Peterson intends to appeal . Peterson will not be reinstated before April 15 because he violated the league 's personal conduct policy "  in an incident of abusive discipline that he inflicted on his four-year-old son last May , " the league said . Peterson has been on the exempt/commissioner 's permission list -- which kept him off the field , with pay -- since September after allegations he disciplined his son too harshly with a "  switch " or thin stick . Initially charged with felony child abuse , Peterson pleaded no contest to misdemeanor reckless assault this month . "  The timing of your potential reinstatement will be based on the results of the counseling and treatment program set forth in this decision , " NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said in a letter to Peterson . "  Under this two-step approach , the precise length of the suspension will depend on your actions . We are prepared to put in place a program that can help you to succeed , but no program can succeed without your genuine and continuing engagement . " His reinstatement also hinges on his rehabilitation , how he cares for his children and whether he commits further violations of the law or league policy , the letter stated . "  We respect the league 's decision and will have no further comment at this time , " the Vikings said in a statement . NFLPA claims ` credibility gap ' Peterson will appeal the decision , the NFL Players Association said in a statement . The NFLPA further said the discipline imposed on Peterson is "  inconsistent " and it will "  demand that a neutral arbitrator oversee the appeal . " The NFL 's decision demonstrates that a "  credibility gap ... exists between the agreements they make and the actions they take , " the NFLPA said . Since Peterson 's case was adjudicated , the league has ignored its obligations and tried to impose an arbitrary form of discipline on the running back , the NFLPA said . "  The facts are that Adrian has asked for a meeting with Roger Goodell , the discipline imposed is inconsistent and an NFL executive told Adrian that his time on the Commissioner 's list would be considered as time served , " the statement said . Peterson has not played since September 7 , when the Vikings took on the St. Louis Rams in the first game of the season . As of Sunday , when the Vikings lost to the Chicago Bears , Peterson has missed nine games . A hearing will now be scheduled and Peterson -- with the counsel of a lawyer and the NFL Players Association -- can present evidence in support of his appeal . He will remain on the commissioner 's exempt list until the appeal has run its course . Aggravating circumstances According to the NFL , Goodell has established a "  baseline discipline " of six games without pay for first-offense assault , battery or domestic violence , but he cited aggravating circumstances in Peterson 's case : -- The child was only 4 , and while an adult can flee , fight back or call the police when experiencing abuse , those options are n't available to a child ; -- The child suffered psychological trauma stemming from the "  criminal physical abuse at the hands of his father " ; -- "  The repetitive use of a switch " is tantamount to a weapon in the hands of someone with the strength of a pro athlete ; -- Peterson showed "  no meaningful remorse " and publicly said he would not "  eliminate whooping my kids . " He also sent text messages to the child 's mother defending his actions , which raises concerns that he does n't understand the seriousness of his conduct and may do it again in the future . Though Peterson dodged jail time with his no-contest plea , he received probation , community service and a $ 4,000 fine , but the league said it would still review the case under its personal conduct policy . Case reviewed ; Peterson absent The NFL met to review his case Friday , but Peterson did not attend , saying in a statement that he "  would n't participate in a newly created and non-collectively bargained pre-discipline ` hearing ' that would include outside people I do n't know and who would have roles in the process that the NFL would n't disclose . " He did , however , attend via teleconference a Monday hearing aimed at determining if he could be taken off the commissioner 's exempt list . The Monday hearing was in accordance with the collective bargaining agreement , Peterson said . The NFL says it requested that Peterson provide information so it could evaluate the case under its personal conduct policy , but the player provided only "  some of the court papers relating to his November 4 plea agreement . " The league requested the information again from the NFLPA on November 11 , but Peterson submitted only "  the name of a professional with whom Peterson has consulted during the past two months , " the league said . "  Your plea agreement in Texas , and the related violation of the Personal Conduct Policy , arise out of abusive injuries that you inflicted on your son earlier this year , " Goodell said in his letter to Peterson . "  Based on public reports of your statements and photographs that were made public at the time of the indictment , you used a ` switch ' -- a flexible tree branch -- to punish your son , striking him in the ankles , limbs , back , buttocks , and genitals , leaving visible swelling , marks , and cuts on his body and risking severe and long-term damage . The visible injuries were such that a local pediatrician in Minnesota , upon examining your son , felt obligated to make a child abuse report to the police . " Lesson not learned ? Not only did a grand jury indict Peterson on a felony charge because he "  overstepped the bounds of acceptable corporal punishment , " Goodell wrote , but it also "  appears that this is not the first time that you have punished children in this way . Public statements attributed to you indicate that you believe that this kind of discipline is appropriate and that you do not intend to stop disciplining your children this way . " In explaining his client 's behavior ahead of court proceedings , defense attorney Rusty Hardin told media outlets that his client used a switch to dole out discipline much like Peterson himself "  experienced as a child growing up in East Texas . " Goodell has directed Peterson to meet with April Kuchuk , an instructor in the New York University department of psychiatry and a forensic consultant to the New York City District Attorney 's offices and New York courts , by December 1 , the NFL said . Kuchuk will develop a counseling and therapy program for Peterson , according to the league statement . "  Dr. Kuchuk states that two evidence-based forms of therapy have been shown to contribute to reducing the risk of future abusive behavior in child abuse cases : first , therapy that addresses parenting your children , in particular those who do not live with you , using a modality called parent-child interactive therapy ; and second , cognitive-behavioral therapy that teaches the effects of abusive behavior on children and how it traumatizes them , " the statement said . Suspension could be longer ? Goodell told Peterson he will establish periodic reviews , beginning April 15 , to make sure he is meeting the program requirements and is committed to making sure nothing like this happens again . If Peterson does n't cooperate or follow the plan , the suspension may be extended , Goodell warned . It 's also imperative that he follow the conditions of his plea agreement and avoid any other violations of the law or the league 's personal conduct policy , the commissioner said . "  The well-being of your children is of paramount concern , " Goodell wrote . "  In the absence of speaking to you to understand your current disposition toward child discipline , we can not be sure that this conduct will not be repeated . Moreover , we are unaware of any effort on your part to acknowledge the seriousness of your conduct and your responsibility to demonstrate a genuine commitment to change . "	Commissioner says Adrian Peterson 's son suffered "  criminal physical abuse " Peterson will appeal NFL decision to suspend him without pay for season Peterson had a felony child abuse charge lessened to misdemeanor reckless assault Goodell : Rehab , counseling , obeying law and league policy will dictate reinstatement
Friends of Claire Davis , the 17-year-old senior critically wounded in Friday 's shooting at a Colorado high school , are wondering why bad things happen to good people . Davis is in a struggle for her life at a hospital in Littleton , near Arapahoe High School , where a classmate shot her in the head . She remained in critical condition Sunday . "  She is stable , but is in a coma . The first responders got Claire to the right place , at the right time , and the doctors and hospital staff are doing a wonderful job taking care of her , " her family said in a statement . "  We appreciate your continued good thoughts and prayers , and will provide updates as her condition improves . " Among those praying for Davis is the family of Karl Pierson , the 18-year-old senior who police say shot her . In a statement released Monday afternoon , Barbara and Mark Pierson said Davis and her family "  have suffered unimaginably , and we pray for her full recovery . " "  As parents , we loved our son Karl dearly and we are devastated by what happened Friday . We can not begin to understand why Karl did what he did , " the Piersons said . They also offered prayers "  for the entire Arapahoe High School community , as we know your lives are forever changed by this horrific event . " Lessons of Columbine and other school shootings helped in Arapahoe Police say Pierson was looking for revenge against a librarian , but could n't find the faculty member and killed himself as a school resource officer closed in . Davis was just a random victim , police surmised , and the gunman and victim did n't even know each other . Davis ' classmates spoke well of her . They used words like spunky and bright . "  She was just a very sweet girl . She 's really smart , " August Clary told CNN affiliate KUSA . He said Davis loves to ride horses and "  would n't hurt a fly . " Hundreds of people attended a vigil for Davis on Saturday night . Katie Snively , a senior at Arapahoe , said it was important to honor and pray for Claire . Many people were tweeting to the hashtag #prayforclaire . "  Claire is a hero . our hero . she deserves to be rewarded not only with thanks , but with another chance at life , " Aidan Loughran wrote . "  Thank God for waking us up again and for keeping Claire through the night . Do n't forget to pray as we wake up this morning , " Jonathon Bailey tweeted Sunday . Davis ' father told CNN affiliate KMGH late Saturday that his daughter is "  not doing very well . " The station said doctors are worried about swelling to her brain , according to a family friend . School gunman acted ` weird ' at times	Gunman 's family offers prayers for surviving victim Claire Davis is stable , but in a coma , her family says The horse-loving senior "  would n't hurt a fly , " classmates say Davis did n't know the student who shot her in the head , police say
CNN  -- Jeanne Cooper , who played Katherine Chancellor , the "  Dame of Genoa City , " on "  The Young and the Restless , " has died . She was 84 . Her death was confirmed by her son , actor Corbin Bernsen , on his Twitter account . "  Mom passed this morning , " Bernsen posted . "  She was in peace and without fear . " Cooper had been suffering from an undisclosed illness . The cause of death was not given . Cooper was already a well-established TV actress when she took the role of Chancellor in 1973 . "  The Young and the Restless " was struggling in the ratings and its creator , William J. Bell , wanted to spice things up . "  Jeanne was the matriarch of the show in every sense of the word , " said Lauralee Bell , Christine/Cricket on "  The Young and the Restless " and William Bell 's daughter . "  When you did work you were proud of , you 'd hope for approval or a ` good job ' from Jeanne as a child would from a parent . When things got too tense , she 'd break the tension with her amazing wit . She would teach the younger actors without ever talking down to them . In fact , she would raise them up , " said Bell . "  She always had my back and my parents  and our whole family  always had hers . " Kate Linder , another member of "  The Young and the Restless " cast , said Cooper was her "  mentor and an amazing actress and friend . " Linder , Esther Valentine on the show , said , "  When Jeanne welcomed you into her life , you knew it and it was a fantastic feeling . This is truly the end of an era , not just for fans of ` The Young and the Restless ' but for all of the people she touched throughout her long and distinguished career and life . " Cooper 's character was colorful from the beginning : a drunk conducting a series of affairs with younger men , as well as one with the best friend of her husband , the wealthy Gary Reynolds . The character was an immediate hit and Cooper -- who had signed a three-year contract -- stayed on . Cooper was instrumental in another storyline 10 years later . In the early '80s the actress decided to undergo a face lift , so the show 's producers had Chancellor get a face lift as well -- it was performed on-screen . Chancellor was also part of a famed soap opera feud , in her case with Jill Abbott Fenmore  played since 1987 by Jess Walton  . At one point the two believed they were mother and daughter ; at another , the relationship warmed when Chancellor had a breast cancer scare . The two later became rivals again . And Chancellor also found herself victim of many classic soap opera twists : conniving suitors , long-lost relatives , multiple marriages and memory lapses . Cooper enjoyed all the twists and turns . "  I never wanted to be a movie star , " she said in an interview , according to Entertainment Weekly . "  I always wanted to be an actress , one of the best . And I am . " Cooper also appeared in episodes of "  Perry Mason , " "  The Man from U.N.C.L.E. " and "  The Twilight Zone . " Cooper married television producer Harry Bernsen Jr. in 1954 . The pair divorced in 1977 . Cooper is survived by three children , all actors : Corbin , Collin and Caren . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Jeanne Cooper played Katherine Chancellor on "  Young and the Restless " Cooper played role for 39 years Actress is mother of actor Corbin Bernsen "  She was in peace and without fear , " Bernsen tweeted
CNN  -- The global economic crisis has caused a spike in world hunger that has left more than a billion undernourished , United Nations agencies said in a new report . The report says the stabilization of financial markets has meant less investment in agriculture , food distribution . "  It is unacceptable in the 21st century that almost one in six of the world 's population is now going hungry , " said Josette Sheeran , executive director of the World Food Programme . "  At a time when there are more hungry people in the world than ever before , there is less food aid than we have seen in living memory . " The report by the WFP and the Food and Agriculture Organization was released Wednesday , ahead of World Food Day on Friday . Nearly all the world 's undernourished live in developing countries , according to the report . An estimated 642 million people are suffering from chronic hunger in Asia and the Pacific . An additional 265 million live in sub-Saharan Africa while 95 million come from Latin America , the Caribbean , the Near East and North Africa . The final 15 million live in developed nations . Should developed economies be doing more to eradicate hunger , poverty ? The number of hungry spiked as the global economic crisis took hold and governments pumped resources into stabilizing financial markets . The move meant smaller investments in agriculture and food distribution . "  World leaders have reacted forcefully to the financial and economic crisis , and succeeded in mobilizing billions of dollars in a short time period . The same strong action is needed now to combat hunger and poverty , " said Jacques Diouf , director-general of the FAO . "  The rising number of hungry people is intolerable . " The report calls for greater investment in agriculture to tackle long and short-term hunger by making farmers productive and more resilient to crises . "  We know what is needed to meet urgent hunger needs -- we just need the resources and the international commitment to do the job , " Sheeran said .	World Food Programme : One in six of world 's population is now going hungry Nearly all the world 's undernourished live in developing countries Number of hungry spiked as the global economic crisis took hold , report says Calls for greater investment in agriculture to tackle long and short-term hunger
CNN  -- New Liverpool manager Kenny Dalglish 's first taste of European football ended in a goalless draw with Sparta Prague in the Europa League . The Scot led the club to three titles and two FA Cups in his first stint as manager between 1985-91 but never competed in Europe due to a ban on English clubs . But his European debut wo n't live long in the memory in a game of few chances in the Czech Republic , though Liverpool will take a clean sheet back to Anfield for the return leg in a week 's time . Elsewhere , Belgian side Anderlecht lost 3-0 at home to Dutch neighbors Ajax . Toby Alderweireld , Christian Eriksen and Mounir El Hamdaoui all netting . Bayer Leverkusen , who are currently second in the German Bundesliga , took a commanding 4-0 lead over FC Metalist Kharkiv in Ukraine . Sidney Sam grabbed two goals with Gonzalo Castro and Erin Derdiyok scoring the others . Dutch champions Twente Enschede won 2-0 in Russia against Rubin Kazan with Luuk De Jong and Peter Wisgerhof on target . Paris Saint-Germain snatched a late equaliser through Peguy Luyindula to draw 2-2 with BATE Borisov in Belarus . German side Stuttgart took an early lead against Benfica through Martin Harnik but the Portuguese giants hit back to win thanks to goals from Oscar Cardozo and Franco Jara . Ukranian 's Dynamo Kiev won 4-1 in Turkey against Besiktas where former Chelsea striker Andriy Shevchenko was amongst the goals . Lech Poznan , from Poland , will take a slender 1-0 advantage to Portugal for the second leg against Braga after Artjoms Rudnevs handed them victory . High-fliers in Serie A Napoli were held to a goalless draw in Italy by Spanish club Villarreal . Salvatore Aronica was sent off for the hosts . Two goals in two minutes from Wilfred Bouma and Ola Toivonen helped Dutch club PSV Eindhoven to salvage a 2-2 draw with Lille in France . Scottish champions Rangers were on course for victory against Sporting Lisbon thanks to Steven Whittaker 's header but Matias Fernandez scored a last minute equalizer for the Portuguese side . Swiss club FC Basel raced into a two-goal lead against Spartak Moscow but a superb second half comeback saw the Russian side win 3-2 thanks to goals from Dmitri Kombarov , Artem Dzjuba and Zhano Ananidze . Tomas Necid gave fellow Russians CSKA Moscow a 1-0 win in Greece against PAOK Salonika . Portuguese club Porto won 2-1 at Sevilla in Spain while Young Boys , from Berne in Switzerland , beat Russian club Zenit St Petersburg 2-1 after an injury-time goal from Emmanuel Mayuka .	English club Liverpool held to goalless club by Sparta Prague in Europa League Ajax take commanding 3-0 lead against Anderlecht in Belgium Bayer Leverkusen thrash FC Metalist Kharkiv 4-0 in Ukraine Oscar Cardozo and Franco Jara score as Benfica beat Stuttgart 2-1
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The Los Angeles Police Department can have access to personal tape recordings between Charles Manson follower Charles D. "  Tex " Watson and his late attorney that investigators believe might hold clues to unsolved killings , a federal judge in Texas ruled Tuesday . U.S. District Court Judge Richard Schell ruled that Watson waived his right to attorney-client privilege in 1976 by allowing his attorney to sell the tapes for $ 49,000 to the man who co-authored Watson 's memoir . LAPD investigators want the decades-old recordings between Watson and his attorneys because they believe the tapes could shed light on unsolved killings involving the "  family , " as Manson 's followers were called , according to court documents . "  We are continuing to monitor the case , and are prepared to send our detectives out to Texas to pick up the tapes as soon as they are available , " LAPD Cmdr. Andrew Smith told CNN . "  It is our understanding that there is a 30-day window for appeal , and we will wait for that to time to transpire before we send our detectives to Texas . " The news of the judge 's ruling came the same day that California Department of Corrections authorities said they arrested a Mason follower , accusing him of attempting to smuggle a cell phone to Manson at Corcoran State Prison . For more than four decades , authorities have speculated the Manson family was responsible for the rampage that left pregnant actress Sharon Tate and six others dead , including Leno and Rosemary LaBianca . Manson has claimed more people were killed , though he has repeatedly made fantastic claims that later turn out to be false . Gov. Brown nixes release of former Manson follower Watson has long maintained there is nothing for authorities to gain with the recordings . In a June 5 , 2012 , letter to CNN , Watson wrote : "  There is nothing new on the tapes that was excluded from my book ` Will You Die For Me ? ' The book was co-authored to show delicate consideration when sharing the graphic details of the crime in order to show respect towards the families of the victims . " Watson , Manson and three others -- Susan Atkins , Patricia Krenwinkel and Leslie Van Houten -- were convicted of murder in the killings . In the letter to CNN , Watson asserted that "  there are no unsolved murders committed by the Manson Family . " The gruesome murders were chronicled in the best-seller "  Helter Skelter . " In the court ruling , the judge notes "  Watson expresses concern that the contents of the recordings may be hurtful to the families of his victims in the Tate-LaBianca murders . " Judge gives tapes to LAPD in ` Manson family ' investigation The tapes are about eight hours of recordings between Watson and his attorney from 1969 , Bill Boyd of McKinney , Texas , according to court papers . Boyd died in 2009 . According to court documents , Watson waived his attorney-client privilege to the tapes in 1976 , and his attorney received partial payment for his legal fees when he gave a copy of the tapes to Chaplain Raymond G. Hoekstra , who subsequently co-authored the book , "  Will You Die for Me : The Man Who Killed for Charles Manson Tells His Own Story . " In court filings , Watson requested "  that the Tapes not be turned over to the LAPD , because they are not a creditor to my late attorney Bill Boyd , God rest his soul " and "  because repercussions of the motion have not been fully considered by all parties concerned . Added Watson in court documents : " ... this case is high notoriety , with much media attention . For this reason , special consideration should be made with who takes possession of The Tapes , so they will not be misused for purposes unintended by the court and that could be hurtful to the families of the victims . " Charles Manson denied parole again In 2008 , Watson wrote CNN that he was aware of no bodies buried in a remote Death Valley , California , site called Barker Ranch , the last hideout for Manson and his family , when CNN did a report about a corpse-sniffing dog visiting the site . Watson , 66 , was convicted of seven counts of first-degree murder and has been denied parole 16 times . He will be considered again in 2016 , according to the California Department of Corrections . 2011 : Tex Watson denied parole 2008 : The results of dig at Manson ranch site CNN 's Cristy Lenz contributed to this story .	A federal judge rules "  Tex " Watson waived attorney-client privilege in 1976 The tapes contain eight hours of recordings between Watson and his attorney Watson sold the tapes for $ 49,000 to the man who wrote his story LAPD investigators believe the tapes might hold clues to unsolved killings
CNN  -- Ukrainians have voted , and they have overwhelmingly chosen to stay the course on European integration . Late last month , pro-European parties won a sweeping victory in parliamentary elections that saw allies of Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk come out on top . But while Europe and the United States are celebrating the outcome as a strategic victory for the West , the election result itself simply builds on the slogans of last winter 's Euromaidan Revolution . The trouble is that in Ukraine , such rhetoric has all too often led to disappointment . Of course , the West can hope that this time , Ukraine 's political class will fulfill its promises . But as the axiom goes : Hope alone is not a strategy . Indeed , Kiev 's hopes have already begun to deflate since Russian-backed rebels held their own elections in the self-proclaimed People 's Republics of Donetsk and Luhansk , and threatened to seize further territory in Ukraine 's southeast . To win a meaningful victory in Ukraine , therefore , the West now needs to clearly define its own interests , develop a strategy that recognizes constraints as well as opportunities to advance those interests , and deploy sufficient financial , political and military resources to put that strategy into action . So , how should the West start ? First , it is essential that the West define its interest in Ukraine on its own terms -- it can not simply be the opposite of what Russia wants . Nor can it be just whatever Ukrainian leaders say they want from one moment to the next . For Europe and North America , Ukraine 's future is surely about the welfare of 45 million Ukrainians and the geopolitical orientation of one of Europe 's largest countries . Yet even more is at stake . The West 's vital interests in Ukraine cut to the very heart of more than half a century of Western security and prosperity : To sustain the credibility of the Western socio-economic and political "  model , " preserve a privileged , central position in the globalizing economy , and reinforce the critical infrastructure of Euro-Atlantic peace and security , with NATO at its core . To secure these interests in Ukraine demands a strategic approach that has so far been lacking from either European or American policies , despite abundant soaring rhetoric and political theater . The Western socio-economic model is under assault not only in the post-Soviet space , but in Europe itself , where economic uncertainty and social malaise are fertile ground for anti-establishment ideologues , including some overtly or covertly allied with Kremlin propagandists and flush with Russian cash . To restore and rebuild the credibility of this model , Brussels and Washington should start by intervening decisively to stem the crisis at its weakest point , which is now Ukraine . Although they have embraced what they consider to be Western political values , Ukrainians are uncertain that they can achieve prosperity . The country has suffered a currency devaluation of almost 100 % with double digit GDP loss , the banking sector is functionally insolvent , and the government is perpetually on the verge of default . The global financial crisis that originated in the West proved that only a swift and overwhelming response can prevent panic from freezing private credit and consumer confidence exactly when they are needed most . Ukraine now needs far more than the roughly $ 18 billion so far offered by the IMF and Western governments to avert disaster . The real figure may be closer to $ 50 billion in the next year , money that should be offered on credit to give markets full confidence in Ukraine 's future , but with the tightest possible controls so the country 's notoriously corrupt officials and oligarchs can not siphon it to pad their private accounts . Meanwhile , the West 's "  targeted " and "  sectoral " sanctions against Russia have had so little immediate impact on the Russian economy that they are unlikely to prevent further Russian intervention in Ukraine , which the Kremlin views as a vital to its domestic political survival . At the same time , the West 's decision to exploit its privileged position in the global economy to punish Russia may be exactly the push that Chinese , Indians , Brazilians and others need to begin seriously hedging -- limiting dollar and euro transactions , while shifting away from Western service providers , middlemen and lenders . A smart strategy would couple each punitive sanction on the Kremlin elite with positive incentives for closer engagement with ordinary Russians , as well as small and medium sized Russian businesses , such as reduced barriers to travel and favorable financing . It would also entail steps to enhance the appeal of the current global trading and financial system for rising economies in Asia , Africa and Latin America , above all offering them influence commensurate with their growing prosperity . Against such a strategy , an iron-fisted Kremlin response -- closing Russia off to the West and leaning on others to do the same -- would quickly alienate both the Russian people and the wider world . The West 's vital interest in secure , stable borders in the Euro-Atlantic region is imperiled not only in Ukraine itself , but among NATO members like Poland and the Baltic states , which fear that hybrid and asymmetric warfare tactics developed by Russian-backed forces in Ukraine may soon be tried out on them . The September NATO summit in Wales and U.S. President Barack Obama 's visit to Estonia announced steps to reassure these allies , but the seeds of future conflict persist as long as Russia and its close neighbors face each other with inveterate hostility and suspicion . NATO 's commitment to Euro-Atlantic security should entail not only enhancing conventional deterrence , but also conducting a hard-nosed audit of vulnerabilities in NATO members ' own security establishments , politics and societies . Russia 's western neighbors are now deeply and understandably concerned about potential Russian-backed "  fifth columns " in their midst , but they can not turn a blind eye to nationalist strains in their domestic politics that demean or ignore the concerns of Russian-speaking minorities and Russia itself . NATO should therefore couple concrete reassurance with steps to help increase resiliency and inclusiveness in member states ' domestic politics , as well as a renewed commitment to the NATO-Russia Council as a platform for direct dialogue . Ukraine 's pro-Western political transition is an important and historic development that can deliver far greater freedom , security and prosperity for Ukrainians and the region in the long term . Europe and North America stand to benefit as well -- but only if they recognize that their own vital interests are now at stake in Ukraine , and decide to take them seriously .	Pro-European parties won solid victories in Ukraine 's parliamentary polls West must realize importance of Ukraine to its interests : Matthew Rojansky Rojansky : West must help Ukraine shore up its economy
CNN  -- John Sheardown , a Canadian immigration officer who helped shelter and smuggle six American diplomats out of Iran in 1980 , has died , his son said Monday . He was 88 . Sheardown had Alzheimer 's and suffered from colon and prostate cancer , said Robin Sheardown , who described his father as his best friend . John Sheardown died Sunday night at a hospital in Ottawa , Canada . "  He was a very humble man and a real Canadian hero , " his son told CNN . John Sheardown played a key role in what has become known as the "  Canadian Caper , " a covert operation by the Canadian government and the CIA to rescue six American diplomats who eluded capture during the seizure of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran . The episode was made famous again this year by the release of the hit movie "  Argo , " loosely based on the real-life drama . The film , however , left out Sheardown 's contributions . Sheardown was an immigration officer at the Canadian Embassy in Tehran when students and militants stormed the U.S. Embassy there on November 4 , 1979 , taking more than 50 Americans hostage . Just half a dozen evaded capture . Sheardown and Ken Taylor , the Canadian ambassador to Iran , hid those six envoys in their homes , protecting them until they could be spirited out of the country with Canadian passports in late January 1980 . "  John Sheardown remained a very humble man , always willing to stay in the shadow of others , and the people of Windsor remain extremely proud of his diplomatic intervention and career accomplishments , " read a proclamation that declared November 10 , 2012 , "  John Sheardown Day " in the city of Windsor , in Ontario , Canada . According to that proclamation , Sheardown , a Windsor native , was shot down while serving with the Royal Canadian Air Force during World War II . He worked with his country 's customs and immigration department before joining Canada 's foreign service , it said . Read more : ` Argo ' recognizes forgotten heroes of crisis	John Sheardown helped to smuggle six American diplomats out of Iran in 1980 The story was made famous again this year by the release of the movie ` Argo ' Sheardown suffered from Alzheimer 's and had cancer , his son says
CNN  -- Auto-correct and "  Angry Birds . " GPS , and those awkward texts from last night . Mobile phones , and their promise of unprecedented connectivity , have altered the way we live . And it all started 40 years ago today . That 's when Martin Cooper , a vice president at Motorola , stepped onto a New York City sidewalk and made the first known cellphone call in history . And , whether you thank him or blame him , we have n't stopped talking , texting and tweeting since . In the time since Cooper brandished what would become the DynaTAC phone , our mobiles have gone from now-laughably clunky bricks to sleek , stylized slivers of technology . Now they 're becoming fashionably monstrous with phone-tablet hybrids like the Galaxy Note . And , along the way , they 've changed everything . "  We knew that someday everybody would have a  cell  phone , but it was hard to imagine that that would happen in my lifetime , " Cooper said to CNN last year . "  And now we 've got almost five billion phones in the world . Wow . " Cooper and his team had been in a race with AT&T 's Bell Labs to create a cellphone . They 'd worked for about three months on the model he walked outside with on April 3 , 1973 . And that first call ? It was to AT&T 's Joel Engell , who headed up Bell Labs . "  I called and told him , ` Joel , I 'm calling you from a cellular phone , a real cellular phone , a handheld , portable , real cellular phone ' , " Cooper recalled . And , as he recalls it , his rival was n't quite as talkative . "  I do n't remember exactly what he said , but it was really quiet for a while , " he said . "  My assumption was that he was grinding his teeth . He was very polite and ended the call . When asked about it , he says he has no recollection of this moment . " It would take 10 years for a version of that DynaTAC  Dynamic Adaptive Total Area Coverage  phone to hit the market , for a hefty $ 3,900 . The kind of phone Gordon Gekko wielded in "  Wall Street , " it weighed 2.5 pounds and was about a foot tall . Compare that to the iPhone 5 , which weighs in at under 4 ounces , is less than 5 inches from top to bottom and sells at prices starting at $ 199 . Not that Cooper , now 84 , necessarily embraces every aspect of the latest advances in the field he helped create . "  I must tell you as much as we were dreamers , we never imagined that all these things could be combined into one . And I 'm really not so sure that it 's a great thing , " he said . "  Phones have gotten so complicated , so hard to use , that you wonder if this is designed for real people or for engineers . " What Cooper foresees for phones	The first cellphone call was made 40 years ago Wednesday Martin Cooper of Motorola called a rival from a New York sidewalk on April 3 , 1973 The phone weighed 2.5 pounds and would cost $ 3,900
Maxine Powell , the mentor behind the smooth success and individual charm of Motown Records ' stars for almost five decades , died Monday , the Detroit Free Press reported . She was 98 . Powell , who started as a personal development coach with Motown in 1964 , was known for teaching Motown artists how to walk , talk and even think with class . She played an influential role in nurturing its future stars including Diana Ross and Marvin Gaye by giving them lessons in media relations and proper manners . Mary Wilson , an original member of Motown 's Supremes , quoted Powell as saying , "  One day , you may be performing before kings and queens . " "  And we actually did , " Wilson said in a 2002 interview with CNN . "  But it was because they taught us how to sit , you know , to talk , and all of these kinds of things . " In a statement Monday , Motown founder Berry Gordy said Powell was tough , but "  poised , professional , and very thankful " as she worked with artists . Gordy 's statement quoted Powell as telling the young artists : "  I love you all , but do n't confuse me with your mother -- she 's stuck with you , I 'm not ! " "  Ladies , remember your gloves , walk with class like you were taught -- and always remember , do not protrude the buttocks . " "  She brought something to Motown that no other record company had . She was a star in her own right -- an original , " Gordy 's statement added . Singer-songwriter and producer Smokey Robinson also paid tribute to Maxine Powell 's contribution . "  She led and lived a long wonderful life . I just saw her a couple of weeks ago and she was very mentally sharp . She was an essential part of Motown , " he said in a statement . "  We all loved her and she will be truly missed , but the evidence of her will live on and on through all of the Motown family . " Powell was one of Detroit-based Motown 's first personal development coaches along with Maurice King and Cholly Atkins , according to the company 's website . People we 've lost in 2013	Smokey Robinson : "  Evidence of her will live on through all of the Motown family " Maxine Powell was one of Motown 's first personal development coaches Young Diana Ross and Marvin Gaye were among her stable of stars Motown : "  She brought something to Motown that no other record company had "
CNN  Here 's a pop quiz : What 's better for America 's status in the world ? A  Being a global leader in innovation , job creation , education , social mobility , literacy and child health . B  Being a global leader in imprisoning the highest number of human beings -- its own citizens . It 's an obvious answer . But the unfortunate reality is that the United States leads the world in incarceration , not education . Our country has shown time and again a nearly unlimited capacity to reinvent itself and move closer to the ideals on which our society was founded . Yet we have emerged as the global leader in a race that no nation would want to even be a contender in . While our country is home to only 5 % of the world 's total population , we are home to 25 % of the world 's prison population . And nearly three fourths of this population is comprised of nonviolent offenders . At the same time , we are losing the increasingly important race to educate our citizens . Where the United States was once ranked first in high school graduation rates , we now rank 23rd in high school completion among 30 of the world 's most developed nations . Where we were once the driving force of the global economy , we now rank fifth in the World Economic Forum 's global competitiveness index . Key metrics in this index include the quality of a nation 's primary , secondary and higher education systems . Instead of empowering the next generation of American artists , scientists , engineers , inventors and entrepreneurs , our country has chosen to devote a massive amount of resources , time and energy to locking people up . By imprisoning individuals , we also burden families , condemn generations to cycles of poverty and breed economic inequality . In the 1980s and 1990s , Congress chose to adopt laws that drastically changed the way our country handled nonviolent drug crimes . Since then , the American prison population has increased by nearly 800 % over the past 30 years . Over 2.7 million American children have a parent who is incarcerated , and 10 million American children at one time in their lives had a parent in prison . Americans of color are disproportionately burdened by the failures of our justice system . There are more black men in prison or under state or federal supervision today than there were enslaved in 1850 . And while African Americans make up only 13.6 % of the total U.S. population , they make up a whopping 40.2 % of the U.S. prison population . The sad reality is that in today 's America , prisoners are never truly free from the burdens of our criminal justice system . A report from the Center for Economic and Policy Research concluded that once released from prison , an ex-offender 's prospects for obtaining employment statistically decreased . The report estimated that , in 2008 , ex-offender employment losses cost our economy the equivalent of 1.5 to 1.7 million workers , or $ 57 billion to $ 65 billion annually . It 's therefore no surprise that American prisons have become revolving doors , with two out of every three former offenders rearrested within three years of their release . The millions of wives , sisters , husbands , daughters , sons , friends and the people they love who have been incarcerated are burdened disproportionately by an outdated , archaic and overly punitive system . These millions of Americans have the ability to advance our country , our economy and our global competitiveness . They just need to be given the opportunity . American taxpayers are n't free from the burdens of our criminal justice system either . In addition to the billions lost in jobs and productivity , Americans spend over a quarter of a trillion dollars each year to keep millions of nonviolent , low-level offenders imprisoned . The price tag is truly staggering . It costs on average $ 29,000 a year to house one inmate at the federal level . In contrast , our country spends a little over $ 11,000 dollars a year per elementary school student . Imagine the good we could do if we could re-appropriate those tens of billions of dollars in taxpayer money and economic losses away from imprisonment and toward investment in our children 's future . We must start to deconstruct the perverse order of our priorities and build a more just society by making needed changes at the federal level . We must examine the way our criminal justice system works -- or rather , does n't -- and take the necessary actions to change it . Fortunately , there is already a road map for successfully addressing these problems . We know reforms will work because they already are in states across the country . In both blue states such as New Jersey and Connecticut and red states such as Texas and Georgia , state and local officials have developed and instituted sweeping reforms that have reduced their prison populations and crime rates . They are succeeding by focusing their efforts on areas where the criminal justice system most needs reform . We should follow their example on the federal level . First , we should pass legislation that promotes "  front end " reform , such as ending mandatory minimum sentencing for nonviolent drug crimes . Secondly , we should pass legislation that enacts "  behind the wall " reforms , such as eradicating the cruel practice of juvenile solitary confinement . And thirdly , we should enact "  back end " reforms with legislation that assists in sealing criminal records and removing barriers to employment for nonviolent formerly incarcerated people . As we reform our criminal justice system at the national level , we will alter the cycles of poverty and recidivism that plague too many American communities and start to develop virtuous cycles of excellence . Instead of putting resources toward juvenile detention centers , we can put resources toward afterschool programs that have proved to help keep kids out of the juvenile justice system and in school . Instead of losing valuable contributors to our economy because of their status as ex-offenders , we can develop apprenticeship and training programs that improve worker skills and jump start our economy . Instead of asking American taxpayers to pay for warehousing people who commit nonviolent , low-level , crimes , we can make sure that students of all ages have access to math , science and technology schooling that will help them excel in the workforce and as productive members of society . Let 's devote our resources to empowering our citizens , not imprisoning them . Let 's choose to raise our expectations as a country , and let 's meet them .	Cory Booker : The unfortunate reality is that the United States leads the world in incarceration , not education At the same time , we are losing the increasingly important race to educate our citizens
CNN  -- Muslims in Europe face discrimination in education , employment and religious freedom , an Amnesty International report said . "  Muslim women are being denied jobs and girls prevented from attending regular classes just because they wear traditional forms of dress , such as the headscarf . Men can be dismissed for wearing beards associated with Islam , " said Marco Perolini , Amnesty International 's expert on discrimination . "  Rather than countering these prejudices , political parties and public officials are all too often pandering to them in their quest for votes . " The report , titled "  Choice and Prejudice : Discrimination Against Muslims in Europe " and issued on Monday , details the problem , with a focus on Belgium , France , the Netherlands , Spain and Switzerland . Amnesty International raised the issue , as it has done before , of restrictions "  on the establishment of places of worship and prohibitions on full-face veils . " The report said employers have been permitted "  to discriminate on the grounds that religious or cultural symbols will jar with clients or colleagues or that a clash exists with a company 's corporate image or its ` neutrality . ' "  Wearing religious and cultural symbols and dress is part of the right of freedom of expression . It is part of the right to freedom of religion or belief -- and these rights must be enjoyed by all faiths equally . " Perolini said . "  While everyone has the right to express their cultural , traditional or religious background by wearing a specific form of dress , no one should be pressurized or coerced to do so , " he said . "  General bans on particular forms of dress that violate the rights of those freely choosing to dress in a particular way are not the way to do this . " There is legislation prohibiting employment discrimination in Belgium , France and the Netherlands , but "  it has not been appropriately implemented , " the report says . European Union legislation "  prohibiting discrimination on the ground of religion or belief in the area of employment seems to be toothless across Europe , as we observe a higher rate of unemployment among Muslims , and especially Muslim women of foreign origin , " Perolini said . The report said pupils have n't been allowed "  to wear the headscarf or other religious and traditional dress at school in many countries including Spain , France , Belgium , Switzerland and the Netherlands . " "  Any restriction on the wearing of religious and cultural symbols and dress in schools must be based on assessment of the needs in each individual case . General bans risk adversely  affecting  Muslims girls ' access to education and violating their rights to freedom of expression and to manifest their beliefs . " Perolini said . The right to establish places of worship "  is being restricted in some European countries , despite state obligations to protect , respect and fulfill this right , " Amnesty International said . For example , the Swiss Constitution "  has specifically targeted Muslims with the prohibition of the construction of minarets , " it said . Muslims in the Catalonian region of Spain must pray outdoors "  because existing prayer rooms are too small to accommodate all the worshippers and requests to build mosques are being disputed as incompatible with the respect of Catalan traditions and culture . " "  There is a groundswell of opinion in many European countries that Islam is all right and Muslims are OK so long as they are not too visible . This attitude is generating human rights violations and needs to be challenged , " Perolini said . Muslims from a wide range of ethnic backgrounds have migrated to or sought asylum in Europe over the decades and have "  often acquired the citizenship of the country to which they or their relatives have migrated . " Negative and stereotypical attitudes have emerged over what has been seen as the "  unwillingness by Muslims to integrate " or the intention to "  impose values at odds with European identity , " Amnesty said . "  At times , public opinion and political parties do not distinguish between practices clearly violating human rights , such as forced marriage , and other practices relating to the exercise of freedom of expression and religion or belief , such as the choice to wear a headscarf or others forms of religious and cultural symbols and dress . " the report said . After the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States , "  perceptions worsened " and "  a rising level of hostility " unfolded . But the report said there also had been "  negative views " before the attacks . Citing 2010 statistics , the report said "  Muslims made up less than 10 per cent of the population in any Western and Northern European country : 6 percent in Belgium , 7.5 percent in France , 5.5 percent in the Netherlands , 2.3 percent in Spain , 5.7 percent in Switzerland , 5 percent in Germany and 4.6 percent in the United Kingdom . " Almost half of the Muslim population in France and 55 percent of the Muslim population in Belgium hold national citizenship . In contrast , less than 1 percent in Switzerland hold Swiss citizenship . The report says the study "  does not imply that discrimination on grounds of religion or belief exclusively affects Muslims . " It said Christian evangelicals in Catalonia also cited barriers "  in establishing places of worship . " And , it said , "  Jews are also still discriminated against in Europe and violent attacks perpetrated with an anti-Semitic bias remain a matter of concern . "	The report focuses on Belgium , France , the Netherlands , Spain and Switzerland Political parties "  are all too often pandering " to political biases , the report says The September 11 , 2001 , attacks have contributed to hostility against Muslims Muslims make up less than 10 percent of the population in European countries
Change.org was hacked late Friday by someone who made "  cosmetic " changes on the popular petition website , officials said . No personal information was stolen , spokesman Benjamin Joffe-Walt said in a written statement . He added that none of the 12 petitions targeted had its number of signatures affected . The modified petitions included one calling for officials to end the prosecution of a Florida teen charged in connection with a same-sex relationship with a 14-year-old ; a petition to close the detention center at Guantanamo Bay ; and a petition to allow gay Boy Scouts leaders , said Brianna Cayo-Cotter , a spokeswoman for Change.org . Change.org officials believe the petitions were selected because they were all in a featured section of the website and were n't picked because of the causes they represent , she said . Joffe-Walt said the hacker exploited a "  minor vulnerability " and made changes to text and photos on the petitions . The flaw was fixed while the website was offline , he said . Change.org , based in San Francisco , California , says it has 35 million users in 196 countries . Successful Change.org campaigns have included one in which a petitioner asked Bank of America to rescind a $ 5-per-month fee on bank cards . The petition received more than 300,000 signatures and helped to spark wide media coverage .	Online-petition site Change.org was hacked over the weekend No personal data was stolen , a spokesman said The targeted petitions were in a featured section of the website The website says it has more than 35 million users
NEW YORK  Reuters  -- Soon-to-be-jailed celebrity socialite Nicole Richie said she is pregnant by her boyfriend , singer Joel Madden of the rock band Good Charlotte . Nicole Richie tells Diane Sawyer she is pregnant by boyfriend Joel Madden . "  We are . I 'm almost four months , " said Richie , 25 , in an interview with ABC 's Diane Sawyer that will air Thursday . The waif-like daughter of singer Lionel Richie pleaded guilty Friday to driving under the influence of drugs and was sentenced to four days in jail . She has been ordered to serve her time by September 28 and put on three years probation . "  I have a responsibility and it 's something that I did wrong , and if I could personally apologize to every single person that has lost a loved one from drunk driving I would , " Richie said . "  Unfortunately I ca n't , but this is my way of paying my dues and taking responsibility and being an adult . " Richie rose to fame as hotel heiress Paris Hilton 's co-star on the reality series "  The Simple Life . " Hilton spent three weeks behind bars in June for violating her probation in a drunken-driving case . Richie was stopped in December when police said she was seen driving the wrong way on a Los Angeles freeway . Officers said she failed a field sobriety test and admitted she had smoked marijuana and taken prescription painkiller Vicodin . Because of a 2003 DUI conviction , Richie had faced a mandatory sentence of up to a year in jail if found guilty in a trial but instead submitted her plea . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Nicole Richie , 25 , says she is almost four months pregnant Richie pleaded guilty Friday to driving under the influence of drugs She was sentenced to four days in prison ; must serve time by September 28 Richie rose to fame as Paris Hilton 's co-star on "  The Simple Life "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Josephs and Marys in search of a room at the inn this Christmas are being made an offer they ca n't refuse . Mary and Joseph ride a donkey to Bethlehem in a performance of the Nativity story near Guildford , England . A British hotel chain is promising free accommodation to couples who share their first names with the couple from the Christian Nativity story . Almost 30 Josephs and Marys had already signed up for the free night 's stay at the Travelodge , said Shakila Ahmed , a spokeswoman for the hotel chain . "  The ` gift ' of a free night 's stay is to make up for the hotel industry not having any rooms left on Christmas Eve over 2000 years ago when the original ` Mary and Joseph ' had to settle for the night in a stable , " the company says on its Web site . The offer is good at any one of the chain 's 322 hotels in the United Kingdom , the Web site says . The couples must bring proof of identity and must prove that they are in a long-term relationship . "  If you satisfy the criteria , you get a free night in a family room for two adults and two children , " Ahmed said . "  There 's also parking space for a donkey if needed , " she joked . Ahmed said the offer , which will run from Christmas Eve to Twelfth Night -- December 24 to January 5 -- had been very well-received . "  We 've had a lot of interest . I think people like the fact that it resonates with the Nativity story at a time when the actual meaning of Christmas often becomes forgotten in festive overkill , " she said . Couples can register their names at a special e-mail address set up by Travelodge , which has hotels across the Britain , Ireland and Spain , Ahmed said . E-mail to a friend	Couples who share names with the couple from the Nativity story get free room Almost 30 Josephs and Marys have signed up for the free night 's stay Couples have to bring proof of identity They also have to prove that they are in a long-term relationship
Tokyo  CNN  -- In most of Japan , it 's still legal to possess child pornography . Although production and distribution have been banned for 15 years , Japan lags behind other major developed nations in forbidding people from simply holding the sinister material . That is about to change in a country regarded as a global nexus of child pornography . The country 's upper house of parliament is expected to pass legislation this month making possession of it a crime punishable by up to a year in prison . Children 's rights activists have applauded the step , although their reaction is tempered with frustration that it has taken such a long time . "  As a member of a group that 's been hearing the voice of the victims for many years , we welcome the news , " said Shihoko Fujiwara , a representative of Lighthouse , a nonprofit group that helps exploited children . "  Japan took so long , and it is too late to reach this decision as a developed country . " The proposed law , which was already approved by the lower house of parliament this week , comes with a couple of noteworthy loopholes . When it goes into effect , it will give those already in possession of child pornography a year to dispose of it . And it wo n't cover the country 's popular manga  comic book  and anime  animation  industries , which include depictions of violent sexual abuse of children in their publications . Fujiwara said a discussion about some of the imagery in manga and anime -- content that would be illegal in many Western countries -- would be a natural "  next step . " ' A necessary evil ' But representatives of those industries say that while they support the ban on real child pornography , any move to censor their products would be an unjustified restriction of freedom of expression . Daisuke Okeda , a lawyer and inspector for the Japan Animation Creators Association , said it was "  natural that animation is exempted . " "  The goal of the law itself is to protect children from crime , " he said . "  Banning such expression in animation under this law would not satisfy the goal of the law . " Okeda said that no studies have been done that prove any link between pedophilia and animation in Japan . Hiroshi Chiba , the manager of Chiba Tetsuya Production , one of the country 's best known manga production houses , said that more could be done in terms of age restrictions on graphic content featuring children and to distinguish it more clearly from other comics . And he admitted that some products of the industry leave him and his colleagues "  disgusted . " "  But rich , deep culture is born from something that might not be accepted by all , " Chiba said . "  We need to allow the gray zone to exist as a necessary evil . " ` An international hub ' Some experts counter that children suffer in a culture that appears to tolerate images of child sexual abuse . Hiromasa Nakai , a public affairs officer for UNICEF in Japan , pointed to the graphic content in manga , anime and some video games , as well as the "  junior idol " genre of books and DVDs that display minors wearing tiny bikinis and striking sexual poses . Japan should do more -- beyond the proposed law change -- "  to protect the best interest of children , " Nakai said . Statistics show that child pornography remains a big problem in Japan . The U.S. State Department 's 2013 report on human rights practices in Japan labels the country "  an international hub for the production and trafficking of child pornography . " It cited Japanese police data showing the number of child pornography investigations in 2012 rose 9.7 % from a year earlier to a record of 1,596 . The cases involved 1,264 child victims , almost twice as many as in the previous year . The fact that possession remains legal , for the time being , "  continued to hamper police efforts to enforce the law effectively and participate fully in international law enforcement , " the report said . Girls as sex objects One local authority already took matters into its own hands . The prefecture of Kyoto in central Japan introduced a ban on possession of child pornography in 2011 . But Nakai said addressing the problems is n't just a matter for government , suggesting parents , the media , the private sector and even children themselves can play a role in improving the situation . The portrayal of young girls as sex objects in Japan has long raised eyebrows among Westerners . An article in Wired in 1999 reeled off a list of examples in Tokyo : "  Vending machines sell schoolgirls ' used panties , which the girls sell to middlemen . ` Image bars ' specialize in escorts dressed in school uniforms . Telephone clubs feature bored adolescent girls earning spending money by talking dirty . Sex shops sell a porn magazine called ` Anatomical Illustrations of Junior High School Girls . ' " Some experts suggest the situation is born out of Japan 's long-established patriarchal society . Whatever the cause , changing a culture may prove a lot harder than changing a law . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki reported from Tokyo , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Junko Ogura and Will Ripley contributed to this report .	Legislation to criminalize child pornography is making its way through parliament The new law wo n't cover sexual abuse images in Japanese comics and animations Those industries say censoring their products would infringe on freedom of expression A U.S. State Department report says Japan is "  an international hub " for child pornography
CNN  -- Police have identified those involved in an incident in which the ice bucket challenge trend was used to trick an autistic teenager into being drenched with a bucket of urine , feces and spit . Authorities are not yet releasing the names , and are not discussing potential charges as the investigation is not yet complete , said Bay Village , Ohio , Police Chief Mark Spaetzel . "  We are conducting a comprehensive investigation , " Spaetzel told CNN Tuesday . Three celebrities have offered a reward to find those responsible . Jenny McCarthy and Donnie Wahlberg joined Drew Carey on Sunday in offering $ 10,000 each . If the Bay Village PD wants to start a reward fund to find who did this , contact me . I 'll donate $ 10k . http://t.co/ugqeLbu5ob Bay Village is a suburb of Cleveland , Carey 's hometown and the city where "  The Drew Carey Show " was based . A video of the prank shows the teen standing outside a garage door in his underwear when someone from the rooftop dumps a bucket of murky brown fluid over his head . The 15-year-old boy 's mother told CNN affiliate WJW-TV in Cleveland that the video was discovered on her son 's cell phone . "  He was embarrassed because he did not know what the contents were until afterwards , and then he did n't want anybody to know , " the mother told the station . "  They used his phone to tape it , and they put it up on Instagram . " The stunt appears to be a spoof of the ALS ice bucket challenge in which participants get a bucket of ice water dumped over their heads . The campaign raises awareness and donations for research on Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , also known as Lou Gehrig 's disease . According to the ALS Association , the Ice Bucket Challenge has raised more than $ 110 million . The Bay Village police said it has been interviewing witnesses and trying to identify those involved . "  Preliminary information suggests this occurred prior to the start of the school year at a home in Bay Village , " the department said . "  We understand the collective community anger . It is the hope of our community that this anger will be channeled into a positive action and supporting organizations such as Autism Speaks . " The Bay Village Schools superintendent said the school district is "  heartsick over the cruel actions taken against one of our students . " "  Many of our students and staff members have been participating in fundraising for ALS through the Ice Bucket Challenge , " Superintendent Clint Keener wrote . "  It hurts us deeply to see such a wonderful effort twisted to deliberately cause someone pain . "	Police are not yet releasing the names of those involved Someone dumped urine and feces from a rooftop onto an autistic teen 's head Mother : He did n't know what the contents were until afterward Cleveland native Drew Carey first offered $ 10,000 to find those responsible
CNN  -- It 's just another coming of age story -- one we 've all heard before -- but now it 's about us . Just as Holden Caulfield awoke to the excitement of the adult world around him and wanted to escape the phonies , youth voters brought a novel and intense energy to the world of politics during the 2008 election in an effort to escape the phonies we 'd been listening to our whole lives . Our debut into the world of politics was significant : The candidate with overwhelming youth support , Barack Obama , came out on top . I was too young to vote in that election , but after volunteering for the Obama campaign , I felt what many first-time voters and volunteers felt after the last election : proud , accomplished and significant . Four years later , what was once to us the novel and exciting adult world of politics now seems bitter and partisan . We 're a little bit older , less bright-eyed and a little more cynical . It is not surprising that a generation not tempered by past disappointments , that had hoped its representatives would work in good faith to fix America 's problems , might be less enthusiastic this time around . The percentage of youth voters who plan on voting fell from 78 % in 2008 to just 58 % this summer . We 're the least likely of any age group to vote in November . Opinion : What Democrats need to do in Charlotte But what a mistake it would be for us to throw in the towel now . Just because our politics and government can disappoint us sometimes does n't mean we should forget how far we 've come . President Obama understands what our generation contributed in 2008 . He knows where we stand on issues and he agrees with us -- he 's been our biggest ally in Washington since the start of his presidency . The president 's signature legislative achievement , the Affordable Care Act , allows us to stay on our parents ' health plan until we are 26 . That means we 'll have health insurance when we graduate from college , which more and more of us will be able to do thanks to the president 's push to double funding for Pell Grants and his insistence on keeping interest rates low for the 7.4 million students taking out student loans . Because of Obama 's repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " anyone can join the military , regardless of sexual orientation , an issue important to our generation . When Congress refused to pass the DREAM Act , Obama changed policy administratively , enabling immigrants who came to the country as children to avoid deportation . Opinion : Can Obama convince voters to turn to him again ? Our president showed both political courage and moral responsibility when he stood up for women across America under attack from extreme Republican rhetoric and aggressive legislation curtailing women 's rights and threatening women 's health . Obama 's swift , bold action to fix the broken American economy bequeathed to him by President George W. Bush has preserved homes and jobs for our parents and has preserved the possibility for home ownership and jobs for us . Obama has acted aggressively on the issue most important to my generation : climate change . Our generation believes in healing the Earth . Between 2010 and 2011 , the United States cut its foreign oil imports by 10 % , or 1 million barrels a day . Domestic natural gas production has increased during each year of the Obama presidency , providing jobs and a cleaner source of energy . After saving the American auto industry , the president then set out to strengthen it by demanding that car companies stay competitive in a global market and meet a 54.5 miles per gallon standard by 2025 . Finally , in addition to investments in clean energy projects and jobs , Obama agrees with the 97 % of scientists who recognize humans as the cause of climate change , while Mitt Romney "  is n't sure . " John King : To win , Obama must make history again To be sure , none of this has come easily or without opposition . Part of growing up is realizing the frustrating , heartbreaking truth that intense and sustained long-term effort is needed to effect change . The difficulty of the obstacles that must be overcome and the scope of the fight that must be won make our accomplishments all the more impressive . Electing the first African-American president was a tremendous accomplishment , but it has n't erased racism . Electing the first Catholic president , my grandfather , in 1960 , did not mean that religious intolerance disappeared from our land . Whether it was the American Revolution , the Civil War or the civil rights movement , change has never come easy , and Americans have always had to fight for change we believe in . If we can appreciate the long strides our country has made since 2008 instead of dismissing them as imperfect attempts , we will prove that not only are we quick learners but we 're in it for the long haul . Participation in the democratic process is not only a right : It 's a responsibility we all share . Voting is something we can all do for our country . If we turn out to re-elect this president , we will prove that 2008 was not an anomaly , and that our generation and its concerns can not be dismissed . Instead , 2008 will be seen as just the beginning . This fall let 's display a deep commitment to our country , its ideals and provide a preview of the America we intend to build . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jack Schlossberg .	Jack Schlossberg : Young voters invested energy and hope in the 2008 Obama campaign He says some are n't as enthusiastic after realizing political struggle is difficult Schlossberg : President Obama has delivered on health care , student loans , climate issues He says part of growing up is realizing that change does n't come without sustained effort
CNN  -- Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho has revealed that the Spanish club 's bosses have relented and will seek to sign him a new striker after all . Mourinho had initially been told that he could not replace Gonzalo Higuain , who could miss the rest of this season after having back surgery . France international Karim Benzema has been filling in for the Argentine , but Mourinho wants more options as Real seek to stop Barcelona retaining the Spanish title and also to win the European Champions League for the first time since 2002 . "  I am sticking to my beliefs . I think it would be good to have another forward for what is left of the season , " Mourinho told Madrid 's website ahead of Sunday 's trip to bottom club Almeria . "  The club is looking into the possibility of signing a forward , which pleases me to no end . " Real have been linked with a move to bring veteran Dutch striker Ruud van Nistelrooy back to the Santiago Bernabeu , and the player 's German club Hamburg confirmed the La Liga side 's interest on its website on Saturday night . Hamburg also referred to comments the 34-year-old made after scoring the only goal against Schalke , who this season signed another former Real striker in Raul . "  The reports are correct . It has been a strange week , it has been hard to concentrate and I am just glad it worked out , " Van Nistelrooy , who left Madrid a year ago , said in quotes carried by the AFP news agency . "  We just need to see what happens in the next few days , but it is not easy for me . It is not just any club which have expressed interest , it is Real . They are the only club which can make me change my mind . " Real trail Barcelona by two points ahead of the halfway point of the Spanish season , with the Catalan club hosting Malaga on Sunday . Third-placed Villarreal won 4-2 at home to Osasuna on Saturday to be 10 points adrift of Barcelona . The highlight of the match was a superb goal from halfway by Ruben Cani that put Villarreal 2-1 ahead . Espanyol joined fourth-placed Valencia on 34 points with a 2-1 win at Sevilla as striker Jose Callejon twice beat the offside trap to score in each half , doubling his tally for this season . Sevilla substitute Alvaro Negredo scored in time added on despite an apparent handball , but his team stayed in 10th place . Athletic Bilbao moved up to sixth place with a 2-1 win at home to Racing Santander following goals inside the first 10 minutes from Javi Martinez and Iker Muniain . Ivan Bolado reduced the deficit with 15 minutes to play , but his fellow striker Pedro Munitis was sent off as the match came to an ill-tempered close with five players booked at the end . Ninth-placed Getafe crashed to a 4-0 defeat at home to Real Sociedad , who ended a run of four defeats as Mikel Aranburu scored a late double . Real Zaragoza moved up to third from bottom above Levante after beating their relegation rivals 1-0 as Gabi Fernandez scored the winner on halftime for the home team . Sporting Gijon joined Zaragoza on 16 points , with a better goal difference , after beating Hercules 2-0 thanks to first-half goals from David Barral and Nacho Cases .	Jose Mourinho hoping to land a new striker after Real Madrid sanction a signing Real could be without the injured Gonzalo Higuain for the rest of this season Former Real star Ruud van Nistelrooy claims he is wanted by the Spanish club Villarreal consolidate third place in La Liga with 4-2 victory over Osasuna
CNN  -- "  Beyond the hedonism of tasting these wines -- and the hedonism of tasting these wines is going to be off the charts -- I think there will be two very important ideas that come out of this , " says wine educator and "  The Wine Bible " author Karen MacNeil as we share a bottle of Stony Hill 2012 Napa Valley Gewurztraminer over lunch . "  To see if the vintners themselves believe there is some reason that these wines scored as highly as they did ; and to see if the people enrolled in the event think there is a ribbon going through the wine . "  Is there a commonality that causes a wine to be considered great ? " MacNeil is one of the top wine authorities in the United States -- "  The Wine Bible " has sold 700,000 copies since 2000 -- and we 're two of a privileged few taking part in a 1,000-point wine tasting event , featuring 10 Napa Valley wines that each received a perfect 100-point score from Robert M. Parker Jr. of "  The Wine Advocate . " "  Since Robert Parker began , there have been 369 wines in the world that have been given a perfect 100 score . "  Something like 130 of these are in the U.S. Of that 130 , 119 are in California and of the 119 , 68 are from the Napa Valley , " says MacNeil . Located 60 miles northeast of San Francisco , Napa Valley is around 30 miles long and ranges from one to five miles wide -- about one-eighth the size of Bordeaux . Despite a 6.1-magnitude earthquake on August 24 that resulted in damage ranging from a few broken glasses to structural damage to some buildings and equipment , 2014 is already looking to be another excellent and abundant vintage . September is the most exciting time to visit . Fruity pickings As wineries gear up for harvest , pickers move through sun-drenched vineyards , hand-dropping fruit to improve the quality of the final crop ; equipment , already cleaned and prepared , stands idle at winery buildings , ready to process the fruit . The Napa Valley Experience -- organized by the nonprofit , 500-member Napa Valley Vintners association from September 7-10 -- is arguably the most sensational event taking place this harvest season . The experience includes tastings at some of the valley 's most scenic and most celebrated wineries ; home visits with prolific personalities ; wine blending workshops ; farm-to-table dining ; and , the climax , the first public 1,000-point tasting ever to be held anywhere , as far as MacNeil or Napa Valley Vintners are aware . The vintages selected represent a cross-section of appellations . They were chosen exclusively from the 2000s ; vintners rather than winemakers will attend the tasting , ensuring discussion is philosophical rather than chemical . The story of each wine -- and the magic of the experience -- are central to the experience . When I eat with celebrated vintner Michael Honig at Michael Chiarello 's Bottega in the foodie mecca of upscale Yountville , he has a treat to share -- a bottle of the Honig 2010 Westside Trio Cabernet Sauvignon , a limited edition Premiere Napa Valley auction label , which he cradles in the crook of one elbow . "  We work with a number of different vineyards around the valley , as well as own our own , so when it comes to Premiere we take grapes from three different vineyards , " says Honig . "  We call it the Westside Trio . We do not make this wine normally . " Marked Auction 16 , lot 15 , the label is also hand-initialed by winemaker Kristin Belair . "  Only 240 bottles were made , " he adds , pouring the ruby red liquid into my glass . During a pit stop at my lodging for the next three nights -- the stunning , vintner-owned , forest-cocooned Meadowood property in St. Helena -- I have time to appreciate the events of the day and the beauty of my surroundings . From lush lowland orchards to lofty terraces overlooking lush green alleys , Napa is filled with pretty views . Real farmland When I join vintner Agustin Huneeus at his terra-cotta-colored home within Quintessa 's vineyards , he offers me a cup of tea and explains why the aesthetics of the region -- accentuated by Valley 's organic development and agricultural land trust -- are special . "  There is real farming here , it 's not Disneyland -- it 's real , " he says . "  Vines started developing , the people starting coming , then Napa started something that in the world now is pretty prevalent -- opening the cellars to tourists . "  Bob Mondavi and Mike Martini ... a couple of them started it , and then everybody did it . " We embark on an ATV tour of the vineyards that produce Quintessa 's single blend , crafted to be the perfect expression of the terroir . "  Napa is unique in the world and in America , particularly . The hills , the climate -- we have a great climate , by the way -- and the beauty of the place . " Located on Pritchard Hill , Chappellet is another vineyard where spectacular views and a feeling of being connected to the landscape are integral to the experience . Marketing manager Blakesley Chappellet greets me at the foyer to its cavernous wooden winery pyramid . "  Artist Ed Moses crafted a cardboard pyramid in the Sixties and then engineers figured out how to build it , " she explains , before leading me to a vintage Swiss Army Pinzgauer truck . She revs the engine and we start climbing through the original 1967 terraces to the meadow , a springy carpet of lush grass shaded by breeze-stirred towering trees above vines that sweep down the slope to the lake at the bottom of the valley . This will be the setting for a private Napa Valley Experience harvest party on the final night of the event . "  I could go into family-owned , solar-powered , certified organic , but I really want people to feel this place and to come away and realize that they 've been somewhere really special , both because of the stewardship and because of the magic of the property itself , " says Chappellet . Vine tastings Looking over the vines , especially in the slight lull before harvest , it 's easy to forget that this is a working farm designed to ensure the grapes have everything they need to produce world-class wines . St. Supery CEO Emma Swain and vineyard manager Josh Anstey show me what happens out among the Dollarhide Ranch vines on a day-to-day basis . As early morning sun turns the vines on the slopes to gold , we stop at cabernet sauvignon vines . Anstey hands me a booklet based on Lucie Morton 's study of ampelography so that I can compare a leaf to the blown-up illustration on the page . "  She says it looks like a monkey face or mask -- see its hole-punched appearance ? " she says , before greeting a team precision-grafting rootstock and bud to produce new sauvignon blanc vines come spring . We try the grapes from one vine , then one adjacent , tasting the difference in sweetness in vines before squeezing a berry onto a refractometer for a more precise measurement of the sugars . Then we cruise up a grassy ridge to where guest experience manager F. Scott Tracey -- former wine director at Michelin-starred La Toque -- has already laid a table with sky blue linen , five wines and bite-size pairings overlooking the mirror-like lake . There was just one more aspect of winemaking to experience -- the blending . At Hall Rutherford , after a discussion of the philosophy behind the winemaking process , Mike Reynolds , Hall Wines Napa Valley president and winemaker , and owner Kathryn Hall , pose a challenge -- to blend my own version of the Kathryn Hall cabernet from the barrel provided . I follow the team into a futuristic-looking barrel room where a red neon art installation reflects off hand-etched trapezoid Geiger barrels and along the cool corridors to the tasting room . "  Mike and Mrs. Hall will award a prize to the winning blend , " says manager Laura Garrow . Game on ! Napa Valley Experience ; only 24 spots available ; $ 6,000 per person or $ 10,000 per couple  double occupancy  ; September 7-10 , 2014 Gemma Price is a freelance travel journalist based in the U.S. , the UK and Vietnam . She was given a preview of this year 's Napa Valley Experience .	Nearly 20 % of wines scored "  perfect "  100 points  by Robert Parker are from Napa Valley , which produces 4 % of all wine globally Napa Valley Experience offers tastings of 10 perfect wines Meadowood resort has a Michelin-starred restaurant , tennis courts , golf course , fitness center , spa
CNN  -- You can not look away from the twin disasters befalling the people of Syria and Iraq . That is what President Barack Obama has realized . More than three years after an uprising to topple Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad spun into a devastating civil war , Obama is asking Congress for $ 500 million to help arm and train the moderate Syrian opposition . It is late . More than 150,000 Syrians have already died . It 's a staggering number . And the situation is only getting worse . Now Iraq , too , has become a battleground for sectarian conflict , threatening to create an even larger regional catastrophe . Competing groups and battling ideologies are at war , and the most extreme are fighting vigorously and making gains . There 's no question that this is the most complicated of conflicts . Three-dimensional chess does not begin to describe it . But there is also no question that all the wrong people are winning . That 's partly because those with moderate ideology have not received any support while others are bolstered by outside backers . Al-Assad , whose downfall seemed all but certain , receives military support from Iran and ground forces from Hezbollah , Lebanon 's Iran-allied Shiite militia , which has helped him turn the tide in the battlefield . Obama threatened to intervene after al-Assad used chemical weapons , but backed away after a chemical disarmament deal , but al-Assad continues to slaughter civilians by the thousands . The rebels seeking to topple al-Assad , meanwhile , are deeply divided and are fighting each other . Moderates have lost ground to Islamist extremists , who receive support from Persian Gulf donors . Extremists are also divided . The Nusra Front , an al Qaeda arm in Syria , has broken with ISIS , the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . It is ISIS , whose brutality even al Qaeda considers excessive , that has swept across the Syrian border into Iraq . The more fanatical the group , the better it is doing . The radicals ' advances attract more support and make their ideology more appealing , which strengthens their numbers . And groups like ISIS , now flush with cash , have no intention of stopping their expansion . Now the war in Syria has spilled in the worst possible way into Iraq , not only threatening the survival of that country but creating the very real possibility that a radical Islamist state of the most extremist kind could take root across both Syria and Iraq , creating a base of operations for attacks on U.S. allies , with Jordan first in line , and for terrorist training and planning . There 's no question that finding "  moderates " is a very difficult task . And it 's certainly true that Obama 's plan to start arming the moderate opposition is risky . The weapons could fall into the wrong hands , as they have in the past , and stepping even indirectly into a sectarian war is a perilous proposition . But this conflict has made even the most pessimistic prediction appear hopelessly optimistic . Some experts are calling this Middle East crisis the most dangerous one in 40 years . The scale of human suffering is staggering , and the stakes for long-term global stability enormous . The West 's decision to stand on the sidelines has allowed the worst outcome to materialize . And it is morally indefensible . The Iraqi quandary now makes it all even more complicated . The United States does not want to take sides in a Sunni-Shiite war . America 's interest is a return to peace and victory for those -- in Syria and Iraq -- who would protect human rights and rule of law . Washington is sending 300 advisers to work with the  mostly Shiite  Iraqi army . Now it will help arm the  mostly Sunni  moderate opposition in Syria . It is walking gingerly , projecting its nonsectarian position , as it should . The turbulent Middle East may look like a distant , foggy disaster area , but it has a history of sending ripples that reach close to home , changing life for people in other parts of the world . Already the war in Syria has attracted fighters from Western countries , from Europe and the United States . Syria and now Iraq are becoming training grounds for would-be terrorists . European security agencies are sounding panicked about what this means for terrorism at home . "  The threat of attack has never been greater , " one European counterterrorism official said . FBI director James Comey said thousands of Europeans have traveled to Syria to fight with Islamists . Dozens of Americans have joined them . An American suicide bomber -- from Florida -- blew himself up in Syria recently . Some of those violent jihadists with American and European passports , which allow them to travel easily almost anywhere , are returning home . A French citizen just back from Syria has been charged with killing four people in Brussels ' Jewish Museum . Bomb threats , like one a few days ago in Amsterdam , are being treated extremely seriously . The Dutch intelligence service says Dutch jihadis are returning to the Netherlands , bringing dangerous ideological baggage , determined to commit attacks on the West and radicalize Dutch Muslims . British Prime Minister David Cameron calls the terrorist threat from Syria "  the biggest risk we face . " As counterterrorism officials in the United States and Europe try to prevent attacks , the fighting in Syria and Iraq is destroying lives , creating a generation of traumatized people who may seek revenge , perpetuating this conflict and threatening to tear apart the Middle East . Millions have been forced to leave their homes . Refugee camps are overflowing . Each individual in Iraq or Syria who has left home , each child who has been displaced by the war , has endured experiences we can scarcely comprehend . It may be easier to look away , to say the problem is just too complicated , and that it 's not ours to deal with . But the humanitarian , strategic and security ramifications have become impossible to ignore . Obama discovered he can not look away . Neither should we .	President Obama is asking Congress for $ 500 million to aid Syrian opposition Frida Ghitis : Obama realized he can not ignore the twin disasters in Syria and Iraq She says the brutal ISIS has swept across the Syrian border into Iraq , creating havoc Ghitis : The violence opens the possibility that radical extremists will spread in the region
CNN  -- Returning to late night after more than half a century earns you an entire evening for yourself . At least it did for Barbra Streisand , who was the sole guest and musical act Monday night on "  The Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon . " In honor of her appearance after a 51-year absence , Fallon insisted that Streisand sit in his host chair behind the desk . "  Let 's be honest , you 're never coming back here , " Fallon joked . "  This is special . " The legendary star -- who has been open about the stage fright that kept her from performing for years -- was on the show to promote her new album titled "  Partners . " The project is a series of duets with singers , including Blake Shelton , Michael BublÃ © and Stevie Wonder . There is even a virtual performance with the late Elvis Presley . Fallon filled in for some of those partners Monday night as he sang a medley with Streisand . Later , he expressed his nervousness about having the star on the program given her reputation for being difficult . "  I thought you might be a nightmare , or a diva , but you were nice to everybody here , " Fallon said . "  You are allowed to be a diva . What did you do with Barbra Streisand ?! " The singer even Instagrammed a photo of herself getting makeup done for the show with the caption , "  Last touches ... getting ready for Jimmy . #thetonightshow . " As for how Fallon matched her pipes during their duet , Streisand jokingly deadpanned , "  I would n't give up your night job , " before saying that she and her husband , actor James Brolin , are big fans of Fallon and his show .	Barbra Streisand last appeared on "  The Tonight Show " 51 years ago She and host Jimmy Fallon sang together He said he expected the star to be a diva
CNN  -- So much for "  Peaceful Easy Feeling . " North Charleston , South Carolina , police say a woman is charged with cutting her housemate with kitchen knives because he would n't stop playing music by the classic rock band The Eagles . The 54-year-old woman was arrested early Tuesday and booked on "  criminal domestic violence of a high and aggravated nature . " In plain language , cops say she knifed the victim -- her former boyfriend -- because he would n't stop playing the band known for hits including "  Hotel California , " "  Heartache Tonight " and "  Desperado . " The 64-year-old victim suffered lacerations on an arm , elbow and hand , police said in a report , but was not seriously injured . The man was listening to The Eagles when his housemate told him she did n't want to hear the band anymore , according to police . Their disagreement quickly escalated when the victim told the woman to "  shut up , " police said . The woman then went to the kitchen , grabbed a 14-inch serrated bread knife and started to swing it at the man , police said . The man was cut several times before he and a friend restrained the woman . The two men eventually let her go , only to have the woman grab another knife and cut the victim several more times , police said . Police added that "  all parties involved were intoxicated . " As to whether a particular Eagles song took the argument to the limit , a police spokesman said he did n't know .	A South Carolina woman did n't like her housemate 's choice of music , police say When the housemate would n't stop playing the rock band The Eagles , the two argued The woman grabbed kitchen knives , police said , and cut the man as the argument ran on The woman was arrested ; the man was not seriously injured
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- The final autopsy report on a San Diego State exchange student whose body was pulled from a Madrid river last March indicates an accidental drowning death with no signs of external violence , a Spanish court official said on Tuesday . The student , Austin Taylor Bice , 22 , was studying a semester of business courses at the University of Carlos III in Madrid when he went missing after a night out with friends . He was last seen outside a nightclub on the banks of Madrid 's Manzanares River . Ten days later , on March 8 , police pulled his body from the river . "  There was nothing found in the body that would indicate external factors in the death . There were no wounds on the body , " said the official from Madrid 's Superior Justice Tribunal . He spoke on the customary condition of anonymity . He said the autopsy also showed a "  high level " of alcohol in the blood . A Madrid judge has kept the case , which is confidential by law , open for further investigation . There was no immediate word on when it might be closed definitively , the official said . After his disappearance , Bice 's friends quickly organized a campaign to put up posters of him around Madrid , which read "  Missing . Austin Taylor Bice . U.S. citizen , 22 , 1.95 meters tall and 100 kilograms "  6 feet , 5 inches and 220 pounds  , and Spanish and U.S. media reported on the search . Bice 's father Larry , an accountant , rushed to Madrid from San Diego to search for his son and met several times with Spanish and U.S. authorities . The family hired private investigators , at first to try to find the student , and later , after his body was recovered , to try to determine what happened , the elder Bice told CNN . At the time of the search , a family member told CNN in Madrid that contrary to initial reports , Bice was not refused entry to the nightclub by doormen and was not drunk , although "  he had a few beers . " Instead , he just decided to go home . On March 8 , when police recovered the body , an initial visual inspection did not indicate any signs of violence , Madrid officials said at the time . The U.S.-based Institute of International Education said that in 2007 , Spain was the third most popular destination worldwide for Americans studying abroad , after the United Kingdom and Italy . It said there were about 17,000 American students in Spain . The University of Carlos III , where Bice was studying , has 18,000 students , of whom 1,500 are from abroad , including about 220 Americans , Carlos Lopez Terradas , the school 's head of international relations , told CNN in early March .	Student went missing after a night out with friends Ten days later , police pulled his body from the Manzanares River A court official says nothing indicated external factors in his death
Beijing  CNN  -- A Chinese court adjourned the public trial Tuesday of a police chief who triggered one of China 's biggest political scandals in decades by famously seeking refuge in a U.S. consulate in February . The verdict will be announced at a later date along with sentencing , court officials told reporters after the trial . Court proceedings ended after five hours of public hearing Tuesday , following a one-day trial held in secret Monday due to the confidential nature of the information , officials said . Wang , 52 , is facing four charges of defection , bribe-taking , abuse of power and "  bending the law for selfish ends . " Wang did n't contest the charges , court officials said . Until February , Wang was considered the right-hand man of disgraced politician Bo Xilai , once considered among Communist royalty and a fast-rising star within the party destined for the highest office of the country . Read more : The downfall of Bo Xilai After being suddenly dismissed as police chief , Wang spectacularly sought refuge for one day inside the U.S. Consulate in Chengdu , apparently fearing for his life and allegedly holding incriminating information against his boss . Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , poisoned and killed Neil Heywood , a British businessman and Bo family friend , last November amid a financial dispute . She was convicted of murder in August and given a suspended death sentence . According to the state-run news agency Xinhua Tuesday , prosecutors said Wang knew "  perfectly well " that Gu was suspected of murder , but deliberately covered up for her so she would not be held legally responsible for Heywood 's death . Four high-ranking police officers who once worked under Wang were convicted of covering up the Heywood murder and received prison sentences ranging from five to 11 years . Another former top deputy of Wang was recently arrested and accused of taking bribes . A court official told reporters Tuesday that Wang 's defense team argued that he provided useful evidence in securing Gu 's conviction . They also pointed out that he left the U.S. consulate voluntarily and on those grounds appealed for leniency in his sentencing . According to Xinhua , prosecutors also accused Wang of using "  technical reconnaissance measures " against "  many people on multiple occasions , either without the approval of authorities or by forging approval documents . " They alleged his acts "  severely undermined the socialist rule of law " and "  infringed citizens ' legitimate rights and interests . " Prosecutors also alleged Wang took advantage of his position as police chief to accept bribes and property worth more than 3.05 million yuan  U.S. $ 484,127  in return for "  securing benefits " for other people , though Xinhua did not report what those benefits were . On the defection charge , prosecutors said Wang , as a holder of state secrets , "  left his position without authorization and defected to another country 's consulate while he was performing his official duty . " Wang 's decision to flee to the U.S. consulate in February threw the Communist Party into crisis mode by threatening to expose ructions within the leading Party just months away from a once-in-a-decade leadership change . Read more : Disgraced Party chief looms large over leadership Censors moved into overdrive to silence public speculation about why Wang had fled and what it had to do with Bo , then a popular politician and contender for China 's Politburo Standing Committee , the nine-member team that effectively rules the country . In April , two months after Wang fled , the government announced that Bo was being stripped of his leadership positions for "  serious breach of party discipline . " He has not been seen publicly since . Wang headed the police department of Chongqing , a sprawling southwestern metropolis with more than 30 million residents , during most of the period when Bo was the local party chief from late 2007 to early this year . Wang 's indictment quoted by Xinhua did not mention Bo , but prosecutors alleged that the former police official "  illegally used technical surveillance measures . " Analysts say the accusation may reflect rumors that Wang had bugged other senior officials to benefit Bo politically . Bo , 63 , a charismatic albeit controversial politician , launched a "  smashing black , singing red " campaign in Chongqing that promoted Communist ideology as zealously as it cracked down on organized crime . His economic programs , which included millions spent on social welfare , made him a popular leader in Chongqing . But analysts say his populist policies and high-profile personal style were seen as a challenge to the more economically liberal and reform-oriented faction that dominated the current party leadership . Bo and Wang were known to have worked closely on Bo 's signature crime-fighting program in 2009 . In just 10 months , Chongqing police arrested almost 5,000 people and executed more than a dozen . Wang was taken into custody once he left the consulate for entering the diplomatic post without authorization . Analysts say his gambit forced China to deal with the scandal with an unprecedented level of transparency , prodded along by social media . It is now rumored that the 18th Communist Party Congress , a meeting where a new generation of leaders is expected to be unveiled , will be held in the middle of next month . The current leadership under President Hu Jintao is trying to resolve the Bo affair before its once-in-a-decade power transition , according to Joseph Fewsmith , an international relations professor at Boston University and a longtime China watcher . "  There was a desire on the part of the Chinese Communist Party to get this case settled , " he said . "  It 's not yet , but it is out of the party and into the hands of criminal courts -- well before the 18th Party Congress . " The conviction rate for criminal trials in China stood at 99.9 % in 2010 , a U.S. State Department report quoted the Chinese Supreme People 's Court as saying .	NEW : Trial ends for former Chongqing police chief Wang Lijun In February he fled to the U.S. consulate , triggering political crisis Wang faces four charges including defection and bribe-taking He was considered right-hand man of now disgraced politician Bo Xilai
Health officials are looking for the cause of a neurologic illness that 's affected 10 children in Colorado . The children were hospitalized between August 9 and September 28 with muscle weakness in their limbs , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Something is affecting the children 's motor nerves , causing weakness primarily in their shoulders , triceps , biceps and hips , says Dr. Joyce Oleszek , a pediatric rehabilitation specialist at Children 's Hospital Colorado . Doctors are also seeing some weakness in the neck and facial muscles in these patients . "  It seems to be attacking the spinal cord and brain stem , " Oleszek said at a press conference Monday . MRI tests spotted abnormalities in the children 's spinal gray matter . Most of the children experienced a respiratory illness before being admitted to the hospital , although only two had a history of asthma . The latest case was a girl who arrived at Children 's Hospital Colorado over the weekend . She and three of the other patients are still at the hospital . The rest have been discharged , said Dr. Sam Dominguez , a microbial epidemiologist at the hospital . Doctors do not know if the neurological damage will be permanent . The CDC is investigating the cause of these symptoms . Health officials do not believe that the cases were caused by polio , as at least eight of the 10 children are up to date on their polio vaccinations . "  We do n't know , at this point , if there is any association between the enterovirus EV-D68 that 's circulating and the paralytic conditions some of the children in Colorado are experiencing , " CDC spokesman Tom Skinner said . Tests of the children 's cerebrospinal fluid came back negative for enteroviruses and West Nile virus . But a test of their nasal passages found enterovirus in six out of eight patients who were tested . Of those six , four tested positive for enterovirus D68 , which has been sending children across North America to the hospital with severe respiratory illnesses . The other two test results are pending . "  It could be something else . That does n't prove cause and effect , but it 's circumstantial evidence , " said Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases . The cause "  still remains a puzzle . " Enterovirus : My son was ` like a goldfish gasping for breath ' A cluster of children with similar paralysis symptoms was identified in California last year . Samples from two of the children tested positive for enterovirus D68 . Enterovirus D68 is part of the Picornaviridae family , which also includes the poliovirus , other enteroviruses and rhinoviruses . Enteroviruses are very common , especially in late summer and early fall . The CDC estimates that 10 million to 15 million infections occur in the United States each year . These viruses usually appear like the common cold ; symptoms include sneezing , a runny nose and a cough . Most people recover without any treatment . But some types of enterovirus are more serious . These can cause hand , foot and mouth disease ; viral meningitis ; encephalitis  inflammation of the brain  ; an infection of the heart ; and paralysis in some patients . This year , enterovirus D68 seems to be exacerbating breathing problems in children who have asthma . The virus has infected at least 277 people in 40 states , according to the CDC . Cases have also been reported in Canada . Children 's Hospital Colorado has treated over 4,000 children with severe respiratory illness since August 18 , said Dr. Chris Nyquist , medical director for Infection Prevention and Control . About 10 % were admitted . CNN affiliate WCBS reported Friday that a New Jersey toddler died last week from a severe respiratory illness and that the CDC will be testing samples to see whether he had enterovirus D68 . The CDC is asking other hospitals across the country to be on the lookout for similar cases and to send in information on any patients with these symptoms . "  Parents should n't panic , " Nyquist says . "  This is very , very uncommon . " Common-sense things , like frequent hand-washing and avoiding sick people , can help protect kids from becoming infected , she said .	"  It seems to be attacking the spinal cord and brain stem , " doctor says MRI tests spotted abnormalities in sick children 's spinal gray matter Health officials are looking for the cause ; it may be enterovirus Ten children in Colorado hospitalized with limb paralysis
CNN  Boxing legend Muhammad Ali is back at home following several days in the hospital , a family spokesman said Friday . Ali , who has Parkinson 's disease and received follow-up care for a urinary tract infection this week at an undisclosed hospital , was released as expected Friday , the day before his 73rd birthday . Bob Gunnell said Ali is looking forward to gathering with family and friends to watch a college basketball game Saturday between the Duke Blue Devils and his hometown team , the Louisville Cardinals . His family thanked fans in a written statement for "  the outpouring of support and continued well wishes . " Ali was initially released from the hospital on January 7 after an 18-day stay . Born Cassius Clay , the fighter won an Olympic gold medal as a light-heavyweight at 18 . In 1964 , he became world heavyweight champion in an upset victory over Sonny Liston . Shortly thereafter , he changed his name to Muhammad Ali to reflect his conversion to Islam . The boxer was also known for his protest against the Vietnam War and refusing to be drafted on religious grounds . He won his first 31 professional fights before losing to Joe Frazier in 1971 , a bout hailed by some boxing experts as one of the greatest of all time . He retired from boxing in 1981 as a three-time heavyweight champion and announced his diagnosis with Parkinson 's three years later .	Muhammad Ali was getting follow-up care for a urinary tract infection , a spokesman says His 73rd birthday is Saturday His family thanks fans for support and well wishes
CNN  -- CNN Latino , the Spanish-language programming block custom-made for the U.S. Hispanic market , is expanding to New York , Orlando , Tampa and Phoenix , CNN en Español announced today . "  We are taking the power of the CNN brand with all the content from around the world and customizing it for different shows and blocks for CNN Latino , " said Cynthia Hudson , senior vice president and general manager of CNN en Español and Hispanic Strategy for CNN/U . S. CNN en Español 's "  Conclusiones " and "  Cala " are the only shows that are repurposed for CNN Latino . "  We believe that CNN Latino programming is a great alternative to the current offering of Hispanic broadcast content in the U.S. , " said Hudson . These four markets -- in addition to the existing local channel in the Los Angeles area -- will serve markets that represent about a quarter of Hispanic households . This growing population , at more than 50 million , with spending power of $ 1 trillion by 2015 is projected to represent 30 % of the U.S. population by 2050 , according to Forbes . "  Sin Limites , " hosted by Elizabeth Espinosa , will continue to be CNN Latino 's production for the Los Angeles market . Why CNN Latino will be different from every other Latino media outlet CNN Latino signed with WBQM-LD Channel 3 , a low-power television station in New York , the second-largest Hispanic market with 1,360,660 Hispanic TV households that account for about 18 % of total households . The joint venture will carry the CNN Latino eight-hour programming block from 3-11 p.m. ET , as well as its current mix of local production and programming from Latin American partners , including shows from ColorVisión Channel 9 in the Dominican Republic , Jorge Barón Televisión in Colombia and RBC Televisión in Perú . CNN Latino brings in LA 's Elizabeth Espinosa In Orlando , CNN Latino will be carried on WATV-LV Channel 47.1 , which covers the area of Orlando , Kissimmee , Sanford and Poinciana . Orlando is ranked 17th among Hispanic TV markets and has over 232,000 Hispanic TV households . In Tampa , CNN Latino will be carried on WTAM Chanel 30.1 , which covers the area of Tampa , Clearwater , St. Petersburg , Bradenton , Sarasota , Zephyrhills , Brandon and Riverview . Tampa is ranked 19th among Hispanic TV markets and has more than 220,000 Hispanic TV households . "  For many years , the Central Florida region has been anxiously waiting to watch high-quality Hispanic television outside of the traditional novelas , dramas and game shows which narrowly defines the interests of Hispanics , " said Francisco Moll , SIMA Communications Operations Manager and business partner of Tampa . SIMA partners are also part of the TMA-TIG joint venture . All the affiliated stations will transmit CNN Latino programming , including "  Sin Límites con Elizabeth Espinosa , " "  Panorama USA , " "  Cala , " "  Magazine CNN , " "  Archivo CNN , " "  Nuestro Mundo , " "  Cruzando Fronteras , " "  Showbiz Latino , " "  Contrastes , " "  Dra . Azaret , " "  Deportes USA " and other original content for the U.S. Hispanic market . These new markets will join the likes of News Corp and Colombia 's RCN Television , which are behind the Spanish-language network MundoFox , and ABC News/Univision  now Fusion  in launching a 24-hour English-language network , all aimed at the U.S. Hispanic audience . CNN en Espanol talks with Larry King on Castro , Chavez and the richest man in the world	CNN Latino coming to New York , Orlando , Tampa and Phoenix "  We are taking the power of the CNN brand with all the content and customizing it " Hispanics ' spending power estimated to be $ 1 trillion by 2015 All the affiliated stations will transmit CNN Latino programming
CNN  -- Just how bad is the civil unrest associated with the Occupy protests in some U.S. cities ? This bad : There is an online petition calling on California Gov. Jerry Brown to send the National Guard to protect Occupy Oakland protesters from the city 's police department . In recent weeks , hundreds of protesters in Oakland have clashed with police officers in riot gear . In one tragic incident , a 24-year-old Iraq war veteran named Scott Olsen was critically injured when he was hit in the head by a teargas canister at close range . Even compared to the Occupy Wall Street demonstrations and other protests around the country , what 's happening in Oakland shocks the senses . Judging from video and firsthand accounts , the police in that city have been especially brutal in dealing with the protesters . Just two decades ago , in the 1990s , the favored law-enforcement approach was community policing : the idea that police were most effective when they were intertwined with the community . This is a throwback to an earlier time , when a cop walked a beat , knew the neighborhoods and made sure doors were locked after dark . Now , in some cases , instead of the police serving the community , it 's more like the police are at war with the community . How did we get here , in Oakland and elsewhere ? And how do we go back ? I have a friend who thinks he knows what went wrong . He 's a cop who has been on the force more than 25 years , having worked himself into the upper management ranks of a midsized police department near San Diego . I 'm comfortable in that world . My father is a retired cop who spent 37 years on the job . I grew up around cops . And now , some of my good friends are cops . I often say that while I cover politicians for a living , I 'd rather spend the day with police . Yet my relationship with the institution of law enforcement is also complicated . My upbringing does n't prevent me from -- in the course of doing my job -- criticizing police officers or law enforcement agencies when they turn into bullies , betray the public trust or deny a suspect due process . I 'm also highly critical of the tendency of some police officers to dabble in areas of law enforcement they do n't understand , such as federal immigration law . The siege in Oakland , where police have repeatedly clashed with protesters , reminds us that there 's one other thing that police officers should n't do : impersonate soldiers . That 's what concerns my friend , who agreed to talk with me on the condition of anonymity , given the sensitive nature of the subject . Like many law enforcement officers , he was in the military . But after he was discharged he began a career in civilian law enforcement . He knows the difference between the job that he used to have and the one he has now . But , he fears , that may not be true for a lot of cops on patrol these days . The way my friend sees it , our police forces have become militarized . "  The mission has n't changed , " he said , "  And that 's to make people feel safe in their communities . It 's how we go about doing it that has changed . " These are miniature armies , stocked with every weapon imaginable -- all at the officer 's disposal . "  You make adjustments here and there , " he said , "  The next thing you know , there are machine guns in the squad cars . " You heard right . Machine guns . And not in a weapons locker back at the station house . In many cities , the machine guns are in the police cars , next to the standard issue shotgun . On the officer 's belt : a Taser , .40 caliber handgun with 16 bullets in the clip and one in the chamber , a baton and mace . And that 's for one officer . Multiply it out , and you 'll get an idea of how much firepower is circulating out on the street . There is more on the way . Leaf through a police magazine these days and you 'll see ads for automatic weapons , military equipment and the like -- all being pitched at police officers . Midsized and larger police departments have long had SWAT teams . But now , even patrol officers have access to more firepower than they used to . The must-have item this holiday season : an armored assault vehicle . That 's right . A tank , which will be back at the station house if you need it . "  There 's a sense among new recruits that police work is about soldiering , " my friend lamented . "  And we do n't discourage it . In fact , we encourage it -- when  in reality  about 90 % of what we do is community relations . " He 's right . Law enforcement is n't about kicking down doors . It 's about building and maintaining relationships . Police officers have the power to either make their job simpler or more difficult . If they treat people well and build relations , people will cooperate . They 'll have leads , witnesses and informants . But if they see the people they 're supposed to "  protect and serve " the way an occupying army sees the native population , they 're going to encounter resistance , suspicion , defiance and other things that make their job harder . That 's a recipe for chaos . Meanwhile , these mini-armies are always on the lookout for the next battle . And , as events in Oakland and around the country suggest , they usually find it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Occupy Oakland protests showed cops in violent clash with citizens He says increasingly cops everywhere trading community policing for more weapons He says officers in some cities have machine guns in cars , see job as soldiering Navarrette : Policing not about kicking down doors , it 's about building relationships .
London  CNN  -- The computer hacking collective LulzSec denied that a teenager arrested this week was a key player in the group , and claimed Wednesday it brought down the Brazilian government 's website . "  TANGO DOWN , " the group announced on Twitter , using military slang that has been appropriated by hackers to say they have interrupted service to a website . The websites of the Brazilian government and presidency were failing to load Wednesday morning , hours after LulzSec said it attacked them . It also downplayed the role in LulzSec of Ryan Clearly , whom British media have named as the 19-year-old hacker who was arrested in Essex , outside of London , on Monday . "  Ryan Cleary is not part of LulzSec ; we house one of our many legitimate chatrooms on his IRC server , but that 's it , " the group tweeted . "  Clearly the UK police are so desperate to catch us that they 've gone and arrested someone who is , at best , mildly associated with us . Lame . " The suspect remains in custody but has not yet been charged , London 's Metropolitan Police told CNN Wednesday . They did not confirm his identity . Naming suspects who have been arrested is illegal in Britain . On Tuesday they announced the arrest of a 19-year-old suspected of hacking into systems and mounting denial of service attacks against "  a number of international businesses and intelligence agencies . " A police spokesman , who declined to be named in line with custom , said the arrested man 's computers will be examined for activities related to hacks against the UK 's Serious Organized Crime Agency , the CIA and Sony . Sony 's PlayStation Network went down on April 20 after what Sony said was a massive data breach . It had more than 70 million subscribers at the time . It began coming back online in mid-May . The PlayStation Store did not reopen until June 2 . The company estimated the cost of that attack will total $ 171 million . Hackers later broke into Sony Pictures ' website , compromising the accounts of over 1 million users , and the gaming company Sega , stealing nearly 1.3 million users ' details via a British subsidiary of the Japanese company . Sega makes games for PlayStation and other gaming systems . The suspect 's computer will also be examined for links to LulzSec , another police spokesman told CNN , who also declined to be named in line with custom . "  This link has not been established yet as it is still early days , " the spokesman said . LulzSec posted an irreverent denial that its leader was the one arrested . "  Seems the glorious leader of LulzSec got arrested , it 's all over now ... wait ... we 're all still here ! Which poor bastard did they take down ? " they said on Twitter several hours after the announcement of the arrest . LulzSec claimed recently to have attacked the CIA website , and took credit for hacking into the website of the American public broadcaster PBS and posting a fake story saying the rapper Tupac Shakur was still alive . He was killed nearly 15 years ago . It 's unclear whether LulzSec members played a role in the Sony PlayStation Network breach . But they have posted on their website what they claim is proprietary information from Sony Pictures and other Sony properties ' websites . On Friday , on the occasion of their 1,000 th tweet , the group posted a manifesto of sorts in which they said people , including their targets and advocates of Internet freedom , should be thankful . "  The main anti-LulzSec argument suggests that ... our actions are causing clowns with pens to write new rules for you , " the group wrote . "  But what if we just had n't released anything ? What if we were silent ? That would mean we would be secretly inside FBI affiliates right now , inside PBS , inside Sony ... watching ... abusing ... . " They seemed to suggest that by making their attacks public , they 'll push websites to increase security . They said they 're sitting on account information for 200,000 players of the online game Brink , but moments later said that releasing people 's information is worth doing sometimes because it 's fun . "  Yes , yes , there 's always the argument that releasing everything in full is just as evil , what with accounts being stolen and abused , but welcome to 2011 , " they wrote . "  This is the lulz lizard era , where we do things just because we find it entertaining . " Analysts said the group appears to be some sort of spin-off of "  Anonymous , " the loose coalition of hackers that grew to prominence through their support of the whistle-blower site WikiLeaks . But while Anonymous has its own set of moral codes and is largely politically motivated , LulzSec seems to be random . For every hack like the one on PBS , which the group said came out of anger over a documentary about WikiLeaks , there 's the cracking of porn site pron.com -- and a subsequent public list of members ' e-mail addresses and passwords . CNN 's Per Nyberg , Carol Jordan and Doug Gross contributed to this report .	LulzSec says it attacked the Brazilian government website , which is down It says police are "  so desperate to catch us " they nabbed someone "  mildly associated " with LulzSec The hacker 's computers to be examined for information related to UK police , CIA and Sony hacks The suspect is linked to attacks on international businesses and intelligence agencies , police say
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Boxing great Joe Frazier , who went toe to toe three times with Muhammad Ali , including the famous "  Thrilla in Manila " fight , is seriously ill with liver cancer and is in a hospice , his personal and business manager said Saturday . Frazier , 67 , is in a Philadelphia facility , manager Leslie Wolff said . The former heavyweight champion was diagnosed just four or five weeks ago . "  He 's a true gentleman , " Wolff said . "  Along with Muhammad Ali ,  he is  one of the two most recognizable athletes in the world . " Frazier , nicknamed "  Smokin ' Joe , " used his devastating left hook with impunity during his professional career , retiring with a 32-4-1 record . Frazier , the son of a South Carolina sharecropper , boxed during the glory days of the heavyweight division , going up against greats George Foreman , Oscar Bonavena , Joe Bugner and Jimmy Ellis . But it was his three much-hyped fights against Ali that helped seal his legend . Frazier bested Ali at 1971 's "  Fight of the Century " at Madison Square Garden . In the 15th round , Frazier landed perhaps the most famous left hook in history , catching Ali on the jaw and dropping the former champ for a four-count , according to Frazier 's bio at the International Boxing Hall of Fame . Frazier left the ring still the champ after handing Ali his first professional defeat . SI : Top 10 greatest fights of all time Ali won a 12-round decision in a January 1974 rematch , setting the stage for the classic "  Thrilla in Manila " just outside the Philippine capital in 1975 . Ali took the early rounds , but Frazier rebounded before losing the last five rounds . By the end of the 14th , Frazier 's eyes were nearly swollen shut , and his corner stopped the bout , according to the biography . Later , Ali said , "  It was the closest I 've come to death . " Fans and well-wishers were encouraged to post their thoughts and prayers at joefrazierscorner.com . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Former heavyweight champion has liver cancer He was recently diagnosed and is in a Philadelphia hospice Frazier fought Muhammad Ali three times in the 1970s
CNN  -- Teachers and parents share a common purpose : educating children . But differing beliefs , expectations and methods can make collaboration more challenging . A 2011 story published on CNN.com by author and teacher Ron Clark , entitled "  What teachers really want to tell parents , " looked at reasons why educators give up on their field . He asserted that negativity from parents places undue pressure on teachers and advised greater cooperation . "  We are educators , not nannies , " Clark wrote . "  We are educated professionals who work with kids every day and often see your child in a different light than you do . If we give you advice , do n't fight it . " His opinion consistently resonated with readers over the next couple of years , which made it one of CNN 's most-shared stories on Facebook . The story has been recommended more than 898,000 times . Clark founded the Ron Clark Academy in Atlanta and was named "  American Teacher of the Year " by Disney and a "  Phenomenal Man " by Oprah Winfrey . But even Clark 's status as a leader in his field did n't fully explain why this story captivated people , so CNN revisited the idea with Facebook users last week by asking them to finish this sentence : "  The one thing parents/teachers really need to know is _____ . " Readers responded enthusiastically with more than 750 thoughtful posts . Their answers revealed stewing frustrations from teachers and parents alike . A few teachers described parents who seem like they are n't doing enough to help their children . Parents chimed in , too , with some saying teachers should use different strategies to reach students . The comments from the two groups created a spirited discussion that resembled a virtual parent/teacher conference . The exchange coincides with the time of year when many classrooms are having such meetings . Several respondents indicated a need for cooperation , with teachers and parents as allies . "  Parents need to know we 're in it for the kids ; obviously not for the money , " said Facebook user and Florida teacher Cindy Hoffman . "  We 're in a partnership , trying to do the best for the children as possible . Please do n't treat us as adversaries . " Some parents expressed a desire for greater connection with schools . "  Teachers need to know that some parents do care and want to be involved , " wrote Dana Fabrocini Dentino . "  Also , the kids who do their work and are well behaved -- they need some attention , too . " And some readers , like Tiffany Jean Williams-Solod , can relate to both worlds . "  As a parent , teachers , I want my child challenged every single day , and if she does n't get it , tell me so I can assist you , " she wrote . "  Do n't be afraid to tell me if my child disrespects you . " She , too , joined the many impassioned cries for greater cooperation . "  As a teacher  oh yes , I am both  I want parents to stop blaming teachers and start working with us , " Williams-Solod said . "  We ca n't fix everything , but remember we are humans and we are n't perfect . Also , teach your kids to respect us . " Click through the gallery to read more perspectives in this digital parent/teacher exchange . What do you think about this list , and what would you add ? What do you think is most important for parents or teachers to know ?	Ron Clark 's 2011 essay was shared more than 898,000 times on Facebook "  What teachers really want to tell parents " became one of CNN 's most-shared stories CNN asked readers what parents or teachers really need to know . What do you think ? Comment below
CNN  -- The NFL may take over Wembley Stadium -- England 's spiritual home of soccer -- every September and October but it was a racecourse that played host to one of gridiron 's biggest star 's Saturday as Denver Broncos Wes Welker flew in to cheer on his racehorse . A veteran of three Super Bowls , the 33-year-old wide receiver broke off from pre-season training to attend the Group One Darley July Cup at Newmarket -- an hour east of London -- even taking up bookmaker Paddy Power on a Â # 5,000  $ 8,560  Twitter charity bet . But there was to be no touchdown for Welker on English soil as his 25-1 shot -- named Undrafted -- ridden by jockey Frankie Dettori , finished fourth behind the winner and favorite Slade Power . Welker chose the horse 's name after he missed out on the draft upon completing college . While horse racing and soccer have enjoyed a close relationship in some countries -- England internationals Michael Owen and Wayne Rooney have snapped up their own racehorses -- the bonds are less common in U.S. sport . Welker caught the racing bug through a family friend , taking a small stake in two horses in 2011 and when the opportunity arose he snapped up Undrafted . "  I really enjoy the racing and training aspect because they are very similar to football players , " Welker told Britain 's Guardian newspaper Friday . "  They have short careers , and injuries play a huge part , so how you train them and get them ready is very similar to how we train and get ready . "  It 's kind of cool to see the similarities between the two athletes . " The four-year old gelding is highly regarded as a fine sprinter and won the $ 300,000 Jaipur at Belmont Park in June .	Wes Welker jets into UK to watch racehorse perform Undrafted finishes fourth in Group One Darley July Cup Four-year gelding won the $ 300,000 Jaipur at Belmont Park in June .
Washington  CNN  -- Two planes that nearly collided last month at Newark Liberty International Airport came within yards of each other , the National Transportation Safety Board said . United Express Flight 4100 , an Embraer ERJ-145 operated by ExpressJet , was cleared to take off on runway 4R at the same time United Airlines Flight 1243 , a Boeing 737 , was landing on the intersecting runway 29 on April 24 . On air traffic control radio captured by the website LiveATC.net , the tower can be heard telling the pilot of the 737 to "  go around " and circle the airport . The controller told the ERJ to watch out for the larger plane on the right . "  Yeah , we were putting the nose down , and , uh , he was real close , " the pilot responds . The 737 flew 135 yards away vertically and 50 yards away laterally from the smaller regional jet . "  We are working with the NTSB in its review of the incident , " United spokeswoman Christen David told CNN . There was no damage to either aircraft or any injuries , according to the NTSB . The agency will not make a determination of what caused the incident until it releases its final report , which is expected to take months . NTSB : Air traffic controllers set altitudes of planes that nearly collided off Hawaii Drone , jetliner nearly collided	A United Airlines flight landing at Newark Airport nearly hit a plane waiting to take off The Boeing 737 was 135 yards away vertically , 50 yards away laterally , NTSB says The aircraft were operating on intersecting runways during the April incident
CNN  -- Mexico 's war against the drug cartels is frustrated by a risk-averse army and interagency rivalries , according to U.S. diplomatic cables obtained by WikiLeaks . But amid some downbeat assessments of the challenges faced by President Felipe Calderon , some of the cables celebrate outstanding successes against the cartel "  capos . " One such success came almost exactly a year ago , when a Mexican naval unit killed one of Mexico 's leading cartel figures , Arturo Beltran Leyva -- with plenty of assistance from the United States . "  The arrest operation targeting ABL began about a week prior to his death when the Embassy relayed detailed information on his location to SEMAR -LSB- Mexican Navy -RSB- , " according to a cable sent soon after the operation . The naval unit "  raided an identified location , where they killed several ABL bodyguards and arrested over 23 associates , while ABL and Hector -LSB- his brother -RSB- escaped . " But time was running out for Beltran Leyva  also known as El Fantasma and El Elegante  , thanks to U.S. surveillance . The cable continues : "  the Embassy interagency linked ABL to an apartment building located in Cuernavaca  about an hour south of Mexico City  , where ABL was in hiding ... . ABL 's forces fired on the SEMAR operatives and engaged in a sustained firefight that wounded three SEMAR marines and possibly killed one . " Besides Beltran Leyva , at least three other cartel operatives were killed during the Dec. 16 , 2009 , raid , with a fourth committing suicide . The success of the operation was especially pleasing to the United States because its military had spent years training Mexican naval units . Some might question why the navy was involved in a land operation . This and other cables provide the answer : The army had declined to act quickly on information about Beltran Leyva 's whereabouts and is described as "  risk averse . " After the Beltran Leyva operation , there was glowing praise from U.S. diplomats for Mexican navy units . "  SEMAR is well-trained , well-equipped , and has shown itself capable of responding quickly to actionable intelligence , " a cable read . "  Success puts the Army in the difficult position of explaining why it has been reluctant to act on good intelligence and conduct operations against high-level targets . " There is no euphoria about Beltran Leyva 's demise , but the embassy hopes it will mark a new beginning . "  His death will not solve Mexico 's drug problem , but it will hopefully generate the momentum necessary to make sustained progress against other drug trafficking organizations . " Since Beltran Leyva 's death , Mexican security forces have scored some significant successes in arresting or killing leading cartel members , and often SEMAR units have been in the vanguard . Last month the Navy Ministry confirmed its forces shot and killed Ezequiel Cardenas Guillen , alias "  Tony Tormenta , " one of the top members of the Gulf cartel . And , in January this year , there seemed to be optimism that some of the institutional challenges were at last being tackled . "  A truly joint effort to implement a new U.S.-Mexico strategy is yielding stronger organizational structures and interagency cooperation on both sides and a deeper understanding of the threat posed by the drug trafficking organizations , " reads one cable . The same cable noted that the Mexican Army -LSB- SEDENA -RSB- had for the first time asked the United States for special forces training . "  We need to capitalize on these cracks in the door . Any retreat on engagement on our side will only reinforce SEDENA 's instincts to revert to a closed and unaccountable institution . "	Diplomatic cables spell out successes against Mexican cartels Americans praise actions of Mexican naval units Cables detail operation against Arturo Beltran Leyva
CNN  -- Though we 're still in the early stages of 2014 , it is already proving one of the most expensive years for the travel industry . According to masFlight , an enterprise software company that crunches big data for the transport and logistics sectors , January 's bizarre weather patterns have already cost passengers flying into and out of the U.S. $ 2.5 billion , and airlines between $ 75m and $ 150m because of canceled and delayed flights . "  It 's not easy for an airline to recoup losses resulting from an aircraft being delayed or canceled , " says Tulinda Larsen , masFlight 's vice president of business development . "  The cost of pilots that do n't take off , the crew overtime , reimbursing tickets -- those costs are n't easy to make up . " For passengers , a plane stuck on the tarmac can cost more than aggravation and the price of a ticket . Even with a refund , stranded fliers are stuck with the bill for hotel rooms , taxis , rental cars , food and other unanticipated expenses . "  On average , a canceled flight takes a passenger an additional 18 hours of travel time to get to their destination , " Larsen explains . "  During that time , they 're going to incur costs they were n't anticipating , costs the airlines do n't have a responsibility to cover , so that passengers are going to be out of pocket . " According to flight-tracking website FlightAware , this has been the worst year on record for cancellations in the US . Since December 1 , 2013 , nearly 90,000 flights have been canceled . "  Domestically , it 's been a terrible year . By the end of January , we 've has as many cancellations as we usually see through mid-April , " says Mark Duell , FlightAware 's vice president of operations . Regional airlines were the most affected by the weather , though none as severely as JetBlue , which saw its revenue for January reduced by $ 45 million . "  While we generally have a strong ability to recapture revenue when we cancel flights during weather events by re-accommodating , our re-booking options for our customers during this high-traffic period were very limited , " admits JetBlue spokeswoman Tamara Young . According to Larsen , however , the weather in-and-of itself was n't what grounded millions of flyers , but the airline 's capacity to handle them . Larsen blames two government regulations for the issue , the first issued by the U.S. Department of Transportation delaying the amount of time a plane is allowed to stay on the tarmac to three hours  and imposing $ 27,500 in fines for carriers that do n't comply  , and the second is a restriction on how long pilots can remain on duty . "  Those are two artificial policy restraints that airlines are working with operationally , " she says . Another issue is airlines stuffing planes to capacity , meaning when there are cancellations or delays , there is less flexibility in booking passengers on an alternative flight . "  Load factor is the highest it 's been in history . It 's not easy to re-accommodate passengers a couple of days later , " Duell notes . Given the likelihood that this year 's bizarre weather patterns are possibly a result of climate change , and could become less of an anomaly and more the norm , one wonders how airlines are prepared to adjust in future years . Duell recons one bad winter wo n't be enough to spur airlines to action . "  No one will look at one winter and decide to spend a lot of money they do n't have , " he says . "  But I think if we see a lot of bad winters in a row , airlines will invest in more tools , processes , and procedures to help them recover . " Read more : Passengers behaving badly Read more : How do you protect airplanes from the cold ?	Bad weather has caused an historic number of flight cancellations and delays in and out of U.S. Cancellations and delays cost passengers $ 2.5 billion in 2014 so far They 've cost airlines an additional $ 75m to $ 150m
CNN  -- Ariel Sharon , the former Israeli prime minister who died Saturday at age 85 , made a name for himself as a military and political leader who put Israel 's security above all else . It was a position that earned the controversial figure the nickname "  the bulldozer " as a fearless leader who got things done . To many Israelis , he was a hero . To some in the Arab world , he was a killer . Here are five things to know about Sharon : 1 . Some saw him as a war hero : Sharon , who rose through the ranks of the Israeli Defense Forces , first gained hero status among Israelis during the 1967 Six Day War that saw Israel attack Egypt , Jordan and Syria to counter what they saw as an impending attack by the Arab nations . Under Sharon 's command , Israeli troops routed Egyptian forces during a nighttime battle to capture Um Cataf , a crucial crossroads in the Sinai . That victory is considered a major factor in Egypt 's loss of the Sinai to Israel . During the 1973 Yom Kippur War , Sharon earned the nickname "  The Lion of God " among Israelis for surrounding Egypt 's Third Army and , defying orders , leading 200 tanks and 5,000 men across the Suez Canal -- roughly 100 miles from Cairo . Israelis mourned the death of Ariel Sharon 2 . Others accused him of war crimes During the Lebanon war in 1982 , Sharon -- a former army general then serving as Israeli defense minister -- was held indirectly responsible by an Israeli inquiry in the 1983 massacre of Palestinians by a Lebanese Christian military at the Sabra and Shatila refugee camps . The inquiry -- which led to Sharon 's prompt resignation -- found he did nothing to stop Christian militiamen allied with Israel from entering the camps , despite fears they might seek to avenge the killing of their leader the previous day . Many in the Arab world dubbed Sharon "  the Butcher of Beirut , " and Palestinians attempted to bring war crimes charges against him in European courts . 3 . He made a provocative visit to an important mosque Sharon long insisted that a controversial visit to the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem , one of Islam 's most holy sites , in 2000 was not a provocation . But it is considered among many to be one of the flashpoints that sparked the Second Intifada , a Palestinian uprising that followed a failed round of peace talks with Israelis . During the visit , Sharon walked through the mosque 's compound . Within hours , protests over his visit turned violent . The mosque and its compound sits on Temple Mount , a holy site for Jews , that is known to Muslims as Haram al Sharif , "  The Noble Sanctuary . " At the time , according to published reports , Sharon said his visit was intended as a message of peace . But critics have said Sharon , already considered a possible contender for Israeli prime minister , knew the visit to Al-Aqsa would spark violence . Ariel Sharon : A life on front lines of war and politics 4 . He removed settlers from parts of the West Bank and Gaza late in his career : Sharon , who early in his political career promoted the establishment of settlements on occupied land , appeared to do an about face in 2005 when he ordered the Israeli withdrawal from 25 settlements in the West Bank and Gaza . Under Sharon 's order , the military dragged settlers from their homes . The move was part of Sharon 's plan to pull Israeli troops from Gaza , ending nearly four decades of control . While considered an essential move for peace talks , Sharon 's right-wing Likud Party was outraged . It lead Sharon to break with his party and form a new one -- Kadima , Hebrew for "  Forward . " 5 . He suffered strokes , spent years in a coma Sharon was serving as a prime minister when suffered a small stroke in December 2005 . That was followed by a massive stroke in January 2006 that left him on a respirator and in a comatose state . Immediately after he fell ill , his power was transferred to Vice Premier Ehud Olmert . In April 2006 , Israel 's cabinet formally ended his term as prime minister after declaring him permanently incapacitated . The former prime minister 's health fluctuated during the time he was in a coma . In January 2013 , doctors said testing on Sharon indicated some brain activity when he was shown photos of his home and heard his son 's voice . CNN 's Alan Duke and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is dead at 85 Sharon had been in coma for past 8 years after suffering massive stroke Israelis saw him as war hero , but many in Arab world see him as a villain
CNN  -- Usain Bolt has won a third consecutive world 200m title at the world championships in Moscow . The Jamaican sprinter powered home in a time of 19.66 seconds at the Luzhniki stadium to take his tally of world championship gold medals to seven . His compatriot Warren Weir took the silver in 19.79 seconds while U.S. sprinter Curtis Mitchell claimed the bronze in a time of 20.04 seconds . Bolt may not have been at his blistering best at these championships but has still put clear daylight between himself and his fellow sprinters when it matters most . The 26-year-old was run close by South Africa 's Anaso Jobodwana in Friday 's 200m semifinal but effortlessly stepped up a gear in the final . Running in lane four , Bolt powered around the bend leaving the field trailing in his wake . Weir chased gamely and was closing on Bolt as he crossed the line but the result , as always , was never in doubt . Bolt will look to add a eighth gold medal to his world championship collection on Sunday when he goes in the 4x100m relay . Six other gold medals were up for grabs on Saturday with Russia having a good day both on the track and in the field . Svetlana Shkolina won the women 's high jump for Russia going clear at 2.03 meters to beat U.S. rival Brigetta Barrett  2.00 m  who took silver . Shkolina 's teammate Anna Chicherova shared bronze with Spain 's Ruth Beitia . Russia 's women also pipped the U.S. to gold in the 4x400m relay as Antonina Krivoshapka held off a challenge from Francina McCrory of the U.S. on the anchor leg . Great Britain and Ireland took the bronze . But there was better news for the U.S. in the 100m hurdles with Brianna Rollins recovering from a poor start to take gold in 12.44 seconds ahead of 2011 world champion Sally Pearson from Australia . Great Britain and Ireland 's Tiffany Porter took bronze . In the men 's marathon , Stephen Kiprotich added world gold to the Olympic title he won in London last year . The Ugandan clocked a winning time of two hours nine minutes 51 seconds with Ethiopia 's Lelisa Desisa taking silver with teammate Tadese Tola claiming the bronze . Ethiopia 's Meseret Defar regained the women 's 5,000-meter title in a time of 14 minutes 50.19 seconds . Kenya 's Mercy Cherono took the silver with Defar 's compatriot Almaz Ayana taking bronze . Russia are top of the medal table with one day of competition left . The hosts have seven golds with the U.S. one behind on six . Jamaica is third with four golds .	Jamaican sprinter wins 200m final in 19.66 seconds Compatriot Warren Weir takes silver in 19.79 seconds U.S. sprinter Curtis Mitchell takes bronze Russia top medals table with seven golds with one day of competition remaining
CNN  -- Comic Tracy Morgan returned to Nashville on Tuesday , and vowed to change his stand up comedy act to "  heal people , not hurt . " Morgan , who went on an onstage anti-gay rant there three weeks earlier , delivered a personal apology to "  the people at the show for bumming them out . " "  I did n't know . I did n't mean it , " Morgan said . Morgan is a star of the hit NBC sitcom "  30 Rock " and is a "  Saturday Night Live " veteran . Details of his anti-gay remarks emerged after an audience member Kevin Rogers , who is gay , posted them on a Facebook blog . Rogers ' blog was picked up by Jezebel magazine , triggering a controversy that led to Morgan 's contrition . Morgan agreed to fly back to Nashville this week to meet with members of the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation  GLAAD  to deliver a face-to-face apology to people who were in the Ryman Auditorium and to work with the Tennessee Equality Project , GLAAD said . "  I do n't have a hateful bone in my body , " Morgan said . "  I do n't believe anyone should be bullied or made to feel bad about who they are . " Roger wrote in his blog post that Morgan "  mentioned that gay was something kids learn from the media and programming , and that bullied kids should just bust some ass and beat those other little f**ker s that bully them , not whine about it . " Morgan said that if his own son told him he was gay , he would "  pull out a knife and stab " him , Rogers wrote . "  The sad thing is that none of this rant was a joke , " Rogers wrote . "  His entire demeanor changed during that portion of the night . He was truly filled with some hate towards us . " Rogers sat next to Morgan Tuesday morning as he publicly apologized . "  He shared his genuine concern with his words and has promised me that his actions going forward are going to be positive and supportive of my community , " Rogers said . "  I greatly appreciate what he said and really appreciate him taking time out to come back and try and right what I believe to be just a huge mistake . " Morgan said the controversy has given him the "  opportunity to change my message onstage . " "  In my heart , I really do n't care who you love , same sex or not , as long as you have the ability to love , that 's the important thing here , " he said . Stand up comedy should "  heal people , not hurt , " he said . "  I hurt people with this , so from the bottom of my heart I apologize to everybody who I offended with my words on stage , " he said . Morgan has also agreed to record a public service announcement for GLAAD 's upcoming "  Amplify Your Voice " campaign , the group said . CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I did n't know , I did n't mean it , " Morgan says about his anti-gay rant NEW : "  I do n't have a hateful bone in my body , " Morgan says NEW : Gay man who was in the audience during the rant accepts Morgan 's apology His remarks , delivered June 3 , become public after an audience member posts them online
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. State Department on Friday ramped up its warnings urging Americans not to join other activists in a flotilla , expected to sail soon , aimed at challenging Israel 's maritime blockage of the Gaza strip . According to organizers , the flotilla is meant to commemorate the one-year anniversary of a similar flotilla that resulted in a clash in international waters with Israeli navy commandos that left nine people -- including an American citizen -- dead . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters Friday that she did n't think the plan "  is useful or productive or helpful to the people of Gaza . " "  We have certainly encouraged that American citizens not participate in the flotilla , " she said , "  and we are urging that all precautions be taken to avoid any kind of confrontation . " Clinton 's comments followed an even harsher statement by State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland , in which she criticized what she called "  irresponsible and provocative actions that risk the safety of their passengers . " Last May , the Mavi Marmara -- owned by the Turkish Humanitarian Relief Foundation , or IHH -- and five other ships were on their way to Gaza , carrying humanitarian aid and about 700 activists from various countries , when Israeli soldiers swarmed aboard it . Despite international condemnation , an independent Israeli commission , led by retired judge Yaakov Turkel , later found that Israeli commandos "  acted professionally and in a measured manner in the face of unanticipated violence " when they seized the Gaza-bound aid ship . In September , the U.N. Human Rights Council found Israeli forces "  committed serious violations of international law " in the raid and suggested that six of the civilian deaths were "  consistent with ... an arbitrary and summary execution . " Israel called the report "  as biased and as one-sided as the body that has produced it . " The U.S. State Department earlier this week issued a travel warning advisting U.S. citizens "  against traveling to Gaza by any means , including via sea . " "  Previous attempts to enter Gaza by sea have been stopped by Israeli naval vessels and resulted in the injury , death , arrest , and deportation of U.S. citizens , " the State Department statement said . "  U.S. citizens participating in any effort to reach Gaza by sea should understand that they may face arrest , prosecution , and deportation by the government of Israel . " Ali Abunimah , a blogger for the Electronic Intifada and supporter of the protest , accused Clinton of seeming to "  lay the ground -- indeed almost provide a green light -- for an Israeli military attack on the upcoming Gaza Freedom Flotilla . " Activists say the blockade is illegal and has worked to undermine Gaza 's already fledgling economy . Israel has promised to block any attempt to break a blockade that they say is important in keeping weapons from being delivered to Gaza . The protesters said they raised funds to purchase a U.S.-flagged vessel , which they named "  The Audacity of Hope , " a reference to the best-selling book of the same title by President Barack Obama . The boat , they claim , will carry 36 passengers , four crew members , and ten journalists . The protesters say they want to "  challenge U.S. foreign policy " by providing aid and supplies directly to the citizens of Gaza , in spite of Israel 's blockade . "  We encourage all Americans to support our voyage , and to agitate with the US government and public opinion to ensure our safe passage to Gaza , " wrote Robert Naiman , policy director at the advocacy group Just Foreign Policy , who said he 'll be part of the flotilla . The State Department counters that , if the activists want to help the citizens of Gaza , there is a better -- and legal -- way to do it . Victoria Nuland , the department 's spokeswoman , told reporters , "  We 've got to use the channels that are safe , the channels that are going to guarantee that the aid get where it needs to go to the people it 's intended for . " Clinton added Thursday that it would be unwise to move toward Israeli waters and create "  a situation in which the Israelis have the right to defend themselves . " But these words did not impress Abunimah , who wrote that "  in light of Clinton 's statements , if any blood is spilled it will not only be on Israeli , but also American hands . "	50 people plan to sail to Gaza to protest Israel 's blockage of the Palestinian area Last year , 9 were killed after Israeli forces confronted a similar flotilla Sec . of State Clinton calls the plan not "  useful , " urges Americans not to take part An activist say the U.S. is giving Israel the "  green light " to attack the flotilla
CNN  -- Spanish champions Barcelona began 2011 with an 11th successive league victory on Sunday night to move five points clear of title rivals Real Madrid . Young winger Pedro Gonzalez , standing in for the absent Lionel Messi , scored both goals in the 2-1 victory over Levante while World Cup winner Xavi equaled the Catalan club 's all-time appearance record of 549 matches . After a scoreless first half in which Barcelona struggled to break down the Valencia side 's defense , Gonzalez broke the deadlock two minutes into the second period as he did well to make space inside the penalty and fire in a deflected low shot from Daniel Alves ' agonizingly delayed pass . With Messi allowed to take an extended winter holiday , the 23-year-old continued to make the most of his starting chance by adding his eight league goal this season in the 59th minute after Brazilian right-back Alves delivered a better-judged low cross into his path . Messi to miss Barcelona 's 2011 opener Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola was also without the services of injured captain Carles Puyol and the suspended Gerard Pique , and his depleted defense had to withstand a determined Levante fightback after Stuani 's superb left-foot volley reduced the deficit with 10 minutes to go . The 30-year-old Xavi , who made an all-Barcelona three-man shortlist for the FIFA Ballon d'Or award to be named this month , matched the milestone set by defender Migueli 20 years ago . "  It is an honor for Xavi , a home-bred player , to have worn the Barca shirt so many times , " club president Sandro Rosell said . "  Xavi has won everything and he represents the Barca values : effort , loyalty , work and heart . Loyalty is a difficult value to find , and what Xavi has done for Barca is extraordinary . " Levante , who have not beaten Barcelona in six visits to the Camp Nou , remained just two points above the relegation despite a marked improvement on the team 's last outing of 2010 -- an 8-0 drubbing by Real Madrid in the first leg of their last-16 Spanish Cup tie . Spanish league strike called off Second-placed Real will be boosted by the long-awaited return of Brazilian midfielder Kaka for Monday night 's derby with city rivals Getafe . Kaka , the second-most expensive signing in the Real squad behind Cristiano Ronaldo , has been sidelined since requiring knee surgery in early August before the start of this season . "  Kaka wo n't start , he ca n't yet . He can give us 15 or 20 minutes of his very great quality , but no more , " coach Jose Mourinho told reporters on Sunday . In the day 's other 17th-round matches , Valencia consolidated fourth place with a controversial 2-1 win over fellow Champions League hopefuls Espanyol , despite having striker Aritz Aduriz sent off in the 61st minute for hitting Francisco Chica with a flailing arm . Aduriz scored his seventh league goal this season and his 11th overall to put the home side ahead in the 29th minute , but fifth-placed Espanyol leveled when Portuguese defender Ricardo Costa inexplicably stooped to head Jose Callejon 's innocuous cross into his own net in first-half injury time . Espanyol could not take advantage of their numerical advantage , and Juan Mata nodded the winner in the second minute of time added on despite being in an offside position when Costa headed the ball across the goal . Sevilla seek to revive their own European qualification bid with a 1-0 victory at home to Osasuna that lifted the club into ninth place -- 23 points behind Barcelona . Striker Fredi Kanoute scored the only goal in the 36th minute as he raced to the near post to head in a freekick from Jesus Navas . The defeat left Osasuna in 15th place , four points above the bottom three . Deportivo La Coruna moved up to 11th place with a 2-1 victory at nine-man Athletic Bilbao , who stayed eighth . Forward Adrian Alvarez scored in each half for the visitors , the first from the penalty spot on 22 minutes and the second seven minutes after the break . Both teams were reduced to 10 men by the end of the first period , with Bilbao defender Mikel San Jose receiving a straight red card on 35 and Deportivo midfielder Juan Rodriguez also sent off for a second booking just before the interval . Striker Fernando Llorente reduced the deficit with four minutes to play with his 11th La Liga strike , but his teammate Ustaritz Aldekoaotalora was also marched for a second yellow card at the end . Malaga moved out of the relegation zone with a 2-1 win at second-bottom Sporting Gijon , coming from behind with goals from defender Weligton and midfielder Apono , who netted a 59th-minute penalty .	Spain midfielder Xavi matches Barcelona 's all-time appearance record of 549 games Winger Pedro nets both goals as Spanish leaders defeat Levante 2-1 at home Real Madrid boosted by Kaka 's return to squad for Monday 's derby with Getafe Ten-man Valencia consolidate fourth place with a controversial 2-1 win over Espanyol
CNN  -- A simple goal brought Alyssa Rieber to attend medical school at the University of Alabama at Birmingham 15 years ago . "  Just helping people , " she says . "  And I know that sounds so trite , and that 's what everybody says , but that 's really why I wanted to be a doctor ... to help people . " Rieber says she loved the movie "  Doc Hollywood " with Michael J. Fox , in which a doctor is sentenced to work in a small-town hospital . "  I was like , ` That 's what I want to do . ' So I was all ready to move out into a small town and take care of everybody and be the town doctor . And then during my first few months of med school , things shifted quite a bit  when  I was diagnosed with cancer . " Rieber says learning about the different types of cancer and the latest research inspired her to study oncology . But it was meeting the other cancer patients in the waiting room that cemented her career path . I found ` life 's calling ' after paralyzing injury "  Getting to know them and their stories ... I just decided that that 's what I wanted to do . " Rieber 's cancer diagnosis was actually the result of an anatomy lesson three months into medical school . Her class was discussing an esophageal cancer patient who had a lymph node in his neck . "  I was assigned to evaluate the lymphatics of the thorax and so this was my assignment for this one case . And I did it , I gave a presentation , all of that . " The next week , she felt a lump in the same place the patient had it . "  Of course , as a hypochondriac medical student ,  I thought  I had esophageal cancer and I was going to die . " It took a month before Rieber knew what exactly what she was dealing with . The diagnosis : Hodgkin lymphoma , a cancer of the lymph tissue found in the lymph nodes , spleen , liver , bone marrow and other sites , according to the National Institutes of Health . Rieber says she knew her prognosis was good and was determined to continue medical school while undergoing chemotherapy and radiation treatments . She went on to start a fellowship at one of the premier cancer centers in the world , the MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston , and she 's never left . She now heads the oncology department at Houston 's Lyndon B. Johnson Hospital . Having been a cancer patient has influenced how she interacts with patients , she says . Chopper crash survivor helps others heal with art "  I understand how they feel with the nausea . I understand how they feel when they do n't want to eat and their family is pressuring them to eat , " Rieber says . "  Some people I tell that I had cancer , and some people I do n't . It just depends on if it 's going to help them in the situation . " Rieber admits her personal experience makes her treatment style a little different . "  I cry with my patients . I laugh ... I feel like I 'm more emotionally connected with the patients . I 'm a hugger , I 'm a crier , and everybody knows it . And they 're all used to it . And I think the patients like it . "	Alyssa Rieber was a medical student when she was diagnosed with cancer She continued with school while undergoing chemotherapy and radiation She says her experience makes her treatment style a bit different
CNN  -- Pacific Gas & Electric Co. said Tuesday that it is liable for the San Bruno , California , pipeline rupture , which killed eight people and destroyed dozens of homes in September 2010 , and will compensate the victims . "  We are taking on financial responsibility so that everyone injured in the accident will be able to recover all of their damages from PG&E , " said Chris Johns , the company 's president . "  We are affirming our commitment to do the right thing in our response to this accident . " The announcement came in response to a San Mateo County Superior Court judge 's request for PG&E 's official position and ahead of a court hearing Friday on the case , PG&E said on its website . PG&E said it has been working to resolve claims "  fairly and promptly " and to improve the safety of its pipeline operations . Federal officials said in August that a faulty pipe , flawed operations and inadequate government oversight led to the natural gas explosion in the San Francisco suburb . During a public board meeting after delivering their final report on the matter , National Transportation Safety Board investigators sharply criticized pipeline owner PG&E for the explosion , saying the pipe was inadequate from the time it was installed in 1956 . That was compounded "  by a litany of failures " over the years , including poor record-keeping , inadequate inspection programs and "  an integrity management program without integrity , " NTSB Chairwoman Deborah Hersman said . "  It was not a question of if this pipeline would burst , " she said . "  It was a question of when . " Hersman said the probe yielded "  troubling revelations about a company that exploited weaknesses in a lax system of oversight , and government agencies that placed a blind trust in operators to the detriment of public safety . " In a memo sent Tuesday to employees , Johns noted that a legal filing in July had been interpreted by some to mean that the utility "  was leaving the door open to somehow blame San Bruno residents or the city of San Bruno for the accident itself . Nothing could be further from the truth , which we stated at the time . In a follow-up filing , we clarified our position by explicitly stating that none of the plaintiffs or residents of San Bruno was at fault for the accident . PG&E has consistently stated our position that we would do what we could to assist the residents of San Bruno and help them recover from this tragic accident . " He said external pressure had not led the company to issue the announcement . "  The judge is hopeful that this will make the legal proceedings move faster and more efficiently . PG&E is hopeful that this will allow the people injured to receive compensation sooner without unnecessary legal proceedings . " The September 9 , 2010 , explosion blasted a 72-foot by 26-foot crater and destroyed 38 homes in San Bruno , near San Francisco International Airport . A 28-foot segment of the pipe was found about 100 feet from the crater . Scorched homes and the shells of burned-out cars lined charred streets , where firefighters battled hot spots trying to save the devastated neighborhood . Prior to the hearing , the company said in a statement that it had taken "  multiple steps " to improve the safety of its operations , including efforts to replace aging pipe and improve contacts with local police and fire departments . NTSB investigators determined the explosion was caused by a substandard and poorly welded pipe , creating a weak spot that resulted in a pipeline rupture during a pressure increase stemming from poorly planned electrical work . They said the faulty welds should have been detected when the pipe was laid in 1956 . Compounding the problem , investigators said , was the fact that PG&E failed to alert emergency responders as soon as they realized the line had burst . Isolating the rupture to stop the flow of gas took more than an hour , and put first responders in a defensive mode as they struggled to put out the fire , investigators said . "  There were a lot of opportunities missed here by PG&E , " Hersman said . During the board meeting , board member Robert Sumwalt noted that the California Public Utilities Commission failed to exercise adequate oversight and enforcement of PG&E , and that the federal regulator , the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration , which is a part of the Department of Transportation , failed to monitor the state commission 's oversight of PG&E . "  This accident is not just about the failure of a seam in a pipeline . Rather it 's about a failure of an entire system -- a system of checks and balances that should have been put in place to prevent the disaster , " Sumwalt said . Board members pointed to previous PG&E - related incidents as examples of the company 's lax procedures , noting a gas explosion resulting in a fatality in 2008 , and a gas main break in 1981 that forced more than 30,000 people to evacuate San Francisco 's financial district . PG&E runs three major gas pipelines , including the one involved in the San Bruno explosion , under "  nine high-population-density neighborhoods in San Francisco , " Herrera said .	NEW : PG&E president stresses that city of San Bruno nor residents were at fault "  We are affirming our commitment to do the right thing , " Chris Johns says Eight died and dozens of homes were destroyed when pipeline ruptured in 2010
Cairo  CNN  -- Throngs of people crowded into Cairo 's Tahrir Square on Friday in an effort to inject new life into Egypt 's revolution and push the country 's ruling military council to prosecute the former president , Hosni Mubarak , who stepped down under immense popular pressure on February 11 . Compared with previous weeks , the protesters ' ranks swelled , in part due to the addition of Egypt 's long-banned Muslim Brotherhood movement , which had chosen not to participate in recent Friday protests . There was another addition to the protest movement , one that marked a direct challenge to Egypt 's military rulers . Fifteen Egyptian soldiers and mid-level army officers joined the demonstration , flouting a ban issued Thursday by a military spokesman . Several of the military personnel took to one of the stages erected in the crowded square and called for the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces to be dissolved and replaced by a civilian presidential council . The Supreme Council assumed legislative and executive authority over Egypt after Mubarak resigned . The military personnel remained in the square into the evening . An army lieutenant colonel and a military police officer late Friday tried to walk to the center of square , but they were surrounded by demonstrators who chanted "  get out , get out . " Within moments , members of the crowd began pushing the officers and knocking their hats off their heads . The officers , apparently frightened , started running and were pursued out of the square . Earlier this week , several military officers took to the internet , recording video statements accusing the chairman of the ruling council , Field Marshal Mohammed Tantawi , of protecting Mubarak from prosecution and of leading a counterrevolutionary movement . "  If they really wanted to prosecute these corrupt officials they would have done it immediately . That 's why we are here today , " one of the protesting officers , told CNN . On Thursday , Supreme Council spokesman Maj. Mohamed Askar told CNN that any military personnel who appeared in Tahrir Square in uniform would be immediately arrested and taken before a military tribunal . On Friday , activists in Tahrir Square encircled the 15 protesting officers and soldiers as they walked through the crowd , protecting them from arrest or possible attacks . One of the officers spoke on stage to the crowd , acknowledging he risked arrest but urging demonstrators to repeat the tactics of January and February by staging an overnight sit-in in Tahrir Square . Egypt 's interim government has investigated and arrested a growing number of officials from the former Mubarak regime in recent days . A former housing minister and Mubarak 's long-time chief of staff , Zacharia Azmi , were both placed under arrest this week on corruption charges . "  All of these ministers you see , its nothing ! " said Talat Sadat , a former parliament member and critic of Mubarak . "  The revolution wants the president himself ! Wants his wife , his son , his daughter ! " Mubarak has been living on his estate at the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh since he stepped down from office . The Egyptian military rode a wave of popularity after troops refused to fire on pro-democracy protesters during 18 days of street protests . But in the weeks since , the secretive 20-man council has come under increasing criticism from different portions of the Egyptian political spectrum , amid complaints of human rights abuses and lack of transparency in its decision-making process . Last week , more than 10,000 demonstrators peacefully protested in Tahrir Square , many of them heaping criticism on the ruling military council . But this week the numbers were boosted by Egypt 's long-banned Muslim Brotherhood movement . "  The Muslim Brotherhood is joining the protest to support the demands of all the Egyptians who started this revolution , because we want to finish what we began , " Dr. Jamal Nassar , a senior official in the Brotherhood , said Thursday . "  We want the army to speed up the trials of all those involved in corruption from the Mubarak regime . "	NEW : Two Egyptian officers are forced to leave the square , a witness says The number of demonstrators swells as the Muslim Brotherhood joins in Groups are seeking prosecution of former President Hosni Mubarak Mubarak 's chief of staff has been arrested
CNN  -- A fire that claimed the lives of 44 children at a day-care center in Hermosillo , Mexico , started Friday in an air-conditioning unit in an adjacent warehouse , the attorney general of Sonora said Monday . Maria Jesus Coronado Padilla mourns her daughter , Paulette Daniela Coronado Padilla , 2 , on Sunday . Investigators have not determined whether the fire was caused by an overheated motor or deficiencies in its installation , said Abel Murrieta Gutierrez , according to the state-run news agency Notimex . However it started , there 's no doubt it moved toward papers in bookshelves on the wall shared with the building housing ABC Day Care , where 141 children and day-care workers were , he said . The two buildings also shared a roof , which contained a false bottom made of polyurethane , which overheated , emitting highly toxic fumes , he said . He blamed all 44 of the deaths on the fumes . The general director of the Mexican Institute of Social Security vowed investigators will pursue the case wherever the evidence takes them . Daniel Karam Toumeh had said Sunday that the building had passed an inspection on May 26 . "  Here , I want to be very emphatic , in the sense that in Social Security we do n't cover for anyone , do n't defend anyone , we are the most interested in finding out what it was that happened , " he said . As of Monday morning , 20 children ages 1-5 were hospitalized in Hermosillo , and 13 had been taken to other hospitals , including three to Sacramento Shriners Hospital in California , where pediatric burn treatment is a specialty . Watch parents gather at the site of the fire " Hermosillo , the capital of the state of Sonora , is about 200 miles  320 kilometers  south of the U.S. border in northwestern Mexico . On a radio show , a firefighter said Monday that many of the children were napping at the time of the fire and died in their sleep . Jose Jesus Diaz , the first firefighter to enter the day-care center , told Radio Los Cheros that he arrived to find some people ramming the building with their vehicles in an effort to reach the children . Inside , Diaz said , he saw children in sleeping positions on the floor . "  They never knew what happened , " Diaz told the radio station . The scene was one of people crying , calling out names and running with babies , he said . "  There 's an image that I will carry for the rest of my life : a shirtless man walking outside holding a young boy , yelling ` fireman , fireman , save my son , ' but the boy was already dead , " Diaz said . Watch a town in deep shock " Of the 20 children hospitalized in Hermosillo , 12 were in serious condition . The children taken to Children 's Hospital in Sacramento are a 2-year-old boy in serious condition with burns over 20 percent of his body , a 3-year-old boy in critical condition with burns over 50 percent of his body , and a 3-year-old girl in critical condition with burns over 80 percent of her body , a hospital spokeswoman said . CNN 's Mariano Castillo in Atlanta and CNN en Español 's Rey Rodriguez in Hermosillo contributed to this story .	Deadly fire at Mexican day-care center began at nearby warehouse , state official says 44 children killed in blaze ; 30-plus kids hospitalized , some in serious condition Official : Fire started with air conditioner ; warehouse , day care shared wall Firefighter found children in sleeping positions : "  They never knew what happened "
CNN  -- "  Where is John Galt ? " reads a sign in the back of a vehicle heading down Interstate 85 in Atlanta , Georgia . Ayn Rand , shown here on a 1999 stamp , is finding new readers thanks to the economic crisis . The quotation is wrong . As any reader of Ayn Rand 's "  Atlas Shrugged " can attest , the correct line is "  Who is John Galt ? " but the point is well taken . In the midst of the credit crisis and the federal government 's massive bailout plan , the works of Rand , a proponent of a libertarian , free-market philosophy she called Objectivism , are getting new attention . "  If only ` Atlas ' were required reading for every member of Congress and political appointee in the Obama administration . I 'm confident that we 'd get out of the current financial mess a lot faster , " Wall Street Journal columnist Stephen Moore wrote in early January . It 's obviously getting attention from the general public . Rand book sales are "  going through the roof , " said Yaron Brook , the president of the Ayn Rand Institute . According to Brook , "  Atlas Shrugged , " her most famous novel , has sold more copies in the first four months of 2009 than it did for all of 2008 -- and in 2008 , it sold 200,000 copies . It 's been in Amazon.com 's top 50 for more than a month . Not bad for a 1,100-page doorstop of a book that came out in 1957 , by an author who died in 1982 . Watch why Rand is so beloved " "  So many people see the parallels with actually what 's going on , with the government taking over the banks , with the government kind of taking over the automobile industry , a president who fires the CEO of a major American corporation . These are the kind of things that come out of ` Atlas Shrugged , ' " Brook said . Even Hollywood is said to be interested , which is only fitting , since Rand was once a screenwriter . But developments have come in fits and starts . "  Godfather " producer Albert S. Ruddy once wanted to make a film and talk of miniseries adaptations emerged in the '70s and '90s . In 2006 , Angelina Jolie was said to have been signed to star as Rand 's heroine , rail magnate Dagny Taggart , and names such as Russell Crowe and Brad Pitt have also been floated . However , as of early 2009 , the status of the film remains unknown . "  Atlas Shrugged " concerns a group of corporate chieftains and individualists who go on strike in protest of government intervention in business . Among those trying to figure out what 's happening are Taggart and steel tycoon Hank Rearden . Eventually they meet John Galt , an engineer who had been elevated to legendary status by "  stopping the motor of the world " in encouraging other individualists to drop out , and who delivers the novel 's showstopping 50-page speech -- an expansive summary of Rand 's philosophy . Upon the book 's release it divided critics and readers , some of whom praised its message of self-sufficiency . More , however , disliked Rand 's politics and atheism , not to mention her writing . "  Is it a novel ? Is it a nightmare ? Is it Superman -- in the comic-strip or the Nietzschean version ? " Time magazine asked in its review , adding that Rand 's "  philosophy must be read to be disbelieved . ... She deserves credit at least for imagination ; unfortunately , it is tied to ludicrous naivety . " But Rand 's book -- which followed 1943 's "  The Fountainhead , " about a Frank Lloyd Wright-like architect determined to follow his own path -- was a best seller and has continued to be significant . In 1991 , a Library of Congress/Book-of-the - Month Club survey named it No. 2 among respondents ' most influential books , after the Bible . Her philosophy of selfishness and her love of pure capitalism  she used to wear a dollar-sign brooch  has earned her many followers , particularly on the right . Rush Limbaugh is a fan ; former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan was a Rand acolyte in his younger days and a member of her New York salon . But Rand critics are equally fervent , questioning her belief in pure free markets . "  What I find so remarkable about it is if capitalism can work on its own without any government regulation , then we would n't be here , " said economist Heather Boushey of the left-leaning Center for American Progress . Boushey points out that even Greenspan has reversed course , to an extent , in his admiration of laissez-faire economics . "  Those of us who have looked to the self-interest of lending institutions to protect shareholders ' equity -- myself , especially -- are in a state of shocked disbelief , " Greenspan told a congressional hearing in October . The Rand Institute 's Brook points out that , to Rand , selfishness did not mean disengagement from the world or sociopathy . "  Rational self-interest , egoism , in Ayn Rand 's perception is not being Bernie Madoff , not thinking short-term and satisfying just whims , and cheating and lying and stealing , " he said . "  It is about pursuing what 's truly in your rational , long-term self-interest , figuring out what 's good for you , without exploiting , taking advantage , without stealing from other people , without sacrificing from other people to yourself . "  But also , " he added , "  without sacrificing yourself to other people . " iReport.com : Tribute to favorite book "  Atlas Shrugged " It 's that debate over shared sacrifice that will likely continue to fuel Rand 's critics , as well as her admirers . At bookstores , it will likely keep cash registers ringing , which could only have made the dollar-sign-wearing author very happy , indeed . CNN.com 's Todd Leopold contributed to this story .	Ayn Rand 's "  Atlas Shrugged " has sold hundreds of thousands in last 18 months Book 's sales have been sparked by financial crisis Rand 's free-market philosophies still a hot-button issue
The statistics are sobering : Heart disease is the number-one killer of women in the United States . And an estimated 8 million women have it . What 's more , a new study shows that in recent years the overall heart disease risk for Americans -- especially women -- has n't continued the healthy downward trend it showed in previous decades . There are steps you can take , at any age , to prevent heart disease , the # 1 killer of US women . Ready for some good news ? You can do more to prevent heart disease than almost any other serious condition . Start with these age-specific steps . The 30s Declare a trans fat-free zone . Commonly used to extend the shelf life of packaged foods like cookies and crackers , and also found in margarine , trans fats pack a double whammy : they raise bad cholesterol  LDL  , while lowering good , protective HDL  your LDL should be below 100 ; your HDL , above 60  . In a Harvard University study , women with the highest level of trans fats in their blood had triple the risk of heart disease . Take a cue from major U.S. cities like New York and Philadelphia  which have banned trans fats from restaurants  , and pitch them out of your pantry . On ingredient lists , they show up as "  hydrogenated " and "  partially hydrogenated " oils . But scrutinize any product touted as "  trans fat-free " at the supermarket , too : some manufacturers have replaced hydrogenated oils with tropical oils that are high in saturated fat , which also raises LDL cholesterol . Eating out in a city where trans fats are n't banned ? Skip the fried stuff -- many restaurants still use the oils for frying . Health.com : 10 best foods for your heart Use your OB-GYN as a partner . During your prime reproductive years , you may visit your OB-GYN more than you go to your regular doctor . Make sure you talk to her about your heart as well as gynecological health , particularly because blood pressure  BP  can rise if you 're taking birth control pills or when you 're pregnant . Women who develop preeclampsia  pregnancy-related hypertension  are prone to heart disease later in life . And , in general , "  how your heart handles pregnancy offers a snapshot of how it will look in middle age , " says Sharonne Hayes , M.D. , director of the Women 's Heart Clinic at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota . To keep BP from creeping up  the safe zone is lower than 120 over 80  , substitute herbs and spices for salt -- try cumin for a healthy twist on popcorn , for instance . Simmer down . If you boil over when the shopper in front of you has 16 grocery items in the 15-or-fewer lane , beware : Losing your temper can damage your arteries , according to research by C. Noel Bairey Merz , M.D. , director of the Women 's Heart Center and endowed chair in Women 's Health at the Cedars-Sinai Heart Institute in Los Angeles , California . "  Raging causes your blood pressure to surge and stay up there , " Merz says . That 's why it 's crucial to get a grip on anger at an early age , before it takes a toll . Learn now that , instead of venting when a situation makes you furious , you can take a few deep breaths and describe to yourself what 's making you angry . That should help you calm down . The 40s Do n't skimp on sleep . When your hormones are fluctuating madly , it can be tough to nod off . It 's no wonder , then , that more than half if women in their 40s suffer from insomnia at least a few nights a week . That 's nothing to yawn about , either . When your body is deprived of restorative sleep , your heart has to work harder . And piles of studies show that too little shut-eye can lead to heart attack , stroke , heart failure , and diabetes . How little is too little ? A recent study in the Archives of Internal Medicine suggests that less than seven-and-a-half hours per night puts you at risk for heart disease . And recent research from Duke University found that women who take more than a half-hour to fall asleep or those who awaken frequently during the night have inflammation in their arteries and higher levels of insulin , two major risk factors for heart disease . The soporific Rx : Do your best to unwind with a relaxing bedtime routine , like listening to soothing music or soaking in a tub with bath salts . And , despite how difficult it might sound , obey this rule : no technology or work in the bedroom ; your bed should be for sleep and sex only . Monitor your mood . Between the demands of work and family , it 's easy to worry that something will fall through the cracks -- but do n't let that something be your own peace of mind . Perimenopausal women have nearly double the risk for depression , and that spells trouble for their hearts , says Jennifer Mieres , M.D. , a cardiologist and associate professor at New York University 's School of Medicine . Uncontrolled stress can raise blood pressure and flood blood vessels with inflammatory chemicals , which in high doses can be toxic to the heart , while depression has been linked to hardening of the arteries . Then there are the unhealthy habits that come with stress and the blues : smoking , excessive drinking , and overeating . Smart medicine for your mood and your heart ? Exercise . Thirty minutes of aerobic activity  walking , biking , swimming  most days of the week has been shown to reduce the symptoms of depression by about half , an effect comparable to antidepressant use , while lowering blood pressure and strengthening your cardiovascular system . But if you 're feeling low more often than not , talk to your doctor about therapy , antidepressants , or St. John 's wort .  New research suggests that this herb works as well as antidepressants and has few side effects .  Health.com : How safe , moderate exercise can keep your heart healthy Get more fish , flaxseed , and fiber . In your 40s , as estrogen dips , your blood pressure , cholesterol , and triglycerides  a type of fat stored in the blood  start creeping up , making a heart-healthy menu more important than ever . Aim for two servings of fish , like salmon or tuna , each week for omega-3 fats ; or pick omega-3-fortified foods like orange juice , margarine , and eggs . Also , sprinkle ground flaxseed on yogurt or cottage cheese to lower cholesterol . And experiment with dishes that contain high-fiber foods like apples , broccoli , beans , and bran cereal . Health fads come and go , but a high-fiber diet has consistently proven to be good for the heart , says Leslie Cho , M.D. , director of the Women 's Cardiovascular Center at the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio . Health.com : Recipes to help you ` fill up on fiber ' The 50s plus Whittle your waist . If a few extra pounds have settled around your middle since menopause , you 're not alone . "  Basically , we start putting on weight more like men , " says Nieca Goldberg , M.D. , medical director of New York University 's Women 's Heart Program and author of Complete Guide to Women 's Health . The "  meno potbelly " is especially hard on the heart because it builds up around internal organs , triggers inflammation , and leads to insulin resistance . Research from the famous Nurses ' Health Study found that women with a waist circumference of more than 35 inches were twice as likely to die of heart disease than women with a 28-inch waist , regardless of weight . Low-intensity workout routines can help slow down the belly buildup , but to shrink it you 'll need to work up a sweat with 60 minutes of moderate-intensity aerobic exercise at least three times a week . Try jogging , walking on the treadmill on a challenging incline , or swimming laps . Enjoy some "  friend benefits . " Whatever causes you stress , leaning on friends for support and commiseration can help keep blood pressure in check . "  There are clearly good things that happen to your heart when you care about people and people care about you , " Cedars-Sinai 's Merz says . Talk out the stress with friends over a walk or at the gym , and you 'll double your heart benefit . Stay strong . Since hormone replacement therapy  HRT  is no longer thought to protect your heart , and may even harm it  talk to your doctor about the risks if you decide to try it  , you need to safeguard your heart with strong muscles . Add strength training -- like a weight-lifting class , yoga , or Pilates -- to your exercise routine at least twice a week , Goldberg recommends . You 'll keep blood pressure in check , boost metabolism , zap more calories , control cholesterol , and improve endurance . Health.com : Strength exercises for any age Sum total ? A heart that 'll keep pumping happily for years to come . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Heart disease is the number-one killer of women in the US : 8 million have it You can take specific steps to protect your heart starting at an early age Reduce stress and anger , exercise and keep waist under 35 inches Dietary tips include cutting out trans fats , adding more fiber , fish and flaxseed
CNN  -- A man who landed a plane with the assistance of air traffic controllers after the pilot fell unconscious and died said Monday he was "  still in a daze of adrenaline . " Doug White said he is certified to fly a single-engine plane , but had no idea how to fly the large turboprop . "  I 'm grateful , thankful to be alive , " Doug White of Archibald , Louisiana , told CNN affiliate WINK . "  I 'm glad my family is safe , but let 's do n't lose sight of the fact that a man died , and I do n't want people to forget that . " White , his wife and two daughters were flying from Marco Island , Florida , to Jackson , Mississippi , on Sunday after attending a funeral for White 's brother . White recalled watching and listening as the pilot , Joe Cabuk , conducted his "  climb checklist " upon takeoff from Florida . After the checklist was complete , he said , Cabuk laid his book down . About a minute later , White told WINK , he looked at Cabuk , and "  he was just sitting there . He had his chin on his chest , looking down at his lap , but there 's nothing in his lap that he needed to be looking at . " "  That 's when I kind of looked at him for a minute , probably two , three seconds , and I touched him on the shoulder . I said , ` Joe ! Joe ! , and that 's when his head rolled over to the side , and his eyes rolled back in his head , and his arm fell off the armrest ... and I knew if he was n't gone then , he was in deep distress , but we were in trouble . " Listen to White describe seeing the pilot 's eyes roll back in his head " The plane 's autopilot was on , and the plane was at about 5,000 feet and climbing , White said . Although he was a certified single-engine pilot and had about 130 flying hours , he had no idea how to fly the much larger Super King Air two-engine turboprop plane . "  The only thing I knew how to do up there was talk on the radio , " White told WINK . "  I 've only been up there  in the cockpit  one other time . I made it a point to ask the pilot -- not Joe , but another one -- ` How do I talk on the radio ? ' and they showed me what button to push . " He told his daughters , " ` Y' all go back there , and I want you to pray hard . ' The wife kind of trembled and shook the whole time , and the youngest daughter , Bailey , cried and squalled , and the oldest daughter , Maggie , vomited and threw up three or four times . " Although White sounded fairly calm , some tension is evident on recordings released by the Federal Aviation Administration as controllers at Fort Myers , Florida , attempted to talk him through landing at the airport there . At one point , a controller asked whether the autopilot is still on or whether White is flying the aircraft himself . "  Me and the good Lord are hand-flying this , " White replied . He described his mindset as being one of "  focused fear . " "  I had a 10,000-pound gorilla by the hand , and it was n't wanting to cooperate , " White recounted to WINK . Asked about his mindset , White said , "  I lost it " after landing . His emotion can be clearly heard on the recording as he told air traffic controllers in a shaky voice , "  We 're down , buddy . Thank you . " Air traffic controllers at Miami Center helped White at first , talking him through disengaging the autopilot , turning the plane and beginning his descent . They then handed the plane over to air traffic control at Fort Myers ' Southwest Florida International Airport . Hear audiotape of emergency landing " It was a Fort Myers controller who called Kari Sorenson of Danbury , Connecticut , for help in talking White down . A veteran pilot and flight instructor , Sorenson is intimately familiar with the plane White was flying . "  We started providing him with positions of controls , switches , how to configure the aircraft for landing , " Sorenson told CNN affiliate WTNH in Connecticut . Sorenson said he was told that the plane was down and that the controller would call him back . But he said he spent a few tense moments because he did n't know "  if he was down in a positive or negative way . " Sorenson credited the air traffic controllers for working as a team in helping White land . "  It was a team of people , and a good team at that , " he said . "  The husbands and the wives of air traffic controllers have no idea what their spouses do for a living , " White said . "  They have no idea , particularly in a busy airspace like Miami or Fort Myers ... they do n't make enough money for what they do , the service they provide . " He said , "  when something good happens ,  air traffic controllers  do n't get the high five and the ` attaboys . ' I 'm gon na give them the attaboy , and I 'm going to send them all notes . " He said he would also send them restaurant gift certificates so they can take their friends or family out to dinner . But while he is grateful , White said , he is also saddened at Cabuk 's death . "  Joe Cabuk was a father , he was a husband , he was a grandpa , he was a pro at what he did , he was a Christian , he was a great guy and he loved to fly ... this is not all about me . Joe Cabuk died . " The cause of Cabuk 's death has not been released . The Federal Aviation Administration has not given any of the involved air traffic controllers permission to speak about the incident .	Pilot Joe Cabuk went unconscious at the controls during a flight from Florida "  I said , ` Joe ! Joe ! ' and that 's when his head rolled over to the side , " Doug White says White says , "  The only thing I knew how to do up there was talk on the radio " Air traffic controllers helped White safely land plane carrying his wife and 2 daughters
Health officials in Canada said Monday they are looking into the case of a man who recently traveled from Liberia and is exhibiting symptoms consistent with viral hemorrhagic fevers . Viral hemorrhagic fevers is a generic term that refers to a number of diseases found in Africa , including Ebola hemorrhagic fever , Lassa fever , Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever and yellow fever , according to Denise Werker , deputy chief medical health officer at the Saskatchewan Ministry of Health . "  There is no risk to the general public at all about this incident . We recognize that there 's going to be a fair amount of concern , and that 's why we wanted to go public with this as soon as possible and dispel some of those myths that are out there , " she told reporters Monday . "  We do not have information that it 's Ebola hemorrhagic fever . All we know at this point is that we have a person who 's critically ill who traveled from a country where these diseases occur , " Werker said . An Ebola outbreak has killed at least 59 people in Guinea , which borders Liberia in West Africa . Werker said the Canadian patient is in an intensive care unit and isolated , meaning no visitors are allowed . Specimens have been sent for study , and officials are expecting preliminary results Tuesday , she said . The hemorrhagic fevers are characterized by high fever and symptoms that may be nondescript . But at the end point of the disease , patients can have bleeding from their mouths or eyes , Werker said . There is no drug treatment for Ebola hemorrhagic fever , she said , adding it is not a highly infectious disease . "  You have to be in close proximity to the person 's secretions , " Werker said . "  The persons who are most at risk are person who are actually health care workers , who do n't wear protective clothing . " At least 59 dead in Guinea Ebola outbreak	A health official says there is no risk to the general public The patient recently traveled from Liberia An Ebola outbreak in neighboring Guinea has killed at least 59 people
CNN  -- It 's been more than a year since Haiti was rocked by an earthquake , leaving about 230,000 people dead , hundreds of thousands injured and more than a million homeless . The international community was quick to provide aid , especially in the first few months after the earthquake . But the devastation did n't end with the natural disaster . Haitians are still dealing with a cholera epidemic that killed more than 2,000 people at the start of the year . Here are five ways you can help alleviate some of the Haitian people 's suffering : 1 . Donate money You can make a difference by donating to one of the many organizations providing relief . Most nonprofits make it easy to send money -- via text message , online , on the phone or through the mail . Organizations such as the Clinton Foundation break down how your money will be spent . On the foundation 's website , you will see that $ 35 could provide six mosquito nets to help prevent the spread of malaria and other illnesses ; $ 55 could buy life-saving medical supplies ; $ 125 could purchase a tent to provide shelter for a family of five ; and $ 600 could provide two portable toilets for use in crowded camps . One hundred percent of the donations made to Haiti through the Clinton Foundation go directly to recovery efforts . 2 . Make personal hygiene kits If you 're looking for something more hands-on , several organizations , such as Heart to Heart International , allow you to make personal hygiene kits that will be shipped to Haiti . Close to 82,000 kits have been mailed through Heart to Heart in the past year . Instructions on what to put in the kits -- hand towels , toothbrushes and soap -- and where to send them can be found on the group 's website . "  Hygiene is one way to fight disease , especially in a cholera-induced environment , " said Pete Brumbaugh , a Heart to Heart International executive . "  There 's also a benefit to the person making the kit . It gives them something hands-on that they can do to make a difference in Haiti , even though they are not able to be there . " 3 . Volunteer Another way to help is through volunteering . Many of the volunteers in Haiti are medical aid workers who are sent to Haiti through organizations such as Doctors Without Borders . But organizations such as MedShare also offer volunteer opportunities for nonmedical aid workers in the United States . Since the earthquake , MedShare has shipped 28,000 boxes of surplus life-saving medical supplies and equipment to needy hospitals and clinics in Haiti . But they ca n't do it without the help of volunteers who sort and package the supplies . The organization will be making at least three more large shipments in the coming months and needs volunteers around Atlanta and in the San Francisco Bay Area . Visit medshare.org for more information on how to sign up . 4 . Be an advocate An easy way to spread the word about the organizations you support is to "  like " them on Facebook or follow them on Twitter . If you want to take it a step further , some organizations such as J/P HRO , founded by actor and humanitarian Sean Penn , also have instructions on how to set up your own personal fundraising page to collect donations for the organization . Once it 's set up , you can e-mail your friends and spread the word on social networking sites . There are also ideas on how to plan an event to go along with your fundraising page . 5 . Help rebuild With more than a million people still displaced from their homes , there is still a great need for rebuilding efforts . In most cases , the best way to help is through donations to various organizations such as Habitat for Humanity . While this organization is currently not sending volunteers to Haiti , money raised over the past year has helped close to 24,000 families through emergency , transitional and permanent housing . Another organization , ShelterBox , relies on donations to send emergency shelter and other life-saving equipment to families in Haiti and other areas hit by disaster . ShelterBoxes include a disaster relief tent for a family of up to 10 people ; a children 's pack containing coloring books , crayons and pens ; a range of other survival equipment , including mosquito nets to prevent the spread of malaria ; a basic tool kit ; and a wood-burning or multifuel stove .	Groups providing cholera treatment supplies and rebuilding efforts in Haiti still need money Locally volunteering and advocating for aid groups can also make a big difference There are hands-on ways to help : Hygiene kits are desperately needed
CNN  Remember that awkward Eddie Murphy moment during the "  Saturday Night Live " 40th anniversary special on Sunday ? According to Norm Macdonald , Murphy 's return after 30 years to the show that made him famous was supposed to be so much more . In a series of tweets Wednesday , Macdonald explained that he attempted to talk Murphy into portraying Bill Cosby during the "  Celebrity Jeopardy " sketch . Macdonald set the scene with the many superstars involved in the special , which included former cast members and some of the show 's most popular  and infamous  hosts and musical guests . ` SNL ' 40th anniversary special : Moments you may have missed But according to Macdonald , Murphy was one of the biggest stars in a room filled with celebs . Macdonald said he thought he had Murphy on board to do one of his most famous impressions , but alas , it was a no-go . Instead , Murphy was introduced by Chris Rock and offered a few words about his time on the show . It clocked in at just over a moment and struck some viewers as odd and awkward , as there had been so much buildup to the return . The "  Celebrity Jeopardy " sketch , led by Will Ferrell as Alex Trebek , was still one of the special 's most memorable .	Murphy appeared on the "  SNL " 40th anniversary show Sunday Norm Macdonald said he tried to convince Murphy to play Cosby He said Murphy refuses "  to kick a man when he 's down "
CNN  -- "  At the end of six seasons , six beautiful seasons , it 's like high school -- time to graduate and go to college , " Mike "  The Situation " Sorrentino told CNN as he and his cast mates bid farewell to their MTV hit "  Jersey Shore " at the New York Television Festival . And just like after high school , it 's time for the "  Jersey Shore " cast to really get to work , just like the reality TV stars who came before them . The "  Jersey Shore " cast members are all expanding their empires while also giving back to the community that made them famous , via a planned one-hour fund-raiser to rebuild the actual Jersey Shore , which was devastated along with other areas on the East Coast during Hurricane Sandy . "  Restore the Shore " will be broadcast live from Times Square on Thursday , November 15 , at 11 p.m. ET and tape-delayed on the West Coast . Unlike the graduates of "  American Idol , " "  Project Runway , " or even "  The Hills , " the self-proclaimed guidos of the "  Jersey Shore " represent a region . Love them or hate them  or love to hate them  , the TV special may bolster their reputations  not to mention their brands  when they might have been criticized for leaving the area a little worse for wear . "  I think of everyone in the celebrity world , we get bullied the most , " said Nicole "  Snooki " Polizzi . "  People are just mean to us . Yes , I got drunk , I blacked out , I got arrested , but that 's what happens to everybody . They just do n't have a camera following them . " The final episode of "  Jersey Shore " airs December 13 , and with the end in sight , the cast are thinking about what to do when the party 's over , spinoffs notwithstanding . Sammi Giancola is going back to college to finish her sociology degree . Ruthie Alcaide from season eight of "  The Real World , " who became a spokesperson for alcohol awareness , might provide a role model for Sorrentino , whose own situation also involved a stint in rehab . He does n't think his hard-won sobriety had anything to do with the show coming to an end , but now that he 's famous , he ca n't see himself falling back on his former career as a mortgage broker . "  I ca n't be ` the Situation ' forever , " he acknowledged , adding that he hopes to milk it for a little while longer  at least until the next TV gig comes along  . He 's also written a comic book using his "  Jersey Shore " persona as a superhero : "  By day he is Mike , almost like Clark Kent , and by night , he is ` the Situation , ' who has the power of persuasion with females and gets that power from a tanning bed . " Sorrentino also hopes to make other endorsement and branding deals , pending an unresolved suit from Viacom over copyright of phrases that originated on the show . The highest-earning member of the "  Jersey Shore " cast , Paul "  Pauly D " DelVecchio , who banked a reported $ 11 million last year , knows he ca n't rely on his reality-TV fame . The DJ signed with 50 Cent 's record label and is coproducing an album with the rap mogul .  He 's also partnered with 50 to put out a line of headphones and will DJ Britney Spears ' wedding  . "  I 'm actually applying for unemployment now that the show 's ending , " he joked . "  But I hear they pay you less now , so that 's not going to work . " Already a queen of branding , Polizzi has more deals for her own fashion and beauty lines than the rest of the cast : indoor and sunless tanning , slippers , sunglasses , perfume , jewelry and a maternity line on the way . But this is n't enough , she said , so she 's also getting into the music business , because the brands are not her long game . "  My parents , they 're just trying to get everything out of this moment , and they want to have a family business , so we started Team Snooki Music , " she said . "  We 're just trying to make a living so my kids can go to college , and they do n't have to worry about anything . You have to plan . " Polizzi also hopes to get back on the air via her own TV talk show , "  like a ` Chelsea Handler ' - type show , " she told CNN , "  late at night , when I can talk about anything , because I have no filter . " Her BFF Jenni "  JWoww " Farley is less ambitious , setting her sights on a television career behind the scenes as a producer . While she plans to continue selling brands such as her tanning line , Farley said she wants to actually "  create something . " "  I would love to do a fun makeover show with young women and men to up their confidence , " she said , "  and then do a show about bullying , really break down the barriers and help change the laws behind them , because it 's behind the times . " Farley might actually have a shot at launching one of these shows at MTV , she noted , because she 's been shadowing the network 's producers and executives just as much as they 've been watching her these past six seasons . "  I could go to MTV and be like , ` Hey , do you know me ? I 'm kind of on one of your shows , and I have an idea ... ' " The strategy 's also in line with the network 's spinoff habit , such as how "  Laguna Beach : The Real Orange County " led to "  The Hills " which led to "  The City " which led to "  Audrina " on sister network VH1 . Deena Cortese does n't think her previous career as a dental assistant is in the cards anymore , because the show has tainted her reputation , not improved it . "  Be honest , " she said . "  Would anybody trust me doing that anymore ? Probably not . " But she thinks she has another fallback position in the real world : starting her own beauty salon . As they prepare to say goodbye to the perks of being  temporarily  famous -- "  I 'm going to miss getting courtside seats to the Knicks games ! " Pauly D said -- they always have the inevitable reunion show to look forward to , because , as show creator SallyAnn Salsano said , we 've never seen the real "  Jersey Shore . " "  What really happened in that house , no one knows , " she said . "  You guys got the PG-version . " Could the fund-raiser special change the cast members ' reputations ? Will it help them succeed at their goals ? It 's too soon to tell , but at least it shows a new side of people who were about to be typecast forever .	The cast members of "  Jersey Shore " are expanding their empires beyond the program The "  Restore the Shore " special may help bolster their reps as well as their brands Snooki , Deena , Pauly D and "  The Situation " share their post - "  Shore " plans
CNN  -- Prince William and his wife , Catherine , will visit a fire-stricken town in central Alberta on Wednesday , the seventh day of their Canadian tour . Slave Lake was devastated by a May wildfire that destroyed homes and other structures . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will meet emergency services personnel from the fire brigade , the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the medical response team in the town before visiting with families affected by the disaster . Later Wednesday , the royal couple will head to Calgary , Alberta , for a series of events Thursday and Friday . William and Catherine are expected to visit a total of four provinces and one territory during their nine-day tour -- their first official foreign trip as a married couple . On Tuesday , William and Catherine made the northernmost stops of their journey when they visited sites in the Northwest Territories . The couple took in customary aboriginal activities , including traditional drumming , dancing and sports , in Yellowknife , Northwest Territories . Afterward , William and Catherine spoke at a session of Youth Parliament and met with aboriginal elders and young adults from the Northwest Territories . On Monday , William and Catherine toured Prince Edward Island , racing in dueling dragon boats and visiting Province House , the second-oldest active legislature building in Canada . Afterward , the couple headed to Dalvay-by-the-Sea . There , Prince William -- a military helicopter pilot by training -- joined his Canadian counterparts in taking part in a "  waterbird " emergency landing in a nearby lake . In the exercise , which was originated by Canadian armed forces for use in search-and-rescue missions , the helicopter 's engine is cut off and it then lands in the water . When it is about one-quarter submerged , the propellers are restarted to bring the helicopter back toward the sky . The Prince Edward Island visit came a day after the most controversial stop on their tour in the French-speaking province of Quebec . William and Catherine attended a "  Freedom of the City " ceremony at Quebec City Hall , where the prince addressed the crowd in French after being met by cheering supporters . Nearby , a small but vocal group of anti-monarchy protesters gathered . Quebec 's relationship with the monarchy has often been strained , with the queen met by booing protesters on a visit to the province in 1964 . The royal couple also visited Maison Dauphine , a center that provides assistance to troubled street youth in Quebec . They posed for pictures and seemed at ease as artists showed off their work . The prince played a quick game of foosball . The duke and duchess started their Canadian tour last Thursday in Ottawa , Ontario . After they wrap up their tour on Friday , the duke and duchess will head to California for three days . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	Plans include visits with emergency services personnel and families in Slave Lake A wildfire in May destroyed many homes in the central Alberta town Wednesday is the seventh day of the royal couple 's nine-day Canadian tour William and Catherine will end their tour in Calgary before heading to the United States
CNN  -- A federal grand jury on Tuesday charged Paul Ciancia with first-degree murder in the fatal shooting of a Transportation Security Administration officer at Los Angeles International Airport . Investigators say Ciancia , 23 , killed TSA officer Gerardo Hernandez and wounded two other agents and a passenger in what appeared to be an orchestrated assault on members of the federal agency responsible for airport security . He faces a total of 11 counts in the November 1 rampage , according to a statement from the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Central District of California . Three charges based on the killing of Hernandez -- first-degree murder , violence at an international airport that resulted in death and using a firearm to murder and cause death -- carry possible sentences of life in federal prison or the death penalty . Prosecutors have not yet decided whether to seek the death penalty if Ciancia is convicted , the statement read . Ciancia , who was shot multiple times by police during the incident , is scheduled to be arraigned on December 26 . He was released last month from the hospital and taken into custody by the U.S. Marshals Service . Relatives in New Jersey had received alarming texts from Ciancia before the shootings and raised concerns with local police , who had asked Los Angeles police to check on his welfare . Police missed Ciancia by "  a matter of minutes " on the day of the shooting , U.S. Rep. Michael McCaul , the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , told CNN . The warning that came too late CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Paul Ciancia faces 11 counts in the rampage He is scheduled to be arraigned on December 26 Prosecutors have not yet said whether they will seek the death penalty
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Poet and punk rocker Jim Carroll has died at age 60 . Funeral arrangements are pending . Poet , punk rocker and author Jim Carroll performs at a 2002 benefit in New York . A respected poet and musician , Carroll also was the author of "  The Basketball Diaries , " which was adapted into a 1995 movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio . Carroll died Friday at his home in Manhattan after suffering a heart attack , said his former wife , Rosemary Carroll . In 1980 , he released the popular album "  Catholic Boy , " which , according to his fan Web site , expressed the " -LSB- b -RSB- omb-fear anticipation , the optimistic nihilism and glittering darkness of the 1980s . " The track "  People Who Died " was one of the most-requested songs on FM radio at the time , and as Newsweek 's Barbara Graustark noted then , "  it propelled -LSB- Carroll -RSB- from underground status to national attention as a contender for the title of rock 's new poet laureate . " The release of the song coincided with the death of John Lennon . The success of the album was attributed to the powerful combination of pure rock 'n' roll with Carroll 's poetic sensibility and ability to write from his own experience . The fan Web site Catholicboy.com sums up Carroll 's approach to music by quoting him as saying , "  There ai n't much time left , you 're born out of this insane abyss and you 're going to fall back into it , so while you 're alive you might as well show your bare ass . " In addition to two follow-up albums , Carroll was a best-selling author of six books . "  He was a sweet , sweet man , and I 'm going to really miss him , " said Cassie Carter , a close friend for more than 20 years who operates Catholicboy.com . Carroll was born in New York in 1949 and spent his childhood living on the city 's Lower East Side , attending Catholic schools , said Rosemary Carroll , whom he met in 1973 . At 12 , he began keeping a journal that eventually was published as "  The Basketball Diaries " in 1978 . In it , he recorded the highs and lows of his youth . He first experimented with drugs at 12 and soon was addicted to heroin , but he was able to kick that habit in the 1970s , his former wife said . He had just completed a novel , tentatively titled "  The Petting Zoo , " which is about a young painter who experiences spiritual crises . The date of its release has not been set . Carroll is survived by a brother , according to his ex-wife .	Poet and punk rocker Jim Carroll dies after heart attack at 60 , ex-wife says Drug addiction as teen chronicled in "  The Basketball Diaries " Book made into 1995 movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio Carroll 's 1980 album "  Catholic Boy " featured popular "  People Who Died " track
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Governments around the world continue to pump billions of dollars into financial markets , but there is still no telling whether the "  injections of liquidity " will be enough to prevent "  this sucker " -- to quote the President of the United States -- from going down . Could 700 billion greenbacks be put to better use and kickstart a green revolution ? To many people one of the more fascinating aspects of the unfolding spectacle has been the bewildering amounts of money made available by governments to avert financial catastrophe . And no one knows yet whether it will all be worth it . The same could be said of climate change . No one really knows how bad it will get , but as the Stern Report concluded in 2006 doing nothing about it now is going to massively increase the costs of mitigation further down the line . But the amounts being talked about and spent on climate initiatives by governments is dwarfed by the bailout package . Take , for example , a statement issued by the World Bank at the end of September which revealed that 10 leading industrialized nations -- including the United States , Japan and the UK -- have pledged a total of $ 6.1 billion to help "  Climate Investment Funds " . That 's around $ 675 million per nation . This sense of skewed priorities was recently put into perspective by rock star Bono . Speaking at the Clinton Global Initiative , the U2 front man made a damning comparison . "  It 's extraordinary to me that the United States can find $ 700 billion to save Wall Street and the entire G-8 ca n't find $ 25 billion dollars to save 25,000 children who die every day from preventable diseases , " he said . So what would happen if governments ignored the un-capitalist cries for mercy spilling out from Wall Street and put the money towards climate change instead ? What would $ 700 billion buy ? Let us start at the margins of common sense . You could buy 100 billion energy saving light bulbs . At the other end of the scale , $ 700 billion would contribute a third of the cost towards a geo-engineering project which imagines deflecting the sun 's rays away from earth . Astronomer Roger Angel believes that the bill for his idea of a vast array of space mirrors would be around $ 2 trillion . A slightly more plausible idea might be to oversee a comprehensive insulation program for 700 million homes or perhaps fund domestic solar panels . A $ 10,000 photovoltaic solar array could be installed atop 70 million homes . Much of the responsibility for our future energy needs rests on the fortunes of large-scale renewable solar and wind projects . Why not roll out a comprehensive program now ? For example , the 40 megawatt Waldpolenz Solar Park in Bolanden , Germany is due to be switched on in 2009 at a cost of $ 180 million . The Wall Street bailout would pay for nearly 3,900 such solar farms . If wind power was the only item on your shopping list then you could afford to build 3,700 farms similar to the 90 megawatt facility being built offshore at the Kentish Flats Wind Farm in the UK , which would collectively generate an impressive 330 gigawatts . Alternatively , nuclear energy -- now back from the dead and a big favorite with energy ministers worldwide -- would see 175 new plants at $ 4 billion each . But as Gavin Edwards , Head of Greenpeace 's Climate and Energy Campaign , points out : "  There are two sides of the coin in tackling climate change . One is to mitigate greenhouse gas emissions , the other is adaptation , " he told CNN . Using figures from the Stern Report , the IPCC and renewable energy industries Edwards gave CNN his assessment of how Greenpeace would spend the money . "  If you put $ 30 billion a year towards protecting forests , then that could cut greenhouse gas emissions by one fifth , " he said . "  Another $ 20 billion per year is enough to spur an energy revolution and a massive uptake of green energy . And approximately another $ 10 billion per year would make sure we are using energy much more efficiently . "  That 's about $ 60 billion right there for mitigating climate change . " For adaptation , Edwards put the figure at around $ 50 billion per year for saving lives in developing countries and continents such as Africa . "  So that 's about $ 110 billion per year , " he said . "  So if the U.S. Congress diverted money from the financial bailout we could have a really good head start on climate change in the next six years , if we applied the $ 700 billion in this way . " Read about Greenpeace 's Energy Revolution here . An Economist 's view Earlier this year , Gary Yohe , Woodhouse/Sysco Professor of Economics at Wesleyan University in Connecticut participated in Bjorn Lomborg 's Copenhagen Consensus exercise where global issues are rigorously debated and then ranked in terms of importance . Yohe headed a team of three economists whose task it was to calculate a workable fiscal plan for global warming . "  Almost by coincidence , " Yohe told CNN , "  $ 700 billion is close to the discounted budget for the Copenhagen Consensus exercise . $ 800 billion , actually . " "  Allocating $ 50 billion to research and development  R&D  on carbon friendly technology produced a discounted payback of nearly three times that amount . "  Adding reflections of aversion to risk , as well as optimally allocating effort over time , increased the payback to more than six times the investment . " Download Gary Yohe 's challenge paper here . But he cautions against spending $ 50 billion on R&D without economic incentives . "  We would be wasting a lot of effort , " he said . "  We should be thinking about risks and the degree to which you are reducing risks as you make these investments , " Yohe said . "  That 's a reasonable question about the bailout as well . $ 700-800 billion dollars would n't guarantee that you are going to avoid climate change . Nor does that figure guarantee you are going to avoid significant financial trouble . But the benefits avoided are likely to be really quite substantial . " Yohe says that the $ 800 billion figure he drew up in his Copenhagen Consensus paper is n't necessarily the right number , but it would produce "  an extraordinary gain relative to doing nothing . " He concludes that a mixture of adaptation and mitigation approaches coupled with greater research and development into greener technology would yield the best returns on the money allocated . The bailout bill passed by the U.S. Senate now stands at $ 810 billion -- strikingly similar to the budget Yohe himself has been theorizing about . When the dust settles on the financial crisis his analysis may well provide politicians with a useful framework from which to start developing a meaningful large-scale climate change strategy . But climate change is going to require a lot more than just plain hard cash . "  This is going to sound North American centric , " Yohe said . "  But I think the world is looking for U.S. leadership and if , in January , it picks up a leadership role -- accepting the notion that there is a void in leadership -- there will be a great deal of response . " How would you spend $ 700 billion to combat climate change ? Let us know in the sound off box below .	How much would $ 700 billion help climate change mitigation and adaptation ? Greenpeace spokesman says $ 700 billion would "  give us a good head start " U.S. economist says gains would be "  extraordinary " compared to doing nothing
CNN  -- Heavy flooding in Australia caused by torrential rains has forced mass evacuations from towns along the country 's east coast , with critically-ill patients and newborns from one hospital being airlifted to safety . The floods , which came in the aftermath of Tropical Cyclone Oswald , have killed four people so far , including a three-year-old boy who died after being hit by a falling tree in Brisbane , Australia 's third largest city . Bundaberg , a coastal town about 360 kilometers  220 miles  northwest of Brisbane , was particularly hard hit , with more than 2,000 homes inundated with water and a similar number of people evacuated , said mayor Mal Forman . "  We 're like a little island . We have water either side of us and the water is flowing rapidly , " Forman told CNN by telephone from his office in Bundaberg 's town center . "  People are very bewildered . " Some of the town 's roads were under six or seven meters of water and some one-storey houses were completely covered , Forman added . Bundaberg 's hospital was also evacuated as the flood waters continued to advance . A spokeswoman for Australia 's Department of Health said that about 130 patients were being airlifted to hospitals in Brisbane as a precaution . If the floodwaters reached 10.1 meters , it would affect the hospital sewage system , making the hospital clinically unsafe , the spokeswoman said . "  I think they are expected to rise to 9.8 meters and that 's a bit too close for comfort . We started transferring the most critical patients last night . The rest will be evacuated today . " Around 10 newborn babies and at-risk patients were taken to Brisbane in the early hours of Tuesday , while two C-130 aircraft from the Royal Australian Air Force arrived in Bundaberg later that morning to evacuate the remaining patients and some pregnant women nearing full term . Evacuations have also been ordered in the town of Grafton in New South Wales , about 600 kilometers  370 miles  north of Sydney . In Brisbane , residents were being asked to limit water use after a water treatment plant was clogged up by silted water . But the city appeared to escape major flooding after waters peaked at a lower level than forecast . An aerial photo taken above Bundaberg posted by Queensland State Premier Campbell Newman on his Twitter account showed vast swathes of land under water . "  Extent of the flooding is staggering , " he said in the post . Prime Minister Julia Gillard said that 100 Australian military personnel had been deployed to Bundaberg , where the Burnett River is expected to peak at around 9.6 meters on Tuesday , breaking a 1942 record . "  Currently it 's sitting at 9.525 meters , we believe it has just peaked half an hour ago . It 's a record for us , " Forman said . A dozen helicopters , some equipped with night vision , were used to rescue 1,000 stranded residents , many plucked from their rooftops . "  There 's debris everywhere , the trampolines are everywhere , all the kids stuff is everywhere -- it 's just gone , " Melissa Smith , who was among those winched to safety , told ABC News . Residents and officials are being particularly cautious , after flooding caused by heavy rains in late 2010 and 2011 left much of Queensland , known as the "  Sunshine State " , under water . Those floods killed 35 people . More areas are expected to face flooding later in the week as swollen rivers and tributaries make their way toward the coast . Extra police have been deployed in flood-hit regions to prevent looting .	Thousands evacuated as flood waters continue to rise in Australia Four people have died including three-year-old boy hit by tree Hospital being evacuated in hard-hit town of Bundaberg Helicopters pluck stranded from their rooftops
London  CNN  -- British girl Madeleine McCann , who vanished during a 2007 family vacation in Portugal , may still be alive , UK authorities said Wednesday . Madeleine was a few days shy of her fourth birthday when she disappeared from her family 's holiday apartment in Praia da Luz as her parents dined in a nearby tapas restaurant with friends . Despite a huge police investigation , massive coverage in the Portuguese and British media , and a public riveted on social media , she remains missing . London 's Metropolitan Police on Wednesday released a new image of the girl created in collaboration with the family that shows how Madeleine might look at age 9 . Her ninth birthday is May 12 . Timeline of the case An investigative review formed in May last year has been going through details from the case . "  As a result of evidence uncovered during the review , they now believe there is a possibility Madeleine is still alive and are appealing for anyone who is able to provide direct information as to her whereabouts to contact the team , " police said in a statement , without disclosing any details on the possibility of new leads . Investigators are combing through about 100,000 pages of information for more details , authorities said . "  The intention is to identify from that material investigative opportunities which we will then present to the Portuguese authorities who retain primacy for the investigation , " police said . "  Officers have so far identified around 195 such opportunities within the historic material , and are also developing what they believe to be genuinely new material . " Detective Chief Inspector Andy Redwood , who is leading a team of more than 35 officers focused on the McCann case , said they "  will continue to put Madeleine McCann at the heart of everything we do . " Redwood has visited Portugal seven times since the disappearance and has regular contact with the girl 's parents . The investigation is split equally down two lines -- one assuming that Madeleine is dead , the other that she is alive , police said . Since her disappearance , her parents have appealed for help and said there 's a chance she may still be alive . Frequent reports of sightings of her in various parts of the world have sparked frenzies . Last year , a report of a girl bearing a resemblance to the child created a spike on social media . A spokesman for the girl 's parents said the latest report is no more credible than other tips that proved incorrect over the years . Portuguese investigators closed the case in July 2008 .	Madeleine McCann vanished during a 2007 family vacation in Portugal London 's Metropolitan Police release an image of how the girl might look now They say evidence uncovered during a review of the case gave new hope A family spokesman says the new report is no more credible than others
EW.com  -- The battle over "  Bully 's " R rating rages on . Katy Butler , a 17-year-old high school student from Michigan , delivered a petition  with more than 200,000 signatures  Wednesday to the Motion Picture Association of America 's office in Sherman Oaks , California . Her message : Lower the MPAA rating of the upcoming Weinstein Company documentary from R to PG-13 . "  Bully , " a look at the rise of adolescent bullying in America , was rated R for "  some language " -- specifically for the f-word , which is used a reported six times in the film . An R rating means that adolescents under the age of 17 -- the documentary 's intended audience -- can not see the film without an adult guardian . Butler , who came out as a lesbian in middle school and has been the victim of repeated bullying , launched the online petition on February 26 . Since then , she has been featured on CNN and Fox News , and was in the audience during today 's taping of "  The Ellen DeGeneres Show , " during which DeGeneres urged her viewers to also sign the petition . But will all of this media attention have any effect on the MPAA 's decision ? In response to Butler 's petition , the organization released the following statement from Joan Graves , the Chairman of its Classification and Rating Administration : "  Katy Butler 's efforts in bringing the issue of bullying to the forefront of a national discussion in the context of this new film are commendable and we welcome the feedback about this movie 's rating . The MPAA shares Katy 's goals of shining a light on the problem of bullying and we hope that her efforts will fuel more discussion among educators , parents , and children . The voluntary ratings system enables parents to make an informed decision about what content they allow their children to see in movies . The R rating and description of ` some language ' for Bully does not mean that children can not see the film . As with any movie , parents will decide if they want their children to see Bully . School districts , similarly , handle the determination of showing movies on a case-by-case basis and have their own guidelines for parental approval . The R rating is not a judgment on the value of any movie . The rating simply conveys to parents that a film has elements strong enough to require careful consideration before allowing their children to view it . Once advised , many parents may take their kids to see an R-rated film . " With "  Bully 's " March 30 release date quickly approaching , the Weinstein Company is running out of time . The studio lost its appeal to overturn the movie 's R rating , falling one vote short of the two-thirds requirement . As a result , the company was left with three options :  1  Release "  Bully " as is with an R rating ;  2  Edit or mute the profanity in order to obtain a PG-13 rating ; or  3  Release the film without a MPAA rating , which could result in some theaters treating "  Bully " as though it were actually rated NC-17 . The film 's director , Lee Hirsch , has already voiced his opposition to making any edits . "  To cut around -LSB- the profanity -RSB- or bleep it out , it really absolutely does lessen the impact and takes away from what the honest moment was , and what a terrifying feeling it can be -LSB- to be bullied -RSB- , " Hirsch told the AP . And the Weinstein Company believes an R rating would similarly diminish the film 's influence on adolescents . "  If your parents take you or make you go -LSB- to the movie -RSB- , it 's like forcing a child to take medicine , " David Glasser , the studio 's COO , told EW . "  But if a kid has the ability where he can go on his own , it becomes a movement . That 's one of the reasons why we need this rating changed . " So far , the Weinstein Company has n't decided how to move forward with "  Bully , " besides the decision to continue keeping pressure on the MPAA . "  We 're contemplating all options right now regarding what 's best for the movie , " said Glasser . "  In an ideal world , it 'd be great if the MPAA would say , ` Look , they got the majority vote , and in context , -LSB- the film 's language -RSB- is fine . ' And then everybody goes on their way and we 're able to get a very powerful movie out the door . " See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Bully , " a look at adolescent bullying in America , was rated R for "  some language " The Weinstein Co. believes an R rating would diminish the film 's influence on adolescents They said they will continue keeping pressure on the MPAA
CNN  -- It 's been a bad year for bad guys . Twelve months ago , no one could have guessed that Libya 's Moammar Gadhafi , North Korea 's Kim Jong Il and al Qaeda 's Osama bin Laden would be dead ; Egypt 's former president Hosni Mubarak and Tunisia 's former president Zine El Abidine Ben Ali prosecuted and former Bosnian Serb army commander Ratko Mladic in jail . Further , Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh and Syria 's president Bashar al-Assad are under intense pressure both internationally and within their own countries . Top aide : Gadhafi 's ` suicidal ' flight to birthplace The Arab Spring , that led to the fall of so many of the region 's leaders , sent shockwaves around the world , leaving major powers struggling to make sense of the changing landscape -- and ensure their interests are preserved . The dramatic events , followed by unrest in societies considered "  dormant " in terms of traditional activism -- including Spain and Russia -- leave one curious to discover the "  common denominator . " The obvious but unexpected answer is : People power , in all of these cases carried largely by non-partisan youth movements . Much has been written on the revolutions driven by people power youth movements in Tunisia and Egypt . Their unity , planning and nonviolent discipline has inspired the world and given more than 100 million people a chance to change from dictatorship to democracy . The revolutions inspired similar movements . Now leaders of Morocco , Jordan , and even Myanmar are promising reforms . The government of Algeria has emerged from its state of emergency after 19 years . Syrians have risked , and sacrificed , their lives in peaceful demonstrations for freedom and democracy . Let me also note my own country -- Serbia . People power and nonviolent struggle driven by OTPOR , the resistance movement , brought an end to the rule of Slobodan Milosevic on October 5 , 2000 . OTPOR -- which grew from 11 founders to 70,000 supporters over its two-year struggle -- is credited for stripping away the fear and passivity that keep a dictator 's subjects under oppression . During the presidential campaign of September 2000 , OTPOR launched its "  gotov je "  he 's finished  and the "  vreme je "  it 's time  campaigns , which galvanized national discontent with Milosevic and eventually resulted in his defeat . OTPOR became one of the defining symbols of the anti-Milosevic struggle and his subsequent overthrow . Milosevic was delivered to Hague in 2001 , followed by former Serbian leader Radovan Karadzic , then Mladic . This has enabled Serbia to lift the burdens from the past and push towards European Union membership . Srebrenica : Worst European atrocity since WWII People power has been a phenomenon throughout history . It is credited with successes including India 's independence movement , led by Mahatma Gandhi , the battles against racism led by Martin Luther King and Nelson Mandela , and the agitations of Polish activist Lech Walesa during the early stages of the Soviet Union 's downfall . Policymakers often overlook the strategic value of supporting non-violent movements . Fifty out of 67 transitions from dictatorships to democracies in the last 35 years came from non-violent struggle . Armed intervention was not the driving force . The new book "  Why Civil Resistance Works : The strategic Logic of Nonviolent Conflict , " written by Erica Chenoweth and Maria J. Stephan , studies 323 violent and non-violent campaigns from 1900 to 2006 . It finds nonviolent campaigns are more than twice as likely to succeed as violent campaigns . They also found non-violent uprisings are 10 times more likely to end in stable and durable democracies . The last year taught us an important lesson : What used to be called "  realpolitik " is not actually "  real " any more . There is a force more powerful at work shaping the new reality : Strategic nonviolent struggle . Consider what would happen if 1 % of the billions of dollars spent on foreign military interventions in Serbia , Afghanistan , Iraq and , more recently , Libya , went to nonviolent pro-democracy movements . This could be done through education , the translation of books , movies and video clips , developing innovative uses for new media like Facebook or Twitter , and training in nonviolent , civic mobilization . Rebuilding the ruins of Gadhafi My organization , CANVAS , has worked with activists from more than 40 different countries -- and we have seen the power of such education at work in places including Georgia , Ukraine , the Maldives , Tunisia , Egypt and Myanmar . Brave , young and oppressed people around the world are realizing there is immense power in nonviolent struggle . I know this , because they are calling me every day for help . We must recognize the power of nonviolent struggle in promoting what some call the "  fourth wave of democratization . " We should commit these kinds of resources to show we have learnt the most important lesson from these revolutionary months . That would mark 2011 as more than the "  worst year for bad guys , " but encourage and remind millions of oppressed in places like North Korea , Myanmar , Zimbabwe and Iran that power ultimately belongs to the people . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Srdja Popovic	Srdja Popovic says people power was the driving force behind the falls of dictator regimes He says policymakers often overlook the strategic value of supporting non-violent movements Popovic says the world should commit resources away from violent campaigns into non-violent pro-democracy movements
Ours is a government of the people , by the people , for the people . It may be time to add turned over to the people , too -- if the volunteerism of a few kind people , companies and philanthropies is any indication . As conflict between Congress and the White House has wrought a partial government shutdown , several big-hearted individuals and organizations have stepped forward with time and cash to provide services that Uncle Sam now ca n't . Death benefits It is called the ultimate sacrifice , but a soldier giving his or her life for the United States was n't prompting the Pentagon to deliver benefits to surviving family members . So , stepping in is an organization that few Americans outside the military had heard of until now : the Fisher House Foundation . The charity operates 62 residences for injured service members and has served 180,000 military families since 1990 . It is now guaranteeing surviving relatives "  the full set of benefits they have been promised , including a $ 100,000 death gratuity payment , " Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said . In the meantime , Congress is finalizing an agreement to resume paying survivor benefits , including the $ 100,000 payment . $ 5 gift cards An East Coast grocery chain on Thursday began distributing $ 500,000 worth of $ 5 gift cards to food banks in three cities in North Carolina because the pantries expect long lines in the wake of a suspended federal program serving low-income pregnant women and new mothers with children under age 5 . The suspended federal aid is part of the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women , Infants , and Children , called WIC . The food banks can give the $ 5 gift cards -- redeemable at Food Lion stores -- to any family in need , said company spokeswoman Christy Phillips-Brown . Food Lion has 1,100 stores in 10 Eastern states . "  I 'm heading right now to the Charlotte food banks , " Phillips-Brown said on Thursday afternoon . The other cities to receive the gift cards will be Raleigh and Winston-Salem , she said . "  This is important to us because we do n't want families having to choose between paying rent or buying baby formula , " she said . Impoverished preschoolers It took a billionaire couple to keep Head Start classrooms open for 7,000 low-income children in six states . Laura and John Arnold are giving $ 10 million to ensure the early childhood education program remains open in Alabama , Connecticut , Florida , Georgia , South Carolina and Mississippi . Head Start provides schooling to 1 million low-income U.S. children under age 5 in an effort to prepare them for kindergarten and subsequent grades . When Head Start programs close , parents often miss work or must find alternative care for their children . The nonprofit Head Start Association said it will repay the Arnolds if the government , after the shutdown , provides funding to keep programs operational for a year . Feeding the furloughed A food bank is coming to the rescue of more than 2,200 workers at one of the shuttered U.S. parks -- the Grand Canyon National Park -- as well as 1,200 employees in the private hospitality sector who depend on an open park for business . Non-mandated federal employees do n't have a paycheck . And workers in nearby hotels and restaurants are also hurt by the loss of tourism . So , the St. Mary 's Food Bank Alliance in Phoenix has begun weekly distribution of emergency food boxes to workers strained by the Grand Canyon 's shutdown . Beverly Damore , president and CEO of the alliance , recalled how one boy found a can of pork and beans in one box . He held it aloft "  like a prize , " she said in a videotaped statement . "  He was holding it with joy on his face . He so clearly needed that food , " Damore said . She has nevertheless been losing sleep because she did n't note the boy 's name , or that of a couple who accepted food and promised to help the food bank when "  times are better , " she said . "  I do not know how to make those folks in D.C. thousands of miles away stay sleepless with me because they also do not know these fine people , " Damore said . Volunteer lawn mower The Lincoln Memorial in Washington needed a landscaper , so Chris Cox of Charleston , South Carolina , brought a gas mower and trimmed the grass while holding his home state 's flag . The other hand pushed the mower . The moment was captured on a CNN iReport video by passerby Darrel Stroman , who said : "  I get caught at the light and see a man cutting the grass at the Lincoln Memorial . I did n't know what was stranger at the moment -- the fact that he was cutting the lawn or that he was holding the South Carolina state flag while cutting . "  It was a very unusual moment , " Stroman said . Police , however , halted the volunteer landscaper 's activities . "  He was asked to leave and he did , " said Sgt. Paul Brooks , spokesman for the U.S. Park Police . Cox was grateful that police did n't ticket or arrest him . Said Cox : " ` At the end of the day , the citizens are stewards of the memorials . "	A man carrying the South Carolina flag mows the lawn at Lincoln Memorial A food bank feeds hungry furloughed workers at Grand Canyon National Park An East Coast grocery chain distributes 100,000 gift cards worth $ 5 each It takes a billionaire couple to keep Head Start open for low-income toddlers in six states
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The mother of Michael Jackson 's two oldest children broke down in tears when she was asked to describe the impact of the singer 's death on his daughter Paris . "  Their father is dead , " Debbie Rowe responded . "  I almost lost my daughter ! She is devastated . She tried to kill herself . She is devastated . She has no life . She does n't feel she has a life anymore . " Paris , 15 , attempted suicide in early June and is still being treated in a facility for her emotional problems . Jurors sitting for a 70th day of testimony in the wrongful death trial of Jackson 's last concert promoter have laughed loudly at times during the colorful testimony of Rowe , who alternated between tears and jokes . When she and Jackson divorced after their three-year marriage in 1999 , the singer "  got custody of the doctors , " she joked Wednesday . Rowe returned to the witness stand Thursday for a second day of testimony in the small Los Angeles courtroom . She was ordered to testify about the singer 's drug use by lawyers for AEG Live , the concert promoter being sued by Jackson 's mother and three children . Wednesday 's questioning by AEG Live lawyer Marvin Putnam centered on Jackson 's use of prescription drugs -- to deal with pain from scalp surgery , and two times in Germany , where doctors used the surgical anesthetic propofol to treat his insomnia . Thursday 's testimony , however , began with Rowe 's description of Jackson 's skin problems , which included vitiligo -- a condition in which his pigment disappeared , leaving large white spots on his face , hands and body . "  Everyone says he bleached himself , but he did n't , " Rowe said . Many of his visits to Dr. Arnold Klein , the Beverly Hills dermatologist where she worked for 18 years as a medical assistant , were to treat the condition , she testified . Jackson compared himself to the "  Elephant Man , " a 19th-century Englishman who became a circus sideshow curiosity because of severe disfigurements , she said . "  He was worried that people would see the disease or the disfigurement before they would see him working sometimes , " Rowe testified . He also suffered from discoid lupus , which made his skin tissue "  mushy , " especially on his scalp , she said . Jackson 's scalp was severely burned during a pyrotechnics accident while he was filming a Pepsi commercial in 1984 . MJ 's insomnia struggle Two German doctors treated Jackson 's insomnia with propofol 12 years before he died from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic , Rowe testified Wednesday . Dr. Allen Metzger -- Jackson 's general practitioner in the United States -- arranged for the German anesthesiologists to infuse the singer with propofol in a Munich hotel in July 1997 after sedatives failed to help him sleep between concerts , Rowe testified . "  I think they tried it and it had n't worked , and if he could n't sleep , he could n't perform , " she testified . Jackson "  was at the end of his rope ; he did n't know what else to do . " He "  felt better " after eight hours of propofol-induced sleep and decided to get a second treatment after his second Munich show , she said . Metzger testified at the criminal trial of Dr. Conrad Murray that he was never involved in propofol treatments for Jackson and was not aware of the drug until much later . Rowe backed away from her previous statement during a deposition , in which she said doctors also gave Jackson propofol infusions in hotels in France during the HIStory tour , in the late 1990s . AEG Live contends that Jackson used propofol for years to treat his insomnia , including when Rowe was traveling with him in Europe in the 1990s . The coroner ruled Jackson died on June 25 , 2009 , from a propofol overdose administered by Murray , who is serving a prison sentence for involuntary manslaughter . AEG Live executives , who were promoting and producing Jackson 's comeback concerts , had no way of knowing that Murray was infusing him with propofol each night for two months in the spring of 2009 , AEG lawyer Marvin Putnam said in his opening statements 16 weeks ago . "  Almost no one knew until after his death , " Putnam said . "  AEG Live certainly did n't know about it . " The Jackson family 's lawyers contend that the promoters ignored warning signs that Jackson 's health was deteriorating in the two months before his death . Instead of getting him to another doctor who might have saved his life , they gave Murray the responsibility of getting Jackson to rehearsals , they argue . Michael Jackson 's mother , Katherine Jackson , and three of her children contend AEG Live is liable in his death because it negligently hired , retained or supervised Murray . The company 's agreement to pay Murray $ 150,000 a month put the doctor in a conflict of interest because he was in deep debt and could not risk losing the job by refusing Jackson 's demands for propofol , their lawyers contend . AEG Live argues that while its executives negotiated with Murray to serve as Jackson 's physician for the "  This Is It " tour , it was Jackson who chose and controlled the doctor . "  Getting a grip ' on MJ 's pain Jackson underwent surgery in 1993 to repair burns suffered in the 1984 accident , including placement of a balloon under his scalp to stretch it over several months , Rowe testified . His doctors "  could n't get a grip of the pain " the procedure caused and two doctors "  were having a pissing contest over who gave him the better drug , " she said . "  Michael had a very low pain tolerance , and his fear of pain was incredible , " Rowe testified . "  And I think that doctors took advantage of him that way . " Rowe said many of the doctors who treated Jackson were "  idiots , " including the dermatologist she worked for from 1979 until she quit in 1996 before she married Jackson . "  Michael respected doctors immensely , that they went to school , that they studied ... to do no harm , " Rowe said . "  Unfortunately , some of the doctors decided that when Michael was in pain or something that they would try to outbid on who could give him the better drug , and so he listened to those doctors . " Metzger tailored a plan to help Jackson withdraw from dependence on demerol , a powerful painkiller given him because of the scalp pain , she said . That plan , however , was derailed when Jackson resumed traveling on his "  Dangerous " tour , she said . After six weeks , when the tour reached Mexico City  in autumn 1993  , Jackson was "  a hot mess , " she said . "  He was depressed , " she said . "  He had taken something . I do n't know what he had taken or who he had got it from . " After a three-day argument with Jackson , Rowe said , she convinced him to end his tour early and enter a drug rehabilitation program . "  You need to straighten up , " she said she told Jackson . "  You need to face whatever it is that is going on and we 'll get through this . " Jackson eventually announced publicly that he was entering a rehab program to deal with an addiction to prescription drugs . Rowe said Jackson 's drug use was not a secret among people in the "  Dangerous " tour production . AEG Live Co-CEO Paul Gongaware , who was the over the "  This Is It " production when Jackson died , was also tour manager for the "  Dangerous " tour . One revelation from Rowe was that a Beverly Hills plastic surgeon faked doing a procedure on Jackson on two occasions , although he told the singer he had done it . Jackson complained about painful scars in his nose and went to Dr. Steven Hoefflin to inject them with collagen , she said . "  He put Michael out and did n't do anything but put tape on him as if he had treated him , " Rowe testified . The doctor told her he did that because he could not find the scars Jackson thought were there . Thursday is the 70th day of testimony in the trial , which the judge told jurors would likely be given to them for deliberations in late September .	NEW : "  I almost lost my daughter ! " Debbie Rowe testifies Ex-wife describes Michael Jackson 's skin problems , pains and drug use "  Everyone says he bleached himself , but he did n't , " Debbie Rowe says Doctors had "  a pissing contest " over who could give Jackson "  the better drug , " she says
CNN  -- The man being detained in the case of a missing American woman in Aruba is no longer cooperating with authorities , an official in the Caribbean nation said Thursday . Taco Stein , Aruba 's solicitor general , said that Gary Giordano is claiming that it is within his rights not to talk . This approach prompted Aruban authorities to change their tactics , including releasing the suspect 's photo in an attempt to generate tips and requesting assistance from the FBI , said Stein . Richard Wolf , an FBI spokesman in Baltimore , Maryland , confirmed Thursday that Aruban authorities have requested the U.S. agency 's help . The assistance includes conducting interviews in the state , where 35-year-old Robyn Gardner lives . Gardner was last seen August 2 near Baby Beach on the western tip of the Caribbean island , said Ann Angela , a spokeswoman for the Aruban prosecutor 's office . In a press release Thursday , the prosecutor 's office continued to identify the 50-year-old American man "  who was arrested as a suspect on August 5 " by his initials , GVG . They also released a photo of the man , who appears to be Giordano . Giordano 's attorney Michael Lopez has not responded to calls from CNN . The lawyer has told reporters that his client is being held as a suspect in Gardner 's death . According to Aruban prosecutors , the missing woman and the suspect arrived on July 31 from the United States . Gardner 's friend , Christina Jones , told HLN 's Nancy Grace that the woman had known Giordano for "  over a year " and flew to Aruba with him . Jones said that she had some concerns about the trip , but Gardner "  calmed me and said it was OK -- that the trip to Aruba was what she needed . " Giordano had told authorities that he had been snorkeling with Gardner behind Nanki Country Club when he signaled to her to swim back , according to a statement . When he reached the beach , the woman was nowhere to be found , the man allegedly said . But no witnesses have come forward to say they saw Gardner and Giordano snorkeling off Baby Beach , Stein previously has said . Witnesses have said they saw the couple on the beach . "  The statements made by the traveling companion led to such questions that on Friday , August 5 , 2011 , it was decided to detain him for further questioning on the possible drowning of the woman , " the prosecutor 's office said . Lopez , Giordano 's attorney , said Tuesday his client came to Aruba on vacation with a female friend he had met on a dating site and has known for years . Lopez earlier told reporters that his client had been cooperating with police . Lopez said that on his client 's last scheduled day in Aruba , he asked authorities if he needed to stay . "  They did n't answer it , and on his way to the airport , they detained him as a suspect for murder , " Lopez said . Angela would not say what evidence led authorities to suspect his involvement in Gardner 's disappearance . After finding no trace of Gardner , authorities stopped their active search for her on Saturday and are now searching "  passively , " Angela said . Police helicopters and search and rescue officials are keeping their eyes out for any clues to her disappearance , "  but it 's not an active search anymore , " she said . The Aruban solicitor general 's office said Thursday that "  on short notice " it will formally request assistance from the U.S. Justice Department.Stein had said earlier that Aruban officials have had informal conversations with the FBI to verify information and would request help , including seeking telephone records and conducting background checks on both Gardner and Giordano . Investigators in Aruba will analyze a rental car and electronic devices that were in Giordano 's possession , Aruban officials said Wednesday . Richard Forester , also of Maryland , told CNN he and Gardner have been dating for the past seven or eight months . He told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Wednesday evening that Gardner was n't the type to go into deep water , and would more likely stay by the pool . "  It 's just not her to go out and snorkel , " Forester said . Forester said Tuesday that before Gardner 's trip , the two argued over "  the circumstances of her travel " to Aruba . He last heard from her on August 2 in a Facebook message , in which she said they would "  work it out " when she got back . Earlier that day , Forester said , Gardner posted on her Facebook wall "  this sucks , " with no further explanation . She was scheduled to return to the United States on August 4 , Forester said . In an interview with HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell on Thursday -- the same day he was interviewed by authorities -- Forester described Gardner as a woman who "  loved life . " "  She loved to be happy , loved to have fun , loved to be active , " he said . "  She had a very loving , warm heart . " The Natalee Holloway Resource Center -- named after a young American woman whose disappearance in Aruba made international news -- said Forester brought their attention to the case Monday . The Aruban public prosecutor 's office , as well as Forester , urged people in the Caribbean , the United States and elsewhere to come forward with information about Giordano , Gardner and the case . "  It 's very hard not knowing , " Forester told HLN 's Grace on Thursday . "  I would ask everybody who knows anything about  Giordano  to come forward . " CNN 's Martin Savidge and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : The missing woman had known Giordano for "  over a year , " her friend says Aruba 's solicitor general says the suspect now is not talking to authorities The FBI is helping in the case by conducting interviews , a spokesman says Both the missing woman and the man termed the prime suspect are U.S. citizens
Burgas , Bulgaria  CNN  -- Investigators in Bulgaria are working around the clock to identify the man suspected of killing five Israeli tourists and their bus driver in an airport suicide bombing , the country 's interior minister told reporters Friday . Bulgarian Interior Minister Tsvetan Tsvetanov said police were trying to piece together the movements of the suspect , who was carrying a fake Michigan driver 's license . Investigators are also working to analyze the bomb , believed to have been located in a backpack placed Wednesday on the bus in a parking lot outside Burgas International Airport , Tsvetanov said . Israel has said it suspects Iran or an Islamist militant group such as Hezbollah is behind the attack , a claim that has added to tension between Israel and Tehran . Iran , which has condemned the attack , has rejected Israel 's claims . The bodies of the five Israelis arrived Friday morning in Israel , said ZAKA , the volunteer emergency search-and-rescue organization that had gone to Bulgaria to recover them . The coffins , loaded onto a military plane at Burgas airport , were greeted with a ceremony on arrival at Ben Gurion airport outside Tel Aviv . Israeli Tourism Minister Stas Misezhnikov said at the service : "  This is a cruel , deliberate and well-orchestrated wave of terror . Its aim is to target Jews and Israelis , to take down human lives , to kill the freedom . " Among the victims was Kochava Shriki , who was on the bus with her husband and had learned that morning that she was pregnant , CNN affiliate Channel 10 reported . Childhood friends Maor Harush and Elior Priess also died , as did Itzik Kolongi and Amir Menashe , two men who were on holiday with their wives . As Israelis grieved Friday , Bulgaria continued the hunt for clues as to who was responsible . "  At the moment , we are focused on finding the identity of the suicide bomber , and of course from the moment of the blast every single minute and every single hour of his being on the territory of Bulgaria , " Tsvetanov said in a news conference broadcast on Bulgarian National TV . Explosion amid growing Iranian-Israeli tensions The suspect was a foreigner who entered the country with fake identification documents and had been in Bulgaria for at least four days , he said . Experts believe the attack was planned for the precise moment and place that it happened , he said , and they are certain from DNA analysis of body parts found at the scene that the attack was carried out by a suicide bomber . But Tsvetanov said he was not excluding the possibility that a second person might have been involved . Bulgarian authorities are working with their Israeli counterparts and international organizations like Interpol and Europol to identify the suspect , Tsvetanov said . Authorities still do n't know from where the suicide bomber came , where he stayed or what he did , Tsvetanov said . A witness has said the suspect tried to rent a car from him but did n't have a proper driver 's license , so was turned away , the minister said . FBI officials have said the man 's Michigan license was fake . See latest photos of the explosion scene Security footage aired by Bulgarian National TV shows the suspect , -- a white man with long hair and wearing khaki shorts , a baseball cap and sneakers -- looking relaxed as he walks among other travelers , carrying a backpack and a smaller bag . In addition to the fatalities , the bombing wounded more than 30 Israeli tourists , some seriously . Israel 's military flew 36 of the wounded back Thursday to Tel Aviv , where they were taken to Israeli hospitals . The airport bus targeted by the attacker was to have taken about 47 passengers to a beach resort . Bulgaria , whose Black Sea resorts are a popular destination for Israelis , has not speculated on who may have been responsible for the attack . Bulgaria received nearly 8.4 million visitors in 2010 , the last year for which U.N. World Tourism Organization figures are available . The vast majority of the country 's visitors that year , more than 8 million , came from Europe . About 25,000 visitors came from the Middle East . U.S. President Barack Obama spoke with Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borisov by phone on Friday . He condemned the "  barbaric attack , " gave his condolences and offered support for the investigation . Bulgarian officials have sought to reassure those worried by what is an unusual attack in the nation , saying security has been boosted wherever needed . Read Netanyahu 's statement here Burgas airport has reopened and is functioning normally , Tsvetanov said , but access was restricted to passengers . In a televised statement , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Thursday that the attack was "  perpetrated by Hezbollah , Iran 's leading terrorist proxy , " as part of a global campaign that has reached a dozen countries on five continents . But he offered no evidence . Israel 's U.S. Embassy said Wednesday that it had no proof that Iran was the instigator of the attack . Pentagon Press Secretary George Little said Friday that the attack "  does bear the hallmarks of Hezbollah . " He refused to elaborate . Netanyahu said Hezbollah and Iran have been trying to foment terrorism in countries that include Kenya , India and Cyprus , as well as in the United States , where an Iranian is accused of trying to kill the Saudi diplomat . Iran 's Foreign Ministry spokesman , Ramin Mehmanparast , said Israel was engaging in "  baseless accusations against other countries in order to distract the attention of the international community from its terrorist activities being carried out throughout the world , " according to a statement from the state-run IRNA news agency . The Iranian Embassy in the Bulgarian capital of Sofia said earlier that Israeli suggestions that Tehran was involved in the attack were "  unsubstantiated " and that the assertion was politically motivated . CNN 's Boriana Milanova , Guy Azriel , Atika Shubert and Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	Investigators in Bulgaria are seeking clues to the identity of a suicide bomber Minister : "  This is a cruel , deliberate and well-orchestrated wave of terror " The man was a foreigner who entered Bulgaria with false papers , the interior minister says Israel has accused Iran and Hezbollah in the attack , a claim denied by Iran
CNN  -- The dispute between the NCAA and the University of North Dakota over its Fighting Sioux nickname and logo took a new turn Wednesday when the school said the filing of petitions requires it to use the nickname and logo while the issue plays out , possibly in a statewide vote . The National Collegiate Athletic Association has a policy against mascots "  deemed hostile or abusive toward Native Americans . " But people who favor the mascot filed petitions Tuesday with North Dakota Secretary of State Al Jaeger . The petitioners have a two-pronged strategy . One move calls for the state constitution to be changed in order to stipulate the use of the Fighting Sioux name . If certified , that measure would be on the November ballot . Petitioners have until August to submit signatures . The other effort calls for voters to decide in June whether to repeal a law that permitted the school to drop the name . Those petitions were filed this week . In the meantime , university President Robert Kelley said the school is resuming the use of the name and logo . "  I want to reaffirm our respect for the laws of the state and the processes guaranteed under the North Dakota Constitution , " he said in a statement . The NCAA said Wednesday the "  university is subject to the terms of the policy if it uses the logo and nickname . " "  Those terms include not being able to host NCAA championship events and a prohibition against using the nickname and imagery on uniforms for student-athletes , along with cheerleaders ,  the  mascot or band members , in any NCAA championships , " said Erik Christianson , NCAA director of media relations , in a statement . The wrangling has been complicated . The state Legislature in early 2011 passed a law requiring the university to use the Fighting Sioux nickname . But that law was repealed in November 2011 when legislators approved a bill that allowed the school to stop using the moniker . The state requires 13,452 certified signatures to put the law repeal issue before voters . North Dakota has about 684,000 residents . Petition supporters said they turned in more than the minimum number of signatures . "  By filing the petitions last night , the law as passed in early 2011 is now again in effect , " Jaeger told CNN on Wednesday . "  The law passed in November 2011 is now suspended . I have 35 days to review the petitions . If I find the petitions sufficient , it will be certified for the ballot . If not , the bill passed in November will again become the law . " UND 's rock-and-a-hard-place scenario marks the last gasp of a years-long controversy : North Dakota is the last holdout in the NCAA 's campaign to get schools to drop their Native American monikers or get tribal blessings to keep them . In 2007 , the North Dakota Board of Higher Education agreed to retire the Fighting Sioux nickname by August 15 , 2011 , in accordance with the NCAA 's then-2-year-old policy on Native American mascots . Doug Fullerton will be paying close attention to what plays out . As commissioner of the Big Sky Conference , he is overseeing North Dakota 's ascent from Division II obscurity to the far more lucrative stage of Division I. "  When we invited  North Dakota 's football team  into the  Big Sky  conference , this was not an issue , " he said last summer . Citing the conference 's "  close , close ties to Native American tribes " and the threat of boycotts , Fullerton said that he was on ` heightened alert ' Wednesday , noting that North Dakota 's conference membership -- slated to begin July 1 -- could be rescinded if the college presidents within Big Sky so decide . The 13 college presidents of the Big Sky Conference -- including Robert Kelley of North Dakota -- are scheduled to meet in early June , according to Fullerton . A message left by CNN with the North Dakota University System was not immediately returned Wednesday . In 2005 , the NCAA sought to end the longstanding controversy surrounding Native American mascots once and for all by ordering nearly 20 schools whose nicknames and mascots they deemed "  abusive in terms of race , ethnicity or national origin " to either get Native American permission to use their name and likeness , or to come up with a new one . The resulting actions varied among the targeted schools . The Arkansas State Indians became the Red Wolves ; the Indiana University of Pennsylvania Indians became the Crimson Hawks . Other schools satisfied the mandate by tweaking their name , like Southeastern Oklahoma State , where the Savages are now known as the Savage Storm . Others , like the Bradley University Braves , whose name does not affiliate with a specific tribe , were allowed to keep their name so long as Native American logos and imagery were eschewed . Schools with higher-profile athletic programs fared better . The Florida State Seminoles , University of Utah Utes and Central Michigan University Chippewas each obtained permission from their respective namesake tribes to stay the course . But the North Dakota Fighting Sioux -- winners of seven national championships in men 's ice hockey -- were denied such an endorsement from the Tribal Council of the Standing Rock Sioux .	NCAA has a policy against mascots "  deemed hostile " to Native Americans University of North Dakota uses Fighting Sioux nickname and logo Many citizens want school to continue using them But NCAA said there would be repercussions
Boston  CNN  She knew something awful had happened . It was smoky and all she could hear were muffled screams . Her foot was turned sideways and her legs would n't work right . And her good friend , Krystle Campbell , was just lying there on the ground . Karen Rand -- she 's Karen McWatters now -- dragged herself across the pavement . She wanted to get closer to Krystle so they could talk and take comfort from each other in the midst of so much chaos . "  I got close to her , " she recalled . "  For some reason , I got close to her head and we put our faces together . " Krystle said that her legs hurt . They were the last words she 'd speak . The two women held hands until Krystle 's went limp . McWatters was the fifth witness of the first day of the terror trial of accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , who is accused of detonating pressure cooker bombs with his brother to punish the United States for policies they believe inflict suffering on Muslims . Three people were killed in the blasts : Campbell , a 29-year-old manager for a restaurant chain ; Martin Richard , an 8-year-old boy ; and Lingzi Lu , a 23-year-old grad student . More than 250 others were injured . And the first day of the trial -- after opening statements -- revolved around a number of survivors of the attack , who recounted in detail the chaos of that day . Prosecutors called them to the stand to paint a picture of the havoc and pain the bombings inflicted . Tsarnaev 's attorneys chose not to cross-examine any of the survivors . McWatters fought her emotions as she looked at a photograph that showed her and her friend of eight years lying amid a heap of dazed and broken people . Their two faces , side by side , stand out among the jumble of limbs . Krystle 's mouth is open , but she is very pale . "  I was really scared , " McWatters testified , "  and I remember screaming for someone to help us . Everybody was screaming , everybody was screaming for help . It seemed like a long time before help got to us , but it probably was n't . " By the time first responders reached Krystle , it was too late . "  They were doing CPR on Krystle and I started to think she did n't make it , " McWatters said . She grabbed her friend 's cell phone and tucked it in her pocket . By the time she arrived at the hospital , shock had set in . She was confused . For a while , that phone led hospital staffers to believe she was Krystle Campbell . When Krystle 's parents rushed to her bedside and saw she was n't their daughter , they were heartbroken , McWatters said . Krystle 's boyfriend recognized her and called her parents . Two days later , doctors told her they were taking her leg . Her body was broken , and it hurt like crazy , she said . But not as much as losing her friend . Campbell 's death was the first to be described in detail at Tsarnaev 's trial . But descriptions of the other two deaths at the marathon and the death of a police officer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology will come soon . There were runners conquering a 26.2-mile feat nearby , but Noah 's attention was elsewhere , playing with rocks and pretending to be a scientist . The 5-year-old thought it was a very cool idea to handle the rocks , his mother , Rebekah Gregory , told jurors . Gregory recalled that she thought it lucky that Noah was happy playing scientist . The next thing she remembers is being hoisted and thrown back . Other witnesses used similar phrases : Blown through the air , deafening explosion , cries for help . Shane O'Hara , the manager at Marathon Sports , a running store near where the bombs went off , said it sounded like a loud cannon , followed by an instant cloud of smoke that covered the windows . O'Hara recalled stepping outside to the smell of gunpowder and burning hair . The decisions about whom to aid first -- those among the injured needing help before others -- still haunts him , he said . There were cries , sirens and screams , he said in answer to prosecutors ' questions . He sniffled as a photo of the blown-out storefront was shown in the courtroom . He told the jury the plea he heard : "  Stay with me , stay with me . " Outside , Gregory tried to sit up , but could not rise much . "  My first instinct as a mother was where in the world was my baby , where was my son , " Gregory said . She could n't see her legs , but she saw her bones lying next to her on the sidewalk , she testified . "  At that point I thought that was the day I would die , " she said . Gregory lifted her arms and her bones were sticking out of her flesh . Somehow , over the cacophony , she heard Noah calling for her . She was n't imagining it . Colton Kilgore , who was also part of Gregory 's group and another of Wednesday 's witnesses , remembered the terrified boy looking for his mother . Boston Marathon bombing timeline The day 's testimony was dramatic and emotional , most likely as the prosecutors wanted it . Anyone who follows the news has seen footage of the bombings and read accounts of what happened . The power of the survivors ' testimonies in the courtroom was in the details that made what some would call an unimaginable crime into something very real . They shared small memories , like what people said in the immediate aftermath of the attack . Gregory told the jury about how she knew Noah was being cared for . Then she focused on the tourniquet that was being twisted on her leg by aid-givers . "  We have an amputee , " she saw one of them mouth . What they told her aloud was something along the lines of "  This is really , really bad , but we will help you . " Another survivor , Sydney Corcoran , testified that after the blasts -- which left her ears ringing "  just like leaving a concert " -- she was hurt but did n't know that she was severely injured . She limped to a railing , grabbed it , and passed out , she said . Eyes open again shortly afterward , she found herself on her back , with a group of men applying pressure on her thigh , trying to figure out where she was bleeding . "  I remember a man putting his forehead to my head and telling me I 'd be all right , " she said . Corcoran was a senior in high school . After the one man told her she would be OK , another said he could see her eyes going white . "  I could feel my body going tingly and I was getting increasingly cold . I knew I was dying , " she testified . In court , she was asked if she knew why she was feeling cold . "  I was dying . The blood was leaving my body . I was bleeding out , " she answered . It felt like she was sliding into sleep . Almost peaceful , Corcoran said . Like she was going to go to sleep and fade away . Doctors saved the teen , but her life was not spared the pain of the attack . Corcoran awoke in a hospital and saw her father , she testified . Because she was intubated , she motioned for a pen and a paper and wrote a question for her father . Was her mother alive ? "  Once he looked at what I 'd written he started to cry , " Corcoran told jurors . The father responded : "  She 's OK , but her legs are gone . " CNN 's Ann O'Neill reported from Boston . CNN 's Mariano Castillo reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Sonia Moghe contributed to this report .	"  I remember screaming for someone to help us , " one survivor recalls The first day of the Boston Marathon bombings trial focuses on the survivors Several survivors testify about the sights , smells and pain of that day
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- While nearly all maritime activity on the Potomac River will be halted on Inauguration Day , a handful of Mall-goers will sail from Virginia to Washington on water taxis . Some people will cross the Potomac River via water taxi on Inauguration Day . Working closely with the United States Coast Guard , the Potomac Riverboat Company , based in Alexandria , Virginia , plans to ferry up to 3,200 passengers from across the frigid Potomac on seven climate-controlled boats . The service is partially a response to the closure of all bridges from Virginia to D.C. on Inauguration Day , a measure that prompted an uproar among Virginia residents . According to maritime authorities in charge of the region , PRC is the only company being allowed to taxi across the river on the 20th . "  Because the taxi service provided us with a security plan that we examined and deemed adequate to provide good security , I granted them a waiver to operate at an increased security level , " National Capitol Region Port Captain Brian Kelley says . "  The taxis are going to operate on a strict schedule and a strict route . " The Coast Guard established a temporary security zone on waterways in the National Capitol Region , stepping up restrictions day-by-day leading up to 11 p.m. on January 19 . At that point , all vessels must be docked and only boats with an approved sail plan will be allowed to operate . John Lake , a ship captain and the general manager of the company , said the sail plan he submitted was approved only a week ago and details nearly every move taxis will make . "  All the departures are scheduled times . And those departures are supposed to leave on-time , " Lake said . "  We have to call in on each departure to the Coast Guard , let them know we 're preparing to get under way , and get the permission , basically , to get under way . " The boats depart the Alexandria Marina for the 40-minute trip beginning around 6 a.m. and must be docked on the southwest D.C. shore by 10 a.m. From there , it 's a cold , mile-long walk to the Mall , so Lake has some advice for passengers . "  Show up early to get through the security check and dress warm , " he said . "  It 's going to be nice and toasty on the boat , but not so much outside . " Return trips , tentatively scheduled for around 6 p.m. , are not allowed to depart D.C. until after the inaugural parade events have concluded and President Obama is secured . In keeping with the Coast Guard 's security measures , Lake says all passengers must arrive at least an hour early for a full screening . Passengers that want to stay in D.C. after the early evening departures will have to find other transport back across the Potomac . PRC Vice President Charlotte Hall says tickets went on sale Monday and the initial response from customers has been enthusiastic .	Up to 3,200 passengers to be taken across Potomac on seven boats Service is partially a response to the closure of all bridges from Virginia to D.C. Potomac Riverboat Company clears security to provide service All passengers must arrive at least an hour early for a full screening
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Embattled Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich vowed Friday to fight federal corruption charges and stay on the job , despite calls for his resignation amid allegations that he attempted to sell President-elect Barack Obama 's former Senate seat . Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich spoke to reporters at a news conference Friday but did not take questions . "  I will fight , I will fight , I will fight until I take my last breath . I have done nothing wrong , " Blagojevich said in a brief news conference in Chicago . "  I 'm not going to quit a job that people have hired me to do . " The spirited comments were the first public statements from the second-term governor about the allegations since his arrest December 9 on federal corruption charges . Federal prosecutors have accused the governor of trying to sell Obama 's former Senate seat . Prosecutors also allege the governor and his former chief of staff , John Harris , tried to have Chicago Tribune editorial board members fired by leveraging state assistance to the parent company of the newspaper , the Tribune Co. , in its sale of Wrigley Field . Blagojevich said he was "  dying " to show his innocence , but maintained he would reserve his comments for an appropriate forum . "  I 'm not going to do what my accusers and political enemies have been doing , and that is talk about this case in 30-second sound bites on ` Meet the Press ' or on the TV news , " he said . "  I have on my side the most powerful ally there is , and it is the truth . " Watch Blagojevich speak at the news conference " Quoting Rudyard Kipling 's poem , "  If , " Blagojevich called on the public to be patient and reserve judgment until the facts unfold in criminal proceedings . "  If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs and blaming it on you ; if you can trust yourself when all men doubt you , but make allowance for their doubting , too ; if you can wait and not be tired by waiting ; or being lied about , do n't deal in lies ; or being hated , do n't give way to hating , " he said . Blagojevich did not take questions from reporters . Earlier Friday , his attorney , Ed Genson , said he did not feel it was prudent for the governor to answer questions now . Genson has said that the governor did nothing wrong and that evidence obtained through wiretaps in Blagojevich 's office and home was "  illegally obtained . " The 76-page criminal complaint against Blagojevich includes snippets of intercepted phone calls involving the governor 's alleged efforts to benefit from the Senate vacancy . After Blagojevich 's statement , Genson 's co-counsel , Sam Adam Jr. , told reporters that the U.S. attorney 's office has not provided them with information related to the criminal complaint . "  We 've been asking for the documents . We 've been asking for the tapes . We 've been asking for the witnesses , we 're asking for a witness list . We have not gotten that , " he said . Blagojevich 's arrest has thrown Illinois politics into chaos . Many of the state 's political leaders -- including Obama -- have called on the governor to resign . Harris , who was also arrested on federal corruption charges , resigned days after his arrest . Watch Illinois lawmakers discuss impeachment " Members of an Illinois House of Representatives panel met Wednesday to continue discussions about whether there is a basis to impeach Blagojevich .	Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich says he is not guilty of criminal wrongdoing Blagojevich says he has the truth on his side , vows to stay on the job Governor accused of trying to sell President-elect Obama 's Senate seat Blagojevich 's lawyer says evidence was illegally obtained
MENTAL FLOSS  -- Most of the world seems to think that America invented obesity sometime in the last century , but the truth is , fat has always been a part of life  witness Hatshepsut , one of the great ancient Egyptian queens who reigned in the 15th century BC -- despite her svelte sarcophagus , modern archeologists believe that she was pretty obese and may have suffered from diabetes  . Goldfish may have delivered a dubious dietary aid -- tapeworms . So it stands to reason that dieting has been around just as long . Some historians credit William the Conqueror with starting the first fad diet . Having grown too fat to ride his horse , William went on a liquid diet in 1087 -- or , rather , a liquor diet , since all he did was drink booze . The story might be apocryphal -- William , still fat , actually died after falling from his horse and there was no word on whether he was drunk at the time -- but it 's a good one , and it sets the tone for the next 1000 + years of dieting . Throughout history , people have been looking for some kind of magic that will allow one to eat and live as one pleases , but still look emaciatedly gorgeous . And they 've come up with some pretty dubious theories that somehow took hold in the public consciousness and became fads . Here are a few of our favorites . Location , location , location "  The Causes and Effects of Corpulence " was a treatise penned in 1727 by one Thomas Short , in which he observed that larger people were more likely to live near swampy areas . His advice ? Fat people should move to more arid climes . Improbable side effects The namesake of the graham cracker -- ironically now an integral part of that deliciously fattening treat , the ` smore -- was a Presbyterian minister who claimed that overeating could not only make you fat , it could make you lecherous , too . In the 1830s , Sylvester Graham ran health retreats for like-minded parishioners featuring a strict meat-free , incredibly bland diet . Chew yourself thin Horace Fletcher , a turn of the century San Francisco art dealer , became known as the Great Masticator after he claimed he lost more than 40 pounds by chewing his food until it was essentially liquefied and spitting out all the bits that were n't . Fletcher 's scheme became incredibly popular -- novelist Henry James and industry titan John D. Rockefeller were reportedly fans , as was John Harvey Kellogg . Kellogg , of the cereal fame , was a health nut who ran a sanitarium in Michigan , where he encouraged his visitors to "  Fletcherize " with a little song he wrote called "  Chew Chew . " Mental Floss : How cereal transformed American culture The parasite diet In the early part of the 20th century , the weight loss industry allegedly found a tiny little helper in the form of a tiny little parasite -- the noble tapeworm . According to product advertisements of the day , tapeworms were being sold in pill form as a weight loss tool . While whether or not those pills actually contained a real live tapeworm is certainly debatable , however , there is evidence that jockeys , who frequently needed to lose a lot of weight fast , would try to induce tapeworms . Another favorite weight loss tool of the Lilliputian equestrians : Burying themselves in piles of horse manure , which acted as a kind of natural sauna . Introducing the calorie In 1918 , Dr. Lulu Hunt Peters introduced a new word to the world lexicon -- "  calorie "  may she be forever cursed for it  . Peters ' book , "  Diet and Health , With a Key to Calories , " which helpfully included a phonetic spelling of the word "  calorie , " as so many people were unfamiliar with it , sold more than 2 million copies and established calorie-counting as the framework of a good health . This diet regime was n't particularly dubious , but it did lend a potentially dangerous new tool to those looking for a way to quantify and reduce their food intake . Case in point : The Scarsdale Diet of 1979 , a strict 700-calorie a day diet that works -- because you 're starving . Mental Floss : Quiz : Which item has more calories ? The goldfish diet OK , this one was n't so much about weight loss as it was fame gain , but in 1939 , it was a fad that swept the nation . Like most good things , it all started with a bet -- a Harvard University undergrad won $ 10 after swallowing an innocent fishy . The story spread from there , prompting a countrywide goldfish slaughter . Goldfish swallowing became so popular that not only were pet stores running out of the indigestible comestibles , but the New York Times published warnings from doctors that swallowing goldfish , which are known to carry tapeworms and other parasites , could be very harmful to one 's health . The nicotine diet By the middle of the 20th century , dieting had become such a major economic , social and cultural force in the Western world that cigarette companies , not wanting to miss the money boat , jumped on board promoting cigarettes as a weight-loss tool . It 's a belief that persists today -- ask any supermodel . The master cleanse In the 1940s , nutrition guru Stanley Burroughs created the Master Cleanse , a fast during which the dieter subsists solely on a mixture of cayenne pepper , fresh-squeezed lemon juice , maple syrup and water . The Master Cleanse is still popular today , especially among anorexics and aspiring anorexics , despite the fact that most nutritionists and doctors say that "  detoxing " is a nonsensical and potentially harmful idea . The Sleeping Beauty diet Then there 's the Sleeping Beauty Diet , a regime that allows the dieter to literally sleep off the pounds while under heavy sedation for several days . Elvis was reportedly a fan of that one , right about the time when he was having a little trouble squeezing into those trademark white jump suits , as was a character in the landmark beach read , "  Valley of the Dolls . " Mental Floss : 7 simple rules for how to take a nap The monotony diets The 20th century also brought us back to a concept allegedly pioneered by William the Conqueror -- the single food or drink diet . There 's the Grapefruit Diet , which alleges that eating a lot of grapefruit and drinking a lot of grapefruit juice , in conjunction , of course , with a very low-calorie diet , is the way to weigh less ; the Cabbage Soup Diet , which is said to cause serious gas with a side of nausea ; the Popcorn Diet , which is pretty much undercut by all the tasty things one puts on popcorn to make it palatable ; and the Chocolate Diet , which , though tempting , is just plain silliness . Memorable dieting paraphernalia And let 's not forget about the gadgets that went along with these suspect food fads , like the Vision-Dieter Glasses , which made food look unappealing , or the Mini-Fork system , which encouraged people to eat smaller portions by supplying them with -- you guessed it -- smaller forks . Or how about slimming soaps , popular in the 1930s , which promised dieters that they could just wash the fat away ? And then there 's the perennially popular vibrating machine , which promised to melt off pounds by a few minutes of intense body vibration -- and which is actually enjoying a comeback now at gadgetry stores like Brookstone . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Over the years , there have been many dubious theories on how to lose weight William the Conqueror went on liquid diet  alcohol  until killed by fall from horse In early 20th century , pills alleged to contain tapeworms were sold for weight loss Living in arid areas , chewing food into liquid , smoking pitched for weight loss
CNN  The call to police was for cardiac arrest . But the strangulation and trauma wounds on the 18-year-old woman suggested something far more violent happened . Karlie Hall was found in her dorm room Sunday morning at Millersville University , about an hour west of Philadelphia , the Lancaster County District Attorney 's Office said . Her boyfriend , 19-year-old Gregorio Orrostieta , called 911 around 5:20 a.m. , prosecutor Craig Stedman said . "  We did n't know we had a crime at first , " Stedman told CNN . But the prosecutor said Orrostieta later told authorities the couple had a fight . An autopsy Monday revealed Hall suffered trauma and strangulation wounds . Orrostieta has been charged with criminal homicide . He is being held without bail . Stedman said the couple started dating 11 months ago , when she was in high school . Orrostieta is not a student at Millersville University . About three hours before Orrostieta called 911 , a residential assistant heard a struggle and knocked on Hall 's dorm room door , Stedman said . But no one answered the door , and the residential assistant went back to bed . "  Our university community has suffered an unfathomable loss , " Millersville University President John Anderson wrote . He said counselors will be available throughout the week . Ex-Virginia lacrosse player sentenced to 23 years in ex-girlfriend 's killing	18-year-old Karlie Hall was found fatally injured in her Millersville University dorm room Her boyfriend is charged with criminal homicide after an autopsy revealed strangulation wounds
London , England  CNN  -- Ozzy Osbourne , the former front man of rock group Black Sabbath , says that after decades of living a life of drugs and sex , he 's lucky to be alive today . Speaking to CNN 's Max Foster , Osbourne described in detail how he often played a dangerous game when it came to using drugs and having promiscuous sex . "  With the sexually transmitted disease , what I was doing is playing Russian roulette with sex , " says Osbourne . "  With the drugs , it nearly killed me on a daily basis -- I did a lot of heavy drug taking for a long time and I survived it by the grace of God . "  You might not be as lucky as me -- I 'm living on borrowed time . " In his autobiography , "  I am Ozzy , " Osbourne discusses his past , his family and his time with Black Sabbath . Answering a viewer 's question on whether he realized his power to change people 's lives , Osbourne replied with shock . "  When you 're on the inside looking , you do n't see it that way , " Osbourne said . "  But I suppose you 're right . I do -- I do have the power to change people 's lives . " What does he remember about Black Sabbath ? "  We were just four kids from Aston in Birmingham who had a good idea and it worked out fine . " Osbourne also discussed the current state of the music industry and the "  manufacturing " of artists today . "  It 's completely different -- they 're manufactured people now ... like ice cream . "  Every now and then somebody comes out and I really like them -- I really like this Lady Gaga . "	Ozzy Osbourne says he is lucky to be alive after years of drug and alcohol abuse During a CNN interview , Osbourne says he played Russian roulette with sex Osbourne has a new autobiography out called "  I am Ozzy " Osbourne was the former front man for Black Sabbath
The latest norovirus outbreak aboard the Princess Cruises ' Crown Princess has infected 172 people , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . At least 158 of 3,009 passengers and 14 of 1,160 crew members came down with the virus aboard the Crown Princess during a 28-day cruise that docked in Los Angeles on Sunday . This ship had sailed from Los Angeles to Hawaii and Tahiti . Are cruise ships floating petri dishes ? Onboard rapid norovirus testing resulted in positive results of the virus , the CDC investigation update confirmed . "  Over the last few days , the ship began seeing an increased number of gastrointestinal illnesses , caused by norovirus  commonly referred to as the stomach flu  , " said Princess Cruises spokeswoman Susan Lomax , via email . "  In response , we have enacted our stringent disinfecting protocols developed in conjunction with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control  CDC  , which includes an extensive deep cleaning of the ship and the terminal in Los Angeles on Sunday before the ship embarks on its next voyage . " The CDC statement confirmed the ship has implemented CDC sanitation procedures to slow the disease 's spread . The cruise line also made announcements to notify onboard passengers of the outbreak , encouraging hand hygiene and case reporting . Passengers about to board the ship were also supposed to be notified . At least 122 of 3,161 passengers and 30 of 1,176 crew members aboard the Crown Princess were sickened on an April sailing , according to the CDC . The federal agency blamed norovirus and E. Coli for the outbreak . Norovirus is known for being quite contagious . It causes nausea , vomiting and diarrhea and is believed to have infected passengers on a number of cruise ships this year . "  As it is the cold and flu season , when the stomach flu circulates on land , we encourage all of our guests to be diligent in following the widely accepted practices of frequent hand washing with soap and water and the use of hand sanitizers , " said Lomax . Is your cruise safe ? In February , 114 passengers and 10 crew members took ill on the Holland America cruise ship MS Veendam during a weeklong voyage . In January , more than 600 people on cruise ships sailing in the Caribbean fell ill from the virus , the CDC reported . How the Navy avoids norovirus Norovirus infects many people on land , but health officials track it on cruise ships , leading to more frequent reporting of cases , the CDC said . It is passed in person-to-person contact and can spread more easily in closed quarters .	158 passengers and 14 crew members come down with norovirus Princess Cruises ' Crown Princess was on a nearly-month long trip U.S. health officials track it on cruise ships , leading to more frequent reporting
CNN  In 2013 , "  The Bible " broke ratings records on the History Channel , so of course , a sequel was ordered up -- and this one is on NBC . The new miniseries from Mark Burnett and Roma Downey is one of six shows to watch this week . 1 . "  A.D. . The Bible Continues , " 9 p.m. ET Sunday , NBC Just in time for Easter , the peacock network debuts the "  Bible " sequel , picking up with Jesus ' resurrection and following the early days of Christianity . NBC scored on picking up the follow-up to the smash cable hit , starring Juan Pablo Di Pace as Jesus and Greta Scacchi as Mary  replacing Downey in the role  . The full miniseries will run for 12 weeks , so consider it a spring revival . 2 . "  Mad Men , " 9 p.m. Sunday , AMC We 've arrived at the end , "  Mad Men " fans . This is the first of the last several episodes , where we 'll learn the fate of Don Draper and the cast of characters . Click here for more on "  Mad Men . " 3 . "  American Odyssey , " 10 p.m. Sunday , NBC Anna Friel  "  Pushing Daisies "  stars as a special forces translator in Mali who is believed to be dead by those back in the States . On the show , she struggles to get back home , while we discover how she ended up how she did . 4 . "  Louie , " 10:30 Thursday , FX Louis C.K. 's critically-acclaimed comedy is back for a fifth season . Will Louie continue to offend people in his life ? All signs point to yes . Is Louie still dating his best friend-turned-girlfriend , Pamela ? We 'll have to tune into find out . 5 . "  The Comedians , " 10 p.m. Thursday , FX Billy Crystal returns to television , with co-star Josh Gad , as two people starring in an FX comedy . It 's a meta mockumentary about the making of a comedy show . "  Seinfeld " and "  Curb Your Enthusiasm 's " Larry Charles is among the producers . 6 . "  Marvel 's Daredevil , " Friday , Netflix This ai n't Ben Affleck 's movie . Now that Marvel has the rights to the "  Man Without Fear " back , they 've decided to launch several series for Netflix , starting with this dark , gritty drama about blind lawyer Matt Murdock , and his moonlighting as a costumed avenger  no pun intended  .	Sequel to popular "  Bible " miniseries debuting on NBC "  Mad Men " premieres the first of its final episodes Netflix premieres its first Marvel series , "  Daredevil "
CNN  -- A worker at San Francisco General Hospital alerted a supervisor about a body in a stairwell four full days before the facility announced that a long-missing patient 's body had been found in the same locale , a lawyer for the patient 's family said Thursday . Haig Harris , an attorney representing the children of the late Lynne Spalding , said an official at San Francisco General called him on Thursday to tell him about the October 4 incident . The 57-year-old Spalding was admitted to the hospital September 19 . She was reported missing two days later . On October 8 , the body found in an exterior stairwell in the building was identified as Spalding . Hospital spokeswoman Rachael Kagan confirmed that Dr. Jeffrey Critchfield , chief of the Division of Hospital Medicine , called Harris on Thursday , though Kagan did not elaborate on their conversation . Harris said Critchfield told him that around 7:20 a.m. on October 4 , a senior female staff member on the hospital 's fifth floor heard banging coming from Stairwell 8 . She went to check and saw another hospital staffer , who told her there was a body lying between the third - and fourth-floor landings , Harris said . The senior staffer , a supervisor , then called the San Francisco Sheriff 's Department to relay the report , Critchfield told Harris , according to the lawyer . The sheriff 's department oversees security on the hospital 's campus . It 's not known what happened immediately after that . Review ordered after body found in stairwell Sheriff 's department spokeswoman Susan Fahey would neither confirm nor deny the call or any subsequent response . She said on Thursday that she could not discuss specifics of an ongoing investigation . Authorities have not detailed how Spalding died . She was admitted to the hospital for a bladder infection . When she disappeared on September 21 , she was listed in "  fair condition , " the hospital and sheriff 's department said earlier this month in a joint statement . The statement added that hospital employees and sheriff 's deputies searched for Spalding . On October 8 , a member of the hospital 's engineering staff , who was conducting a routine quarterly check , found her body in an exterior stairwell . The hospital and sheriff 's department noted the alarmed stairwell , which exits to the hospital grounds at the bottom , "  is a fire exit that is not routinely used by staff , patients or the public . " CNN 's Greg Botelho and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	A San Francisco General Hospital official calls a lawyer for Lynne Spalding 's family Lawyer : A hospital worker found a body in a stairwell ; a supervisor called authorities Lynne Spalding 's body was n't found in a hospital stairwell until four days later The sheriff 's department declines comment , including on whether its deputies responded
Madrid  CNN  -- Spain 's new government announced a series of spending cuts Friday intended to bring down the country 's soaring deficit amid concerns over the European debt crisis . The conservative Popular Party , which was only sworn in last week , has said it will set out its full budget by March 2012 but urgent action is needed to reduce borrowing . Among the austerity measures ahead are a continued freeze on public sector salaries and hiring , as well as a freeze , for the first time , on the minimum wage , said Budget and Public Administration Minister Cristobal Montoro Romero after a Cabinet meeting Friday . The only public spending increase next year will be on pensions , which will rise by about 1 % , he said . Pension payments were frozen under the Socialists , who led the previous government , amid much public outcry . Welfare payments for the unemployed will be maintained , Montoro said , while those earning the most will face higher taxes . Tough measures are needed for the next two years because the 2011 deficit is higher than expected , at 8 % of Gross Domestic Product , Montoro said . GDP is the total market value of all the goods and services produced by a country in a given year . He said the government was asking for sacrifices from those who have more , rather than the ones who are already suffering . Prime Minister Rajoy , whose party won a landslide election victory over the Socialists last month , has said his top priority is pulling the nation out of its deep economic crisis . Investors have been closely watching yields on euro area government bonds this year for signs the debt crisis is spreading to larger economies such as Spain and Italy . The concern is that their governments may not be able to service their debts and fund their activities if borrowing costs hold above 7 % for a sustained period . If that happened Spain and Italy might be the next eurozone nations to need a bailout . Yields on 10-year Spanish bonds hit a 6.7 % high in November but have dropped back since . In a speech to Parliament after he was sworn in last week , Rajoy reiterated his campaign theme that fixing the broken economy , including boosting growth and job creation , would be his priority . About 5 million people in the country are jobless . Spain has an overall unemployment rate of 21.5 % , but its youth unemployment rate is a staggering 45 % . Rajoy said 16.5 billion euros  about $ 21.5 billion  would be cut from the budget next year to meet Spain 's deficit reduction target , in measures yet to be spelled out in full . He said there would soon be labor market reforms to make Spain 's workforce more flexible and competitive , and that there would be mergers and takeovers in Spain 's troubled banking sector -- which holds a lot of bad debt from 750,000 unsold new homes that went up during the real estate boom but before the financial crisis and credit crunch set in . CNN 's Al Goodman and journalist Belen Chiloeches contributed to this report .	New Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has said Spain 's economic recovery is his top priority Public sector wages and hiring are to be frozen in next year 's budget Pension payments , which had been frozen , will increase by 1 %
