Two days after snow began to fall -- and a day after many Georgians , including hundreds of schoolchildren , finally made it home -- the state 's governor apologized Thursday for what many saw as an insufficient and ineffective response . Gov. Nathan Deal told reporters he was "  not satisfied " with how his state dealt with the 2.6 inches of snow plus the sheets of ice that it turned into , leading to massive gridlock throughout metro Atlanta . In addition to students stranded at school , many drivers camped out in their cars or abandoned them by the hundreds along thoroughfares big and small . "  I accept responsibility for the fact that we did not make preparation early enough to avoid these consequences , " Deal said . " ... I 'm not looking for a scapegoat . I 'm the governor , the buck stops with me . " Speaking later Thursday with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , Deal said "  we all made errors in judgment " and that "  the major lesson is we have to be more proactive . " According to the governor , that means taking action like declaring a state of emergency earlier on -- even if it ends up being a false alarm , relatively -- and making sure the resources are available to deal with such a crisis . "  Apologies are something that do n't change the circumstances , " said the governor , a Republican running for re-election in November . "  What we intend to do is change the circumstances . " Winter now taking a kinder approach Mother Nature has helped thaw some of the snow , slush and ice in northern Georgia , thanks to sunny skies and temperatures that crept above freezing . Yet while the major interstates are largely clear , the danger is hardly over . The National Weather Service 's forecast calls for nighttime temperatures in the mid-teens through much of the region . That means the threat of yet more ice , especially on untreated roads . To that point , while a few area school districts such as Gwinnett and Walton counties are vowing to reopen , most in the area will remain closed because of still-hazardous conditions , especially on secondary roads . One man who lives on such a road is Ed Diefenbach . The 50-year-old said Thursday afternoon that no one had treated his tree-lined road on the city of Atlanta 's northern outskirts , along which there are hundreds of homes . Instead , drivers are crawling past remaining icy patches . Diefenbach , who posted pictures to CNN iReport , recalled how a friend retrieved his hungry 10-year-old son from school Tuesday night because buses could n't move while he had to ditch his car up the street . He said he 's concerned not only about the road now , but how authorities -- whatever their comments to date -- will respond to the next crisis . "  The mayor  Kasim Reed  was very defensive and so was the governor , " Diefenbach said of both public officials ' earlier comments . " ... It 's just a lot of frustration . " Georgia emergency official under fire At Thursday 's news conference , the director of the Georgia Emergency Management Agency acknowledged having made "  a terrible error in judgment " in not opening the emergency operations center six hours earlier than he did . Charley English said he first talked to the governor about how serious the situation was becoming , particularly around metro Atlanta , as the forecast shifted at 9 or 9:30 a.m. Tuesday . This was some six hours after meteorologists upgraded to a winter storm warning . "  I got this one wrong , " he said . "  I made the decision not to do anything until later that morning . " He said that next time out when forecasts change , GEMA and the state team it coordinates will respond more aggressively . Asked whether he planned to resign , English said , "  That 's not my call . " Deal was noncommittal about English 's future , saying it was too early to talk about firing anybody . But the governor did say that during Tuesday morning , "  we were told that further action was not necessary . " To that point , in an e-mail exchange with Deal 's chief of staff , English affirmed Monday afternoon that he would have alerted the governor 's staff "  if the weather was going to be bad , " but he did n't believe that was the case then . The e-mails were first reported by the Atlanta Journal-Constitution and later obtained by CNN . In another e-mail between the two around 4:15 p.m. Tuesday , the emergency management director acknowledged the huge challenge -- how to treat slick roads when they were covered by so many slow-moving or stalled vehicles . "  I do n't see how we are going to get rid of the ice with such low temps predicted , " English wrote . "  Too many cars out there now to make a lot of progress . " Reed cited the mass exodus from his city as largely responsible for the resulting gridlock . The mayor admitted a "  lack of experience " in dealing with "  severe weather events " in Atlanta also played a role . "  We made an error in the way that we released our citizens , " the mayor told NBC 's "  Today , " claiming that the situation might have gone more smoothly if schools , then private businesses , then government offices released people in that order . "  I think it would have made a major difference . " Katrina vet : ' I think they failed ' Whether such explanations or promises of change will assuage the legions of critics remains to be seen . The crisis dragged on far longer than many would have liked . It was not until Wednesday evening -- more than a day after the snowfall began -- that Deal announced that all of metropolitan Atlanta 's schoolchildren had gotten home . Some chided officials for learning little from a 2011 ice storm that paralyzed the region for a week , because no one could safely get anywhere . The Atlanta Journal-Constitution 's Pulitzer Prize-winning cartoonist , Mike Luckovich , depicted Deal and Reed responding to the snowfall by making snow angels . In fact , as the snow picked up midday Tuesday , those two officials were together at a ceremony honoring the Atlanta mayor . "  I think they failed , " retired Lt. Gen. Russel Honore , who led the recovery efforts after Hurricane Katrina on the Gulf Coast , said of the official response . " ... Admit it , fix it and be ready for next week . " The anger was pervasive , among locals such as Diefenbach and travelers such as Greg Shrader , a truck driver from Maine who gave up after sitting in traffic for 27 hours for what should have been a three and a half hour trip . "  I have never been failed by officials like I have here . Still no equipment , no well-being check . No plan , " Shrader told CNN on Wednesday . "  I guess they 're waiting for it to melt . " R. David Paulson , a former director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency , understands the challenges that officials face as they weigh how to react -- and risk overreacting -- when bad weather approaches . Taking steps such as opening up shelters , evacuating people and urging businesses to shutter is costly , but so are the consequences of not acting . "  That costs a lot of money , " said Paulson , now a consultant . "  But how much is a life worth ? " Deaths and new life Those who wo n't be forking over money include motorists who abandoned their cars in Georgia cities such as Atlanta and Roswell , where authorities have vowed that vehicles will be towed free of charge . The towing of the remaining abandoned cars was expected to begin around 9 p.m. Thursday . Some people in the area have been able to rescue their vehicles sooner . Many of them showed up still sleep-deprived and seething at two locations Thursday to get chauffeured to their vehicles by members of the National Guard in four-wheel-drive vehicles . Deal has extended the state of emergency through Sunday night "  to assure that all necessary resources are available for state agencies and local governments to clear roads and all other winter storm-related obstacles . " Yet it 's not just Georgia that 's dealing with the storm 's aftermath . Parts of Alabama were still digging out on Thursday , with the Shelby County Sheriff 's Office declaring in the morning that many roads there were "  still impassible  and  closed to regular traffic . " "  Civilian vehicles can not safely travel due to icing and impede the travel of emergency vehicles responding to calls , " the office said on Facebook , before reporting hints of progress later in the day . Highway patrolmen in North Carolina and Mississippi both responded to some 600 calls apiece from motorists who 'd either crashed or abandoned their cars after the weather hit . Throughout the Southeast , the icy weather was blamed for 10 deaths -- five of them in Alabama and the others in North Carolina and Mississippi . But there were also plenty of signs of hope and life amid the madness and mess . Take the story of Amy Anderson , who was stuck in her car with her husband when she went into labor . As a police officer looked on , Anderson gave birth to a daughter , whom she and her husband , Nick , named Grace . "  When we gave her the name Grace , it just fully explained the whole situation , " the new mother told CNN 's Piers Morgan on Wednesday . "  Just by the grace of God that we all came out healthy . " There were also lifesavers , like the manager of a Kroger supermarket in Roswell who opened the store 's doors and fed about 80 people , according to CNN affiliate WSB . "  I do n't consider myself a hero , " the manager Bren Sexton said , deflecting praise from those who called him just that . "  It was just second nature . It 's what we would do for anybody who needs help / " Then there 's Dr. Zenko Hrynkiw , a Birmingham , Alabama , neurosurgeon . As falling snow brought things to a standstill on Tuesday , Hrynkiw trekked over 6 miles in scrubs , a jacket and slip-on shoes from one hospital to another for an emergency brain surgery . The patient had only a 10 % of living given the size and nature of his brain hemorrhage , according to Hrynkiw . But he did make it , said the surgeon : "  We  battled a demon there for a while and it all worked out OK . " Hrynkiw said he 's been at work for days , though he has n't been alone as other medical personnel have also stuck it out . "  Everyone is doing the same thing , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Thursday . "  Everyone is pitching in , the nurses are staying overnight . You 've got to do what you 've got to do . "	"  I do n't see how we are going to get rid of the ice , " emergency official admitted Georgia 's governor apologizes , says that changes are needed to prevent a repeat He extends state of emergency through Sunday night to free up needed resources "  It 's just a lot of frustration , " an Atlanta resident says of the storm response
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- India 's lower house of parliament elected a woman as its speaker Wednesday , a first in the male-dominated chamber 's history . Meira Kumar was nominated by the ruling Congress party . Meira Kumar is also a member of the "  untouchable " Dalit class , the lowest rung in the centuries-old caste system in the country . The speaker conducts the proceedings of the house . She will preside over 543 elected members , of which 58 are women . Kumar , 64 , was elected to the position unopposed . She was nominated by the ruling Congress party but also had the backing of the alliance led by the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party . Women play a prominent role in the politics of India , the world 's largest democracy . The South Asian country of 1.1 billion people has a female president , Pratibha Devisingh Patil . And four of the country 's political parties , including the Congress Party , are led by women . Hindus believe there are five main groups of people . The last group is the Dalits . They 're considered impure and are often forced to work in menial jobs . They drink from separate wells and use different entry ways to come and go from buildings . Dalits number about 250 million in India , about 25 percent of the population , according to the Colorado , U.S.-based Dalit Freedom Network . India 's constitution outlaws caste-based discrimination , and barriers have broken down in large cities . Prejudice , however , persists in some rural areas of the country . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Meira Kumar a member of the Dalit class -- lowest rung in centuries-old caste system She will preside over 543 elected members , of which 58 are women Kumar , 64 , was elected to the position unopposed
CNN  -- Pop star Justin Timberlake and actress Jessica Biel have called it quits after dating for years . "  Addressing the media speculation regarding Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake 's relationship , we are confirming that they mutually have decided to part ways , " their representatives said in a joint statement Thursday night . "  The two remain friends and continue to hold the highest level of love and respect for each other . " Timberlake 's film credits include "  The Social Network . " The actress has appeared in various films , including "  The A-Team " and "  I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry . " She also played the oldest daughter in the television family drama "  7th Heaven . "	Timberlake 's film credits include "  The Social Network " The actress has appeared in various films , including "  The A-Team "
Wired.com  -- Acclaimed Public Radio International program "  This American Life " has retracted an entire episode about working conditions inside Foxconn , the Chinese manufacturer that builds much of Apple 's most popular hardware , after learning the reporter "  partially fabricated " information about his visit to the factories . In the episode , PRI aired a monologue from reporter Mike Daisey , a self-proclaimed performer whose one-man show , "  The Agony and Ecstasy of Steve Jobs , " detailed alarming labor practices which he claimed to witness during his time visiting Foxconn . Among the many facts Daisey fabricated , according to PRI , were the number of Foxconn factories he visited , the number of workers he spoke with , as well a major lie about meeting with a number of workers who claimed to have been poisoned by chemicals used on iPhone assembly lines . "  Daisey lied to me and to "  This American Life " producer Brian Reed during the fact checking we did on the story , before it was broadcast , " the show 's host , Ira Glass , wrote in a blog post on Friday . "  That does n't excuse the fact that we never should 've put this on the air . In the end , this was our mistake . " The retraction came even as consumers lined up Friday to buy Apple 's latest iPad amid protests over its treatment of workers -- protests that did little to dampen sales . Public debate rages on about working conditions inside of Foxconn 's Chinese factories , which have for years been the subject of reports that employees endure long hours and unsafe working environment . Wired dug into the subject more than a year ago in a cover story after 17 Foxconn employees committed suicide . More recently , The New York Times reported a series of investigative pieces further detailing the undesirable jobs of Foxconn employees . In an unprecedented response from the normally stoic Apple , the company responded to the reports publicly by cooperating with the Fair Labor Organization for audits of its entire supply chain . An entire page dedicated to Apple supplier responsibility can now be found on Apple 's website . Daisey issued a statement about the incident on his personal blog : "  I stand by my work . My show is a theatrical piece whose goal is to create a human connection between our gorgeous devices and the brutal circumstances from which they emerge . It uses a combination of fact , memoir , and dramatic license to tell its story , and I believe it does so with integrity . "  Certainly , the comprehensive investigations undertaken by The New York Times and a number of labor rights groups to document conditions in electronics manufacturing would seem to bear this out . " "  What I do is not journalism . The tools of the theater are not the same as the tools of journalism . For this reason , I regret that I allowed THIS AMERICAN LIFE to air an excerpt from my monologue . THIS AMERICAN LIFE is essentially a journalistic -- not a theatrical -- enterprise , and as such it operates under a different set of rules and expectations . " "  But this is my only regret . I am proud that my work seems to have sparked a growing storm of attention and concern over the often appalling conditions under which many of the high-tech products we love so much are assembled in China . " PRI 's "  This American Life " website was bombarded with traffic upon news of the retraction , buckling the site under the torrent of traffic . Apple , Public Radio International and Daisey did not immediately respond to requests for comment . Wired confirmed that none of Daisey 's U.S. performances of The Agony and Ecstasy of Steve Jobs were canceled after news of the retraction , save for one special broadcast : the April 7 show slated for performance at the Chicago Theater , which was originally sponsored by This American Life and Chicago public radio station WBEZ 91.5 FM . Roberto Baldwin and Tim Carmody contributed to this report . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Public radio retracted an episode after learning Mike Daisey "  partially fabricated " information "  This American Life " producer Brian Reed says , "  In the end , this was our mistake " Daisey issued a statement about the incident on his personal blog
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's new coalition government has embarked on a budget-deficit cutting strategy that is bold , brave and potentially very risky , says analyst Fareed Zakaria . It could turn out to be a model for the United States to follow -- or a prime example of what not to do in the wake of a severe recession . After forming a government in the wake of the May election , the ruling coalition of Conservatives and Liberal Democrats announced plans last month to cut spending and raise taxes in an effort to reduce the budget deficit . Zakaria , the author and host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " spoke to CNN on Wednesday from London . Here is an edited transcript : CNN : The new coalition government in Britain has announced major steps to cut the budget deficit . What has the impact been ? Fareed Zakaria : In general , I 'd say the government is benefiting from having announced these cuts . There 's a sense that they 're being bold , they 're being brave , they 're taking on a big challenge . It particularly helps them that you have this coalition government , so the fact that the Liberal Democrats , who are really quite a left-wing party , are supporting the budget has given Conservatives more cover . ... It 's important to remember that it 's not just budget cuts , it 's also tax raises . You have to give them credit for being serious about this . It is not pure ideology as with the right in the United States . They understand that if you 're going to do something serious about the budget deficit , you 've got to do both spending cuts and tax increases . There 's simply no way for the math to work without doing that . Now , on the political side though , these changes have not come into effect yet . So there are two big questions , what happens economically when these budget cuts start going into effect and what happens politically -- how popular does the government remain at that point ? But the biggest question is what happens economically . CNN : Is it too soon to take these steps as the world is coming out of a big recession , and government spending is seen as a way to speed the recovery from a recession ? Zakaria : The crucial question here is about timing , and very few people would disagree that Britain had to get its public finances in order . There 's a universal sense that the last Labour government spent too much money and borrowed too much money . But in the midst of a very weak economic recovery , does it make sense to slash spending , raise taxes , all of which will have the effect of putting some people out of work and reducing people 's spending power . Here 's the debate -- one side says that will reassure markets , that will bring interest rates on things like mortgages even lower , and that will give businesses confidence to invest , and the other side says once you inflict that much pain on the economy , people are going to spend less as people lose jobs or are taxed more heavily , which will cause an even more severe downturn . CNN : What does this mean for the rest of the world ? Zakaria : Britain is the guinea pig here . We 're all going to watch the outcome very closely because President Obama has taken a position in this debate . He told the G-20 countries , which includes Britain of course , that it is too soon to start withdrawing the stimulus measures . Britain is going further than withdrawing the stimulus measures , it 's actually cutting spending . The big debate is over what will restore business confidence and what will make businesses start spending again . Because everyone agrees that government spending is only a bridge to business spending . At some point business has to start spending again . I 'm pretty persuaded that the timing on this is bad . I think it would have made more sense to wait at least six months , if not nine to 12 months before beginning these measures . CNN : If you 're going to have to do it eventually , why wait ? Zakaria : It 's really quite brave of the Conservatives to take on the fiscal problem but there is definitely a danger that they are doing it too soon and will put the economy into a lower growth mode . This is something that you have to remember for the United States as well . If you have lower growth , you also have a worse deficit because the biggest contributor to deficits is a decline in tax revenue . So the slower the economy grows , the fewer people who are employed , the lower the taxes going to the government treasury , the bigger and bigger the deficit becomes . So , in a strange sense , even to help the deficit in the short term , you need a little bit of government spending to get the economy going , to get people spending , to get them paying taxes . CNN : Does David Cameron 's victory in the U.K. election tell us something about the future of conservatives in America ? Zakaria : Outside Britain , people are struck by David Cameron , the fact that he 's become prime minister , that he 's fairly popular and he seems to be taking big , bold measures . But here people are still struck by how limited was the Tory victory , if you could call it a victory . After 13 years of Labour rule , when it would be only natural for the Conservatives to be given power for just cyclical reasons , after a very unpopular Labour prime minister and the worst economic crisis since the great depression , the conservatives still were not able to muster a majority and had to go into a coalition with the Liberal Democrats . CNN : Why could n't the Conservatives put together a majority in the election ? Zakaria : What thoughtful observers say was that the Conservatives still made no inroads in Scotland , did not make many inroads with working women -- which is a growing part of the population -- and they did not make many inroads with nonwhite minorities , people from India , and Pakistan and the Caribbean . As somebody put it to me , the Conservative brand is still a tarnished brand . To me , that was a very interesting lesson for the right in America . You can have the small government argument David Cameron was making . It did have a lot of appeal -- but to England , not Scotland and not to the nonwhites in England either . It made me wonder about the Republican Party in the United States , which of course has broader appeal , but still faces some of these same challenges . The midterm election looks like it 's going to go very well for the Republicans because there is a lot of anti-incumbency sentiment and some anger at the Democratic Party . But to seal the deal , Republicans need to close the gap with nonwhites and working women , and there , the Republican Party , like the Conservatives , still faces some challenges . CNN : What other lessons are there for conservatives in the United States ? Zakaria : The Republicans should really watch the British Conservatives . What David Cameron is trying to do is to modernize the Conservative Party . The Conservative Party was seen in Britain as too right wing , too extreme and too intolerant in many ways and what he 's been trying to do is to broaden its appeal . David Cameron is more green , more environmentally active , than Gordon Brown . He 's come out very strongly in favor of gay rights , he 's come out in favor of the National Health Service . All of this is a signal that he 's not a Conservative who 's going to completely destroy England 's welfare state . In a sense , working with the Liberal Democrats has been a godsend for David Cameron . The fact that he 's in coalition with them means that when the far right of his party asks him to do something , he can say , I 'm sorry guys , I just ca n't do it because we 're in coalition with the Liberal Democrats , and to keep the coalition together I have to moderate my stance . Now there 's an interesting debate in Britain about whether he 's modernizing the Conservative Party because he is himself a great moderate or because he just wants to win and he knows the center is where the electability is . In a sense it does n't matter for Republicans watching it . You still need to be attractive to the center , to the younger generation , to working women and to ethnic minorities . Of course it will all depend on how this economic experiment goes . If these cuts put Britain in a double-dip , you 'll see great strains on the coalition itself , and the Liberal Democrats will find it difficult to stay in this coalition . Then this whole thing spins out of control .	Britain 's aggressive plan to cut its deficit is a bold but risky move , says Fareed Zakaria The coalition government has announced plans but they have n't gone into effect , he says Zakaria : Question is will it restore business confidence or cause recession He says GOP should take note of how Cameron is modernizing the Conservative Party
New York  CNN  -- Walter Cronkite was not the best educated or the best dressed or even the best looking of the generation of World War II correspondents who dominated the early days of television news . His wife once told Parade magazine that he looked , in a way , like your family dentist , which was not all that surprising since his father and his grandfather were dentists . Yet Cronkite was picked in 1962 to anchor the "  CBS Evening News , " and for two of the most tumultuous decades in American history , he was the authoritative voice of news in America , the man who told viewers that President John F. Kennedy had been assassinated , that men had walked on the moon and that the Vietnam War could n't be won . Douglas Brinkley , the historian whose new book "  Cronkite " tells the newsman 's life story , said in an interview with CNN last week that the Missouri-born reporter got picked for the CBS anchor job "  because of his work ethic -LSB- and -RSB- steady-Eddie appearance -- there was nothing dapper or elite about him . He spoke with a heartland cadence , and his timing was impeccable because he got most famous by doing John Glenn 's three suborbits of the Earth -- that was early 1962 and by April of ' 62 , he was a household name . " Cronkite got off to a somewhat rocky start on the "  CBS Evening News With Walter Cronkite " when he closed the first broadcast , then only 15 minutes long , saying : "  That 's the news . Be sure to check your local newspapers tomorrow to get all of the details on the headlines we 're delivering to you . " Brinkley writes that CBS executives were angry that their anchorman was sending viewers to competitors for in-depth news . The next year , CBS was the first network to expand its nightly news to half an hour , a change that Brinkley says enabled Cronkite to get beyond the top headlines and start to set an agenda for news coverage of complex issues . In an era when television news was the province of the Big Three broadcast networks and cable news had n't been invented yet , the anchor chair at CBS was an especially influential platform . 1968 provided a remarkable sign of that . "  1968 is one of the most talked about years in U.S. history because of all the upheaval , and Cronkite plays a central role in that year , right out of the gate , " Brinkley said . "  He goes to Vietnam in January , early February of ' 68 . By February 27 , he calls the war a stalemate . He then goes and urges Robert Kennedy to run for president , then -LSB- President Lyndon -RSB- Johnson says he wo n't seek re-election . Then you have the assassinations of Martin Luther King -LSB- Jr. -RSB- and Bobby Kennedy , which Cronkite covers . And then you 've got the conventions , and famously in Chicago , where Cronkite 's calling Mayor Daley 's police ` thugs ' and then -LSB- Richard -RSB- Nixon winning in that strange three-way election with Hubert Humphrey and George Wallace . "  And then at the end of the year , " Brinkley added , the world saw "  the first real great color photographs of planet Earth from space , and astronauts -LSB- were -RSB- named men of the year by Time magazine when Cronkite was the leading voice of space . Walter Cronkite was all over everything in that seminal year , 1968 . From that point on , his persona just kept growing and growing . " Brinkley dedicates his book in part to the late David Halberstam , the Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and author who he says suggested the idea of writing Cronkite 's biography . His research was aided by the opening of the Cronkite papers at the Dolph Briscoe Center for American History at the University of Texas in Austin and interviews with members of the Cronkite generation of journalists , including the late Andy Rooney and Ed Bradley . "  Since the passing of Walter Cronkite in 2009 , he 's become a part of history , he 's no longer an anchorman or a celebrity but somebody that we can reflect on and understand for his journalistic accomplishment , " Brinkley said . In Brinkley 's account , Cronkite did n't equal the investigative zeal of the pioneering radio and television journalist Edward R. Murrow , with whom his relationship was at times strained . Yet if Cronkite did n't reach the emotional peaks of some of Murrow 's reports , he still connected with the television viewer in a direct way . "  Everybody liked Walter Cronkite , " Brinkley said . "  He had a voice that everybody recognized . It 's like hearing Bob Dylan sing a song . ... In five seconds everybody in America knows who 's talking . That 's important for a broadcaster . " "  And then Cronkite slowed down his cadence , did n't rush his points . He also knew when to make the pregnant pause , when to be silent in special events . There was great anticipation : What will Walter Cronkite say when Neil Armstrong steps on the moon ? And Cronkite simply says , ` By golly , I 'm speechless , ' and that was better than having a contrived line . " In 1968 , after the Tet Offensive , Cronkite set the agenda for coverage of the Vietnam War . "  Cronkite got up from his anchor desk , and flew to Vietnam , and put on a helmet and flak jacket , and interviewed anybody and everybody he could , " Brinkley said . "  I was able to read his notebooks , his reporter 's notebooks , asking himself questions and talking to people , collecting facts . He came home with the very strong conclusion that war was unwinnable and that at best it would be a stalemate . And there were people on the left saying that and even great New York Times reporters saying it , but to be Walter Cronkite and be telling people that the war was at best a stalemate , it had a transformative effect on the country . People asked that old question , ` What , am I sending my son to die in a stalemate ? ' " He played a similar role in helping power the environmental movement . Brinkley said that Cronkite "  was instrumental in the creation of the Environmental Protection Agency because he created a segment -LSB- which aired -RSB- night after night called ` Can we save the planet ? ' which would show rivers on fire and industrial pollution and clear cutting , in color on TV . "  Cronkite sent television crews to cover the first Earth Day , and treated it as a giant event , television-worthy of an Apollo mission . So when Cronkite started really banging the drum on the environment it had an impact . " As described in "  Cronkite , " the anchorman comes across as a more complicated figure than many of his viewers could have seen . It was only after his retirement from the CBS anchor chair in 1981 that he gave full rein to his strongly liberal views : Brinkley refers to a 1988 speech that "  planted him firmly in liberal-left soil . The charade of being Mr. Center was over . " His journalistic ethics were n't always stellar -- in the early 1970s , Brinkley writes , "  Cronkite cut a deal with Pan Am airlines to fly the entire family to a series of international vacation spots . " His bosses objected , but as one network staffer noted , "  Walter was the eight-hundred-pound gorilla in the CBS room . You could n't fire him . " The reason was his popularity with viewers . Brinkley noted that it 's especially difficult to come across as relaxed and comfortable , as if you 're in your living room , when you 're really in a cavernous television studio , with equipment and wires everywhere . "  Cronkite was able to seem comfortable and real , " Brinkley said . The author attributes Cronkite 's success to spending much of the early days of television , in the 1950s , in a wide variety of roles on programs , including game shows . "  So when he caught his groove , it was as natural to him as breathing , being on the air . And he seldom said a wrong thing . He had very few retractions . And he never tried to break news first , he tried to break it right . " As an old wire service reporter , Cronkite wanted to get a story from United Press International or the Associated Press before he would report breaking news on the air . "  In that way , he was sort of playing like the tortoise for a long career . Because you could go up in flames . One really bad report , one presentation of bogus information , could destroy an on-air personality 's career . "	Douglas Brinkley 's new book is a full biography of Walter Cronkite In era dominated by Big Three networks , Cronkite was the leading anchorman Americans experienced tumultuous developments of 1960s , '70s through Cronkite Brinkley : Cronkite had a gift for being comfortable on air and at the center of events
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Protesters threw bricks and bottles Friday at police outside a mosque in London after about 1,000 people showed up to counter a planned a right-wing demonstration there , police said . Police arrest a protestor in Harrow , London , after fighting broke out at a planned right-wing demonstration . One person was arrested "  to prevent a breach of the peace , " police said in a statement . The right-wing demonstration 's organizer , Stop Islamisation of Europe  SIOE  , said on its Web site one of the demonstration 's planners had been arrested . Seven other people were arrested during the melee for possession of "  offensive weapons " -- including bottles of bleach , a hammer and a chisel , police said . Police said incidents at the scene began when the crowd -- believed to be either members of an anti-fascism group or there to provide support to the Harrow Central Mosque -- went after three youths , "  caught up with them , and assaulted them , " police said . "  Police had to intervene to prevent the crowd from continuing with their attack . " It was not immediately known if the youths were affiliated with any political group . Police said they had identified and stopped a number of people believed to be heading to the right-wing protest prior to the demonstration 's start time , preventing them from reaching the area . It was not immediately known how many , if any , of the group 's supporters had successfully arrived outside the mosque . "  One person was arrested to prevent a breach of the peace as police believed if the SIOE demonstration started it would have resulted in serious disorder , " police said . The group said on its Web site that the demonstration had been called off and that Stephen Gash , listed as one of the group 's contacts , had been arrested "  to prevent a breach of the peace . " "  If you are on your way to the demo , do n't go , it 's being called off right now , " the post read . "  The police ca n't handle the muslim counter demonstrators -LSB- sic -RSB- . " The group describes itself on its Web site as an alliance of people "  with the single aim of preventing Islam becoming a dominant political force in Europe . " CNN 's Phil Black contributed to this report .	Seven people arrested for having weapons like bleach , a hammer , chisel Organizer of planned protest was arrested "  to prevent a breach of the peace " 1,000 people showed up to counter a planned a right-wing demonstration Web site says group does n't want Islam to be "  dominant political force in Europe "
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama gently sparred with Jon Stewart on "  The Daily Show " in the final run-up to next week 's midterm elections , after the comedian called his legislative progress "  timid . " Playing off the title of Obama 's book "  The Audacity of Hope , " Stewart challenged the forcefulness of the president 's political agenda during his first two years in office . "  Is the difficulty that you have here the distance between what you ran on and what you delivered ? " Stewart said . "  You ran with such , if I may , audacity ... yet legislatively it has felt timid at times . " "  Jon , I love your show , but this is something where I have a profound disagreement with you ... " Obama said , leaning forward and intently tapping his finger on the desk , "  this notion that health care was timid . " "  This is what most people would say is as significant a piece of legislation as we have seen in this country 's history , " the president continued , saying the Affordable Care Act will provide health coverage for 30 million people , introduces a Patient 's Bill of Rights and will cut the deficit by over a trillion dollars . "  What happens is , it gets discounted because the presumption is we did n't get 100 percent of what we wanted , we only get 90 percent of what we wanted -- so let 's focus on the 10 percent we did n't get as opposed to the 90 percent we did , " Obama said . The 30-minute program taped at Washington 's Harman Center for the Arts took place before a packed house , with some waiting in line for up to four hours to attend . "  The Daily Show " is in Washington all week ahead of Stewart 's planned "  Rally to Restore Sanity " on the National Mall on Saturday . "  You ran on the idea that this system needed basic reform ... feels like some reform was done in a political manner that has papered over a system that is corrupt , " Stewart said , again challenging the pace and extent of change initiated by the Obama administration . "  Over the last two years , in emergency situations , our basic attitude was we have to get things done , in some cases quicker , " the president said , acknowledging the global economic crisis that was swirling at the time he took office . " -LSB- Democratic leaders -RSB- worked within the process instead of transforming the process . " During a lighter moment , Stewart presented Obama with Mug Force One -- a presidential coffee cup . The men traded quips over "  The Daily Show " stage , which resembled a Grecian temple . "  This is a nice set , " Obama said . "  It reminds me of the convention . " "  We actually bought it , it was in a warehouse , " Stewart retorted . The president 's theme of change from the 2008 race resurfaced during the show , along with a popular campaign slogan . "  When we promised during campaign ` change you can believe in , ' it was n't ` change you can believe in ' in 18 months , " Obama said to applause from the audience . "  We 're going to have to work for it . " Noting the tough election climate , the president said he hopes Democratic members of Congress are rewarded on election day for the tough votes they took on health care and financial regulatory reform . Near the end of the interview , Obama invoked his famous campaign phrase , "  Yes we can , but it 's not going to happen overnight , " prompting a laugh from Stewart . CNN 's Ed Payne and Padma Rama contributed to this report .	President Obama appears on the show Jon Stewart questions Obama on his successes compared to his campaign rhetoric "  The Daily Show " is taping in Washington this week
Washington  CNN  -- A top Republican leader agreed Thursday with President Barack Obama and Democrats that extending the payroll tax cut would help the economy , but the parties remained divided over how to pay for the move . Later Thursday , the Senate blocked competing Democratic and Republican proposals from moving forward , setting up negotiations on a possible compromise . The Democratic plan to extend and expand the payroll tax cut set to expire at the end of the year would assess a 3.25 % tax on income over $ 1 million to pay the cost of more than $ 200 billion for the extension . Taxpayers with an income of $ 50,000 would benefit by $ 1,500 a year . Senate Republicans prevented Democrats from getting the 60 votes needed to proceed on the measure , which was blocked on a 51-49 vote . President Barack Obama quickly blamed Republicans , saying in a statement that they "  chose to raise taxes on nearly 160 million hardworking Americans because they refused to ask a few hundred thousand millionaires and billionaires to pay their fair share . " "  It makes absolutely no sense to raise taxes on the middle class at a time when so many are still trying to get back on their feet , " Obama said , adding he would "  continue to urge Congress to stop playing politics with the security of millions of American families and small business owners and get this done . " A Republican alternative that would freeze discretionary government spending and cut federal jobs , while also raising Medicare costs for Americans with incomes above $ 750,000 a year , also got blocked by opposition from both parties on a 20-78 vote . Despite the outcome of the votes , a softening of Republican opposition to extending the lower payroll tax rate raised expectations for eventual congressional passage of a compromise plan . House Republican leaders are working on their own proposal to extend unemployment benefits and the payroll tax cut , but several GOP aides told CNN it was unclear if these extensions would be rolled into one bill or end up as separate legislative proposals . GOP leaders planned a closed-door meeting Friday morning to discuss options with rank-and-file members on how to pay for the extensions . House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , signaled his support for an eventual deal Thursday by telling reporters : "  I do n't think there 's any question that the payroll tax relief , in fact , helps the economy . " His stance represented a sharp shift from previous opposition by Senate Republicans to extending the payroll tax cut . On Sunday , conservative Sen. Jon Kyl , R-Arizona , said Republicans opposed extending the lower payroll tax rate because it did n't provide much help to the economy . "  The payroll tax holiday has not stimulated job creation , " Kyl said on "  Fox News Sunday . " "  We do n't think that is a good way to do it . " The GOP opposition wavered Wednesday when Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky said his party would support an extension of the payroll tax cut , but opposed a tax increase to pay for it . "  Republicans will put aside their misgivings and support this extension , not because we believe , as the president does , that another short-term stimulus will turn this economy around ... but because we know it will give some relief to struggling workers out there who continue to need it nearly three years into this presidency , " McConnell said on the Senate floor . A tax on wealthy Americans to pay for the plan would punish "  the private sector businesses that the American people are counting on to help turn this economy around , " McConnell said . The White House and Democrats have pushed back hard against the Republican argument . Alan Krueger , the new chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers , told reporters this week that the proposed surtax on incomes above $ 1 million "  would hit very few small businesses . " "  The vast majority -- one figure I saw was 99 % of individuals with small business income -- would not be affected by this , " Krueger said . White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said Thursday that the question is whether "  it is worth giving 160 million Americans , taxpayers , a tax break of $ 1,500 by asking 300,000 Americans to pay a little more . " Both Carney and Democratic Sen. Charles Schumer of New York noted that the issue is turning in their favor , with Republican opposition to the Democratic plan softening . "  This would 've been unheard of even six months ago , " Schumer said of a possible break from the Republican anti-tax orthodoxy . "  But we 're changing the debate and the public is with us . " However , two Democratic senators -- Joe Manchin of West Virginia and Jon Tester of Montana -- and independent Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont , who caucuses with the Democrats , opposed the party 's proposal . The measure would have failed even if all three supported it , due to the near-unanimous Republican opposition . Only moderate Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine sided with Democrats in backing the proposal . Boehner 's comments showed that both parties now publicly acknowledge the benefits of the payroll tax cut . According to the non-partisan Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , 121 million families have benefited from the payroll tax break , with an increase in take-home pay of $ 934 for the average worker . Moody 's Analytics estimated in August that letting the tax cut expire would reduce growth by as much as 0.5 % . It called extending the cut one of the "  most straightforward " ways to "  reduce some of the coming fiscal restraint . " Obama challenged Republicans on Wednesday to "  fight as hard for middle-class families as you do for those who are more fortunate , " a dig at the GOP refusal to consider the longstanding Democratic push for higher taxes on the wealthiest Americans . Speaking at a high school in Scranton , Pennsylvania , Obama evoked a loud cheer when he said the Democratic proposal to extend and expand the reduced payroll tax rate "  is paid for by asking our wealthiest citizens to pay their fair share . " The Democratic bill blocked in the Senate would extend and expand last year 's tax break . Payroll taxes , cut to 4.2 % from 6.2 % last year , would be lowered to 3.1 % to provide middle-class families with up to $ 1,500 more in their paychecks next year . The measure also would partially extend the break to employers , hoping that might spur hiring . The price tag of the bill is about $ 265 billion , which would be paid for by the 3.25 % surtax on annual income above $ 1 million , according to Democratic aides . Meanwhile , the Senate Republican plan that also was blocked would continue the 4.2 % payroll tax rate for a year and pay for it by imposing a three-year freeze on federal salaries and reducing the federal work force by 10 % through replacing workers when they quit or retire . In addition , the plan would require Americans earning $ 750,000 a year or more to pay higher premiums for Medicare , and prevent millionaires from getting food stamps or unemployment compensation . According to a Republican aide , the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found that the Medicare , food stamp and unemployment provisions would save $ 9 billion over 10 years , mostly from Medicare . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Kate Bolduan and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : The Senate blocks Democratic , Republican plans on a payroll tax cut extension NEW : President Obama says Republicans voted for higher taxes on the middle class House Speaker Boehner concedes the payroll tax cut helps the economy Republicans differ with Democrats on how to pay for a one-year extension
CNN  -- Embattled Mayor Rob Ford vowed "  outright war " after Toronto 's City Council voted to strip him of most of his powers Monday in a tumultuous meeting during which a charging Ford knocked down one of its members . Nearly two weeks after Ford admitted to smoking crack cocaine in a "  drunken stupor " -- an admission forced by a drug probe that resulted in extortion charges against a friend -- the mayor said he was done apologizing . He called Monday 's vote "  a coup d'etat " and compared it to Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait in 1990 , warning council members , "  What goes around , comes around , friends . " "  If you think American-style politics is nasty , you guys have just attacked Kuwait , " he said to groans and laughter in the council chambers . "  And you will never see something -- mark my words , my friends , this is going to be outright war in the next election , and I am going to do everything in my power to beat you guys . " Undeterred , the council voted 36-5 to slash the budget of the mayor 's office and transfer most of his duties to the deputy mayor . City Councilor Karen Stintz said Ford "  does n't understand the issues he 's facing , " and Monday 's votes reduce him to "  a figurehead . " "  We are a great city , and the reality is Mayor Ford does not represent the face of the city , " Stintz said . "  We are taking the steps we 're taking to give the deputy mayor the powers and the responsibility and the staff to exercise the functions that the mayor no longer can . " The council already has called on Ford to take a leave of absence and voted to strip him of his emergency powers last week . In Monday 's session , Ford and his brother , City Councilor Doug Ford , sparred with hecklers in the council gallery who chanted "  Shame , shame , shame , " during a recess . During that break , Rob Ford stomped over to his brother , knocking down Councilor Pam McConnell in the process -- an apparently accidental act for which the mayor had to issue another apology . McConnell suffered a fat lip , her colleague , Councilor Paula Fletcher , told Ford . Fletcher demanded an apology from the mayor , who said the collision happened when he "  rushed to my brother 's defense . " "  I apologize to anybody that I accidentally hit when my brother was in an altercation over there , " Rob Ford said . "  I 'm asking you to apologize to Councilor McConnell , " Fletcher replied . "  Absolutely , " Ford replied . "  It was a complete accident , and I do sincerely apologize to you , Councilor McConnell . " Apologies have become a matter of routine for Ford since his November 5 admission that he once used crack . He 's now battling other allegations of excessive drinking and abusing staffers that have emerged during the drug probe , which has not resulted in charges against the mayor so far . Ford has admitted to drinking too much and has pledged to restrain his consumption of alcohol . But he 's denied other accounts of public intoxication and the physical and verbal abuse of staffers . Thursday , he answered a female aide 's allegation that he sought to perform oral sex with graphic language of his own , stunning the reporters who surrounded him and prompting another apologetic news conference . Ford says he did n't lie about crack use And he has refused to step down , insisting he would let voters of Canada 's largest city decide on whether to keep him next year . He still appears to have intense support in his home turf in the blue-collar northwestern precincts of Toronto , where supporters cheered him on over the weekend . Monday 's vote came hours before the debut of "  Ford Nation , " a show he and his brother now host on Canada 's Sun TV news network . On the show , Ford said he had n't had a drink in three weeks and was working on losing as much as 40 pounds . "  If council wants to strip all my powers , do whatever they want to do , " he said . "  I disagree with it , but you know what ? They have their rights . I think it 's wrong . I think it 's illegal . But people are going to have their say on October 27 . " "  I 'm feeling great , 'cause again , I know what I 'm doing is right for the taxpayers , " he added . In an attempt to head off Monday 's vote , Doug Ford introduced a separate measure calling for early elections instead . It was ruled out of order . "  There are 383,000 people who voted for the mayor , and a lot of those people voted for each one for you , too , " he said . "  They would n't want the mayor to take that right off each one of you , and it 's the same for the mayor . " But Councilor Raymond Cho said Rob Ford -- who has touted his expansion of Toronto 's subway system and vowed to derail what he calls the "  gravy train " of city government -- was running both a "  gravy train " and a "  crazy train . " Opinion : Is that an addict standing next to you ? "  He needs help , and I said that many times , but he did n't accept it , " Cho said . "  This is the only route that I have to choose , and I leave up to the individual councilors their decision and I hope we made the right decision . " Deputy Mayor Norm Kelly , who inherits much of Ford 's authority now , said he had n't spoken to the mayor Monday evening -- "  and given the bellicosity of his concluding remarks , I think it is wise to wait for some time . " Ford is a man of contrasts "  We played football . We both coached football . And hopefully , using football as a metaphor , we can talk about strategies and tactics on a go-forward basis , " Kelly said . "  But the key right now I think is to let him settle down , seek advice from others -- at least others that he listens to . Because he has n't listened to us that well over the past few weeks . And then talk together , privately , and see where it goes from there . " But Kelly said that if Ford continues "  to get in the way of good government , " the city could ask Ontario 's provincial government to remove him completely . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Laura Dolan and Sarah Aarthun contributed to this report .	NEW : "  People are going to have their say on October 27 , " mayor says on "  Ford Nation " debut NEW : Deputy mayor says he 'll let Ford "  settle down " before talking Toronto mayor vows "  outright war " after council strips him of power Ford apologizes for knocking down council member , says he was defending brother
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- At least 31 people were dead after two days of torrential rains triggered flash floods in northwestern Turkey , sweeping cars into the sea and sending gushing water into homes and businesses , authorities said Wednesday . A Turkish woman awaits rescuers on her balcony following heavy morning rain in Istanbul . Twenty-six people were killed in Istanbul province and five in neighboring Tekirdag province , according to Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . Nine people were feared missing , he said . Among the fatalities in Istanbul were seven female textile workers who were trapped in their minivan , CNN sister network CNN Turk reported . Witnesses in the city of Istanbul said the flash floods hit at 7:30 a.m. Wednesday , washing through an industrial zone situated in a low-lying valley . Dozens of cargo trucks flipped or were ripped to pieces , the wreckage attracting crowds who watched the chaotic scene from nearby hilltops . See photos of the devastation " At a news conference in Istanbul 's Disaster Management Center , in front of walls of TVs showing live video feeds from Turkey 's largest city , Erdogan expressed condolences to families that lost loved ones during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . Watch more about the deadly flooding " He said emergency workers rescued an estimated 1,300 people from the flash floods and pledged billions of Turkish lira for disaster relief in Istanbul and Tekirdag provinces . He also chided developers who built commercial and residential structures in riverbeds that are vulnerable to flooding . "  Our ancestors had a saying : ` The river 's revenge will be heavy , ' " Erdogan said . "  We should remember what our ancestors said . " In the wake of this week 's disaster , the prime minister called for relocating all such settlements from riverbeds and moving them to safer ground . Several roads in Istanbul city remained closed , including the airport road , CNN Turk said . Rescue missions were in full swing , with military helicopters whirring overhead . Residents were advised not to wander from their homes . "  We never had such rain in all the time I have been here , " said Zafer Ercan , deputy mayor of the town of Silivri , an hour west of Istanbul city . View images from iReporters He said that more than 200 cars were washed into the Sea of Marmara and 800 homes and businesses were flooded in the neighboring town of Selimpasa . The rain stopped Tuesday evening but resumed early Wednesday . Heavy overnight rain flooded western neighborhoods in Istanbul city . The amount of rain that has fallen in two days roughly equals what normally falls in six months in the Turkish province , Istanbul Gov. Muammer Guler told the state-run Anatolia News Agency . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Yesim Comert in Istanbul , Turkey , contributed to this report .	At least 31 killed after torrential rains triggered flash floods in northwest Turkey 200 cars washed into Sea of Marmara ; 800 homes and businesses flooded Death toll expected to rise with reports of people being dragged by raging waters
CNN  -- The Build-A-Bear Workshop company is recalling nearly 300,000 Colorful Hearts Teddy Bears sold in the United States and Canada due to risks of choking , the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission has announced . The agency warned that while no injuries have been reported , the "  teddy bear 's eyes could loosen and fall out , posing a choking hazard to children , " according to a statement . "  Consumers should immediately take the recalled teddy bear from children and return it to any Build-A-Bear store to receive a coupon for any available stuffed animal from Build-A-Bear , " the statement said , advising buyers to contact the firm at 866-236-5683 with additional questions . The Chinese-made toy is a stuffed animal , roughly 16 inches tall with black plastic eyes , that is sold in the United States for $ 18 . The bears were sold at Build-A-Bear Workshops and through the firm 's website from April through December .	Build-A-Bear Workshop recalls 284,000 teddy bears in the U.S. and 13,200 in Canada The company recall is because of risks of choking on the bears ' eyes The Chinese-made stuffed-animal toy is roughly 16 inches high with black plastic eyes It is is sold in the United States for $ 18
CNN  -- More than 1,100 people worldwide have died from swine flu since it emerged in Mexico and the U.S. in April , according to the latest figures from the World Health Organization . A young girl wears a mask at a hospital in Hanoi . Vietnam reported its first death from swine flu this week . As of July 31 , the total number of victims killed by the H1N1 virus , also known as swine flu , stood at 1,154 -- an increase of 338 since WHO 's previous update on July 27 . The virus has spread around the world with unprecedented speed , spreading as widely in six weeks as common influenza viruses spread in the six months , according to WHO . WHO data showed the total number of laboratory confirmed cases at 162,380 , but the number could be higher since individual cases no longer have to be tested or reported . The total number of countries and territories reporting at least one case of infection now stands at 168 , with new cases reported in Azerbaijan , Gabon , Grenada , Kazakhstan , Moldova , Monaco , Nauru , Swaziland and Suriname . In the United States , federal health officials are worried about the upcoming flu season . They say nearly 160 million Americans may need to be vaccinated against the H1N1 virus , but it wo n't be as simple as a single shot . In a background briefing with reporters on Tuesday , two senior administration officials said the vaccine , which is still in clinical trials , would require two shots . The first shot would be followed by a second shot three weeks later . Immunity to the virus would finally kick in two weeks after that . That means someone who is vaccinated by the time the program is expected to launch in late October wo n't get protection until late fall . On Tuesday , British-based pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline announced it had signed contracts with nine governments to provide 96 million doses of a H1N1 vaccine and was in ongoing discussions with governments to provide further supplies . GlaxoSmithKline has already signed deals worth $ 250 million in total to provide 195 million doses and plans to donate 50 million doses to the World Health Organization . "  First supplies of the vaccine will be available to governments from September onwards , with shipments expected in the second half of 2009 and early 2010 , " GlaxoSmithKline said in a statement . "  The exact pace of delivery will be dependent on capacity and the yield of the influenza strain . " Details of the immunization program were revealed as part of the government 's overall plan to deal with what is expected to be a difficult flu season . The federal Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices last week issued sweeping guidelines for a vaccination campaign against the swine flu strain , identifying more than half the population as targets for the first round of vaccinations . The priority groups include pregnant women , health care and emergency services personnel , children , adolescents and young adults from six months to 24 years of age , household and caregiver contacts of children younger than six months and healthy adults with certain medical conditions . The symptoms of swine flu are similar to that of seasonal flu and include fever , cough , sore throat , aches and runny nose , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . A significant number of infected people have also reported diarrhea and vomiting .	WHO : Swine flu deaths up 338 in recent days to 1,154 in total worldwide WHO : Virus spreads in 6 weeks as far as most viruses spread in 6 months U.S. plans to vaccinate nearly 160M Americans ahead of winter "  flu season " GlaxoSmithKline has signed deals to provide 291 million doses of vaccine this year
Two weeks before he tested positive for Ebola in Liberia , American journalist Ashoka Mukpo talked about the bleak situation there . "  Man oh man , I have seen some bad things in the last two weeks of my life , " he posted on Facebook last month from the Liberian capital of Monrovia . "  How unpredictable and fraught with danger life can be . How in some parts of the world , basic levels of help and assistance that we take for granted completely do n't exist for many people . " The 33-year-old freelance cameraman for NBC News started feeling achy and tired Wednesday , and he quarantined himself . A day later , a test at a Doctors Without Borders facility in Monrovia confirmed that he had Ebola . Anxious parents Mukpo was among a team working with Dr. Nancy Snyderman , the agency 's chief medical correspondent . In an interview with NBC 's "  Today " show Friday , his mother said he 'll leave for the United States on Sunday . NBC News has said the entire team will return aboard a private charter plane . "  The enormous anxiety I have as a mother ... is the delay between now and him leaving on Sunday , " Diana Mukpo said . "  The State Department has been fantastic . They 've been compassionate . I can only hope and pray that his symptoms do n't worsen . " Mukpo 's father told the "  Today " show that although he is able to walk around and has only a mild fever , his son is worried . "  Obviously , he is scared ... he has been filming what 's happening in Liberia for two weeks and seeing the death and tragedy , " Dr. Mitchell Levy said . "  And now it 's really hit home for him . But his spirits are better today . " Your Ebola questions answered Sick a day after he was hired NBC News hired him Tuesday , and Snyderman said she 'd worked with him for only a few hours when he started feeling sick . "  My suspicion is that he was infected before we met him and then he became symptomatic once we met him , " Snyderman said Friday on the "  Today " show . "  The amount of virus in his body is low . We should have a very good prognosis . " Before working for NBC , he wrote for a series of other international media , including Al Jazeera and Vice News . His passion for Liberia comes through in his work , which makes references to visits to the nation dating years ago . "  He spent two years in Monrovia working with a nongovernmental organization , and really made a strong connection to the Liberian people , and ... wanted to go back and see if he could make a difference , " Levy said . Can you catch Ebola on a plane ? Team to be put in isolation The rest of the medical team does not have any symptoms , but when the team members return to the U.S. , they will be quarantined for 21 days -- the disease 's incubation period -- as a precaution . The cameraman is believed to be the fourth American stricken by the disease while in Liberia . Dr. Kent Brantly , Nancy Writebol and Dr. Rick Sacra all contracted the disease while working in the country . All three recovered after they were evacuated from Liberia and treated at hospitals in Atlanta and Omaha , Nebraska . Ebola has killed more than 3,000 people in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , and the United Nations says those numbers are vastly under-reported . Complete coverage on Ebola	"  Obviously , he is scared , " Ashoka Mukpo 's father says Mukpo , 33 , started feeling achy and tired Wednesday He was diagnosed with Ebola on Thursday in Liberia His mother says he 'll return to the United States on Sunday
CNN  -- The world is undergoing a mobility transformation . Since Apple launched the first iPhone in 2007 , more than 100 billion apps have been downloaded from app stores by consumers worldwide . Gartner , the market research firm , has predicted that by 2015 , tablet sales will be higher than those of PCs and laptops combined . There are now more connected mobile devices on earth than there are people . This transformation is happening much faster than the dot-com revolution of the late 1990s , and businesses are catching on . Companies are already developing 20 to 30 apps on average in the three categories of consumer , business-to-business and  B2B  and enterprise . These are already changing the way we live and work , wherever we are . Additionally , they are changing the way businesses interact with other businesses , investors , media , customers and even their own workforce worldwide . Despite this , Gartner estimates that 60 % of the Fortune 1000 companies will not have a mobile strategy in place by 2014 . In my view , having a mobile strategy is not enough for businesses to succeed globally in the years to come . What businesses need is a "  mobile first " strategy , placing mobile opportunities at the forefront of their international growth . Do n't forget consumer apps Personal media technology is already streamlining the way we deal with our daily tasks -- both in business and at home . American Express offers mobile applications that allow customers to manage their accounts on the move , improving the service as well as reducing call centre waiting times . Through similar technology , reading the Economist has never been more enjoyable  or widespread -- as the mobile and tablet apps have been downloaded six million times  . The average UK family now has ten internet connected devices . The fact is that if consumers ca n't access your brand on multiple platforms , they will switch to one where they can . Creating effective mobile software is not easy . It requires solid software development and user interface design , not to mention thorough testing . This is perhaps why , while some 60 % of organizations have consumer apps , their quality does not score high among consumers . It is not enough for the apps to be useful , people have to enjoy using them . User experience -- how an application feels -- is paramount . For ten years , Tigerspike has been working with customers who understand that user experience is about combining design and software skills with a deep knowledge of how back end systems operate . In the global market , good user interface must include the insightful localization , both in terms of language and content . These are the hallmarks of the most successful global consumer apps and when companies get them right , they build better relationships and channels of information for their customers in all countries . Enterprise apps for a global workforce In the global work market , bring your own device policies are on the rise -- allowing employees to bring personally owned mobile devices to their workplace . Companies are therefore increasingly required to create apps for their staff -- and these need to be just as good as the consumer ones . Gartner expects 80 % of businesses to support a workforce using tablets by 2014 . Company leaders want mobile technology to increase productivity . In order to achieve this , it must be realized that the best apps are not always the ones that seek to bring the entire business to the smartphone or tablet , but the ones that are created to do a few things very well . The Innovation Lab at Tigerspike has recently received a patent for its quantum encryption mobile technology Karacell . It is our firm belief that this technology will transform how organizations and individuals can keep our mobile data safe on personal technology devices , with countless benefits to companies and organizations in global business . All about B2B apps Mobile apps present new and exciting opportunities for businesses to communicate with other businesses . Some B2B companies have succeeded by using apps that support the sales process . For instance , creating presentations using an iPad allows for a more personal and engaging experience . Other companies have built deeper and more personal relationships with investors and journalists through apps -- regardless of geographical boundaries . The prime example here is Shell , whose award-winning iOS and Android apps benefit from innovative features and platform-specific functionality . At the same time , they keep the user experience consistent , making sure to deliver the most relevant content . Tigerspike 's delivery of the Shell investor relations app led to a two-fold increase in dwell time and a 300 per cent increase in downloads . These are the kinds of rewards global companies can not afford to miss out on . Future concerns : The internet of things The mobility transformation has already given birth to another revolution : The Internet of Things . The change that we have witnessed in past years is only going to accelerate . It is expected that the number connected mobile devices will be five times higher than it is now by 2020 . This will inevitably change the face of how companies deal with their global customer base . To succeed , companies must seize the opportunities they have to transform their businesses accordingly , to build more rewarding relationships and more productive workforces globally through the impact of personal media . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nic Newman .	Tablet sales are predicted to surpass PCs , laptops by 2015 , says Gartner Yet 60 % of businesses will not have a mobile strategy in place by 2014 Firms must have ` mobile first ' strategy if they wish to go global , writes Nic Newman
Rome  CNN  -- The Catholic Church is on the verge of declaring late Pope John Paul II a saint , a Vatican source familiar with the process told CNN on Tuesday . The committee that considers candidates for sainthood voted Tuesday to credit the late pope with a second miracle , the source said , asking not to be named discussing internal Vatican deliberations . It is not clear which of several miracles under consideration would be credited to the late pope . Pope Francis must now sign off on the decision before it is official . John Paul was pope from 1978 until his death in 2005 . Smoke signals : How is a new pope elected ? He was fast-tracked to beatification when he died in 2005 , and became "  the blessed " John Paul II barely six years after his death -- the fastest beatification in centuries . For beatification , a person must be credited with a miracle by the Catholic Church . Pope Benedict , now pope emeritus , ruled in 2010 that John Paul II had miraculously cured a French nun of Parkinson 's disease . Sister Marie-Simon-Pierre , a nun whose order prayed to the pope after he died , said she was cured of the disease , an ailment that also afflicted John Paul II . A second miracle would have to be confirmed for him to be officially canonized , or elevated as a saint of the Catholic Church .	A committee votes to credit former Pope John Paul II with a second miracle In 2010 the church ruled that he had cured a nun of Parkinson 's disease A second recognized miracle would make him eligible to be a saint
CNN  -- Tax day is an annual stress test for millions of Americans , but Wednesday 's Internal Revenue Service filing deadline may be the toughest one yet for many who ca n't pay their mortgages or rent , let alone a big tax bill . Jonathan Hermosa wears a costume this week to beckon customers to a tax service office in New York . "  Our message to taxpayers -LSB- is -RSB- that we 're going the extra mile to help those of you in economic distress , " IRS Commissioner Doug Shulman told the National Press Club in Washington on Monday . "  We want to get you your refunds as quickly as possible . And if you think you ca n't pay , please come in and let 's talk about it . There are steps we can take to help . " iReport contributor Crystal Gress will need to follow some of those steps . The Coplay , Pennsylvania , bank call center employee said she does n't know how she 's going to pay the $ 1,200 she owes the IRS . It 's the first time she 's had a balance due on April 15 . "  I 'm really scared because I 've never had to do it before , " said Gress , 23 . "  I 'm used to getting a return , but this past year has been really rough . " Watch who 's more likely to get audited " Gress adjusted her withholding last year to increase her take-home pay to cover bills ; she intended the change to be temporary , but car repairs and other expenses kept coming up , she said . She used an estimating tool on tax preparer H&R Block 's Web site and got the bad news . "  I was like , ` Oh , crap . I owe money . ' And I do n't know what to do now , " she said . " ... I waited until yesterday to do my taxes because I did n't want to submit them . " People who know they 're getting a refund tend to file as early as possible , while those with a balance due tend to file late in the season , IRS spokesman John Lipold said . Watch last-minute tips from CNN 's Gerri Willis " "  A lot of people who were getting refunds in the past are not getting them this year , " said Brian Joubert , owner of L&B Tax Service with five locations in the Atlanta , Georgia , area and Houston , Texas . Because his clients usually pay their preparation fees out of their refunds , Joubert 's company has had to make changes to accommodate them , including cutting fees in select cases , holding checks until payday or taking payments in installments . "  We 've had more people to pay with a credit card this year than I 've ever seen , " said Joubert , who has been in the tax preparation business for 12 years . "  I feel like a department store in some sense . " The IRS has a monthly payment plan , but it comes with an upfront fee , stiff penalties and interest , making it more costly than a commercial loan . But a loan is n't an option for Gress , whose credit rating is hurt by lingering debt from admittedly unwise earlier choices . After her monthly rent , utilities and car payment , "  I barely have enough to buy ramen noodles , " Gress said . iReport.com : Read more of Gress ' story She tried to refinance her $ 5,000 used car but was turned down , and getting a loan from her family is not an option , she said . Her fianc does n't make much at the auto body shop where he works , and she ca n't work a second job because of long hours at the call center and recent hip surgery . "  I 've been looking at every option to pay my taxes , " she said , acknowledging she 'll probably have to go with the costly IRS installment plan . She wo n't be alone . Between 2 million and 3 million taxpayers a year follow that route , Lipold said . Watch what protesters are planning for tax day " Others in similar situations might consider filing for an extension , but they still have to pay extra on any balance not paid by midnight Wednesday . "  Bring your checkbook when you go to file an extension , " said Amy McAnarney , executive director of the Tax Institute at H&R Block . "  The tax that is n't paid by April 15 is subject to interest and penalties , so it 's best to pay as much as you can even if you are requesting an extension . " In rare cases , the IRS will negotiate with the taxpayer and settle for a smaller amount in what is called an offer in compromise . In 2008 , the agency worked out 11,000 offers in compromise  out of about 150 million individual returns  worth about $ 200 million , Lipold said . "  The IRS understands that a lot of people are having problems right now economically and is willing to work with them , " he said . "  If you 're having a problem , call now . " Watch how your car could earn you a tax break " In contrast to Gress , Joe and Patty Lewis are getting a large tax refund for the first time . The Willow Grove , Pennsylvania , couple are due $ 7,000 , which they said they hope will help save their home , which is in foreclosure . Joe Lewis ' job as a senior systems analyst was eliminated in January 2008 , and at 56 he has n't found anyone willing to hire him . His $ 1,800 monthly unemployment benefit -- of which $ 900 goes to COBRA health care coverage -- runs out at the end of April . iReport.com : Watch Patty Lewis ' iReports Patty Lewis , 55 , is a former executive with a furniture company who is disabled and no longer able to work . She first shared her story on iReport.com . The $ 7,000 is mostly a refund of the penalties they paid when they cashed in Joe 's 401  k  and a deduction for their considerable medical expenses , Patty Lewis said . The Lewises are in talks to take that money and a lump-sum payment of her private long-term disability insurance and make a deal with their lender to settle their mortgage debt , she said . "  If I cash it in , I 'll be screwing myself by a couple hundred thousand dollars , " she said . "  But if it 's something that 's going to save me from foreclosure , I 'm willing to do anything I can to secure my home . I 'm offering my lender everything that I possibly have . I 'm praying to God . " Until Joe can find a job , "  I 'm going to have to live on $ 900 Social Security a month , which is going to be extremely difficult , but our house is everything to us and it 's the only thing that I have to offer , " she said . Their property taxes are $ 500 a month , she noted . The couple has filed for mortgage assistance available through national economic stimulus legislation , but Patty Lewis said she doubts they 'll get it . "  The administration is not looking at people who have been out of work since this recession started -- December 2007 , January 2008 . That 's when my husband lost his job . And they know that a huge part of foreclosures is due to job loss , but yet they still keep addressing the subprime and adjustable-rate victims , " she said . "  And there 's nothing out there for us at all . ... How can they structure the payments in order for you to pay that mortgage payment every month ? "	NEW : More clients using credit cards to pay fees , tax preparer says Tough economic times make it hard for some to pay tax bills IRS offers installment payment plans , may be willing to negotiate Couple hopes to use refund to save house from foreclosure
CNN  -- Police in Jackson , Mississippi , have prepared an arrest warrant for former television host Gary Collins for leaving the scene of an accident , police spokesman Colendula Green told CNN . Officers were called to the scene Monday afternoon but when police arrived , only one of the parties involved was there . The victim "  had been stopped at a red light and was rear-ended by a white Jeep , driven by Gary Collins , " Green said . Collins ' lawyer , Tom Royals , said his client had gotten out of his vehicle , examined the accident , and exchanged information with the driver of the other car . After calling the police , Collins left because he had been waiting for some time and he thought he had done all that was required , Royals said . "  The other party knew his information , " Royals said . "  And in fact Collins knew someone in the car . They talked a while and then he left . " Green agreed that the ex-actor had provided his contact information but said Jackson Police have cited Collins for leaving the scene of an accident , a misdemeanor . Police are waiting to execute the arrest warrant once a judge signs off on it . The other driver is pressing charges , Green said . "  It was not a serious accident , " Royals said . "  It was really just a minor fender-bender . " Collins is known for being a TV and radio personality , and is married to former Miss America Mary Anne Mobley . As an actor , he is known his role in the television series "  The Sixth Sense , " and "  The Wackiest Ship in the Army . "	Gary Collins is a former television host and actor He was involved in a car accident Monday Collins exchanged information with the other driver , but left before police arrived
CNN  -- A group of chemical weapons inspectors are taking the world closer to peace in the middle of a raging war that they can not stop . For this they will receive the Nobel Peace Prize Tuesday . The award ceremony begins at 11 a.m. local time  5 a.m. ET  in Oslo , Norway . The prize consists of a medal , a diploma and a cash award of 8 million Swedish kroner  nearly $ 1.2 million  . Many were surprised when the Norwegian Nobel Committee announced in October that the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons had won the award for work just begun in Syria to eliminate its poison gas stockpiles . Even the recipients seemed blindsided . When the committee rang their headquarters in The Hague , Netherlands , no one picked up the phone . There had been vigorous speculation in the world 's press about who might take home the medal : Possibly Pakistan 's girls ' education activist Malala Yousufzai , the teen who was shot for trumpeting her cause , or Congolese physician Denis Mukwege , who treats victims of gang rape . But , intended or not , the committee shifted the focus of the public eye back onto the war in Syria , which it seems to have lost sight of . Its stated aim in choosing the OPCW was to point out the progress in eliminating chemical weapons around the world . Global signal "  We wanted to give a signal to the world that now we have the possibility to do away with a whole category of weapons of mass destruction , " said Thorbjorn Jagland , chairman of the Nobel Committee . This year also marks the 20-year anniversary of the Chemical Weapons Convention , which created the OPCW and calls on signatories to destroy their stockpiles . "  Eighty percent of chemical weapons have been eliminated and more than 90 percent of production capacity , " Jagland said . He wants to see the rest of it go , too . Few had heard of the OPCW before it was tasked with dismantling Syria 's chemical stockpile , but Jagland denied that the development had anything to do with his committee 's decision . "  Actually we decided this before what happened in Syria this summer , " he said . "  We awarded this organization because of what the organization has done . " "  But of course , " he added , "  it 's very important also now to give a kind of moral support to what it is going to do in Syria . " OPCW Director-General Ahmet Uzumcu was "  pleasantly surprised " by the award . He hopes the prize will inspire people to go beyond the elimination of weapons of mass destruction . Uzumcu would like to see peace in Syria . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Mick Krever contributed to this report	Weapons inspectors are taking the world closer to peace in the middle of a raging war Many were surprised when the Nobel committee announced they had won the peace prize Intended or not , the committee shifted the focus of the public eye back onto the war in Syria The committee wanted to point out the progress in eliminating chemical weapons globally
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- A series of explosions rocked the Yemeni port city of Aden ahead of a presidential election Tuesday , but no injuries were reported , security officials said . The blasts took place in separate neighborhoods late Monday , only hours before polls were set to open . In one neighborhood , Mansoora , about five minutes of gunfire accompanied the explosion , but no one was hurt , two security officials confirmed . Security had been tightened in Aden ahead of Tuesday 's vote , which features only one candidate , Vice President Abdurabu Mansur Hadi . Hadi took over Yemen 's government when longtime President Ali Abdullah Saleh handed over power following a year of unrest , but he insisted on standing for election to make his presidency official . At least 10 new checkpoints had been set up in Aden to bolster security ahead of the vote , and the head of operations for the Supreme Committee for Elections and Referendum said last week that more than 80,000 members of Yemen 's security forces would be posted at the 32,000 polling places . Yemen , on the southeastern corner of the Arabian Peninsula , has a population of almost 25 million and has struggled for years with separatist movements .	Explosions are reported in four neighborhoods in Aden No injuries have been reported , security officials told CNN Only Yemen 's vice president is on the ballot in Tuesday 's vote
CNN  -- Cambodia will accept refugees seeking asylum in Australia in return for A$ 40 million  $ 35 million  in aid , under a controversial , open-ended deal that has been criticized as "  a new low " in Australia 's treatment of asylum seekers . Australia 's Immigration Minister Scott Morrison was in Phnom Penh Friday to sign the agreement , as protesters there demonstrated outside the Australian Embassy . "  Cambodia is poor ... ca n't help the refugees from Australia , " read one placard . Before his departure , Morrison told Australian public broadcaster ABC that the deal would initially apply to refugees being held on Australia 's offshore detention center on Nauru , more than 200 of whom had been granted refugee status . Instead of finding refuge in their target destination , asylum seekers who agreed to the terms would instead be settled in Cambodia , one of southeast Asia 's poorest nations . It would be "  an ongoing arrangement " with no caps on total numbers involved , said Morrison . "  This is a voluntary arrangement . No-one is forcing anyone to go anywhere , " he said during the interview . "  It enables us to fulfill on the policy which says no one will be resettled in Australia . " Australia 's government was elected a year ago partly on a pledge to halt the flow of asylum seekers arriving by boat . Morrison said Australia would provide A$ 40 million  $ 35 million  in development aid projects over four years as part of the deal , in addition to the $ 79 million  $ 69 million  already allocated to Cambodia . Australia would also provide expertise on developing Cambodia 's capacity to settle refugees , he said . ` Shameful ' deal The plan to outsource refugees to an impoverished country -- which , as a consequence of its recent history of civil war , genocide and occupation , is better known for generating its own waves of refugees into the world -- has drawn widespread criticism . Australian senator Sarah Hanson-Young , immigration spokesperson for the Greens , lambasted the government for signing "  an open-ended deal with one of the most corrupt nations on Earth . " "  It 's shameful that the Abbott government is forcing refugees to choose between cruelty on Nauru and cruelty in Cambodia , " she told CNN . "  There is nothing optional about this deal . It 's like the bully in the schoolyard asking if you want a punch in the face or a kick in the guts . " The Australian government itself has recently criticized Cambodia 's human rights record , saying at the United Nations earlier this year that it needed to stop its military from killing street protesters , quashing political opposition and detaining people without trial . Cambodia rates 160th out of 177 countries on Transparency International 's corruption perceptions index . Of particular concern , said Hanson-Young , was the potential fate of unaccompanied girls among the refugees . "  Human rights organizations have said the incidence of rape and sexual exploitation is on the rise in Cambodia , especially for girls and young women , " she said . "  The moment these girls step off the plane , they will be put at risk . " ` Shirking responsibilities ' Refugee advocate David Manne , executive director of Australia 's Refugee and Immigration Legal Centre , said the agreement risked "  violating rights and endangering lives . " "  The deal involves Australia once again shirking rather than shouldering its responsibilities to refugees in our region and globally , " he said , describing Cambodia as "  a completely unsuitable place to resettle refugees . " "  It 's a country that can barely meet the needs of its own population , let alone the basic needs of refugees . The reality is that refugees will be forced to live a life of danger and despair on the margins . " In a statement , Amnesty International described the agreement as "  a new low in Australia 's deplorable and inhumane treatment of asylum seekers . " "  This agreement is putting the short-term political interests of the Australian government ahead of the protection of some of the world 's most vulnerable people , " said Rupert Abbott , the organization 's deputy Asia-Pacific director . "  It makes Cambodia complicit in Australia 's human rights breaches and seriously flawed offshore processing system . " That processing system , established by the previous government , sees new arrivals processed in overcrowded immigration detention centers in Papua New Guinea and Nauru , in a policy that has been criticized by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees  UNHCR  . More than 1,200 asylum seekers are currently detained in Nauru , with 250 status determinations carried out to date . More than 200 were found to be genuine refugees . UNHCR said in a statement it was "  deeply concerned " at the precedent set by the deal . "  This is a worrying departure from international norms . We are seeing record forced displacement globally , with 87 per cent of refugees now being hosted in developing countries , " said UN High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres . "  It 's crucial that countries do not shift their refugee responsibilities elsewhere . "	Australia has struck a deal with Cambodia to settle refugees in the southeast Asian nation In return , Australia will contribute millions of dollars in additional aid The plan has been slammed by advocate groups who say Cambodia is ill-equipped to host They say the refugees will lead endangered lives on the margins of society in Cambodia
CNN  -- Barcelona midfielder Alexander Hleb has turned down a move to Inter Milan in favor of returning to Bundesliga club Stuttgart on loan for the season . Alexander Hleb is presented to the media after completing his loan move to former club Stuttgart . Hleb had been expected to be part of the swap deal that saw Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Samuel Eto'o switch clubs earlier this week . But the 28-year-old Belarus international has opted against joining Cameroon striker Eto'o at the San Siro due to the limited prospects of regular football under Jose Mourinho , and instead decided to return to Germany . Hleb left Stuttgart four years ago to move to English Premier League side Arsenal , where he spent three seasons -- including reaching the Champions League final in 2006 , which the Gunners lost to Barcelona . Top 20 summer transfer targets Hleb eventually ended up moving to the Nou Camp last summer , but struggled to claim a place in the side and was omitted from the 18-man squad that beat Manchester United in this year 's Champions League final . Hleb told Stuttgart 's official Web site he had moved to Markus Babbel 's side because of their prospects for the coming season . "  I have opted for Stuttgart because the team has great potential and I am convinced that we can achieve a lot together , " the 28-year-old said . Stuttgart general manager Horst Heldt added : "  We have signed a world class player with Alexander Hleb . He will increase the quality of our squad even further . " Stuttgart had seen moves for both Real Madrid 's Klaas Jan Huntelaar and Vagner Love of CSKA Moscow break down in recent weeks .	Barcelona midfielder Alexander Hleb has turned down a switch to Inter Milan Hleb had been expected to be part of the Ibrahimovic and Eto'o swap transfer However , he has chosen to rejoin former club Stuttgart in a one-year loan deal
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's office contacted the U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan about reports the ambassador warned against sending more U.S. troops to the country , a Karzai spokesman told CNN Thursday . Two U.S. officials confirmed to CNN that Ambassador Karl Eikenberry sent two cables to Washington expressing reservations about troop increases amid uncertainty over Karzai 's government . One official , who spoke on condition of not being identified because of the sensitive nature of the cables , said the two communications "  expressed concern and reservations about troop increases in Afghanistan " until more is known about Karzai 's government after his recent re-election . Separately , a senior U.S. official also confirmed the existence of two Eikenberry classified cables . The official said Eikenberry expressed reservations about troop increases because of lingering concerns about Karzai and uncertainties about the government he is going to put in place . The second official also asked not to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the cables . In Kabul , Eikenberry 's office would not confirm to Karzai 's office the reports about the cables , Karzai spokesman Seyemic Herawi said . Herawi said Karzai will not comment on the reports without more information from the U.S. Embassy . Should more troops be sent to Afghanistan ? Share your thoughts Eikenberry previously expressed worry about corruption in Karzai 's government and its ability to partner with the United States to fight the Taliban . A senior State Department official told CNN that President Obama 's administration has questions about Karzai 's behavior , suggesting it has been inconsistent . Asked for an official response on reports of the cables , the U.S. Embassy in Kabul said it does not comment on private messages , but did confirm that there had been correspondence between Eikenberry and the president . In Washington , State Department spokesman Ian Kelly declined to comment Thursday on Eikenberry 's communications . "  We are not going to get into the details of this kind of advice , " Kelly said . "  This is a privileged channel of communication . They have the right to receive this advice in a confidential way , " Kelly said . "  Ambassador Eikenberry has been providing this kind of advice and analysis to the president and secretary since he arrived , " he said . "  The president really deserves the right to be able to gather all of this information from all of the different principals , people involved in the shaping of this policy . " Earlier , White House spokesman Tommy Vietor said , "  We wo n't discuss classified documents publicly , but , as we have said for months , success in Afghanistan depends on having a true partner in the Afghan government . " Initial reports of cables sent by Eikenberry appeared in The New York Times , Washington Post and Los Angeles Times . All three newspapers attributed the reports to senior U.S. officials , without identifying them . The developments came as Obama told his war council Wednesday that the U.S. troop commitment to Afghanistan is not open-ended , and then asked for revisions to options he previously received for sending more troops , a senior administration official told CNN . The war council -- comprising top Cabinet , Pentagon and administration officials -- met with Obama for the eighth time to discuss a request by the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan for up to 40,000 more troops . The meeting lasted more than two hours , according to the senior administration official . "  The president and his team discussed the length of time that it would take to implement the options he 's been presented , " the senior official said . "  The president believes that we need to make clear to the Afghan government that our commitment is not open-ended . After years of substantial investments by the American people , governance in Afghanistan must improve in a reasonable period of time to ensure a successful transition to our Afghan partner . " In particular , Obama pushed for revisions in proposed plans for troop increases to clarify how and when U.S. troops would turn over responsibility to the Afghan government , the official said . Earlier , a senior administration official and a U.S. military official independently told CNN that one option presented to Obama calls for sending about 34,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan , in addition to the 68,000 already committed to the country . The military official said the plan would send three U.S. Army brigades , totaling about 15,000 troops ; a Marine brigade of about 8,000 troops ; a headquarters element of about 7,000 troops ; and 4,000 to 5,000 support troops . The combat brigades would be brought in gradually , in three-month intervals , according to the military official . The troops would be spread across the country , mainly focusing in the south and southeast , where much of the fighting is , according to the military official . The option has been a favorite at the Pentagon in recent weeks , the official added . That is only one option , the senior administration official emphasized . Three other options , the official said , would be "  different mixes , " or "  different components of it . " Despite reports to the contrary , Obama has not decided the number of U.S. troops he will send to Afghanistan , White House officials said . Such reports are "  absolutely false , " Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said . And anyone who suggests otherwise , "  does n't have , in all honesty , the slightest idea what they 're talking about . " Republican members of the Senate Armed Services Committee urged Obama in a letter sent Wednesday -- Veterans Day -- to agree to the request for additional troops by U.S. military leaders in Afghanistan . The letter , signed by 10 Republican committee members , said success in Afghanistan will require enabling local leaders to govern and secure their country without substantial international assistance . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Elise Labott , Suzanne Malveaux , Mike Mount , Chris Lawrence and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	State Department says what ambassador tells president is confidential Hamid Karzai aides question U.S. ambassador 's advice to Obama Ambassador reportedly warns Obama against sending more troops to Afghanistan Ambassador has expressed concerns about Karzai government in past
CNN  -- In his bid to replicate Barcelona 's unprecedented success at Bayern Munich , Josep Guardiola has a secret weapon -- a gold medal-winning water polo player . In front of a crowded press room , and in fluent German , Guardiola outlined his pride at taking control of the recently-crowned European champions on Monday . Earlier this year Bayern surprised the football world by announcing Guardiola would replace Jupp Heynckes as the club 's coach for the 2013-14 football season , with the Bavarians subsequently going on to clinch an historic European , German League and German Cup treble . And as he attempts to match the success the club enjoyed under Heynckes , Guardiola will have Manuel Estiarte at his side , a man who worked with the new Bayern coach at Barca and who won Olympic gold at the Atlanta 1996 Games . "  He has participated in many Olympic Games , " said Guardiola . "  I like to take his influences from other sports , he will help us . " As well as Estiarte , Guardiola has brought three other members of his backroom staff from his Barcelona days -- assistant coach Domenec Torrent , scout and video analyst Carles Planchart and fitness coach Lorenzo Buenaventura , "  It 's great that these people were willing to follow me , " added Guardiola . "  This is a challenge also for the families , I hope that we manage it well . " Guardiola forged his reputation at Barca , where he won 14 trophies in four years , including two European Cups , between 2008 and 2012 before deciding to take a sabbatical from the sport . His achievements in Catalonia , and the style in which Barca achieved success , made the former midfielder one of the most sought after coaches in the world . But Bayern 's heritage -- the club has been crowned champions of Europe on five occasions -- tempted Guardiola . "  The decision to come to the club was based on its history and its players , " continued Guardiola . "  It 's a fresh challenge for me , my time in Barcelona was wonderful , but I needed a new challenge . "  Bayern Munich gave me the opportunity , I am prepared to give my best . I 'm ready . " Having spent the majority of his career with Barca , Guardiola is aware of the pressure that comes with working for one of the world 's biggest clubs . "  At the top clubs , you are always under pressure but I believe in myself and I accept this challenge without a problem , " said the 42-year-old . "  I will , of course , make changes , but I want to keep the level that Bayern has already achieved . " Guardiola also spoke in glowing terms of Heynckes , who has announced he will not be taking a coaching role for the new season . "  I have had no contact with Jupp Heynckes but I hope to speak with him in the next few days , " added Guardiola . "  I have a lot of respect for his achievements and it would be good to have his opinion . It 's an honor to be his successor , especially after the way his team played last season . " Earlier on Monday , Tottenham Hotspur coach Andre Villas-Boas suggested the biggest task facing Guardiola will be to impose his brand of football onto the German champions . "  His  Guardiola 's  challenge is to transport his  possession football  paradigm to another culture , " said former Porto and Chelsea manager Villas-Boas . "  It 's like what I tried to do at Chelsea : it 's counter cultural . "	Josep Guardiola unveiled as coach of Bayern Munich Former Barcelona coach takes over from Jupp Heynckes Guardiola won 14 trophies in four years as Barca coach between 2008 and 2012 His first game competitive game will be against Borussia Monchengladbach
CNN  -- In male-dominated Saudi Arabia , women long have lacked a seat at the table of power . That harsh reality was reflected in an Ikea furniture catalog distributed in Saudi Arabia that left them missing from other tables as well . Images of women were airbrushed from copies of the Swedish-based retailer 's annual catalog shipped to the religiously conservative Islamic kingdom . Saudi Arabia turns back 1,000 female pilgrims from Nigeria For example , one photo in the publication showed a mother , father and two children in a bathroom . In the Saudi version , the image of the woman was removed . The news , first reported by Sweden 's Metro newspaper , nearly made Sweden 's trade minister , Ewa Bjorling , fall off her chair -- or throw one . "  I regret that there is still such a long way to go when it comes to gender equality in Saudi Arabia , which these images clearly show , " she said . Saudi princess opens up about women 's rights in her country "  As long as women are hindered from visibility and work outside home , Saudi Arabia will lack 50 % of their human capital . " IKEA apologized Monday for the airbrushing , saying it "  regrets what has happened and understands that people are upset . " "  It is not the local franchisee that has requested the retouch of the discussed pictures . The mistake happened during the work process occurring before presenting the draft catalog for IKEA Saudi Arabia . We take full responsibility for the mistakes made , " the company said . Attaining equal rights has been an uphill battle for Saudi women . Saudi Arabia let women compete in Olympics for first time There 's been a "  push to get women into the workforce , which religious conservatives are fiercely resisting , " Human Rights Watch said in an August report . But women are up against a "  different but equal " notion of gender equality in Islam . "  Men have a duty to provide for women , women in turn must obey their male guardians and care for house and children , " the rights group noted , citing a 2003 scholarly treatise . The IKEA airbrushing did n't faze Eman Al Nafjan , writer and blogger who tweets as Saudiwoman . "  We 're beyond that right now in Saudi Arabia , " she told CNN . "  With Internet and satellite TV , there 's really no such thing anymore as blacking out women or airbrushing out women . I would be upset if something like Google was doing it , but for IKEA to do it , that 's just marketing -- it 's not such a big deal . " Images in international magazines had been customarily censored . But times seem to have changed a bit , she said . A year ago , for example , the shoulders and stomachs in the images of women in tube tops would be colored with a marker . "  They would go through each individual magazine with a black marker and color in any skin that was showing or tear out pages , " she said . "  Now they do n't . It 's strange -- almost like they gave up . I saw a woman wearing a miniskirt on the cover of a magazine when I was at the grocery store , " she said . Just the same , she said , censored images are not unusual . "  I do n't think it 's right , but it 's the culture . Even women who wear the hijab who appear in street advertising posters -- you see that their faces are pixelated and blurred . " CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report	Saudi woman blogger : Given the Internet , satellite TV , "  it 's not such a big deal " IKEA apologizes for the airbrushing Saudi women have been fighting an uphill battle for rights Swedish trade minister : "  There is still such a long way to go "
CNN  -- Take a glass , fill it with marbles and shake . That 's what it can feel like inside an airplane hit by turbulence . Recent United Airlines and American Airlines flights have both been hit by unexpected turbulence that resulted in injuries . A United flight bound for New York 's LaGuardia Airport last month experienced turbulence shortly after takeoff from Houston , sending five crew and passengers to the hospital . And five people were taken to a hospital Tuesday after an Aruba-to-Miami flight encountered turbulence during its initial descent , an American Airlines spokesman said . Since 2007 , there have been 58 reported incidents of turbulence on U.S. airlines , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . These incidents resulted in 64 serious injuries and 97 minor injuries , according to the FAA . Commonly experienced as bumpiness in flight , "  turbulence is rapidly varying or overturning air motions occurring across short distances in the atmosphere , " Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University meteorology professor Curtis James said . Turbulence can occur at any time on a flight , according to Bonnie Schneider , a meteorologist who appears on CNN and HLN and is the author of "  Extreme Weather : A Guide to Surviving Flash Floods , Tornadoes , Hurricanes , Heat Waves , Snowstorms , Tsunamis and Other Natural Disasters . " There are several common types of turbulence . Convective turbulence can occur when an aircraft passes over an unstable air mass  perhaps near a thunderstorm  and experiences rapidly rising or descending air , according to Schneider . Mechanical turbulence can occur when an aircraft passes over a mountain range , hills or even large buildings . They bring "  waves " of uneven airflow . Wind shear or clear air turbulence can occur without warning due to changing movements and speeds of air at different heights . "  Because the air can be more unstable at lower altitudes , it may more typically occur as a plane is climbing upwards from taking off or descending to land , " Schneider said . "  Also , since summer thunderstorms tend to occur often in the afternoon , you may find less ` bumpy ' flights in the early morning hours , " but it can happen any time , even at night , Schneider says . Capt. Chuck Hogeman is n't worried about what turbulence will do to his plane . Planes are designed to withstand the pressure of the atmosphere in flight , even when it feels really bumpy , says Hogeman , chairman of the Air Line Pilots Association air safety committee and a United Airlines captain with more than 20 years of flight experience . He does worry about passengers and loose galley items flying around during unexpected turbulence . Do n't let turbulence freak you out One of the trickiest things pilots have to figure out is "  when to turn that seat belt sign off after there 's been some turbulence and it 's been smooth for a period of time , " he said . "  There 's no guarantee you 're going to have a smooth ride , and the onset of turbulence can be very quick . Passengers really do need to rely on the judgment of the men and women up front . " We 've all heard the flight attendant announcements to fasten our seat belts on board airplanes , even when the seat belt sign is n't illuminated . That offers added protection to passengers , who can choose to follow the rules and buckle up . Pilots often order flight attendants to sit down if they know turbulence is coming or it 's already hit ; otherwise , the flight attendants are moving about the airplane cabin to prepare the airplane for in-flight service and landing . You may not feel particularly fortunate in your cramped coach seat with not even a bag of peanuts to calm you down , but you 're luckier than the flight attendant pushing a drink cart during an unpredicted bout of clear air turbulence . That cart weights several hundred pounds , and the flight attendant has to secure it before buckling up , says Corey Caldwell , an Association of Flight Attendants spokeswoman . Bruises , sprains and even broken bones are common among flight attendants , she says . So do what James does on a flight : "  I just wear my seat belt , because I know it can happen at any time . " CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Turbulence can happen at any time , although it often comes during ascent or descent 64 serious injuries resulting from turbulence have occurred since 2007 , according to FAA figures Staying buckled up is a passenger 's best defense against injury
CNN  -- The Justice Department is looking at whether to launch an investigation of finger-pointing between the CIA and the Senate Intelligence Committee that erupted over access to top-secret documents , a law enforcement source told CNN . Earlier this week , the CIA 's Inspector General 's office asked prosecutors to look at allegations from both sides that each was inappropriately monitoring the other at a secret facility in Northern Virginia . The facility was set up to review millions of classified CIA documents on its detention and interrogation programs . The CIA outfitted the room with secure computers and encrypted locks so committee staff members could compile a 6,000 page classified report . The CIA contends the committee was looking at unauthorized material , while the Senate panel claims the agency inappropriately monitored computer activity of its staff , according to a source familiar with the matter . CIA Director John Brennan said in a statement that that he was "  deeply dismayed " that some members of the Senate have made "  spurious allegations about CIA actions that are wholly unsupported by the facts . " Brennan said he was confident that authorities reviewing the matter would determine whether there was any wrongdoing by either side .	Justice Department weighing whether to get involved CIA inspector general asked prosecutors to look at allegations Senate committee says CIA monitored staff computers CIA says Senate staff was looking at unauthorized material
Washington  CNN  -- Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden -- the son of Vice President Joe Biden -- has suffered what doctors believe to be a mild stroke , according to the hospital . Biden "  was admitted this morning to Christiana Hospital in Newark , Delaware after having what we believe to be a mild stroke , according to a written statement from Dr. Timothy Gardner , medical director of the Center for Heart and Vascular Surgery at Christiana Care Health System in Delaware . "  He is in good spirits and talking with his family at the hospital . He is fully alert , in stable condition and has full motor and speech skills . We expect him to make a complete recovery . " Biden was scheduled to be transferred later Tuesday to Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , "  for further observation and examination , " according to a statement from the vice president 's office . Biden was joined at the hospital by his wife and his father , according to an earlier statement from the vice president 's office . Biden , 41 , was elected as Delaware 's attorney general in 2006 . He recently served in Iraq for one year as a captain with the Delaware Army National Guard . He was considered a front-runner to fill his father 's former U.S. Senate seat this November , but in January he announced he had decided against a run for higher office . Biden served as a prosecutor in the U.S. attorney 's office in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , from 1997 to 2002 . Biden graduated from the Archmere Academy in Wilmington , Delaware , the University of Pennsylvania and Syracuse University College of Law . He and his wife , Hallie , have two children .	NEW : Beau Biden is expected to be transferred to Philadelphia hospital later Tuesday Doctors believe Biden , 41 , suffered a mild stroke , but is expected to make a full recovery Biden , 41 , was elected as Delaware 's attorney general in 2006 He is the son of Vice President Joe Biden
CNN  -- Two teenage girls from Great Britain will fly home Thursday after spending a year behind bars in Ghana for drug-smuggling , the British High Commission in the west African country said . The girls were stopped by customs officials at Accra trying to smuggle drugs back to Britain . Ghanaian police arrested the teenagers , identified as Yasemin Vatansever and Yatunde Diya , in July 2007 as they prepared to board a British Airways flight to London . When officials searched their laptop bags as part of departure formalities , they found about 13 lbs  6 kg  of cocaine . The girls , now 17 , were 16 at the time of their arrest . They faced a maximum sentence of three years . UK media have named the girls as Yatunde Diya and Yasemin Vatansever of north London . In January , a juvenile court in Ghana sentenced the pair to nine months in jail for trying to smuggle cocaine out of the country . At the time , a British Foreign Office spokesman said the teens would not have to serve the full sentence because they had already spent more than six months in custody . But soon afterward , Ghanaian authorities changed their minds . The girls were housed in a correctional home for girls in the country 's capital , Accra . Fair Trials International , a UK-based group that provided legal assistance to the pair , called the girls "  pawns in a larger operation . " Authorities in Ghana had said a man paid the girls # 6,000  about $ 11,700  to fly to Ghana to retrieve the laptop bags containing the drugs from two of his associates , according to the country 's national news agency . Those men have not been caught . "  The girls have served their full sentences , but the men who groomed them and lured them to Ghana remain free to target other vulnerable young women , " said Catherine Wolthuizen , Fair Trials ' chief executive , in a statement this week . Ghana and other West African countries have become a transit point for drugs headed to Europe . The girls were arrested in a joint Britain-Ghana drug detection operation , the UK 's customs agency said Wednesday . CNN 's Laura Maestro contributed to this report	British teens jailed in Ghana on drugs charges , due to fly home to UK Thursday Pair , both 16 at time of arrest last July , sentenced to nine months in prison UK legal aid group says girls had been targeted , were "  pawns in a larger operation "
CNN  Move over "  House of Cards ! " And "  Better Call Saul " can wait . If you need a new obsession to binge-watch online , we 've got a hot list of African TV and web series for you . From painstakingly awkward mockumentaries to gritty city dramas to entertaining profiles of quirky creatives , there 's a whole host of popular shows captivating audiences in Africa and beyond CNN picks out eight must-see TV or web series from across the continent and the diaspora that you should tune into . 1 . "  I of Africa " From Aina Fadina , a Nigerian born/American raised fashion model comes "  I of Africa " -- a web series celebrating all things African from a global perspective . So far , she 's produced two seasons of one-on-one interviews with entrepreneurial creatives . She says the series celebrates trailblazing individuals by focusing on inspirational , global African stories . "  I cover topics that influence the image of what African is , ` African beauty , ' what African cultures are , influences the continent has on the world from a global perspective , and the evolution of these things . " Fadina -- who has worked with luxury labels including Oscar De La Renta and Alexander McQueen , as well as fashion changemakers Duro Olowu and Mimi Plange -- is a force du jour for this storytelling outlet . Juggling the many hats of financier , host and producer , she says the ultimate goal is to one day be picked up for TV . She is currently in the process of securing partners and sponsorship to begin filming Season Three . Watch it here 2 . "  The Pearl of Africa " In a country where being gay has been outlawed by the state , "  The Pearl of Africa " follows the emotional journey of Cleopatra Kambugu , a 27-year-old transgender girl . Born biologically male , the series follows her journey as she openly transitions into a woman . Swedish filmmaker Jonny von Wallstrm traveled to Kampala living with Cleo and her boyfriend , filming them for 18 months as the young trans woman raised important questions about identity , gender and homophobic attitudes in the country . Beautifully produced , the seven-part series showcases a brave story told in powerful yet softly intimate light . Watch it here 3 . "  An African City " No list of popular African shows would be complete without "  An African City . " Often described as the continent 's answer to HBO 's popular "  Sex and the City " television series , the show follows five fabulous women as they return to their native Ghana following several years living abroad . The series immediately generated a buzz when the first season was released last year . Show creator Nicole Amarteifio told CNN last year : "  I wanted something for African women , something for us and by us . I was tired of the sole narrative of the African woman being about poverty and disease . I wanted to see another narrative -- one of beauty , glamor and intelligence . I knew I had to do something about it . I could n't keep complaining about the problem . " Producers tell CNN they hope to start shooting Season Two sometime in the spring for public release scheduled for later in the year , subject to financing . Watch it here 4 . "  The Samaritans " "  The Samaritans " is a refreshingly smart and hilarious mockumentary based on the development sector . A witty and well-written scripted comedy from Kenyan producer Hussein Kurji , the show follows the daily goings-on at a local field office for fictitious NGO "  Aid for Aid . " Complete with painfully awkward monologues from the NGO 's new country director , Scott -- who clearly has n't got a clue what he 's doing -- the show has an air of "  The Office " about it and will have you laughing out loud at some of the ridiculous decisions made by this inept gang . Kurji began development on the series thanks to a successful Kickstarter campaign and ironically with additional financing from a NGO . Two episodes are available to rent online and he is currently focusing on developing a full first season for international distribution . Rent it here 5 . The White Folks Think South Africa 's answer to "  Modern Family , " this quirky comedy follows the seemingly boring lives of two families living in suburban Cape Town . From the minds of writers and co-directors , Mia Cilliers and Lisa Lane Drennan , the tongue-in-cheek comedy takes aim at the upwardly mobile middle class families in the capital 's suburbs . Drennan adds : "  We originally came up with the concept after joking around about the typical habits of white people close to us : family , neighbors , friends and co-workers . We thought that the time was right for a show that parodies suburban behavior , it was never meant to be mean-spirited but rather an attempt to laugh at ourselves and look critically at white culture , especially in the suburbs . "  As the script developed , we realized the show is not about white people and their lives as such , but actually more about middle class people as a whole and the "  problems " that they deal with . " The team have released two seasons on Youtube and currently on hiatus planning their next season which they hope to start shooting imminently . Watch it here 6 . African Time A talking head web series showcasing what it 's like for Africans in the diaspora . The show might of started out life in 2011 as a documentary but soon transformed into the web series format it is known for today . The idea came from chief writer Mawuena Akyea who wanted to explore the acclimation experiences of first and second generation Africans in anecdotal form . Along with producers Ayman Gasmelseed and Algernon Felice Jr , the project finally got off the ground through the art collective , WAAVE+DADA . Tackling stereotypes , discipline , parenting and other issues with humor , class and intelligence , it 's well worth spending a few minutes to watch a different perspective from the diaspora . Felice Jr says : "  Our intention is to start production within the 2015 calendar year , focusing on expanding both the scope and scale of the series in a format that allows us to delve into various cultural & social issues from a fresh and engaging perspective . " Watch it here 7 . "  The Nairobians " Celebrated Kenyan director David "  Tosh " Gitonga created a mini social media storm last month when he shared the trailer for his new TV show "  The Nairobians . " Gitonga previously directed the multi award-winning gangster flick "  Nairobi Half-Life , " the country 's first-ever film to be considered for an Academy Award . Gitonga tells CNN it was during filming the intense crime film that the idea for The Nairobians hit him . "  When we filmed Nairobi Half-Life we got immersed into a world that was not understood , " he explains . "  A fascinating world that had lots of stories to be told . That 's when the idea of making a series came about . " While little is known about the details of the series , the dark and dramatic trailer reveals Gitonga has turned his attention to the country 's capital and a gang of highly skilled criminals committing heists across the city . The show features Brenda Wairimu  of MTV 's soapie "  Shuga " fame  , Daniel Weke , while Antony Ndung ' u returns to work with Gitonga again  the duo previously collaborated on set of Nairobi Half-Life " among others  . As Gitonga himself describes it , "  The Nairobians is an Pan African show that tells our own stories of struggles and dreams in their african context . " Gitonga has spent the past few months working with Tanzanian writer , film producer and director Abdu Simba to nail down a strong outline for the show 's direction and script . The production time are in the final stages of development before production on season one begins . 8 . "  Ogas At The Top " "  Ogas At The Top " is a quirky political satire web series from Nigeria with puppets . Created by the same team who launched the popular THE XYZ SHOW in Kenya , the web series turns the country 's leaders into comical punching bags . Some of the puppet personas of Nigerian society to make appearances on the show so far include President Goodluck Jonathan and his wife , former leaders Olusegun Obasanjo and Sani Abacha , Finance Minister Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala , comedian Basketmouth and Nollywood actress Patience "  Mama G " Ozokwor . Season two , which has a strong focus on the upcoming elections , kicked off at the beginning of February with new episodes -- each running around five minutes long -- releasing each Friday . And producers are hoping to see the same success season one brought -- the show went viral  with many episodes reaching over 100,000 views  and has been nominated for Best Online Video at this year 's Africa Magic Viewer 's Choice awards in March . Watch it here More from African Voices Read this : The tech genius owning cerebral palsy Read this : African poetry goes mobile	Continent 's storytellers are using online avenues to get eyeballs on their new projects From hilarious mockumentaries to gritty city crime dramas , CNN picks eight shows to watch
San Diego  CNN  -- Even for someone who has written more than 2,000 columns over the last 20 years , sometimes the words come out wrong . All I know is that my wife is angry . "  You need to fix this ! " she says , as she holds up her smartphone . On the screen is a copy of my latest column for CNN.com scolding a faction of the DREAMers , the undocumented youth angling for legal status , for what I -- and judging from the response , quite a few other Americans -- see as a sense of entitlement . "  I hated this column , " she said . "  I know what you were trying to say , because I know you . But other people wo n't understand it . They 're confused and angry , and they should be . I get your point . You 're saying that these kids have become entitled and self-important like other kids and they 're going to blow it for everyone else -- including their undocumented parents . But that 's not what you walk away from this column with . What you walk way with is meanness . And that 's not you . " Bah humbug . Sometimes , it is me . As I often tell audiences that gather for my speeches , constantly cheerful and positive writers work for Hallmark . And yet , I notice that many of my critics on the left who think the tone of the DREAMer piece was harsh did n't object when , in the past , I lashed out in a similar tone against those on the right . When voters turned out Arizona State Sen. Russell Pearce , the major sponsor of that state 's dreadful immigration law , I wrote that "  evil has left the building . " When Mitt Romney was overheard telling donors that he 'd have a better shot at winning the presidential election if he were Latino , I mocked the Republican candidate for "  playing the victim " because he had the "  misfortune to be born a white male . " In another column , after Romney blamed his defeat on minorities who were hungry for giveaways , I called him a "  loser . " And , when writing about the intersection of immigration and politics , I have had no trouble saying that the GOP brand is toxic to Latinos because the party has chosen to "  pander to racists and nativists . " Every time , conservatives were upset , but -- on Facebook and other social media -- liberals applauded . Could it be that what really troubles people is n't the tone of a particular column but who is being skewered ? Still , as a Mexican immigrant herself , my wife has a point . And so do many of my critics . In the offending column , I was not trying to describe the individual lives of the estimated 1.4 million undocumented high school and college students in the United States . Everyone is different . I was talking about a movement , a political strategy that involves DREAMers demanding what they see as their "  rights " and , in the process , succumbing to a radicalism that is counterproductive and threatens to torpedo immigration reform for millions of others . Like the saying goes , you catch more flies with honey than ... by donning a cap and gown and occupying the office of a member of Congress until you 're arrested . Or something like that . But people did n't hear that message . They drew upon their own frame of reference and , thinking back to DREAMers they know , declared that they were swell folks who were humble and idealistic and did n't feel entitled . So , they said , I must be wrong . Ironically , some of those who reacted angrily to the column wound up making its point . One reader , who identified himself as a DREAMer who has lived in the United States for 11 years , insisted that he and his cohort were n't making demands . Then he added : "  Speaking for myself ... at this point I am done asking . I demand to be fully incorporated into this society . " Now there 's a lack of self-awareness . Yet , that 's also a good trait for columnists , who can always say things better and clearer . So let 's try this again . For those undocumented youth who think that America owes them a fulfillment of their dreams , or who -- like the reader -- demand to be fully "  incorporated into this society , " that first column was for you . And the scolding fits . But for the rest of you who work hard and obey the law and keep your head down and just want to find a way to live legally in a country you consider your own and where you 've lived most of your life , let me first apologize for lumping you together with the demanders . Then let me give you some friendly advice : -- Think critically . It 's not enough to have beliefs . You have to constantly challenge yourselves so you know why you believe it , and can defend it . Because someday , you 'll have to do so ; -- Privileges are not rights , and so they are earned and not granted by our creator . If Congress gives you the privilege of legal status , you need to decide what you 're prepared to give in return . You need a plan , and a demand is not a plan ; -- Focus on deeds not words , and admit that neither political party has been courageous or honest on immigration . So do n't feel beholden to either . Power comes from exercising options . Shop around ; Last week , the Obama administration released figures showing that Immigration and Customs Enforcement broke its own record for total number of deportations . The agency removed 409,849 illegal immigrants in the 2012 fiscal year , compared to 396,906 in the 2011 fiscal year and 392,000 in the 2010 fiscal year . As most DREAMers would agree , those numbers are nothing to be proud of , especially since they appear to be driven by politics . -- Challenge your friends with the same amount of enthusiasm that you challenge your foes . After all , in the world of politics and beyond , those you support owe you something for standing by them . Make sure you collect ; and -- Accept that , while it 's true that you did nothing wrong when you were brought here as a child , someone along the line , someone in your family tree broke a law . They crossed a border without permission , or overstayed a visa . Deal with it . Before we can legalize your status , you have to accept the wrong that was done and someone has to make amends for it -- if not you , then the person who broke the rules . Above all , always try to be better people who strive for fairness , listen to different points of view , and take responsibility for your words and deeds . And I 'll do the same . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : In my previous column I scolded a faction of the DREAMers Navarrette said they have a sense of entitlement , and many readers feel the same , he says Many readers were offended , including his wife , says Navarrette He says he was talking about people succumbing to a counterproductive radicalism
CNN  -- Who in their right mind would try to ride every single Walt Disney World ride in one day ? It took Shane Lindsay and Ted Tamburo 17 hours , logging 22 miles and riding 46 rides , they told CNN affiliate WKMG Local 6 . A childhood dream of the long-time friends , Lindsay and Tamburo tried to accomplish their goal last year but a storm ruined their plans . To Disney or not to Disney ? "  If you 're an average guest here on vacation this is not something you want to be doing , " Lindsay said . "  It 's very much like running a marathon throughout the day . " And do n't try it with the kids , they said . Can you imagine running past the gift shop or ice cream parlor to make your 37th ride ? They started at Hollywood Studios in the morning and rode all the open rides at Walt Disney World 's three other parks , too : Epcot , Magic Kingdom and Animal Kingdom . The weather cooperated this year , and their strategy of fast passes , single rider lanes and time management paid off . They kept moving and kept hydrated by filling up their water bottles and eating from their supply of energy bars . "  If you sat down in a vehicle of some kind and it moved you even a few feet we considered that a ride , " said Lindsay .	Riding all the rides at Walt Disney World was two men 's dream They failed to accomplish their goal in 2013 because of a storm It took them 17 hours this year , and they logged 22 miles
CNN  Before Ronald Read died last summer , he was , on several occasions , the recipient of another person 's generosity . One woman , worried that the same tattered baseball cap he often wore would n't be enough to keep him warm in the Vermont winter , knitted him a hat , Read 's attorney Laurie Rowell told CNN . His khaki denim jacket was held together with a safety pin and his flannel shirt was so old , someone once paid for his breakfast at Friendly 's . "  The man ahead of him had paid for him , " Rowell said , "  Based on what he looked like and how he dressed . " Perhaps that 's why the man known for his extreme frugality and scruffy appearance decided in the years before his death that he 'd do a little giving of his own . "  The estate of Robert Read made its first distributions to Brattleboro Memorial Hospital and the Brooks Library in the amounts of $ 4.8 million and $ 1.2 million , " Read 's attorney said in a press release . Read frequented the coffee shop at the hospital for breakfast , Gina Pattison , with Brattleboro Memorial Hospital , told CNN affiliate WCAX . Pattison called Read "  a very unassuming man . " "  To find out that he had left this money to the hospital was a great surprise , " Pattison said . The president of the Board of Trustees for the Brooks Memorial Library said in a release he was delighted by the news and said Read 's donation was the largest bequest since that of George J. Brooks in 1886 . Read was in the Army during World War II before working as a mechanic with his brother for many years . After the garage was sold , Read could have taken some time to relax , but "  he did n't take to retirement very well , " Rowell said . Read eventually went to work as a part-time janitor at J.C. Penney . He finally retired in 1997 . Though his jobs never yielded large salaries , Read enjoyed investing in the stock market , always putting his money into "  dividend producing stocks , " Rowell said . He lived modestly , hating to spend money or see anything go to waste , a release from Rowell 's law firm said . "  He would n't even park close to my office because he did n't want to pay for parking , " she said . When her client died last June and she went to retrieve the appropriate estate documents from Read 's safety deposit box , she realized just how frugal he was . "  The box was completely packed tight with stock certificates , " she said . When the banker hit the final total , they all stood in shock : Read was worth more than $ 8 million . Besides his frugality , Rowell described Read as a quintessential "  Vermonter . " He was softspoken , but had a great sense of humor . He was also a very private man . "  He 'd be shocked to have this much exposure , " Rowell said . In addition to his charitable donations , Read also gave a portion of his fortune to a couple of stepchildren and friends .	Man known for extreme frugality makes generous donations to local hospital , library . Robert Read served in WWII and worked as a mechanic in Vermont . Read worth millions upon his death last summer .
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez died Tuesday after a long battle with cancer . News of his death drew impassioned reactions from around the world , as leaders and other public figures weighed in on his legacy . Here are some of the comments : U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon "  President Chavez spoke to the challenges and aspirations of the most vulnerable Venezuelans . He provided decisive impetus for new regional integration movements , based on an eminently Latin American vision , while showing solidarity toward other nations in the hemisphere . His contribution to the current peace talks in Colombia between the Government of President Juan Manuel Santos and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia  FARC  has been of vital importance . "  The secretary-general renews the commitment of the United Nations to work alongside the Government and the people of Venezuela in support of its development and prosperity . " U.S. President Barack Obama "  At this challenging time of President Hugo Chavez 's passing , the United States reaffirms its support for the Venezuelan people and its interest in developing a constructive relationship with the Venezuelan government . As Venezuela begins a new chapter in its history , the United States remains committed to policies that promote democratic principles , the rule of law and respect for human rights . " Chinese Foreign Ministry "  President Chavez has been an outstanding leader of Venezuela and a good friend of the Chinese people . He has made great contributions to consolidate the relations of our two countries . President Hu Jintao and Chief Secretary Xi Jinping have sent messages to Vice President Maduro to express our deep condolences . Our party , government and people treasure the long-lasting friendship with Venezuela . The two countries will keep working together to deepen this strategic partnership we 've been enjoying , which we believe benefits both countries and their people . " Russian President Vladimir Putin "  Vladimir Putin praised the personal efforts of the Venezuelan leader , through which a solid foundation for the Russian-Venezuelan partnership was laid and strong political ties have developed , large-scale humanitarian and development projects were launched , and expressed his confidence to continue on this path , strengthening and developing the relationship between Russia and Venezuela , " the Kremlin said . Former Venezuelan presidential candidate Henrique Capriles "  In this difficult moment , we should demonstrate our profound love and respect to Venezuela ! Unity of the Venezuelan family ! " Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Ahmadinejad "  expressed his heartfelt condolences to the Venezuelan government and nation on the sad demise of the late President Hugo Chavez , " the official Islamic Republic News Agency reported . Ahmadinejad also "  paid homage to Chavez and referred to him as the symbol of fighters in Latin American history and the forerunner of the establishment of friendship among nations , " the agency said . Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos "  It 's a great loss for Venezuela and for the region . "  For Colombia , and for me in particular , the loss of President Chavez has a special significance . "  Everyone knows we had many differences ... But from the first days of my administration , we decided to put aside those differences to concentrate on the best interests of the people of Venezuela and the people of Colombia . " Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper "  Canada looks forward to working with  Chavez 's  successor and other leaders in the region to build a hemisphere that is more prosperous , secure and democratic . "  At this key juncture , I hope the people of Venezuela can now build for themselves a better , brighter future based on the principles of freedom , democracy , the rule of law and respect for human rights . " Ecuadorian Foreign Ministry "  The national government expresses its solidarity in light of this irreparable loss that puts the Venezuelan people and all the region in mourning and at the same time sends its heartfelt condolences to the family of the late champion of Latin America . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague "  I was saddened to learn of the death of President Hugo Chavez today . As President of Venezuela for 14 years , he has left a lasting impression on the country and more widely . I would like to offer my condolences to his family and to the Venezuelan people at this time . " Nabil Sha'ath , senior Palestinian official "  The death of President Hugo Chavez of Venezuela caused a lot of sadness here in Palestine and in my heart as well as for President  Mahmoud  Abbas , who had a long meeting with him in Caracas that he always remembers . President Chavez stood by Palestine and supported the rights of the Palestinian people all along . " Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter "  President Chavez will be remembered for his bold assertion of autonomy and independence for Latin American governments and for his formidable communication skills and personal connection with supporters in his country and abroad to whom he gave hope and empowerment . During his 14-year tenure , Chavez joined other leaders in Latin America and the Caribbean to create new forms of integration . Venezuelan poverty rates were cut in half , and millions received identification documents for the first time , allowing them to participate more effectively in their country 's economic and political life . "  At the same time , we recognize the divisions created in the drive towards change in Venezuela and the need for national healing . We hope that as Venezuelans mourn the passing of President Chavez and recall his positive legacies -- especially the gains made for the poor and vulnerable -- the political leaders will move the country forward by building a new consensus that ensures equal opportunities for all Venezuelans to participate in every aspect of national life . " U.S. Sen. Robert Menendez , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee "  Hugo Chavez ruled Venezuela with an iron hand and his passing has left a political void that we hope will be filled peacefully and through a constitutional and democratic process , grounded in the Venezuelan constitution and adhering to the Inter-American Democratic Charter . With free and fair elections , Venezuela can begin to restore its once robust democracy and ensure respect for the human , political and civil rights of its people . " U.S. Rep. Ed Royce , chairman of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs "  Hugo Chavez was a tyrant who forced the people of Venezuela to live in fear . His death dents the alliance of anti-U.S. leftist leaders in South America . Good riddance to this dictator . "  Venezuela once had a strong democratic tradition and was close to the United States . Chavez 's death sets the stage for fresh elections . While not guaranteed , closer U.S. relations with  this  key country in our Hemisphere are now possible . " Actor Sean Penn "  Venezuela and its revolution will endure under the proven leadership of Vice President  Nicolas  Maduro . Today the United States lost a friend it never knew it had . And poor people around the world lost a champion . I lost a friend I was blessed to have . My thoughts are with the family of President Chavez and the people of Venezuela . " Share your reactions	News of Chavez 's death drew impassioned reactions from around the world Global leaders and other public figures weighed in on his legacy Obama : The United States reaffirms its support for the Venezuelan people
North Kingstown , Rhode Island  CNN  -- What does Katherine Russell know ? We 're not the only ones who want answers to that question . According to a number of federal officials , investigators have plenty of questions for the widow of slain Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev : What might she have known , if anything , about his activities in the days and months preceding the April 15 bombings ? About his travel and associations ? And then there 's that phone call law enforcement sources say Russell placed to her husband after authorities released pictures identifying him as a suspect in the bombings . What was up with that ? If it sounds like there are more questions than answers , you 're right . Investigators have n't said what , if anything they know about what Russell knew before and after the bombings , which left three people dead and more than 260 wounded . Four people have been charged in connection with the bombing , including Russell 's brother-in-law , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , who is suspected of carrying out the attack along with his brother , Tamerlan , 26 . The older brother died April 19 after a firefight with police , hours after authorities released images of the suspected bombers . Three of Dzhokhar 's friends were charged Wednesday , accused of helping cover his tracks after the bombing . Authorities allege two of the men disposed of potentially incriminating items from Dzhokhar 's dorm room and a bag containing fireworks ; the other allegedly made false statements to police . A laptop belonging to Dzhokhar is now in FBI custody , two federal law enforcement officials told CNN . A lawyer for one of the suspect 's accused friends said his client turned it over . Who is Katherine Russell ? Friends describe Russell , a 2007 graduate of North Kingstown High School , as "  artistic , " "  normal " and "  well-liked , " a fan of the rock singer David Bowie . She had one dustup with the law -- a June 2007 arrest for stealing $ 67 in goods from Old Navy . She acknowledged the theft and gave back the merchandise , according to court records . Later that year , she moved to Boston and enrolled at Suffolk University . Then she met Tamerlan Tsarnaev at a nightclub . Russell dropped out of school her freshman year , converting to Islam before the couple married in a Massachusetts mosque in June 2010 . A daughter , now 3 , came soon after . She reportedly worked long hours as a home health aide while her husband stayed home to care for the child . Did she know ? According to her attorney , Amato DeLuca , the 24-year-old widow knew nothing of plans to bomb the race , and reports of her husband 's involvement came as an "  absolute shock " to Russell and her family . But tantalizing clues that have leaked into public have helped keep the spotlight on Russell , a Rhode Island native . For one , law enforcement sources told CNN last week that a woman 's DNA had been found on a fragment of a pressure cooker used in the attack . Now , that DNA could have come from anyone -- from a clerk at the store where the Tsarnaev brothers allegedly bought the pressure cookers to a victim of the bombings . And even if DNA samples last week show the genetic material was Russell 's , one of the sources cautioned , it would n't prove Russell had done anything criminal at all . After all , lots of people handle pressure cookers every day in kitchens across America . More recently , two sources familiar with the investigation told CNN that Russell had spoken with Tamerlan after his picture appeared on national television April 18 . What exactly the two said remains under investigation , the sources said . Investigators may be able to recover the conversation , said Tom Clemente , a former counterterrorism agent for the FBI . "  We certainly have ways in national security investigations to find out exactly what was said in that conversation , " he told CNN 's Erin Burnett on Monday , adding that "  all of that stuff is being captured as we speak whether we know it or like it or not . " "  It 's not necessarily something that the FBI is going to want to present in court , but it may help lead the investigation and/or lead to questioning of her , " he said . Legal questions More questions arise when it comes to what legal obligation Russell might have had to inform authorities of her husband 's identity once the photos went public . Russell did n't have any legal requirement to call authorities on learning her husband was potentially involved , criminal defense attorney Mark Geragos told Burnett . Spouses ca n't be compelled to testify against each other in criminal cases . "  Maybe from a moral standpoint she would have wanted to do that , " he said . CNN legal analyst Paul Callan said he did n't believe Russell would be able to enjoy "  spousal privilege " against investigators ' questions . "  The wife of a criminal defendant generally gets a spousal privilege " if there is a discussion that happened within the context of the marriage , Callan said . "  It 's protected . That 's what spousal privilege is about . But when the husband dies , and where he has revealed what he has told his wife to a criminal co-conspirator , the communication is no longer confidential and the wife can not claim spousal privilege protection . " The privilege is "  really only meant to protect confidential communications to protect the institution of marriage , " he said . Russell can still assert the Fifth Amendment to protect herself , unless she gets immunity from prosecutors , he said . Defense attorneys often seek immunity for their clients in exchange for providing authorities with information . "  Her lawyer is probably sitting down with her , very worried about the fact that she may face charges herself , depending on the knowledge of the plot , " Callan said . "  She has to have good information to get a deal from the feds , and that 's what we do n't know about at this point -- what kind of information to trade . " Russell 's day-to-day life In the meantime , Russell remains largely out of view inside her parents ' North Kingstown home , a fleet of unmarked law enforcement vehicles outside whenever she is there . The federal presence has caused such a disruption the local police have stepped up patrols in the neighborhood out of concern for the Russell family . She emerges about once a day , often wearing a leopard-print hijab , to travel to her attorney 's office in Providence , where she meets with lawyers and federal investigators . The nature of those meetings remains unclear . While she has not spoken with the public , her attorneys have said Russell is distraught over the loss of life and injuries suffered by bombing victims . "  She cries a lot , " DeLuca said last week . Erin McPike and Aaron Cooper reported from North Kingston ; Michael Pearson wrote from Atlanta ; CNN 's Carol Cratty , Rachel Streitfeld , Susan Candiotti , Deb Feyerick , Gloria Borger and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	FBI , and America , have questions for suspected bomber 's widow Investigators want to know what she knew of her husband 's activities Her lawyer says she knew nothing of plans to bomb marathon She spends her days in her parents ' Rhode Island home
CNN  -- Mexican authorities on Saturday arrested four men in connection with last week 's shooting death of a U.S. Border Patrol agent in San Diego County , California , Mexico 's state-run news agency Notimex reported . U.S. Border Patrol Agent Robert Rosas was fatally shot Thursday night in California , U.S. authorities said . Mexican federal police identified the men as human smugglers , and said they were in the act of transporting 21 immigrants when they were detained in the northwest state of Baja California , Notimex said . At a news conference , federal police identified two of the suspects as brothers Jose Eugenio Quintero Ruiz , 49 , and Jose Evodio Quintero Ruiz , 43 . The other two arrestees were taxi drivers Antonio Badallares Zepeda , 57 and Jose Alfredo Camacho Penuela , 34 , Notimex reported . Border Patrol Agent Robert Rosas was shot and killed Thursday night while responding to a potential incursion into the United States in the Campo area in San Diego County , U.S. authorities said . The Mexican federal police did not offer specific evidence of the suspects ' role in the killing , but said intelligence reports indicated the group was responsible for kidnappings , rapes and murders of several people who tried to cross to the United States , Notimex said . The men were wanted by American authorities , police said . Notimex said that during his interrogation , Jose Eugenio Quintero told investigators the shooter was Ernesto Parra Valenzuela , a man arrested the day before by local police in Tecate , Mexico . Rosas , who is survived by his wife and two young children , had been a border agent for three years . Rosas was the ninth Border Patrol agent to be killed while on duty since 2006 , according to the agency 's Web site . Two agents died in a vehicle wreck in 2006 , and four died in 2007 , including two who died in vehicle wrecks , a third who drowned and a fourth who suffered a heart attack while pursuing undocumented immigrants . Two agents died on duty last year , the Border Patrol said . One died in a single-vehicle wreck ; another was struck and killed by a vehicle driven by a suspected smuggler , according to the agency 's Web site .	Mexican news agency : Four arrested in connection with U.S. agent 's death U.S. Border Patrol agent Robert Rosas gunned down Thursday in California Mexican police say suspects are smugglers of humans News agency : Suspect says fifth man -- arrested earlier -- was shooter
CNN  -- Who would win in a fight : a police-killing , rampage-driven thug or a superhero encased in a technologically superior suit of armor ? "  Grand Theft Auto IV , " released Tuesday , could give "  Iron Man " a run for its money this weekend . The answer could come this weekend when video game enthusiasts find out whether "  Grand Theft Auto IV , " expected to set sales records in the gaming world this week , will steal glory and revenue from a different entertainment empire : the movies . As the hype for "  GTA IV " continues to grow and reviews scream perfection , some speculate that the game will put a dent in Marvel Studios ' opening weekend box office for "  Iron Man . " "  GTA IV " is the ninth incarnation of a video game in which the user acts as a criminal roaming a city . The series has faced criticism for being too violent , because users are allowed to beat , stab , shoot and kill citizens and police officers . "  Iron Man " is a movie based on the Marvel comic book superhero who creates an impressive suit of armor to save his life and help save the world . "  GTA IV " was released Tuesday at midnight and is expected to gross about $ 400 million in the first week . See what makes this violent game so popular " Edward Woo , a research analyst specializing in media and interactive entertainment at Wedbush Morgan Securities , said the game 's release date and widespread reach could negatively affect opening box office numbers for "  Iron Man . " "  People on Friday or Saturday might find themselves at home playing this game instead of at the Cineplex , " Woo said . " ` Iron Man ' will still have a pretty good release , but intuitively , I think it 's got be impacted when both share a similar audience and genre . " Because of the time element the game requires of its faithful -- between 30 and 40 hours to finish depending on skill level -- the question is whether gamers will put down their controllers for a couple of hours and go for a change of scenery . Paramount Vice Chairman Rob Moore said he is n't worried . "  It 's crazy to think that young males ca n't carve out two hours for ` Iron Man , ' " he told EW.com . "  It 's going to be a great week to be a young guy . " Watch why violence in the game concerns some people " This weekend wo n't be the first time analysts have speculated about video games damaging box office numbers . Last year , with $ 170 million in launch day sales and $ 300 million in its first week , "  Halo 3 " was blamed by some for the poor box office performance of "  The Heartbreak Kid , " starring Ben Stiller . Take-Two Interactive , the parent company of "  GTA IV " publisher Rockstar Games , predicted that with 6 million preorders worldwide , the game will bring in more than $ 400 million . "  GTA IV " has a chance of surpassing the movie "  Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End " as the highest-grossing entertainment title in its first week of sales , and that 's across all genres . Electronic Arts CEO John Riccitiello told the Financial Times this month that movie executives told him , " ` Iron Man ' the movie is going to get killed by ` Grand Theft Auto , ' the game . "  I do n't think I 've ever heard of that before , " he said . The video game market is growing at a rate of 20 to 30 percent this year , but the movie industry is n't seeing as much of an increase , Woo said . Overall , video game sales as a whole have eclipsed box office sales , he said , but the movie industry catches up when it comes to DVDs . Ebullient reviews touted the game as "  The Godfather " of video games because of its cult-like following . Andrew Reiner , who reviewed "  GTA IV " for Game Informer , a well-known destination for all things gaming , scored it as a 10.0 / 10.0 under the title of "  Perfection . " "  I now know how film critics felt after screening ` The Godfather , ' " his review began . "  GTA IV " is a "  landscape-changing event that does n't come around very often , " Reiner said . It seems the feelings have translated to the regular consumer too . Gamers from Norway to Britain to America echoed similar sentiments on gaming message boards . D.J. Brotherson from Winnipeg , Canada , said he enjoyed the game so much , he wanted to skip work and keep playing all night , saying it was unlike any game he had ever played . "  The story line is very well-written , " he said , adding that the game "  plays like an interactive Martin Scorsese movie . " "  Today , I was as excited as I was when I was 5 years old and I just got my first Nintendo Entertainment System on Christmas Day . " E-mail to a friend	"  GTA IV " released Tuesday , expected to gross $ 400 million in first week "  Iron Man " opens this weekend , expected to take in $ 50 to $ 60 million Analysts say game release could hurt weekend ticket sales Game reviewer calls "  GTA IV " game "  Perfection "
CNN  -- Before he was even born , Shane Michael Haley had met the Philadelphia Phillies , been to the top of the Empire State Building and shared a cheesesteak with his parents . The priceless moments were part of a bucket list that Jenna Gassew and Dan Haley created after Shane was diagnosed in the womb with anencephaly , a birth defect in which a baby is born without parts of the brain and skull . The life expectancy for babies born with anencephaly is a few hours to a few days at most . The Philadelphia couple made it through the list before baby Shane was born at 2:25 a.m. Thursday , according to their Facebook page , "  Prayers for Shane . " He died a few hours later . "  Today at 6:15 a.m. , after meeting his entire family and being baptized into the Catholic faith , baby Shane died peacefully in his Mother 's arms , " the couple said on "  Prayers for Shane . " "  We are so grateful for the time that we were blessed to hold and hug our son . " The couple 's story touched more than 700,000 people who followed their Facebook page for updates on Gassew 's condition and their bucket list travels from the Jersey Shore to Times Square . "  The support and prayers we have received from all of you have been amazing and we want to thank each of you with all our hearts , " the couple said . "  Shane spent his entire life in the arms of people that loved him unconditionally and I do n't think you could ask for a more beautiful life then that . "  He is home now with the Lord and will forever be our little miracle ! " UPDATE : Over the weekend , the couple 's Facebook supporters were treated to a heartwarming public message written by Jenna Gassew 's father in praise of his daughter and son-in-law . In the post , signed "  Shane 's Pop-Pop , " he said he joined Facebook last week so he could read the "  heartfelt messages and comments " for baby Shane and his parents . He said he was amazed by the "  outpouring of Love and Warmth " on the "  Prayers for Shane " Facebook page and "  humbled " by the couple 's love , courage and determination to give the boy "  a life time of love in whatever time God gave you with him . " The post came after the Facebook page was hacked over the weekend and bombarded with explicit images from an unknown source . The issue had been resolved by Monday morning . . 2012 : Couple pens ` bucket list ' for their baby with fatal illness	NEW : Shane 's "  Pop-Pop " posts heartwarming message after page hacked over weekend Shane Michael Haley was born at 2:35 a.m. Thursday , according to parents ' Facebook page Shane died almost four hours later at 6:15 a.m. His parents created bucket list after Shane was diagnosed with neural condition
Indians awoke on Monday to find their 162-year-old telegram service rendered obsolete , superseded by SMS , e-mail and Twitter . Arguably one of the oldest victims of the digital age , telegrams were the fastest communication method from the 19th century . But Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited  BSNL  , India 's state-run telecommunications company , announced online that "  declining revenues " motivated their decision to end the service . They added that their employees would be transferred to their landline , mobile and broadband divisions . It comes as no real surprise when even the mail has seen better days . The U.S. postal service lost $ 16 billion in 2012 and $ 1.9 billion in the three months ending March 30 . It also used up a $ 15 billion loan from the Treasury . In Britain , telegrams came to an end in 1982 and the queen now sends cards instead of the famous telegram congratulating centenarians and those celebrating diamond wedding anniversaries . The first ever telegram read : "  WHAT HATH GOD WROUGHT ? " and was sent from the U.S. Supreme Court in 1844 in Morse Code from Washington to Baltimore . Unlike letters , many telegrams had the unique characteristic of typed capital letters and an abrupt "  STOP " to mark the end of a sentence . They were usually sent to congratulate , commiserate , or deliver money or urgent news . Possibly one of the most notable tragedies to be conveyed was the sinking of the Titanic ship in 1912 . Bruce Ismay , the head of the ship 's owners White Star Line , sent this message to the headquarters in New York : "  Deeply regret advise your Titanic sunk this morning fifteenth after collision iceberg resulting serious loss life further particulars later . " The shortest ever message was sent by Oscar Wilde  or , according to other sources , Victor Hugo  to his publisher , enquiring about the sales of his latest novel : " ? " wrote the author . " ! " replied his publisher . Many discovered the comical possibilities of such an exchange . American author Mark Twain served a witty one-liner to London in 1897 when his obituary had apparently been published : "  THE REPORTS OF MY DEATH ARE GREATLY EXAGGERATED . " And if a message was misunderstood , humor ensured that all was not lost : "  HOW OLD CARY GRANT ? " a reporter questioned the actor . "  OLD CARY GRANT FINE . HOW YOU ? " was his supposed quip . And it 's not just email , SMS or social media that make some of us inexcusably lazy to talk to someone in the same room . British actor Peter Sellers ' wife Anne answered the door to a couriered message from her husband ordering her to bring him a cup of coffee . He was in the upstairs study . And he did n't even add a "  please " or a "  thank you . " His explanation could have been that words were of the essence in a telegram , since they were charged . However , 10-15 words sometimes cost the same as a single word . In a handy booklet called : "  How To Write Telegrams Properly " published in 1929 , Nelson E. Ross set out telegram etiquette , including an appeal to preserve politeness , regardless of word count : "  A man high in American business life has been quoted as remarking that elimination of the word ` please ' from all telegrams would save the American public millions of dollars annually , " wrote Ross . " ` Please ' is to the language of social and business intercourse what art and music are to everyday , humdrum existence . "  By all means let us retain the word ` please ' in our telegraphic correspondence . " Telegrams marked moments in history or lives and are carefully preserved by individuals , framed in museums , or auctioned to collectors . Many even rushed to telegraph offices on Sunday in India to send a souvenir telegram to their families and friends , or even themselves . But all may not be lost : some global telegram companies are still in operation , even offering iPhone apps to update the service . Also , in Argentina , employees are required to send a telegram when resigning . However , although Twitter may not have the same permanence or command as its predecessor , its success speaks of its convenience : "  Last January -LSB- 2011 -RSB- , we had 6.86 million followers ; today , at the end of December -LSB- 2012 -RSB- , you are 15.4 million strong , " boasts Twitter on their blog . Compare this to around 5,000 telegrams sent by BSNL in India a day and it is easy to see how far they lag behind . Commenting on electronic bill paying , United States Postal Service chief financial officer Joseph Corbett sums up the battle : "  It 's extremely difficult to compete with free . " What are your memories of the telegram ? Share them in the comments section below .	India 's 162-year-old telegram service came to an end Monday India 's state-run telecommunications company said revenue had declined The service has been overtaken by SMS , e-mail and Twitter
Turkish football club Fenerbahce have been excluded from European competitions for two years after the Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  upheld a ban issued by UEFA . Fenerbahce were handed the sanction by European football 's governing body for fixing matches to help the team win the 2011 Turkish Super Lig title . The Istanbul team had been due to enter the second-tier Europa League after losing to English team Arsenal in a two-legged Champions League playoff . Fenerbahce were not immediately available for comment . The CAS also upheld a one-year ban meted out to Ukrainian team Metalist Kharkiv , also for match-fixing . Metalist were replaced by PAOK Thessaloniki in the Champions League qualification competition following the original verdict earlier this month . PAOK were subsequently eliminated by German club Schalke . UEFA will meet on Thursday to discuss who will take Fenerbahce 's place in the Europa League . "  UEFA welcomes today 's decisions of the CAS rejecting the appeals made by Fenerbahce SK and FC Metalist Kharkiv against the UEFA Appeals Body decisions of 15 July 2013 and 14 August 2013 respectively , " read a UEFA statement . "  The UEFA Emergency Panel will meet on Thursday afternoon to decide on the consequences the confirmed exclusion of Fenerbahce SK from the 2013/14 UEFA club competitions will have on the Europa League . "	A two-year European ban given to Fenerbahce upheld by CAS Turkish club banned for fixing matches during title-winning 2010-11 season Ukrainian team Metalist Kharkiv also given a one-year European ban
A fight has broken out between two of the most prominent members of the Republican Party : Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul . In an op-ed for Breitbart News , Paul took a shot at Cruz , without actually naming him , when he wrote , "  I will remind anyone who thinks we will win elections by trashing previous Republican nominees or holding oneself out as some paragon in the mold of Reagan , that splintering the party is not the route to victory . " This was just one more flash point in the ongoing tension that has characterized their relationship . The back-and-forth has captured considerable attention since both men have been discussed as possible contenders for the Republican nomination in 2016 . Each is seen as representing a different faction of the Republican right : Cruz the take-no-prisoners , slash-and-burn conservatives who will do just about anything to obtain their objectives and Paul the libertarian voice pushing back against all forms of government . If Cruz and Paul turn out to be the major spokespersons for the debate about where the Republican Party should go , then the party is going to be in some big trouble . Cruz represents an extremist wing of the GOP that ca n't seem to govern . Since the emergence of the tea party in 2009 , the Republican Party has been shaped by a group of politicians who have been willing to employ extraordinarily aggressive tactics in the pursuit of cuts to domestic spending . Nobody has symbolized this style of leadership more than Cruz . He led the drumbeat to shut down the federal government to force President Obama 's hand on spending and has favored the Republican refusal to raise the debt ceiling . Cruz has also been a master of the filibuster , employing variations of the tactic to bring the Senate to a standstill . This image of obstructionist governance might excite the most loyal activists in the party , but it is not a style conducive to presidential leadership and it is not a style that plays well at a national level . Republicans have suffered greatly in the polls as a result of these kinds of extremist tactics . One recent poll found that four out of five Americans do n't trust the Republican Party . "  That 's just about as bad as it gets , " noted MSNBC host , and Republican , Joe Scarborough . Many Americans question whether the Republicans can govern . A Cruz candidacy would perfectly set up a Hillary Clinton candidacy by allowing Democrats to emphasize her ability to get things done and make the political system work . Rand Paul represents a different problem : He is a politician whose rhetoric is totally at odds with the history of the GOP . Since the 1930s , libertarians have had trouble gaining traction within the party . The reality has been that most Republicans have embraced the federal government as a permanent part of national politics . In the area of national security , the party has been a driving force behind the expansion of the military establishment since the Cold War . While some Republicans like Paul might now rail against the surveillance tactics of the National Security Agency , the recent power of this agency was built on the foundation that Republicans built with the war on terrorism under President George W. Bush . Neither have Republicans been a true small government party in domestic policy . Studies have shown how federal spending has grown more dramatically under Republican presidents , including Ronald Reagan , than Democrats . Most Republicans have avoided cutting most of the big-ticket programs , such as Social Security or farm assistance , while pushing for an expansion of government in other areas , such as Medicare Prescription Drugs . Republican legislators have been as skillful at pork-barrel politics as anyone from the other side of the aisle . Though Paul may claim he will do things differently , Democrats could have a field day challenging the veracity of such claims given the weight of history that he faces . The weaknesses of both men -- Cruz in terms of his style and Paul in terms of his rhetoric -- point out how desperate the GOP is to find someone who can build a broad coalition , something that is essential for a presidential victory , particularly when Republicans will likely be facing a formidable candidate . The problems of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie have been a huge blow to the party , and there are not many alternatives at this point who are willing to run to replace a figure who , in terms of style of governance and rhetoric , would have a better chance of appealing to voters beyond the base . This is the reason former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush is getting so much buzz , as potentially the only other person who can fill this void . If Republicans ca n't find some alternative and the primaries revolve around the tension between Ted Cruz and Rand Paul , Democrats will be in excellent position to retain the White House in 2016 .	Sen. Rand Paul takes verbal shot at his potential 2016 rival Ted Cruz Julian Zelizer says if GOP faces a choice between the two for nomination , watch out He says many voters wo n't back party that 's extreme , obstructionist or libertarian Zelizer : Republicans hurt by Chris Christie 's woes , have to hope for Jeb Bush to run
Swat Valley , Pakistan  CNN  -- After the Pakistani Taliban shot her along with Malala Yousufzai , Kainat Ahmad could n't sleep for two days . By now , millions around the world know how 14-year-old Malala and her classmates were attacked in their school van in the Swat Valley , a bastion of traditional Muslim practices in Pakistan . Malala : A global symbol , but still just a kid Her attackers have vowed to kill Malala for demanding education for girls . Now she 's fighting for her life at an English hospital , listed in stable condition Wednesday and unable to speak . But lesser-known Kainat can , and she shared her story in an exclusive interview . Speaking from her hospital room in Mingora , the 16-year-old described her startled reaction and lingering fears over the attack . Kainat , who was shot in the upper right arm , displayed a thoughtful demeanor as she chatted with CNN journalists She vocalized what her friend Malala long preached : Girls , go to school and study , an idea violently opposed by the Taliban . Read more : Standing with Malala "  I want to tell all the girls to continue their mission to get an education , " Kainat said Tuesday . "  Girls ' education here is more important than boys ' because boys can do any sort of work . However , girls ca n't just do any sort of job . Girls must have respectful jobs so that they can feel secure . " The 10th-grader toughed out the ordeal . She said she has no regrets about defying a group that wants to stop girls from learning . "  God willing , I will continue my education , " she said . The attack occurred on October 9 . Attention has focused on Malala because the Taliban targeted her over activism . The shooting prompted an unusually strong and united reaction of disgust and anger in Pakistan and other countries . Rallies supporting Malala have spread nationwide . Anger has been directed toward the Pakistani Taliban , the extremist group that has claimed responsibility for the shooting and said it will seek to kill Malala if she recovers from her injuries . Read more : Attack on Pakistani schoolgirl galvanizes anti-Taliban feeling The group , which operates in northwestern Pakistan along the border with Afghanistan , has fallen out of favor for such attacks . A 2009 video that emerged of the flogging of a teenage girl in the Swat Valley enraged Pakistanis . Kainat appreciated attention from hospital visitors -- from reporters to government officials -- and was gratified to emphasize the need for girls ' education . "  I ca n't believe what 's happened , but I am happy everyone is here to see me , " she said . She can remember just a snippet of the attack . She said she was talking to her friend about an Urdu-language exam when a male approached . "  He asked , ` Who is Malala ? ' When someone told him , he started firing . Sir , because of this , Malala suddenly fell , " she said . Kainat , who fainted during the attack , could n't describe the shooter . Read more : Millions of children face Malala 's fight for education "  I did n't see anything , " she said . "  I just heard the gunshots . I do n't know what happened . I just passed out . " She woke up in an emergency room . It has since dawned on her that the incident has gone viral , with people across the world viewing defiant female Pakistani students like her and Malala as heroic . So far , the terror has n't worn off as she recovers from her wound . "  I want to tell you that when I think about what happened , it 's still in my head and sometimes it 's terrifying , " she said . The attackers shot a third girl , who also survived . Kainat 's remarks focus on Malala and her classmates . She hopes other girls "  stay ambitious in their studies . " A spokesman for the Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham said Wednesday that Malala "  continued to impress doctors by responding well to her care . " Kainat wants Malala to recover . "  She was good friends with everyone , " Kainat said . "  I hope Malala gets better as soon as possible and comes back to her country and joins us at school again . " CNN 's Reza Sayah and Shaan Khan reported from Swat Valley . Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta .	NEW : Hospital says Malala Yousufzai remains in stable condition Kainat Ahmad , who was shot with the Pakistani teen , spoke with CNN from her hospital bed "  Stay ambitious , " Kainat says to other girls She says Malala was "  good friends " with all
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer began their grass court seasons with straight-sets victories in the first round of the Gerry Weber Open in Halle , Germany . Nadal , playing in his first singles match since winning the French Open at Roland Garros last week , cruised to a 7-5 6-1 win against Slovakia 's Lucas Lacko . The world number two , whose only previous visit to the Halle tournament in 2005 ended in a shock first round defeat to Alexander Waske , was relieved to come though the match after a gruelling clay court season . "  Every hour on court works well for me - on grass - because I do n't have a lot of time to practice . I 'm happy to be through , that 's the main thing . In the second set I think I did everything better , " said Nadal . He will be joined in the quarter-finals at Halle by Federer , who beat Germany 's Florian Mayer . Home player Mayer put up a brave fight against the world number three , with Federer securing a solitary break in each set to seal a 6-4 7-5 victory . Federer will play Canada 's Milos Raonic in the last eight , while Nadal takes on defending champion Philipp Kohlschreiber of Germany . In another Wimbledon preparation event , the Aegon Championships at London 's Queen 's Club , it was a miserable day for world number five Jo-Wilfried Tsonga . The Frenchman suffered a shock first round defeat to Croatia 's Ivan Dodig , during which he suffered a finger injury that could rule him out of Wimbledon . "  I think it 's serious . I will have a scan , but it sounds very bad . I felt like I broke something or I strained it when I fell , " Tsonga told reporters during his post-match press conference . The Frenchman looked out of sorts in a 6-7 , 6-3 , 6-7 defeat to Dodig , who was making his debut at Queen 's Club and is ranked at 69 in the world .	Rafael Nadal wins first singles match since his Roland Garros triumph Roger Federer also reaches quarter-finals of Gerry Weber Open in Halle Jo-Wilfried Tsonga knocked out of Aegon Championships by Croatia 's Ivan Dodig Tsonga fears he may have broken finger during defeat and could miss Wimbledon
CNN  -- The death of Steve Jobs has renewed comparisons to another great innovator who died 80 years ago this month -- Thomas Edison . But there are important differences between the two men . In the 80 years between their deaths , consumers came to dominate the economy , a transformation that was only beginning during the later years of Edison 's life . Steve Jobs was a master at understanding how to create transformative consumer technologies . Although Edison was a key innovator in two consumer technologies -- sound recording and motion pictures -- he struggled to understand the consumer markets he helped to create . His most important technological innovation was the electrical system , which made possible the personal computers , music players and smartphones innovated by Jobs . Edison was also more involved in the day-to-day work of invention than Jobs , and his other great innovation was the industrial research and development laboratory While the differences between Edison and Jobs are important , so , are their similarities . These offer lessons for other innovators . Jobs and Edison succeeded because they were good at envisioning how long-term developments in scientific and technical knowledge could be transformed into new technologies . At the start of his electric light research Edison described his vision for an entire electric light and power system and then used the knowledge of decades of research on incandescent lamps and generators to create the first viable incandescent lamp and the entire electric light and power system that made it commercially viable . Similarly , before developing the Macintosh computer , Jobs envisioned how two decades of work on graphical user interfaces and the computer mouse could transform the way people used computers , and also how the development of touchscreens and miniaturization could be transformed into the smartphone . In developing new technologies , both men focused on the long-term . They understood that innovation does not happen overnight and were willing to commit considerable resources to a process that might result in failure . In fact , both had notable commercial failures . With Jobs it was the NeXT computer , and with Edison it was a method for processing low-grade iron ore . Neither was a technical failure , however , and they became successful elements in subsequent innovations . The software that drove the NeXT computer became an important part of the Macintosh operating system , while Edison 's rock-crushing technology was widely licensed . Edison himself used this technology to enter the Portland cement industry , where he became a major producer by innovating a long rotary kiln that became the industry standard . As part of their long-term vision of innovation , both Jobs and Edison understood that a device that worked well experimentally might not be suited to everyday use . They therefore spent time and resources to ensure their technology was commercially viable before putting it on the market . Jobs publicly demonstrated the first IPhone six months before it was ready for the market . After his first public demonstration of a lamp and lighting system , Edison spent a year on further development before he introduced them commercially . And , after commercial introduction , both innovators continued to fund research to improve their products and keep them at the forefront of the market . Nonetheless , both Edison and Jobs were better at introducing transformative technologies than dominating the markets they created . Finally , Edison and Jobs were masters at using the media to promote both their products and themselves in ways that captured the public imagination . Such promotion , however , was based on a solid foundation of innovation that helped to transform people 's lives . It is for this reason that President Herbert Hoover asked Americans to dim their lights for a minute to honor Edison 's memory . It 's also the reason that on news of Jobs ' death , fans flocked to Apple stores and held vigils -- lit by iPhones . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Israel .	Paul Israel says some have compared Steve Jobs impact to that of Thomas Edison He says there are differences : Edison not in tune with consumer markets but Jobs was He says both were good at harnessing scientific knowledge into transformative technologies Israel : Both had their product missteps but were masters at innovation and media promotion
CNN  -- A grandmother , mother and her child died when a military fighter jet crashed into a house in San Diego Monday , igniting a huge fireball , CNN 's San Diego affiliates and the San Diego Union Tribune are reporting . Fire rages in a San Diego neighborhood where an F/A -18 jet crashed Monday . Another child is missing , authorities said . A search ended Monday when night fell but will continue Tuesday morning , a spokesperson for the medical examiner said . The father is a businessman who was at work at the time of the crash , and was not reached for comment , according to the Tribune . The paper also reported that Monday night , a pastor and congregants at the family 's church , the Korean United Methodist Church of San Diego in Clairemont . The pastor told a television station that the mother was in the home with her two sons -- a 2 month-old and 1 year-old . The mother was a nurse at a hospital . The F/A -18 D plane , which authorities described as disabled , was trying to land at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar . The jet had just performed landing training on a Navy aircraft carrier before the pilot reported having trouble , according to the Marine Corps . See map showing crash site , airfield " "  It was , oh gosh , maybe a couple of hundred feet off the ground . And it was quiet -- I think the engine was off , " said San Diego resident Ian Lerner , who was heading to lunch at a shopping center about a half-mile from the neighborhood of about 20 homes when he saw the jet flying low . iReport.com : See Lerner 's photos "  Then all of a sudden we saw the canopy of the jet explode and go up , and then we saw the pilot blast out of the plane and the parachute open , " Lerner said . Another witness said the jet was flying at a low altitude , and "  just spiraled , right out of -LSB- the movie -RSB- ` Top Gun . ' " Watch witnesses describe the scene " The house was destroyed . A photograph taken at the scene showed the pilot , who ejected safely , sitting on the front lawn , making a call on his cell phone . He was taken the hospital , the Marine Corps said in a written statement Monday . Watch burning debris near crash site " The pilot , whose name was not released , was the only occupant of the two-seat aircraft , according to the Marine Corps . The Tribune spoke with Steve Diamond , a retired naval aviator , who found the pilot in a tree behind a house and helped the man who Diamond said was a lieutenant in his 20s , down from the tree . The pilot told him that after he lost power in the first engine , and that it was decided he would try to get the jet to Miramar on the single working engine , Diamond told the paper . The pilot was in communication with military air traffic controllers before the jet crashed , and the crash site is about two miles  three kilometers  from the airfield , the Federal Aviation Administration said . Burning debris scorched two additional homes and a slice of jet knifed another home . "  This could have wiped out half a dozen homes depending on how it landed , " said Maurice Luque , a spokesman for the San Diego Fire-Rescue Department . See photos of fiery crash site " Inside one of those houses , Robert Johnson sat in the living room with his daughter , Heather Certain , and her 2-year-old son , Nicholas , according to the San Diego Union Tribune . They heard the explosion then saw a giant fireball in their picture window facing their front yard , the Tribune reported . They ran out of the house . "  The house shook like an earthquake , " Johnson said . "  I saw the flames right there in front of my house . " iReporter Chris Morrow of San Diego said she went to the crash site Monday and saw "  Two houses that looked liked they 'd blown up . " One resident interviewed by CNN affiliate KFMB said he saw a fighter jet at a very low altitude , and "  it just spiraled , right out of ` Top Gun . ' " Watch aerial footage of crash site " The Marine Corps said it is investigating what went wrong with the plane . The military has jurisdiction over the crash site . iReport.com : Smoke rises from fiery crash	Officials : Three people in San Diego home killed in crash of F/A -18 One believed to have been in home is missing , officials say Marines : Pilot -- the jet 's only occupant -- ejected safely , was taken to hospital Two homes destroyed in crash about 2 miles from airfield , officials say
CNN  -- Outgoing BP Chief Executive Officer Tony Hayward declared Tuesday that the Gulf of Mexico oil well disaster represents a failure for the entire deepwater oil and gas drilling industry , not just for BP alone . "  The industry needs to re-evaluate safety , " Hayward told investment professionals in a webcast . His comments came after the BP board decided to replace him October 1 with Robert Dudley , the head of the company 's Gulf cleanup effort . "  Everyone will re-evaluate the business model to reduce risk associated with deepwater drilling , " Hayward added . BP maintains that it alone does not deserve all the blame for the April 20 accident and its aftermath , and it intends to pursue legal action to have drilling partners share in the cost of containment and cleanup . Those partners include Transocean , which operated the rig ; Cameron , which built the blowout preventer that failed to shut down the well ; and Halliburton , which cemented the oil drill into place underwater . "  It is clear the accident was the result of multiple equipment errors and human error involving many companies , " Hayward said in the webcast . The project 's contracts include arbitration clauses and BP said it will first approach the issue through that legal avenue . Hayward also defended his record on safety . "  Safety , people and performance have been my watchwords , " he said . "  We 've made significant progress . " The BP CEO , who became the corporate face of the Deepwater disaster had , during his three years at the helm of the British-based oil giant , often spoken of BP 's improved safety record since the 2006 Prudhoe Bay , Alaska , oil spill and the 2005 Texas City , Texas , refinery fire that killed 15 people , which occurred before he took over the company in 2007 . "  From the beginning of the crisis , I 've sought to do the right thing , do it the right way and communicate openly , " said Hayward . "  I believe BP has shown what corporate responsibility really means and I believe that applies to individuals as well as companies , " he said . Eleven workers died when the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and sank in the Gulf of Mexico . From that time until July 15 -- when a cap was sealed over the ruptured well head -- oil spewed into the Gulf at the rate of tens of thousands of barrels a day .	BP CEO Tony Hayward : "  Many companies " in energy industry responsible for Gulf oil disaster BP plans legal action to ensure drilling partners share containment and cleanup costs Hayward says "  multiple equipment errors and human error " caused the accident "  Safety , people and performance have been my watchwords , " Hayward says
CNN  The woman killed in an apparent road rage incident last week returned home to pick up her son and then went back out to find the man now suspected of shooting her , a Las Vegas homicide detective said Tuesday . Tammy Meyers , a 44-year-old mother of four , had been giving her 15-year-old daughter a driving lesson Thursday when she had an encounter with another driver that left her scared and upset , Lt. Ray Steiber told reporters . When she got home , Meyers told her daughter to go into the house , wake up the girl 's brother and have him get in the car . Meyers ' son Brandon , 22 , brought a registered firearm with him . Meyers drove back out of the neighborhood to see if she could find the man , Steiber said . "  The vehicles and persons found each other , " he said . "  Through the course of them finding each other , at one point Mrs. Meyers was following what we consider a suspect vehicle and then at another point they broke apart and Mrs. Meyers went home . " Shortly after Meyers arrived at her house a second time and got out of her car , a gray or silver sedan pulled into the cul-de-sac and a volley of shots was fired . The son returned fire , Steiber said . Meyers was struck in the head by one bullet and was rushed to the hospital , where she died on Valentine 's Day after being taken off life support . Steiber said the family called 911 after Meyers was shot . The driver , described as a man in his 20s to 30 , is about 6 feet tall with medium build . He wore a white V-neck T-shirt . Steiber said authorities believe a bullet from the suspect 's gun killed Meyers , and not one from the son 's firearm . The initial incident came after the suspect was speeding past Meyers as she drove her daughter home from a driving lesson . Seeing the speeding car , the daughter reached over and honked the horn . Steiber said the man pulled in front , stopped his car and came back to the Meyers car . His words scared mother and daughter . They did not say anything to the suspect , Steiber said . Meyers ' husband spoke at a vigil for his wife on Tuesday . He said some of the facts in the case were starting to get twisted by the media . "  My son is not an animal . My son is a hero in my book , " Robert Meyers said . "  There were mistakes like everyone of us have made in our lives . But this particular mistake was made to keep a bigger mistake from happening . And my wife paid the ultimate price for it . " Brandon Meyers said he was trying to protect his family . "  Everyone can think what they have to think , " the 22-year-old said . "  I did it for a reason and I 'd do it for anyone I loved . " Road rage : Cameras and guns only add to the problem	Husband of Tammy Meyers says his wife never did anything bad to anyone Police say the victim went home and picked up her son , who brought a gun , police say Tammy Meyers was shot after she got out of her car outside her home
CNN  -- Major League Baseball on Monday suspended 13 players , including New York Yankees star Alex Rodriguez , after an investigation into the use of performance-enhancing drugs . The league suspended Rodriguez for 211 regular-season games through the 2014 season , but the 38-year-old slugger said he planned to appeal . Twelve other players have accepted 50-game suspensions without pay . A-Rod and the other players are accused of having ties to the now-shuttered Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in south Florida and taking performance-enhancing drugs . Rodriguez has denied the accusation . "  I 'm fighting for my life . I have to defend myself . If I do n't defend myself , no one else will , " he told reporters after the league announced its decision . Twitter reaction to A-Rod ban The last seven months have been a "  nightmare , " he said . It "  has been probably the worst time of my life for sure , " said Rodriguez , "  obviously for the circumstances that are at hand and also dealing with a very tough surgery and a rehab program , and being 38 . " Asked directly whether he had used performance-enhancing drugs , he declined -- repeatedly -- to comment . "  I think we 'll have a forum to discuss all of that , and we 'll talk about it then , " Rodriguez said . Earlier in a written statement , he said that he was disappointed with the penalty and intends to appeal . He thanked family , friends and fans for their support and stressed that he was eager to get back on the field with his teammates . Timeline of Alex Rodriguez 's rise and fall His suspension is set to go into effect on Thursday , the league said . But officials also said that Rodriguez could keep playing if he appeals . He arrived Monday in Chicago , where he played in a night game against the White Sox . The Yankees ' roster listed him in the starting lineup , batting fourth and playing third base . At his first at-bat , Rodriguez was met with boos and some cheers from the crowd . He hit a single to left field . Before the game started , Yankees manager Joe Girardi said Rodriguez 's suspension would n't affect the team . "  He 's here . He 's going to play , " Girardi told reporters . "  It really does n't change anything for us . " What 's next for A-Rod ? Major League Baseball 's sweeping investigation shows a change in how officials handle performance-enhancing drugs , CNN sports reporter Rachel Nichols said . "  It used to be that baseball protected its own , " she said . "  And now we 're seeing other people in the clubhouse , from managers to the players , saying , ` You know what ? Go after these guys . We do n't want them in the game . ' " On Monday , Commissioner Bud Selig said the league had no choice but to investigate the allegations in order to "  maintain integrity , fairness and a level playing field . " "  Despite the challenges this situation has created during a great season on the field , " he said , "  we pursued this matter because it was not only the right thing to do , but the only thing to do . " Sports Illustrated writer Ben Reiter described the suspension of Rodriguez as "  unprecedented . " "  The sheer magnitude of the suspension is just one we 've never seen before , " he said . Union : ` We agree with his decision to fight his suspension ' The league said Rodriguez 's punishment is based on his alleged use and possession of banned performance-enhancing substances , including testosterone and human growth hormone , for multiple years . Officials also accuse him of "  engaging in a course of conduct intended to obstruct or frustrate " their investigation into the matter . The Major League Baseball Players Association said Monday that it 's standing behind Rodriguez . "  We agree with his decision to fight his suspension , " the union said in a written statement , adding that it believed the league 's commissioner "  has not acted appropriately . " Rodriguez 's lawyer , David Cornwell , criticized the league . "  Major League Baseball has gone well beyond the authority granted it in its Joint Drug Agreement and the Basic Agreement , " he said . "  Consequently , we will appeal the discipline and pursue all legal remedies available to Alex. " Opinion : A-Rod got off light Before Monday 's announcement , the Biogenesis scandal had already ensnared one star : 2011 National League MVP and Milwaukee Brewers outfielder Ryan Braun . Last month , Braun was suspended without pay for the rest of this season for violating the league 's drug policy . Yankees : We 're "  focused on playing baseball " The New York Yankees declined to comment on Rodriguez 's suspension until the completion of the appeal process . "  In the meantime , " the team said in a written statement , "  the Yankees remain focused on playing baseball . " The team did say it was disappointed by the suspension of Yankees catcher Francisco Cervelli , who was one of the 12 players who agreed to the 50-game suspension . "  It 's clear that he used bad judgment , " the Yankees said . Major League Baseball issued a statement saying that Rodriguez was being disciplined under both baseball 's Joint Drug Prevention and Treatment Program and the players ' collective bargaining agreement . Under the drug program , "  Rodriguez 's suspension will be stayed until the completion of his appeal if Rodriguez files a grievance challenging his discipline , " the MLB statement said . That is also the usual case for suspensions related to drug offenses under the collective bargaining agreement , but the statement did not specifically address that aspect . Rich contract may be adding on to A-Rod 's woes Impressive record Rodriguez is considered one of the game 's greatest sluggers . He has 647 home runs -- the fifth most ever -- in 19 seasons . In 2009 , he had an outstanding postseason as he helped the Yankees win their most recent World Series title . He holds the largest contract ever in American sports , signing with the Yankees in 2007 for $ 275 million over 10 years . Rodriguez said Friday he believes his contract makes him an attractive target for a baseball ban or suspension . "  There 's more than one party that benefits from me not ever stepping back on the field -- and that 's not my teammates and it 's not the Yankees fans , " he said . Rodriguez has missed the entire 2013 season so far after undergoing hip surgery . Other players suspended The other players suspended by Major League Baseball Monday are : Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Antonio Bastardo San Diego Padres shortstop Everth Cabrera New York Yankees catcher Francisco Cervelli Texas Rangers outfielder Nelson Cruz Padres pitcher Fautino De Los Santos Houston Astros pitcher Sergio Escalona Yankees outfielder Fernando Martinez Seattle Mariners catcher Jesus Montero Free agent pitcher Jordan Norberto Detroit Tigers shortstop Jhonny Peralta New York Mets outfielder Cesar Puello Mets infielder/outfielder Jordany Valdespin De Los Santos , Escalona , Martinez , Montero , Puello and Valdespin are currently on minor league rosters . In written statements , several teams said they backed the league 's decision . Cruz said he had made an "  error in judgment " after an infection left him concerned about whether he would be physically able to play . "  Faced with this situation , I made an error in judgment that I deeply regret , and I accept full responsibility for that error . I should have handled the situation differently , and my illness was no excuse , " he said . "  I look forward to regaining the trust and respect of the Rangers organization , my teammates , and the great Rangers ' fans , and I am grateful for the opportunity to rejoin the team for the playoffs . " Opinion : Do n't let teens follow A-Rod 's example War of words between A-Rod and Yankees CNN 's Adam Reiss reported from New York , CNN 's Jason Carroll reported from Chicago and CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Steve Almasy and David Close contributed to this report .	NEW : The New York Yankees star is booed at Monday night 's game Rodriguez describes the last seven months as a "  nightmare " Major League Baseball suspends Rodriguez for 211 games 12 other players agree to 50-game suspensions without pay
CNN  -- Brazil is into the World Cup semifinals . But its brightest star is out . Neymar fractured his vertebra Friday night during his team 's World Cup quarterfinal win over Colombia and will miss the remainder of the football tournament , team doctor Rodrigo Lasmar told reporters after the game . The 22-year-old got kneed in the back during a second-half collision with a Colombian player . He rolled on the ground afterward , then cried in apparent pain while being taken off the field on a stretcher . "  It 's not serious in the sense that it does n't need surgery , but he 'll need to immobilize it to recover , " said Lasmar , according to a story on the official website of FIFA , which runs the World Cup . "  Unfortunately , he 's not going to be able to play . " His loss is a huge blow for Brazil , which entered the World Cup with steep expectations given its traditional excellence in the sport -- it has won more championships than any other country -- and the fact it is hosting the tourney for the first time since 1950 . As one woman dressed in a Brazilian national team jersey told CNN on Friday night in Rio de Janeiro , "  It 's like we have lost today . " "  It 's terrible , terrible . I 'm so sad , " she added regarding Neymar 's injury . "  But let 's go on . " Many in Brazil still have a bitter taste from that World Cup decades ago , when the host lost in the finals to Uruguay . It 's not like the next game would have been easy regardless . In the semifinal Tuesday , Brazil will face Germany , which is undefeated in the tournament and handily toppled France earlier Friday . The final game will take place July 13 . Neymar is not the only one unavailable for the semifinal : Thiago Silva , the squad 's captain , will also miss the game after getting his second yellow card on Friday -- which automatically rules him out of his next game . Neymar has been the face of his team in his native Brazil and around the world . He has scored four goals , more than anyone else on his team and anyone in the tournament besides Colombia 's James Rodriguez .  Argentina 's Lionel Messi and Germany 's Thomas Mueller also have four goals , like Neymar . A standout with the Brazilian club Santos , Neymar moved last summer to one of the world 's richest , most successful clubs in FC Barcelona . Messi , his teammate there , was among those who offered their regrets that Neymar is out of the World Cup and their best wishes for a speedy recovery . The legendary Argentinian posted Friday night on his Facebook page : "  Neymar , I hope you recover very soon , friend ! " CNN 's Harry Reekie , Fred Pleitgen and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : Argentinian star Lionel Messi says : "  I hope you recover very soon , friend ! " Neymar fractured a vertebra during Brazil 's World Cup win , team doctor says He is out for World Cup semifinal and , if Brazil beats Germany , the final One Brazilian fan says , "  It 's like we have lost today "
CNN  -- The $ 1 billion patent dispute between Apple and Samsung picked back up in federal court in San Jose on Thursday , with both sides arguing over issues of damages amounts , bans on product sales and allegations of dishonesty on the part of the jury foreman . In August , a nine-person jury awarded Apple just more than $ 1 billion in damages from Samsung after three weeks of complicated and technical testimony . The jurors found that Samsung copied the iPhone and iPad designs for its own smartphone and tablet models , and calculated the damages amount using 109 pages of jury instructions and a 20-page verdict form . Now Apple is pushing to increase the amount of damages it was awarded by several hundred million dollars , and to ban Samsung from selling certain products that infringe on Apple patents . Samsung is fighting to chip away at the enormous settlement amount or to have it thrown out . As part of its strategy , the South Korean company is asking for a new trial , alleging that the foreman of the jury was willfully dishonest by not divulging he was sued by his former employer in 1993 , a company in which Samsung had invested . Judge Lucy Koh did n't make any rulings on the various post-trial motions on Thursday , but said she plans to issue the orders separately over the next month . A protracted legal battle after a jury verdict is not unusual in a case this large and complicated , and was expected by legal experts . "  It shows that there is a careful process ; the judge does get to review what the jury has done , " says law professor Jay P. Kesan of the University of Illinois . Each side is armed with impressive and expensive legal teams that are also fighting smaller battles in other countries . While those legal costs are likely astronomical , they are dwarfed by what 's at stake : a global smartphone market that is expected to be worth $ 150 billion by 2014 . Currently , only 50 % of mobile phones in the world are smartphones , which means there 's a huge untapped market of potential smartphone customers . The judge urged both sides to reach a settlement , claiming it was best for consumers , the industry and both parties . "  I think it 's time for global peace , " she said . However , a settlement still looks unlikely at this point -- both parties were made to meet before the trial began to discuss a settlement but nothing came of it . In court on Thursday , Samsung indicated it was willing to reach an agreement , saying the ball was in Apple 's court . Apple , however , wanted more . It said the awarded damages , which are for past infringements , are not enough to discourage Samsung from copying Apple patents in future smartphones and tablets . "  The key issue is whether there 's going to be a permanent injunction . That 's probably the hardest thing for Apple to get , " said Kesan . He said the chance of a retrial was also very remote .	Apple was awarded $ 1 billion in damages for patent infringement by Samsung in August The case was back in court in San Jose on Thursday , though no new orders were issued Samsung wants to lower the damages amount or to have a retrial Apple wants to raise the amount and ban Samsung from selling infringing products
CNN  -- HTC is dipping its toes in the camera market with the new Re : a supersimple handheld action camera that pairs with a smartphone . The L-shaped Re camera looks like an inhaler or small periscope . Just under 4 inches high , the waterproof gadget is mostly handle . It turns on when you grip it and features a fixed ultra-wide-angle lens , a single button and no viewfinder . It captures 16 megapixel still images and shoots 1080p HD videos at 30 frames per second or 720p videos at 120 frames per second . Though it works independently , the Re does a lot more when used with its Android or iOS apps . The apps can turn a smartphone into a viewfinder and make it possible to shoot time-lapse and slow motion videos . Why is HTC , traditionally a smartphone company , making a camera ? In a way , all smartphone makers are already in the camera industry . Starting with Apple 's iPhone , smartphone manufacturers have mostly obliterated the point-and-shoot by putting powerful cameras in everyone 's pocket . Part of the problem was that traditional pocket cameras just could n't catch up fast enough with the editing and instant sharing features smartphones offered . HTC is approaching its camera from a different angle : It 's built as a phone accessory . Though aimed at a more casual user , Re is similar to the many portable action cameras available . Led by the hugely popular GoPro , action cameras have taken off in recent years . Rugged and powerful , they can be mounted on vehicles , heads and animals for intense videos . Like GoPro , the Re will have a line of custom mounts and clips . It can shoot up to 1 meter underwater . HTC says the camera will be available before the end of the year and cost $ 199 . It comes in white , navy and red . The Taiwanese company announced the new camera on Wednesday , along with the Desire Eye smartphone . Built to capitalize on the selfie craze , the Desire Eye puts its most powerful camera on the front side of the phone , so people can get the highest quality image of their face and make sure they look good at the same time .	HTC announces new handheld action camera The Re is a small waterproof camera with just one button and no viewfinder Like the popular GoPro , the Re is meant for capturing action shots
CNN  -- When Hurricane Irene hit , 11-year-old Zahir Robinson and his mother took shelter on a bed in the upstairs bedroom of their apartment in Newport News , Virginia . Just after noon on Saturday , an "  extremely large tree " toppled by the high winds smashed into the room and pinned the youth beneath it , according to local police . Despite frantic efforts to remove the tree , including the use of a large crane to lift it , the boy died -- one of 15 fatalities in six states so far from the storm . Eight of the deaths involved falling trees or limbs broken off in the hurricane . While the prospect of toppled trees and crashing limbs is easy to imagine , planning against such a threat is difficult . In North Carolina , three of the six known deaths were tree-related , while the lone death reported in Maryland involved a tree falling on a house and all four deaths in Virginia -- including Robinson 's -- were caused by overturned trees . "  I am saddened to learn of this unfortunate tragedy , " Newport News Mayor McKinley Price said of Robinson 's death . "  My thoughts and prayers go out to the family of this young child . I urge our residents to take all precautions necessary to remain safe during and after this storm . " Falling trees or limbs snapped off in high winds pose a particularly difficult threat to avoid . The size and weight of a toppled tree , which can exceed 10,000 pounds , make it an unstoppable force , while the random nature of falling tree limbs pose an unpredictable danger . When Hurricane Fran hit North Carolina in 1996 , half the 24 deaths there involved falling trees or limbs , according to information posted online by the Renaissance Computing Institute at East Carolina University . "  Before hurricane season , assess your property to ensure that landscaping and trees do not become a wind hazard , " the National Hurricane Center warns on its website . "  Trim dead wood and weak / overhanging branches from all trees . Certain trees and bushes are vulnerable to high winds and any dead tree near a home is a hazard . " CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Eight of the 15 deaths reported involved toppled trees or falling limbs The fatalities include an 11-year-old boy in Virginia Police identify the boy as Zahir Robinson
Kiev  CNN  -- Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko announced Monday on Twitter that he has dissolved the nation 's parliament . Elections are scheduled for October 26 , the President wrote . "  Dear compatriots , Today I have taken a decision to early dissolve the Parliament , " he said in a post written in English . Also Monday , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov did n't rule out that Russian President Vladimir Putin might have a direct meeting with Poroshenko when the two attend a trade meeting in Belarus on Tuesday . "  Russia is ready to take part in the Ukrainian crisis settlement in any format that might lead to their national unity , " he added . Lavrov told reporters that Russia hopes to send a second humanitarian aid convoy to Ukraine this week . "  Russia has notified the Ukrainian foreign ministry of its intention , " he said . Last week , a convoy of Russian trucks crossed that country 's border into eastern Ukraine without Kiev 's authorization . In total , 227 vehicles were sent into territories held by pro-Russian rebels on Friday , according to the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , which has an observer mission at the checkpoint the convoy went through . They all had returned to Russia by Saturday afternoon . Russia said the vehicles were on an essential humanitarian mission and that it was satisfied with the deliveries , but international powers condemned it as a violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty . Officials in Kiev referred to it as an invasion . The U.S. State Department expressed concern over news of a possible second convoy . "  Any new missions done without the explicit permission of Ukraine would be another provocative measure that would only escalate a situation President Putin claims he wants to resolve , " spokeswoman Jen Psaki told reporters . "  So , you ca n't say one thing and do another and expect the international community to believe that there is legitimate or credible intentions behind your words . ' Rebels parade captured Ukrainian soldiers in streets of Donetsk Donetsk : Photos of a besieged city draining of life CNN 's Matthew Chance in Moscow contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. concerned that Russia is talking about sending another convoy to Ukraine Ukraine will hold elections October 26 , President Petro Poroshenko says Russian official does n't rule out potential meeting between Vladimir Putin , Poroshenko
CNN  -- Rafael Benitez 's reign as coach of Inter Milan has lasted only six months after the European champions terminated the Spaniard 's contract on Thursday . The 50-year-old 's position has been in doubt since last Saturday when he demanded that the Italian club 's owner Massimo Moratti back him with support in the January transfer window . Following Inter 's Club World Cup final success in Abu Dhabi , Benitez angered Moratti when he criticized the board for not investing in new players after he took over from treble winner Jose Mourinho in June . He leaves with Inter through to the second round of the Champions League , but languishing seventh in the Serie A table -- 13 points behind leaders and city rivals AC Milan . Rafa Benitez 's old tricks backfire in Italy "  F.C. Internazionale and Rafael Benitez wish to convey that , together and with mutual satisfaction , they have reached an agreement for the early cancellation of their working partnership , " the Serie A side said in a statement on its website . "  F.C. Internazionale would like to thank Rafael Benitez for his work in charge of the team , which he guided to success in the Italian League Super Cup and in the FIFA Club World Cup . " Benitez received a reported $ 6 million payoff when he left English club Liverpool on June 3 , and is now expected to receive more compensation for the rest of his two-year deal with Inter . His agent was in talks with Inter this week , as Moratti initially refused to comment on Benitez 's future . The club statement said Benitez "  would like to thank F.C. Internazionale for the important professional experience and for the victories achieved together . " Benitez has been back in England this week during the Italian season 's winter break , as he still owns a house in Liverpool . Italian football expert Gabriele Marcotti told CNN that rumors of former AC Milan coach Leonardo taking over from Benitez are true . "  I think the club 's dream coach would be Luciano Spalletti , but he is at Zenit St Petersburg on a huge contract so that 's not going to happen , " said Marcotti . "  Right now , the front runner seems to be Leonardo , who managed AC Milan last year . He 's a very intelligent guy , who found the influence from above a little too much at Milan . "  Inter are run differently from Milan and I would welcome his possible appointment . I think it would be a progressive choice . "	Rafael Benitez officially sacked by Italian champions Inter Milan on Thursday Rumors had been rife all week after the Spaniard criticized club bosses in Abu Dhabi The 50-year-old former Liverpool manager had 18 months of his contract still to run He took over from Jose Mourinho in June but Inter have struggled in Serie A
CNN  -- Its name is Black Beauty , and it has traveled a long way to tell you about its home : Mars . This meteorite , discovered in northern Africa , contains preserved materials from the Red Planet that are 4.4 billion years old , say scientists in a new study published in the journal Nature . Black Beauty , they say , may be the first identified example of crust from ancient Mars , and its age suggests that the planet 's crust formed within the first 100 million years of Mars ' existence . "  It 's just pressing its nose against the creation of Mars , " lead study author Munir Humayun , a professor at Florida State University , said of the meteorite . What 's more , the rock contains 10 to 30 times more water than any previous Martian meteorite , suggesting it was derived from a water-rich environment , said University of New Mexico professor Carl Agee , who was not involved in the Nature research , but separately studies Black Beauty . It is unlike any other Martian meteorite ever found , he said . "  If I were going to start looking  for evidence of past Martian life  , this would be the first place I would go , to this meteorite , because it is a sample from the surface , " Agee said . It 's really old , older than we thought Black Beauty contains zircon crystal grains that are 4.4 billion years old , according to the new study . That 's only about 100 million years after the solar system 's first dust condensed . "  Since it takes time to build up a crust , and to allow that crust to process itself until it can start growing zircons , it 's pretty amazing that we have such ancient zircon , " Humayun said . What 's more , said Humayun , the oldest crusts of the Earth and moon formed at around the same time . Although scientists have found zircons that are almost that old on Earth , only one -- discovered in Western Australia -- is around the same age . But five zircons in this Martian meteorite alone -- some of the first zircons to come to Earth from Mars -- seem to date to 4.4 billion years old . "  A very large portion of the Martian crust must be very ancient , " Humayun said . Humayun 's sample of Black Beauty , officially called NWA 7533 , is about the size of a fist , but all pieces of the meteorite together total about 1.5 kilograms  3.3 pounds  . Earth sees a lot of meteorites generally ; about 100 tons of rocks come in from space every day , said Don Yeomans , manager of the Near-Earth Object Program Office at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory . But rarely do we find Martian rocks . Less than 100 have been found , Humayun said . A large meteor impact on Mars , about 5 to 11 million years ago , was enough to eject material from the crust and into space in the form of this meteorite , Agee said . Cosmic ray exposure measurements suggest it was floating in space for all this time . Black Beauty had initially been described in a Science study published in February , led by Agee , which dated it to about 2.1 billion years old . But since then , Humayun and colleagues found the rock contains materials that are 4.4 billion years old , and published their new findings this week . Agee said his group has independently confirmed Humayun 's results regarding the age . What accounts for this discrepancy ? Agee said his first result may have been for the bulk rock -- that is , an average age of all of the rock types embedded within it . It 's likely that the earliest formation of the meteorite was at 4.4 billion years , Agee said , but it continued to be shaped by geological processes for another 2 billion years before it blasted off into space . Agee and Humayun continue working on different Black Beauty samples separately , but not as rivals , said Agee . In fact , they are good friends . "  Two labs working completely independently coming up with similar conclusions is much more convincing than if you 're all part of the same gang , " Agee said . Different than other meteorites NASA 's most powerful and sophisticated rover on Mars , the 2-ton Curiosity , has given plenty of insight into the planet 's former habitability since it landed there last year . But even it can not do a great job of dating rocks . On Earth , scientists can better estimate ages because they can measure the amount of trace elements in rocks , not just the most common elements . The trace elements -- those that are present in tiny quantities in a particular sample -- can be more indicative of the processes that led to the formation of meteorites than common elements , Humayun said . The trace element iridium , present in this meteorite , indicates that it came from a mysterious area of Mars called the southern highlands . That makes Black Beauty the first known resident of the southern highlands to get to Earth . Other samples from Mars that have reached Earth have been coming from the Martian Northern Hemisphere , which has low , flat plains . The Southern Hemisphere , by contrast , has a lot of craters , Agee said , meaning it 's about 3.8 billion years old or older . Given its newly confirmed age , Black Beauty is one of the oldest samples scientists have seen from Mars . The other possible contender for that title is the famous Allan Hills meteorite , which has been dated to a similar time frame . NASA announced in 1996 that the Allan Hills meteorite , discovered in Antarctica , contained evidence of primitive life , but that conclusion has since been disputed . Agee noted futher that the Allan Hills sample is a chunk of bedrock , and would not have interacted with water and the surface environment the way that Black Beauty did . In the meantime , scientists are also probing Black Beauty for ancient Martian fossils . So far none have turned up , Agee said , but there could still be chemical byproducts of primitive life hidden in the rock samples . Clues to Martian history Mars had a lot of volcanic activity when Black Beauty 's zircons formed 4.4 billion years ago , Humayun said . Volcanic processes would have released water , carbon dioxide and nitrogen , which were trapped inside the interior of Mars , creating a "  a very quick , thick atmosphere , perhaps even an ocean on the surface . " In other words , we 're talking about "  very livable conditions " at that time , Humayun said . "  If there was a biosphere on Mars ever , this is the time it would have originated , " he said . Unfortunately for whatever life may have existed then , these processes happened very early in the history of Mars . The planet then underwent heavy bombardment by asteroids and comets , forming the craters in the southern highlands and knocking the atmosphere and oceans off the planet . On Earth , a biosphere emerged after our own planet was bombarded , and took advantage of abundant sunlight . The cold , dry conditions at the surface of Mars today are so hostile that nothing could survive , Humayun said . But Black Beauty may hold clues to what might have lived early in the planet 's history . "  We will be looking inside this rock for evidence of early micro-organisms that may have left behind chemical traces , " he said . How it got to scientists Recovered pieces of the meteorite , found in 2011 , are now the subjects of intensive study . But they did n't just crash-land on scientists ' desks . A thriving business has emerged in Northwest Africa among nomads who wander the Sahara Desert collecting fossils and other interesting rocks and sell them . That 's how Black Beauty first got to a dealer , who sold it to a private collector in Indiana , who then gave it to Agee to look at . The rock sat on Agee 's bookshelf for two months . He was n't even sure that it was a meteorite . Finally , he decided to cut into it and see what it was . "  It was shiny black on the outside , and when I cut into it , it was still very black , but it had also white specks and sparkling specks , and it looked really different than anything I 'd ever seen , " Agee said . The Moroccan dealer who bought it from nomads called the meteorite "  Black Beauty , " a name that has stuck among scientists working on it , Agee said . Once the word got out that Black Beauty was from Mars , the nomads scoured for more pieces of the meteorite , some of which ended up with Humayun . Any meteorite buff who sees Black Beauty would be "  struck by its odd beauty , " Agee said . "  It is just a gorgeous sample , " he said . "  It 's so different . I always say to everybody , ` It 's my favorite meteorite of all time . ' " As scientific investigations continue , researchers may find even more reasons to praise Black Beauty . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau	Meteorite has materials from Mars that are 4.4 billion years old It has 10 to 30 times more water in it than any other Martian meteorite Scientists will analyze it for chemical traces of life No fossils have been found in this meteorite
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan has released Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar , one of the founding members of the Afghan Taliban , foreign ministry spokesman Aizaz Chaudhry told CNN on Saturday . Baradar , who had been held in a secret location , used to be the organization 's second-in-command , after Mullah Mohammed Omar himself . "  Afghan President 's office welcomes the release of Mullah Baradar from jail in Pakistan , " Aimal Faizi , spokesman for Afghan President Hamid Karzai , said on Twitter . Pakistani officials this month announced their plans to release Baradar "  in principle . " Baradar was captured in 2010 in Karachi , Pakistan 's largest city , which is known to be a haven for many militants from across the country and its bordering regions . This is the second peaceful overture by the newly elected Pakistani government to neighboring Afghanistan . On September 7 , it released seven Taliban figures to facilitate the peace process . That release came just two weeks after Afghan President Hamid Karzai visited the capital of Islamabad and stressed Pakistan 's assistance in a path to peace . Karzai has long pushed for Baradar 's release ; his government was suspected to be in secret talks with the wanted militant when he was captured . The Afghan Taliban said this month that it welcomed the Pakistani government 's plan to release Baradar and that it was assessing the wider situation . "  Pakistan 's move to release seven top commanders at the weekend and plans to release Mullah Baradar is a positive development . We 'll respond as things shape up over the coming days and weeks , " spokesman Zabiullah Muajhid told CNN at the time . A spokeswoman for the U.S. Embassy in Islamabad , Meghan Gregonis , had said Pakistan and Afghanistan should have proper coordination to "  ensure releases are effected in a responsible manner . " Baradar had been under United Nations sanctions since February 2001 , with his assets frozen and travel banned . The U.N. had forbidden selling weapons to him .	Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar was a founding member Baradar was captured in 2010 in Karachi , known to be a haven for militants Pakistan 's new government is making peace offerings to neighboring Afghanistan
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged Syrian President Bashar al-Assad on Wednesday to accept the six-point U.N.-Arab League plan offered by envoy Kofi Annan as a way to halt the violence in Syria . "  Take this path . Commit to it . Or face increasing pressure and isolation , " Clinton said addressing al-Assad and "  his regime . " The plan won support from the U.N. Security Council earlier in the day , an action Clinton called a "  positive step . " "  The council has now spoken with one voice , " she said . "  It has commanded a U.N.-supervised cessation of violence in all its forms , beginning with a pullback from population centers by the Syrian government and its forces , humanitarian access to all areas in need , and the beginning of a Syrian-led political process to address the legitimate aspirations of all the Syrian people that will lead to a democratic transition . " Asked whether the plan is enforceable , Clinton said , "  The unanimous support by the Security Council for this plan will add quite significant import to the discussions . " In the meantime , Clinton said , the United States is working on multiple fronts . For one , Annan , the joint U.N. and Arab League special envoy on Syria , is meeting with the Syrian government and with the opposition . In addition , she said , the United States is coordinating with the United Nations on the delivery of humanitarian aid and working with the Syrian opposition to "  strengthen its preparation to participate in the Syrian-led transition process . " Furthermore , the United States also is calling on the Syrian opposition to refuse orders to fire on their fellow citizens as well as working with the Syrian business community on implementing the Annan plan .	The six-point plan for halting the violence in Syria won unanimous Security Council approval "  The council has now spoken with one voice , " Clinton says Meanwhile , she says , the United States is working on multiple fronts
From the rooftop of a mosque in the Cairo district of Nasr City , I watched as thousands of supporters of deposed Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy frantically waved posters and chanted angrily . Moments before they heard that the man who , just a year ago , had been declared Egypt 's first ever democratically elected president had been ousted . The people who had jammed into Tahrir Square on June 30 , 2012 to celebrate his inauguration were shocked and enraged . When long-serving President Hosni Mubarak was toppled from power two and a half years ago , it was the beginning , not the end , of a revolution that has yet to run its course . Prior to 2011 , the presumption among many Egyptians and foreign observers alike was that the long-suffering people of Egypt had an almost bottomless reserve of patience , that as long as they could feed their families , they would put up with whoever was in power . The uprising that banished Mubarak unleashed energy and a passion that shows no sign of diminishing . If Morsy thought his election victory a year ago , in which he won 51.7 % of the vote , was a mandate , he was sorely mistaken . But Morsy 's head never lay steady atop the state . The police never trusted him -- nor did Christians . The army was suspicious and the business community dubious . Many voted for Morsy simply because they saw him as the lesser of two evils , running against former Mubarak stalwart Ahmed Shafiq . One activist I spoke to , who only gave his name as Abdel Hadi , compared the two candidates during the presidential elections . "  You have two drugs , " he told me . "  One , Ahmed Shafiq kills you , and the other , Morsy , gives you a bad stomach ache . They 're both bad , but Morsy 's drug is light . It does n't kill you . So we 'll give Morsy four years . If he does n't work out , we 'll come back to Tahrir and bring him down . " Abdel Hadi 's words , spoken in June 2012 , were prophetic . Analysis : What is Muslim Brotherhood ? The night before the massive anti-Morsy demonstrations on June 30 , in a packed Tahrir Square , I found people already convinced their president of just one year was soon to be history . "  He 's out , he 's over , he 's finished , " one man shouted to me . "  We 've gone downhill all the way in that year , economically , security wise , " said Abdal Rahman , a businessman . "  It 's over . They 've split Egypt in two , Islamists and non-Islamists . We 're all Muslims and we 're all believers . Our conflict was a political conflict . They 're switched it to a religious conflict . " Many Egyptians were deeply offended that Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood put their identity as Muslims before their identity as Egyptians . This is a country profoundly proud of its rich heritage , and quick to take offense at those who seem to disregard its place in history . Last November , many were appalled when a Muslim radical , Morgan Al-Gohary , appeared on talk show on a private TV channel and declared if he and his ilk ever came to power they would destroy some of Egypt 's most revered monuments . During the program , he claimed he took part in the demolition of Afghanistan 's Bamiyan Buddha statues in March 2001 . The show 's host , Wael Al-Abrashi asked , "  So you would destroy the sphinx and the pyramids ? " Al-Gohary : "  Yes , we will destroy them , if they were worshiped before or afterwards . " One guest , clearly repulsed , told Al-Gohary , "  You do n't know the history of your country well . The pharaohs were the first to know religion in the world . " The Sphinx and the pyramids , he continued , "  are mankind 's heritage and not the property of the Egyptians alone , they are the property of all mankind . " Although neither Morsy , nor the Brotherhood , ever advocated such a course of action , many questioned their intentions and accused the Brotherhood of harboring barely concealed intent to turn Egypt into a Taliban-style Islamic state . That was an intangible complaint . Others were more blatant . The economy withered under Morsy , as Egyptians suffered through frequent and prolonged power cuts and fumed in long lines outside petrol stations . Morsy 's promises of prosperity and security never materialized . So the people mobilized . The country 's powerful army , responding to the millions in the street , forced Morsy from power on the evening of July 3 . But in the brave , new Egypt , no one gives up without a fight . The celebrations in Tahrir were mirrored by angry demonstrations outside Cairo Univeristy and in Nasr City . "  No one is going to take our vote , " a woman shouted to me in front of the university . "  These are legitimate elections , " exclaimed her husband . "  All the people have approved his legitimacy . He is our legitimate president . How can he -LSB- Defense Minister Abdel Fatah Al-Sisi -RSB- take this from us ? " Morsy 's sudden transformation , from president of the Arab Republic of Egypt , to prisoner , reminded me of something newspaper editor Hani Shukrallah had told me just one year before , on the eve of Morsy 's victory . Egyptians , he said , now "  have a sense of their own rights . They have a sense of their personal dignity . They perceive themselves as citizens and this is something that is new for an old guy like me . They look at the state as their servant and not their master . " Morsy , their servant , did a bad job so they fired him . The real revolution in Egypt is not in the streets . It 's in the mind .	Wedeman : President Mubarak 's removal marked start of revolution yet to run its course Uprising unleashed energy and a passion that shows no sign of diminishing For many President Morsy failed to deliver on promises so he had to go Journalist : Egyptians now look at the state as their servant and not their master
CNN  -- There 's never a bad time for a toga party , right ? The story of Perseus -- the bastard son of Zeus who takes on the mighty Kraken -- will endure long after Louis Leterrier 's enjoyably cheesy movie has been forgotten  or , inevitably , remade in 4D  . But for now , and for young men especially , Leterrier 's version is the one that counts , and it will just have to do . It 's a mixed bag : Three credited screenwriters have labored in the footsteps laid down by the 1981 Ray Harryhausen "  classic "  hardly his finest hour  -- that is , they 've taken the myth as an excuse to showcase as many special effects sequences as they can muster . That 's not a bad strategy when it 's clear from the laughably clumsy opening that they have n't a clue how the ancient Greeks spoke to one another . The clunky dialogue is delivered in various shades of tone deaf Antipodean , English , Irish and European by the likes of Sam Worthington  Perseus  , Gemma Arterton  as his spiritual guru/love interest  and Liam Neeson  Zeus  . Neeson 's old "  Schindler " nemesis Ralph Fiennes brings a touch of class to Zeus 's brother Hades , while the great , growly , scene-stealing Mads Mikkelsen  Le Chiffre in "  Casino Royale "  makes the strongest impression among the mortals . Mikkelsen 's only serious competition in the scenery-chewing stakes comes from the Kraken itself , a toothy sea monster who is built up for an hour and three quarters , then comes on for five minutes -- wisely does n't say a word -- and walks away with the picture . In Harryhausen 's day , effects meant stop-motion photography of artfully modeled monsters , including a three-headed dog  excised here  and a golden mechanical owl  who makes a cameo appearance for old time 's sake  . Today 's CGI creatures may not have the same charm , but they 're considerably more agile and fluid , and the action scenes have tremendous dynamism . Leterrier comes from "  The Incredible Hulk " and "  The Transporter , " and he 's evidently more comfortable running than walking . A showdown with gigantic angry scorpions is the movie 's first big set-piece , and it 's exciting enough to make you forget you 've seen these critters before -- or something very similar , in "  Transformers . " The three Graeae are ghastly , touchy-feely crones with one eye between them , and Medusa is a giant snake who slithers around her lair like a heat-seeking missile - though I preferred the aplomb Uma Thurman brought to the role in "  The Lightning Thief . " Like his namesake Percy Jackson , Perseus has daddy issues -- he 's a demi-god who wants to prove he 's all man . After "  Avatar " and "  Terminator Salvation " Worthington has cast-iron credentials on that score . We can see why Perseus would resist invitations to join the Immortals . Mount Olympus looks like a colossal bore , a resting home for eternity . You wonder what they find to talk about all day . At least on Earth there are monsters to mash and quests to be quested . iReport : Critic says "  Avoid at any cost " If it 's bad enough to be good in places , there 's no excuse for the film 's abominable retro-fitted 3D , a process that perversely flattens out the images into two planes , foreground and background , and renders this one of the ugliest epics in history . It 's a shame to see filmmakers jumping on a bandwagon like this , and missing . You 'd be well advised to seek out the picture 's 2D venues -- or wait for the DVD .	Sam Worthington plays the role of Perseus in "  Clash of the Titans . " The story of Perseus , the bastard son of Zeus who takes on the mighty Kraken There 's no excuse for the film 's abominable retro-fitted 3D
BRUSSELS , Belgium  CNN  -- European leaders agreed Friday to send an 1,800-strong security force to maintain stability in Kosovo , although they stopped short of backing independence for the province . French soldiers at the NATO-led peacekeeping mission in Kosovo last month . Kosovo is expected to declare independence from Serbia early in the new year . Serbia , however , insists the region should remain autonomous within its borders . Speaking at the end of a one-day summit of European heads in Brussels , Jose Socrates , the Portuguese prime minister currently holding the European Union presidency , said that sending the security mission was a "  political decision . " The police and security force is expected to be deployed to the Balkan state ahead of an announcement of independence . "  This is the clearest signal that the EU could possibly give that it intends to lead on the whole issue of Kosovo 's future , its status and its role in the region , " Socrates said . According to CNN 's Robin Oakley in Brussels , European leaders are trying to balance an obvious readiness to back Kosovan independence with incentives to Serbia , which is seeking membership of the EU . EU leaders are deeply conscious of their failure in the early 1990s to move early enough to prevent the bloodletting in the Balkans over the break-up of the former Yugoslavia , he said . Although most EU leaders support Serbia becoming a member state to boost stability in the Balkans , French President Nicholas Sarkozy said that Serbia 's membership is dependent on it recognizing Kosovo 's independence and handing over war criminals . Socrates confirmed to CNN that any fast-tracking of Serbia into the EU could only be considered if it agreed to hand over Ratko Mladic , the Bosnian Serb general wanted at the The Hague for suspected war crimes . Two years of negotiations on the future status of Kosovo ended in failure earlier this week , when talks mediated by Europe , the United States and Russia ended without an agreement . The disputed province is dear to the Serbs , Orthodox Christians who regard it as Serbian territory . But it is equally coveted by Kosovo 's ethnic Albanians , Muslims who have a 90 percent majority . Since 1999 the United Nations has been running the province with NATO peacekeepers , who still number 16,000 . Oakley said the EU mission to Kosovo would help to ease the handover from the U.N. to local authorities . E-mail to a friend	European leaders agree to send 1,800-strong security force to Kosovo Kosovo expected to declare independence from Serbia in new year Serbia insists region should remain autonomous within its borders
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It may have taken the "  right stuff " -- a macho blend of youthful bravado and reckless adrenaline -- to get the first people into space , but if you want to be an astronaut today , be warned , it 's no longer a young man 's game . ESA 's Columbus lab is attached to the International Space Station . "  Forty five is the best astronaut age , " says Gerhard Thiele , an experienced spaceman who , as flight operations chief for Europe 's answer to NASA , now commands a team with an average age of 50 . You would n't know it to look at the fresh-faced applicants who turned out at the launch of an European Space Agency recruitment drive in London on Thursday , but age is clearly an issue for would-be astronauts among the thousands ESA hopes to attract . While successful candidates are expected to visit the International Space Station in the near future -- spending up to six weightless months cruising above Earth 's atmosphere in ESA 's new Columbus lab -- they wo n't fulfill the ultimate goal of visiting the moon , and eventually Mars , until much later in their careers . "  Let 's make the assumption that humans will be walking on the moon in the 2020s , if you look at the age of the applicants -- let 's start with 35 -- in 10 years from now they are aged 45 , which is the best astronaut age , " elaborates Thiele , still pushing the final frontier himself at the age of 54 . And while you did n't exactly have to be a rocket scientist to join the original space missions  the U.S. Mercury and Apollo programs recruited many test pilots  , if you want to stand a chance against other heavily-qualified applicants , it 's certainly an advantage . "  I already have a masters degree in physics and astrophysics a PhD in astronomy , I 'm a scuba diver , I speak basic beginner 's to advanced Russian , and I have flying experience , " one hopeful , Tracy Parker , tells CNN . ESA expects up to 50,000 people to apply to become one of its new astronauts when online applications go live on May 19 . A rigorous battery of medical , psychological and physical tests is expected to whittle these down to a final 40 . Even to make it to the prodding and poking stage , candidates will have had to brandish qualifications including , says ESA : "  A university degree in natural sciences , engineering or medicine , and preferable at least three years of related postgraduate professional experience , or flying experience as a pilot . " For those who make the cut , the pay is good , if not exactly out of this world . Astronauts will enjoy a basic salary of at least $ 80,000 , but according to ESA human resources chief Frank Danesy , there is unlikely to be overtime for those six-month Space Station stints . "  There is no bonus for flying into space , other than flying into space itself . " he says . Would-be astronaut Parker , who has dedicated her life to becoming an astronaut since watching the movie "  Space Camp " at the age of 12 , insists blasting-off would be reward enough . Despite the likely stiff competition Parker , 29 , says she "  hands down " expects to one day make it into space . "  For so long I 've looked up and seen the moon , and to actually get out there ... that 's going to be such an amazing feeling . " ... . Would you want to be an astronaut ? Would you want your children to become astronauts ? Leave your views and comments in the Sound Off box below and we 'll publish the best .	European Space Agency launches hunt for new astronauts Missions could include trips to moon and perhaps Mars Astronaut chief says 45-year-olds make best spacemen
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The doors to the headquarters of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference civil rights group have been welded shut and padlocked , an escalation in a power struggle between two factions claiming leadership of the organization , the two sides said Tuesday . The doors were discovered shut Monday night . The Rev. Markel Hutchins , a recent aspirant to the organization 's presidency who claims to be on the board , said the doors were welded and padlocked to keep the current leadership out of the headquarters building . "  They refused to leave the building , and under the law you ca n't remove them forcibly , " Hutchins told CNN affiliate WSB . "  So what we had to do was make certain we secured the building while no one was inside to protect the safety and security and the integrity of the organization . " "  I am troubled by this conduct . It is the act of reckless individuals , " SCLC Chairwoman Sylvia Tucker said in a statement released Tuesday . "  Hutchins has no right to be on SCLC property , " Tucker said . "  His conduct of vandalizing and damaging SCLC property proves that Hutchins will do anything to try to control the SCLC . " Tucker and her faction say that Hutchins has never been on the board of the SCLC or been a national officer for the organization . The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was one of the co-founders of the SCLC , which was formed in 1957 to coordinate protest activities across the Southeast , the group 's website says . The organization has seen a power struggle dating back about a decade , said Ralph Luker , a retired professor who specialized in the civil rights movement and has been an observer of the SCLC . But the current crisis stems from accusations that former officers diverted SCLC funds into non-SCLC accounts , he said . Those charges remain under investigation . A former chairman and former treasurer were removed from the board , and those who backed them formed the faction that is quarrelling with the current leadership . Hutchins aligned himself with the faction backing the ousted leaders , Luker said . Hutchins ran for SCLC president last year but was defeated by Bernice King , Martin Luther King Jr. 's daughter . He was then appointed to the board by the faction led by the ousted chairman , a move that a judge has since ruled invalid . "  That essentially is what this is about : who effectively is going to control the organization , " Luker said .	Action comes amid power struggle between factions claiming leadership of SCLC The Rev. Markel Hutchins : Doors secured to keep current leadership out of the building Sylvia Tucker : Conduct "  is the act of reckless individuals " Hutchins wants to lead SCLC , claims to be on board ; Tucker is SCLC chairwoman
CNN  -- Is it "  Titanic " for the faithful ? "  Noah , " starring Russell Crowe and directed by Darren Aronofsky , opened in theaters today , and the critics have plenty to say about the epic . For the most part , it appears the critics appreciate the efforts of both Crowe and Aronofsky -- who is best known for controversial films such as "  Requiem for a Dream " and "  Black Swan " -- even if they do n't think the pair quite pull it off . Jordan Hoffman of Screen Crush says , "  This film 's inscrutable oddness -- and the willingness to take chances -- brought me to a place that could not have predicted . During the film 's third act I had no idea how this movie was going to end . Seriously . Even more exciting , once the credits rolled , I had to spend some time to work out how I felt . In fact , I 'm still thinking about it . " "  Dark " is how Nathan Adams of Film School Rejects describes the big-budget flick . "  There 's a tension that runs through the whole film about who you should be rooting for , or if it 's even possible to root for anyone in this situation , " he writes . "  Noah goes to such dark places over the course of the movie that it 's impossible to keep relating to him as a protagonist  sometimes to the point of comedy , intentional or otherwise  , and it becomes necessary for the narrative to switch its viewpoint from character to character . " The headline for Alonso Duralde 's review for The Wrap reads , "  Darren Aronofsky 's biblical ` Waterworld ' mostly runs aground . " Duralde says that "  Unlike the thousands of CGI beasts of the land and air who hitch a ride on ` Noah , ' Darren Aronofsky 's highly-anticipated epic is neither fish nor fowl ; in no way is it a straightforward Bible tale  and given the brevity of Genesis ' account of the flood , such a thing would be next to impossible  nor is it the sort of unfettered freak-out that fans of ` Black Swan , ' ` Pi ' or ` The Fountain ' would expect from its director and co-writer  with Ari Handel  . " HitFix 's Drew McWeeny writes that "  Noah " "  is not just one of the most ambitious films I 've seen this year , it 's one of the most ambitious films I 've ever seen . It 's a movie that is spilling over with ideas and images and emotional explorations of the metaphysical . " Opinion : Is ` Noah ' sacred enough ? Ty Burr of the Boston Globe says the film is "  equal parts ridiculous and magnificent . " And while noting that Crowe "  turns out to be perfectly cast in the title role , " Burr writes that "  The parts of ` Noah ' that do n't work really , truly do n't . But the parts that do almost sweep you away in the flood . " As the Washington Post notes , the film has had its fair share of controversy , including complaints that there is a lack of mention of God in the film . Post film critic Ann Hornaday calls it a slightly different take on the biblical story and writes , "  The result is a movie that is clearly deeply respectful of its source material but also at times startlingly revisionist , a go-for-broke throwback to Hollywood biblical epics of yore that combines grandeur and grace , as well as a generous dollop of goofy overstatement . "  Viewers may not agree about what they 've seen when they come out of ` Noah , ' " she said . "  But there 's no doubt that Aronofsky has made an ambitious , serious , even visionary motion picture , whose super-sized popcorn-movie vernacular may occasionally submerge the story 's more reflective implications , but never drowns them entirely . " Likewise , Peter Travers of Rolling Stone cautions , "  My advice : Hold off on burning Aronofsky at the stake till you see Noah , a film of grit , grace and visual wonders that for all its tech-head modernity is built on a spiritual core . The Brooklyn-born Aronofsky and his Harvard roomie and writing partner , Ari Handel -- ` two not very religious Jewish guys , ' says the director -- are hellbent on making their Noah relevant for believers and skeptics alike . "	Darren Aronofsky 's "  Noah " opens today Critics applaud the effort , even if they do n't think it entirely works One calls the film one of the most ambitious he has seen
Vladimir Putin always understood that the old ways would no longer do . He had witnessed the errors of 20th century dictatorship firsthand as a KGB agent stationed in Dresden during the last years of the Cold War . The young Soviet officer was shocked at how "  totally invasive " the East German police state 's surveillance was of its own citizens . In 2000 , reflecting on those years on the eve of his first term as Russia 's president , Putin said , "  I only regretted that the Soviet Union had lost its position in Europe , although intellectually I understood that a position built on walls and dividers can not last . But I wanted something different to rise in its place . And nothing different was proposed . " More than a decade later , something different has risen to replace the totalitarian models of old . Modern strongmen are more sophisticated and cunning then their twentieth-century predecessors . These savvy authoritarians eschew the most heavy-handed methods -- mass executions , disappearances , brutal crackdowns -- as an extreme last resort . Instead , subtle forms of coercion are preferred . Rather than have its activists roughed up , a human rights organization is more likely to be shuttered for fire-code violations . These regimes are fluent in the language of democracy and human rights , and may even establish human rights commissions -- despite being the chief perpetrators of any abuses . Laws are written in vague terms and then applied capriciously against those who question the regime 's ways . And fear is always a potent weapon . "  My father used to say that he would rather live in a dictatorship like Cuba , " one Venezuelan activist told me . "  At least there you know if you criticized the government , they would put you in prison . Here they rule through uncertainty . " Of course , elections are de rigueur in modern dictatorships -- and not the absurd sham polls of the Soviet Union that always left Brezhnev with 99 percent of the vote . Today the ballot stuffing usually stops at 70 percent . Everyone understands that it is better to appear to win a genuine election -- which means you need the opposition to win some votes -- than to participate in a clear charade . There is something Darwinian about the way that authoritarianism has evolved . Because , in many ways , it has never been harder to be a dictator . In the past 20 years , the democracy promotion business boomed . Many dictatorships lost their chief lifeline with the collapse of the Soviet Union . The internet , satellite communication , and smart phones make it incredibly difficult for a regime to keep its worst crimes secret . In 1989 , the Chinese Communist Party tried to strong-arm CNN off the air before they mowed down protesters on the roads leading to Tiananmen Square . If people assembled in the square today , the regime 's response would be captured on a thousand iPhones . In response to these pressures , the smartest regimes did not close themselves off from the world or seek to become the next North Korea . Police states hold no appeal . Instead , they evolved . In Russia , the Kremlin has responded to protests by passing a raft of laws that enable the authorities to squash activists with fines and prison sentences . In Venezuela , Hugo Chavez has engineered the electoral rules with some of the world 's most sophisticated gerrymandering . In Jordan , the government has proposed one reform after another -- without ever curbing the monarchy 's true power . In China , the Communist Party altered its social compact with its people , granting them greater personal freedoms in exchange for keeping tight control of their political rights . In Malaysia , the ruling party promised to relax its rule -- right before it banned street demonstrations . When people responded in protest , Prime Minister Najib Razak referred to them as a "  sign of a mature democracy . " It was the perfectly tailored reply of the modern authoritarian . In a world of unfettered information and open borders , we should understand authoritarian regimes for what they are . They are not the outgrowth of a certain culture , history , or level of economic development . Rather , they are conscious , man-made projects that must be carefully built , polished , and reinforced . But it makes no difference if a regime has developed innovative strategies , political tools , or social controls if it does n't use them . No matter how sophisticated these regimes may be , some are finding that their methods are wearing thin . Since the announcement of Putin 's return for a third presidential term 12 months ago , Putin and the Kremlin have demonstrated a remarkably tin ear . The trial of Pussy Riot is just the most recent example where the regime has appeared flatfooted -- unnecessarily politicizing issues that make it appear overweening and abusive . Putin has now lost the support of much of the urban middle class and young people -- a group that always polled highly for Putin -- and his ruling party 's brand is in shambles . As one activist told me , "  It is no longer cool to be pro-Putin . " That is an important loss for a regime that banks on the apathy of its citizens . In Venezuela , Chavez 's prospects are in question . The past month has been his worst politically , with a string of disasters and accidents that underline how much the state has crumbled under his watch . Workers -- if ever he had a core constituency -- recently booed El Comandante at a rally . Although his control of the media , oil wealth , and state machinery keeps him formidable , it is increasingly clear  to Venezuelans of all political stripes  that the country is reaching a breaking point . Of course , Syria offers a daily reminder that some dictatorships still opt for a bloodbath . In 1982 , Hafez Assad brutally ended an uprising in the Syrian city of Hama . It is estimated that between 10,000 and 40,000 Syrians were slaughtered in a month . Bashar Assad chose to follow his father 's example in crushing his own rebellion . The difference is that in 1982 the elder Assad could be confident that he could perpetrate his crimes with impunity . His son 's regime looks less tenable by the day . No matter what happens , Assad 's government will never win back its legitimacy . Apparently Assad never learned that the old ways would no longer do .	Dobson : Sophisticated authoritarians replacing old totalitarian regimes Fear , election-fixing , legislation are tools of the modern strongmen , Dobson says Despite their sophistication , methods of regimes like Putin 's are wearing thin Dobson : Syria 's Assad is reminder that some dictatorships still prefer a bloodbath .
It might all have remained a dark secret , if a young man who was an alleged victim of sexual abuse had n't written a letter to the Vatican . And then gotten a surprise phone call from Pope Francis , according to a Spanish digital newspaper . On Monday , Spanish police arrested three Catholic priests and a religion teacher on suspicion of abusing a minor , Spain 's interior minister announced . A court statement from Granada confirmed the arrests of four people "  for a case of sexual abuse , " and said it would hear initial charges before a judge within three days . The investigation is under seal . The arrests came a day after the Archbishop of Granada and other clerics took the unusual step of prostrating themselves in the cathedral during Sunday Mass , "  asking forgiveness for the sins of Church , for all of the scandals that have , or might have , occurred among us , " the Granada Archdiocese website reported . The archbishop usually does that once a year , on Good Friday , but he lay on the floor of the cathedral Sunday due to the seriousness of the allegations , a Granada Archdiocese spokeswoman said . The archbishop earlier had removed an unspecified number of priests from their duties , pending an investigation , she said . The arrests of three priests in a single day over sexual abuse allegations is the biggest case of its kind in Spain , said a spokesman in Madrid for the Spanish church leadership , known as the Episcopal Conference . Since 1997 , 10 priests have been convicted of sexual abuse , in individual cases , most recently in 2010 , the spokesman said . But this latest case caught the attention of the Vatican and the Pope , thanks to a man , reportedly now 24 , who wrote to the Vatican to say he was sexually abused when he was underage by church figures in Granada . The Spanish online journal Religion Digital published what it said was a conversation between Pope Francis and the alleged victim from August 10 , with the Pope asking for forgiveness in the name of the church . The alleged victim was cited with a fictitious name , Daniel , Religion Digital reported , adding that 12 people , 10 of them priests , were under investigation . The Pope has called for "  zero tolerance " of sexual abuse by clerics and has said Catholic bishops "  will be held accountable " for failing to protect children from such abuse .	Police arrest Catholic priests and teacher in Granada , Spain , on suspicion of sex abuse Spanish online journal : Pope phoned alleged victim , sought forgiveness for church Arrests of three priests in a single day is biggest case of its kind in Spain , official says Court in Granada set to hear initial charges within three days
A police cruiser draped in black banners and topped with a rose sat in front of the Jupiter , Florida , police department Monday morning , paying testament to a 20-year department veteran killed Sunday while helping escort President Barack Obama through Palm Beach County . Officer Bruce St. Laurent , 55 , was traveling with the presidential motorcade around 4:45 p.m. Sunday southbound on Interstate 95 through West Palm Beach when he pulled his motorcycle onto an on ramp , so he could stop traffic from accessing the highway , according to a statement released Monday by Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office spokeswoman Teri Barbera . The statement said St. Laurent drove into the path of a 1994 Ford F150 driven by Susan Holloway , 56 , of West Palm Beach , as she was accelerating to merge onto the interstate . Holloway hit the brakes to avoid the crash , but she hit St. Laurent 's motorcycle , knocking the officer from his motorcycle and trapping him under her pickup when the vehicles came to rest , the statement said . Jupiter Police Chief Frank Kitzerow said St. Laurent was transported to nearby St. Mary 's Medical Center , where he died Sunday . Barbera told CNN the statement details preliminary findings , and the ongoing investigation "  could take months . " When the Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office and the Florida Highway Patrol complete their investigation , state attorneys will determine whether any charges will be filed in the case . CNN senior photojournalist Peter Morris , who was in the motorcade , said this presidential caravan was longer than normal . In addition to the standard package of SUVs , he said three buses , including the president 's campaign bus , comprised Sunday 's motorcade south through Florida . Morris said motorcycle police often act as escorts and handle intersection control for motorcades . This is at least the fourth fatal accident in recent years involving motorcycles accompanying motorcades for presidents or presidential candidates . In November 2006 , three Honolulu motorcycle officers crashed on a rain-slicked road escorting President George W. Bush 's motorcade . One of the officers died several days later from his injuries . The following August , an Albuquerque police officer was killed in a crash as President Bush 's motorcade arrived at the airport . Then , in February 2008 , a Dallas police officer was killed in a motorcycle crash during then-presidential candidate Hillary Clinton 's motorcade . Kitzerow visited St. Laurent 's family Monday morning to discuss funeral services , and memorial information will be made public when it is finalized , Jupiter police spokesman Sgt. Scott Pascarella said Monday . He added that in addition to the squad car memorial in front of the Jupiter police station , radio station 103.1 WIRK Country was there , raising money for St. Laurent 's family . The Jupiter Police Department was working on setting up an account at a local bank to gather money for the slain officer 's family as well , Pascarella said . WPTV : Officer honored in Jupiter St. Laurent was born in Fall River , Massachusetts , in 1957 , but moved to Jupiter in 1973 , and had lived there ever since , according to a memorial statement on the town of Jupiter 's website . He began his decorated career with the Jupiter Police Department in 1992 . Three times , most recently in 2008 , St. Laurent was named "  Officer of the Quarter , " and in 1996 , he was selected as "  Officer of the Year , " according to the memorial . The memorial also credited St. Laurent with contributing to his community in several ways , including playing Santa Claus at local holiday events , helping high school students with physics experiments and helping Habitat for Humanity build houses for the needy . President Obama was notified of the death , White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters after Air Force One landed Sunday night in Washington . Carney added that the president 's thoughts and prayers were with the officer 's family . The crash happened near the front of the president 's motorcade , and Obama did not see it , Carney said . The White House spokesman said no other vehicles from the motorcade were involved . St. Laurent is survived by his wife of more than 30 years , Brenda , and four children , according to the memorial statement .	Police release details of accident that killed officer Bruce St. Laurent during motorcade The 20-year veteran of the Jupiter Police Department died Sunday Community members are honoring the officer with memorial , fundraising for family
CNN  -- Police say a Camden , New Jersey , man had the audacity to return to the jail where he posted a $ 400 bond with counterfeit bills , demanding a refund . Ronald T. White was charged with shoplifting July 7 , but his bail was incorrectly written up . When he found out , authorities say , he returned to the Cinnaminson , New Jersey , jail the following week to demand his money back . White appeared in Burlington County Superior Court on Thursday , and this time his bail was set far higher . According to Cinnaminson Police Chief Steven Fowler , the department issued a warrant for White 's arrest after his counterfeit bail posting of $ 400 , but because he was a Camden resident , it was out of jurisdiction . Though Camden police were alerted to the claims , they were n't exactly banging down his door . "  Even though it was a $ 5,000 warrant for his arrest , they have bigger issues over in Camden , being the murder capital of the world , " Fowler said . White had posted bail using at least two bills bearing identical serial numbers , police say , and the serial numbers also matched those on one of the bills found on him when he returned to the Cinnaminson jail to reclaim his extra $ 200 . Upon further inspection , Fowler said , the counterfeit bills White used to post bail were of poor paper quality , although the printing appeared very accurate . The duplicate serial numbers were the giveaway , he said . "  He was surprised that he was discovered , " Fowler said . Burlington County prosecutor 's office representative Joel Bewley said that because White did not produce the counterfeit bills but merely attempted to purchase goods with them , the official charge was theft by unlawful taking . On Thursday , at White 's first appearance in Superior Court , his bail was set at $ 7,500 , because of outstanding charges from Camden County added on to the Burlington County charges . White 's case will be presented before a grand jury within six weeks . In the meantime , until he can post bail with legitimate bills , he will be held at Burlington County Jail .	New Jersey police say man used counterfeit money to post $ 400 bail On discovering error in bail , he returned to jail to ask for money back , they say Bills ' identical serial numbers , poor paper quality were giveaway , police chief says
There 's romance in our National Parks , and not just the human kind . A self-described hopeless romantic , park ranger Margaret Adams likes to lead the full moon night hikes at Cuyahoga Valley National Park in Ohio . You 'll have to leave your flashlight behind as you head out at dusk , and Adams likes to change her route , so all you 'll know is that the full moon will light the way and it will last about two hours . You might encounter animals stirring in the night . During February 's full moon hike , Adams and her hikers spotted a couple of deer ahead and later , a pair of coyotes . That 's part of the magic at Cuyahoga Valley Park , which was created as a National Recreation Area on December 27 , 1974 , and was named a National Park on October 11 , 2000 . Park stats : Cuyahoga Valley National Park is the 10th most visited National Park in the country with 2.3 million visitors last year .  Great Smoky Mountains National Park came in first place with 9.7 million visitors .  The park 's boundaries encompass nearly 33,000 acres . About 5 % of the park  or 2,400 acres  are still privately owned . The location : Cuyahoga Valley National Park is between Akron and Cleveland in northeastern Ohio , along 22 miles of the Cuyahoga River . If you go : There 's no fee to enter the park , although there are admission fees for some concerts and other programs . Meet our ranger : Margaret Adams did n't expect to fall in love with Cuyahoga Valley when she started as a seasonal ranger there in 1999 . She had grown up in nearby Canton and had only spent a little time there during summer camps and other trips . Adams was studying elementary education at the University of Akron , and her love of the park caught her by surprise . "  I decided that by the time I walked the stage at graduation , you need to have decided if you 're going to be a teacher or park ranger , " she said . The park chose her : She was offered a spot in the park 's junior ranger program for the summer and was hired permanently in 2000 . "  I 'm still a teacher . I just have a different classroom . " "  There 's nothing better than seeing a little kid looking at their Junior Ranger book , " she said . "  I tell them , ` It 's your national park . ' And then they take ownership . " Fourteen years later , she credits the serenity and tranquility of the park with keeping her multiple sclerosis in check . "  My neurologist ca n't believe I 'm still doing this job , " she said . "  I told him it 's because of this job that I 'm doing this well . " For a day trip , do n't miss : Brandywine Falls . The 65-foot Brandywine Falls serves as Adams ' spiritual retreat in the park . "  My mother and two ladies from our church rode the train up one Sunday , and I took them on a little tour , " she said . "  I work on Sunday , and I told them , ` You do n't need to worry about me . ' I showed them I can connect right here  at the falls  . The water is flowing . It 's very serene and calming . All three of them said they got it . " Brandywine Falls is an excellent example of the geology of waterfalls : A layer of harder rock capping the waterfall , with layers of softer rock below . It 's also wonderful history lesson , as the waterfall was a source of power for a sawmill built in 1814 . While most of the town surrounding the falls is gone , the house built by the sawmill owner 's son is operated as a bed-and-breakfast . If you have a little more time , head to the Ledges Overlook and Beaver Marsh , said Adams . At the Ledges , perhaps the most popular overlook at the park , you can see the entire Cuyahoga Valley . Sunsets are particularly spectacular . It 's an easy walk from the parking lot or you can enjoy the 2.2 mile loop trail . "  I love sitting there and looking at the vastness , " she said . "  It 's open space and very serene . " "  There is so much activity at Beaver Marsh because the beavers come out , and there are a lot of birds down there , " said Adams . She 's seen a great blue heron landing to catch a fish , snakes and snapping turtles . Favorite less-traveled spot : Indigo Lake . Formerly a sand and gravel quarry , a tributary filled it with water and now it 's a great place to fish , said Adams . "  It 's a beautiful and serene lake , " she said . "  It 's not a huge lake , and it 's very tranquil . " Favorite spot to view wildlife : Oak Hill Trail . Adams has spotted great blue herons and heard the frogs during her fall hikes to see the changing colors . "  You 're hiking in the woods and you come into a clearing at Sylvan Pond , " she said . She has also led full moon hikes there , which the park has every month in different locations when the moon is full . Most magical moment in the park : Adams had gone to the Grand Canyon in 2000 for training , and she says she did n't really appreciate her home park until she got back . "  I was driving back into work when something clicked and I realized how much I loved this place . Having been surrounded by the sunburnt colors of the Grand Canyon , I saw how much I loved the color green . I really appreciated this park . It was just the right size for me . " Funniest moment at the park : "  When I started working here , a lady asked where she could walk her pet llama , " said Adams . The park has programs with horses , but Adams had never worked with llamas . She took the question up the park 's chain of the command and discovered that llamas are indeed allowed , with restrictions . "  A llama is considered a pack animal , and so she could walk her llama on a leash on any of the bridle trails , " on the same trails where horses are allowed . A ranger 's request : Please do n't feed the animals , she said . "  We tell people , but they do it anyway . It 's not good for them . They need to do things on their own and not depend on us . " If you see a hurt animal , tell a ranger . Some animals can bite if scared or provoked . Another park she 'd like to visit : Hawai'i Volcanoes National Park , with its active volcanoes , is the next National Park on Adams ' bucket list . She may be able to get there through a 6-to-9 month park ranger swap .  Check out the park website before you plan a visit , since some sections of the park may be closed because of volcanic activity . "  That one looked awesome with the volcanoes going off and hitting the water , " she said . "  It looks surreal . " What 's your favorite national park and why ? Please tell us in the comments section below .	Ranger Margaret Adams finds serenity and peace in the park 's waterfalls and lakes No flashlights are allowed on her "  full moon " hikes , which usually start at dusk Enjoy the snapping turtles , blue herons and coyotes living in this national park
CNN  -- Prosecutors on Monday for the first time sought to link Washington Mayor Vincent Gray to campaign finance irregularities stemming from his successful 2010 bid as well as an effort to cover them up . The allegations were made during a hearing at which a local businessman , Jeffrey Thompson , pleaded guilty to conspiracy for masterminding a nearly $ 670,000 illegal "  shadow campaign " for Gray in 2010 , federal prosecutors said . Moreover , prosecutors publicly claimed Gray was aware of the illegal fundraising and had agreed with Thompson to cover it up . Thompson was expected to cooperate with the government and could receive a reduced sentence . Gray has not been charged with any wrongdoing . But his campaign has been the focus of a long-running federal investigation . Four of his top campaign aides as well as others have pleaded guilty to felonies related to the shadow campaign . The probe had clouded much of his lone term . With his eyes set on reelection this year , Gray has adamantly denied having anything to do with Thompson 's activities and repeated that through his campaign manager on Monday . "  I have already responded to that again and again and again and again and again , " Gray told CNN last year , "  I did n't do anything -- period . " His campaign manager , Chuck Thies , said Thomson is difficult to believe . "  Jeff Thompson has lied and conspired and manipulated elections and politicians and people for years . It is impossible to believe anything he says . His actions prove that he is not to be believed , " Thies said . "  I think the voters in D.C. are smart enough to know that an admitted felon is difficult to believe . And when given the choice to believe Vince Gray or Jeff Thompson , that can be no choice , " he said . Gray 's challengers are now leveling allegations of cronyism and pay-to-play against Gray and have tried to make ethics are major aspect of the campaign . According to prosecutors , Thompson allegedly used the code name "  Uncle Earl " when dealing with Gray . They alleged in court documents that Thompson , 58 , used his companies to funnel millions of dollars in off-the-book contributions to various federal and city candidates . None of the candidates were identified by name in the charging documents , but prosecutors said in court Gray was a key recipient of the funds . Thompson and his unnamed co-conspirators allegedly disbursed "  approximately $ 668,800 in excessive and unreported corporate contributions to pay for campaign services and campaign materials in coordination with and in support of " Gray 's campaign , the papers said . Thompson was also charged with passing on more than $ 600,000 in unreported campaign contributions to a presidential candidate in 2008 . "  In the Thompson charging documents , boilerplate language is used to describe all the campaigns that Thompson sought to illegally influence :  Hillary  Clinton 's , Gray 's and many others , " said Thies . "  We urge the media to be cautious when reporting the facts of this case and avoid the innuendo that our political opponents will gladly promote as gospel , " said Thies . "  Mayor Gray called for this investigation . Mayor Gray has always said he did not break any laws , " he added . CNN 's Dan Merica contributed to this report .	For first time , prosecutors say Mayor Vincent Gray knew about campaign finance irregularities Local businessman pleads guilty to masterminding "  shadow campaign , " prosecutors say Mayor has long claimed he did nothing wrong in 2010 and is running for reelection
If an airline loses or delays your bag , can you trust it to let you know how much money you 're entitled to ? One passenger says do n't count on it . She 's suing Delta Air Lines for breach of contract , alleging that the carrier leaves fliers in the dark about the compensation they 're entitled to when their bags vanish . The U.S. Department of Transportation requires airlines to pay up to $ 3,300 per passenger if bags are "  lost , damaged , delayed or pilfered " on a domestic flight . But lawyers for Susan Miller say Delta "  uniformly and systematically " ignores this rule and often tells passengers they are only entitled to $ 25 to $ 50 a day in expenses . Delta has not responded to a request for comment , but it 's not the first time the company has faced this complaint : Last year , the DOT fined the airline $ 100,000 for failing to comply with the government rule . Miller , a Florida resident , says she flew on Delta from Miami to Las Vegas in November of 2010 . When she arrived at her destination , Miller discovered that the airline had lost her baggage , leaving her without any warm clothes or essentials , according to a class action complaint filed in the U.S. District Court in Southern Florida earlier this month . Miller then had to spend more than $ 315 to buy replacement toiletries , medication and other items , but when she raised the issue with Delta , she was told nothing could be done to help her , the court documents say . The bag turned up a couple of days later , her attorney David Tucker said . DOT spokesman Bill Mosley declined to comment on this specific case , but said in general , carriers are not supposed to limit compensation when passengers are forced to buy essentials after their bags are delayed . Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood has echoed this sentiment in the past . "  Travelers should not have to pay for toiletries or other necessities while they wait for baggage misplaced by airlines , " LaHood said in a 2009 memo warning airlines not to improperly limit reimbursements . A few weeks after her flight , Miller made a claim with Delta for her expenses , which was "  rejected and/or ignored , " her lawyers say . "  What happened to  Miller  happens every day to Delta passengers whose bags are delayed , " the complaint alleges . "  Such tactics allow Delta to pocket millions and millions it would have had to pay out if it had abided by its contracts with passengers . " Miller is suing on behalf of herself and other Delta passengers who have found themselves in a similar situation . The class action is asking for a jury trial to award direct , compensatory and punitive damages .	Passenger says Delta lost her bag , then did nothing when she spent $ 315 for necessities Government requires airlines to pay up to $ 3,300 per passenger if bags are lost or delayed Lawsuit says Delta "  uniformly and systematically " ignores this rule The airline was fined $ 100,000 over the issue last year
EW.com  -- Neither the World Cup nor the Stanley Cup finals kept moviegoers out of the theater this weekend as a pair of box office newcomers both opened strong . "  22 Jump Street " was the big winner , grossing an estimated $ 60 million its opening frame -- a massive 65 % higher than the original 's $ 36.3 million in 2012 . The bumbling cop duo of Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum turned in the second-highest-grossing opening weekend for an R-rated comedy , ranking just below "  Hangover II "  $ 85.9 million  , but besting both "  Ted "  $ 54 million  and "  Sex and the City "  $ 57 million  . "  How to Train Your Dragon 2 " brought the heat as well , with an estimated $ 50 million opener . That 's 14 % above the original 's opening gross of $ 43.7 million from 2010 . The well-reviewed film from Dreamworks also earned an A Cinemascore from audiences and should hang on well as families flock to the movies over the next couple of weeks . In third place "  Maleficent " only fell 45 % despite the arrival of the dragons . The re-imagined fairy tale , which did n't score too high with critics but resonated with moviegoers , now has a three-week cume of $ 163.5 million . It even topped last weekend 's two debuts , outgrossing the Tom Cruise-starrer "  Edge of Tomorrow , " which lost only 44 % of its traffic in its sophomore session , coming in at an estimated $ 16 million .  The film 's strong reviews have surely helped it hold its value .  That puts its two-week total at an estimated $ 56.6 million . Then there 's last weekend 's top earner , "  The Fault in Our Stars , " which saw its ticket sales drop by 67 % . It earned an estimated $ 15.7 million for a 10-day total of $ 81.7 million . "  X-Men : Days of Future Past " landed outside of the top five this weekend , yet with an additional $ 9.5 million , it surpassed the $ 200 million mark . Twentieth Century Fox is the big winner this weekend , with three of the six top movies belonging to the distributor . In limited release the Robert Pattinson , Guy Pearce-starrer "  The Rover " performed strong , grossing $ 14,000 per theater for a $ 70,000 cume , proving that Pattinson is a draw outside the "  Twilight " franchise . That said , the real test will come next weekend when distributor A24 expands the film nationwide . Here is how your top five looks this weekend . 1 . 22 Jump Street -- $ 60 million 2 . How to Train Your Dragon 2 -- $ 50 million 3 . Maleficient -- $ 19 million 4 . Edge of Tomorrow -- $ 16 million 4 . The Fault in Our Stars -- $ 15.7 million Despite this being only the fourth time the box office has had two films grossing more than $ 50 million in their debuts , the overall yield was down 7 % compared to the same weekend last year , when Man of Steel had a $ 116.6 M debut and This is the End bowed to $ 20.7 M . Yet the strength of these two openers  22 Jump Street also scored well with audiences , earning an A - Cinemascore  coupled with minimal drop-off from previous weeks ' releases has done a lot to keep the summer box office happy and healthy . The year-to-date total is up 3 % from last year . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  22 Jump Street " opened strong this weekend "  How to Train Your Dragon 2 " also did well Maleficent " fell 45 %
CNN  -- Today 's selection of Boeing and SpaceX as the providers of a U.S.-based capability to take humans to the International Space Station  ISS  is a major milestone in the almost six-decade history of space exploration . It is just the latest sign that the old paradigm of government-only space travel is being replaced by something else -- a new business ecosystem composed of novel relationships among NASA and the aerospace industry . No longer will NASA own the ISS "  trucking company " -- specifying every nut and bolt . Instead , NASA is buying services from U.S. industry . To be sure , the new announcement made it clear that NASA will be carefully examining the safety aspects of each design . But the designs will still be those of Boeing and SpaceX and vetted by NASA . I believe this new approach is America 's "  secret weapon " in what some have described as a space race with China . And , as far as I can tell , while the rest of the world is still stuck in a nearly government-only mode , NASA , with the support of the Obama administration , is letting loose the creativity of American know-how . Beginning with the NASA Commercial Orbital Transportation Services competition , continuing with the Commercial Resupply Services  cargo  and now the Commercial Crew selection , NASA "  bet the farm " on commercial companies filling the gap left by the retirement of the space shuttle , with the Commercial Crew companies  SpaceX and Boeing  replacing the Russians in bringing NASA astronauts to the ISS . This will allow NASA to invest the savings in deep space capabilities such as SLS and Orion . I believe it is critical that both commercial cargo and crew succeed for at least two reasons : First , NASA 's proper role can be summed up in three words : "  Explore Deep Space . " It is time for NASA to turn over the low Earth orbit work to industry while NASA focuses on getting humanity to Mars , following in the tracks of robotic rovers Spirit , Opportunity and Curiosity . Second , history teaches us that without a trailing edge of commercial exploitation and profitability , exploration as large scale , routine human endeavor will not succeed . As an aerospace professional and former NASA executive , I have encountered over the decades many concepts for private space exploration . Until a few years ago , none of these ideas met the sniff test for what I call the "  practical visionary , " that is , someone capable of seeing a new future , yet solidly grounded in lessons learned . Something was always missing in these early ventures -- either the technical approach required some "  unobtanium " technology to be invented , the advocate had good ideas but no money or the "  build it and they will come " philosophy showed total naivet  in business and marketing . Today 's selection points us in a different direction . As with the early 20th century airmail routes that helped stimulate aviation , NASA 's commercial programs are now the anchor tenants in the government transfer of space services to the private sector . This in turn will enable a robust new business enterprise and allow NASA to focus on Mars -- the ultimate target for exploration .	Scott Hubbard says recent moves by NASA will allow it to focus on deep space Hubbard : Space X , Boeing contracts are secret weapons in space race with China New arrangement will let "  loose the creativity of American know-how , " he says
CNN  -- Candice Swanepoel is officially hot . Her fans already knew the Victoria 's Secret supermodel was beautiful , but now Maxim has affirmed her status : Swanepoel has the top spot in the magazine 's Hot 100 list this year as voted on by Maxim 's readers . The 25-year-old South African beauty bested more recognizable hotties such as actress Scarlett Johansson  No. 2  , singer Katy Perry  No. 3  and actress Jennifer Lawrence  No. 5  . Maxim says in her bio on their site that "  the impossibly leggy , blue-eyed beauty was spotted at 15 and quickly established herself among the elite , appearing on countless magazine covers , and strutting the runway as Victoria 's Secret 's alpha Angel . " "  It 's a huge honor to be Maxim 's No. 1 , among so many beautiful and talented women ! " Swanepoel reportedly said . "  It 's a great feeling . " Last year Miley Cyrus was voted No. 1 . Click here to see the full 2014 Hot 100 list .	Swanepoel models for Victoria 's Secret She topped celebs like Scarlett Johansson and Katy Perry The list is voted on by readers
CNN  -- I bet that Paul Ryan is not typically serenaded by mariachis . But then , this week was anything but typical for the Republican congressman from Wisconsin . Ryan traveled to Chicago -- and across the aisle -- to appear alongside Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Illinois , perhaps Congress ' most vocal proponent of immigration reform . The two men gave a joint presentation at the City Club of Chicago , where -- even in that bluest of blue cities -- the business friendly audience probably favors many of Ryan 's economic policies . Before that , the two lawmakers went into a Hispanic neighborhood to meet with activists , members of the clergy and immigrant advocates . It was there that the mariachis greeted them . In the crowd , a man appreciatively held up a banner with Ryan 's photo on it and the words : "  Gracias , Ryan . " For immigration reform advocates , there is a lot for which to be thankful these days . At a time when more and more Republicans in Congress are expressing skepticism about a Senate bill that combines border security with a guest worker program and legal status for the undocumented , Ryan is doubling down on his support . He thinks the current system is failing us . He told the crowd that what we 're doing now is bad for national security , bad for business , bad for communities and bad for families . Right you are , congressman . On all counts . During the visit , Ryan told reporters : "  I would say for the sake of our national security , we want to modernize our immigration laws . We do not even know how to track people who overstay their visas . We need a modern immigration system that helps us not only protect our border but protects national security in all of its aspects . So if anything , I would say this is an argument for modernizing our immigration laws . We need it for national security , we need it for our economy . " And when Ryan , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , talks about the economy , he is on familiar terrain . "  If you take a look at contributions that immigrants make to society ... it produces faster economic growth , which brings in more revenue to the federal government , " he said . "  So if you look at this issue in its totality , immigration is a net positive contributor to the economy . " The congressman also knows his way around the immigration issue . In 2005 , as Gutierrez reminded the crowd , Ryan co-sponsored an immigration reform bill in the House that was ultimately voted down . He has said he is especially concerned that employers , including the kinds of farmers and ranchers who populate his home state , have access to the labor they need to stay in business . In fact , over the last decade , Ryan has supported or co-sponsored what the anti-immigrant group , NUMBERS USA , disdainfully called "  various amnesties to give illegal aliens a path to citizenship . " It 's one reason that the group -- which advocates both an end to illegal immigration and a dramatic reduction in legal immigration , to pre-1965 levels -- gave Ryan 's career in Congress a "  C. " That grade puts him in the bottom 10 % of all current Republican members of Congress , according to the group 's executive director , Roy Beck . And , conversely , it puts him in the top 10 % , as far as many Latinos are concerned . You see , it only helps build Ryan 's "  street cred " that he 's not popular with groups that attract so many anti-Latino nativists . The 2012 GOP vice presidential nominee is almost certain to run for the top job in 2016 as part of what could turn out to be a crowded field . Other contenders for the Republican presidential nomination could include Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , Ohio Gov. John Kasich , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush . With that kind of lineup , you can expect immigration to be a top issue in the GOP primary . Rubio is the de facto spokesman for the 844-page comprehensive immigration reform bill cobbled together by the Senate 's "  gang of eight . " Cruz is a vocal critic of the plan . Lately , Jeb Bush seems to have cornered the market on just about every position imaginable on a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants . Ryan needs to get his ducks in a row . Was this week 's trip to Chicago the kick-off of his 2016 Hispanic outreach efforts ? If so , will it work ? It could , if it is followed up by other visits and more speeches and continued attention to Latino concerns . It 's a start . If Ryan talks less , and listens more , he 'll stand out from other politicians and could impress Latino voters as someone whose interests , on some issues , align with theirs . The GOP is doing a lot of soul-searching these days trying to figure out how to get Latinos to show them some love . There are strategy sessions and focus groups and smarty-pants consultants with their pie charts and bar graphs . But folks make this stuff harder than it really is . In the world of Latino outreach , sometimes , it 's the little things that count for a lot . Like a Republican congressman from Wisconsin taking an unexpected detour to say his piece and pay his respects to a constituency poorly served by both parties , despite the likelihood that he 'll be hammered by some in his own party . Like the man said -- Gracias , Ryan . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : In Chicago visit , Rep. Paul Ryan speaks in favor of immigration reform He says many in GOP oppose Senate bill ; Latinos know Ryan has record of backing reform Is Chicago trip kickoff of 2016 Hispanic outreach efforts ? It could help , if he follows up , he says Navarrette : Rubio , Bush others likely to do same . In Latino outreach , little things mean a lot
CNN Student News  -- March 23 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day To what extent should news organizations consider audience interest when selecting stories for broadcast ? Explain . * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . What is the name of the proposed oil pipeline that would stretch 1,700 miles from Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast ? * * 2 . What natural resource is the focus of U.N. conservation efforts every year on March 22 ? * * 3 . Who currently has the most delegates in the Republican presidential race ? * * 4 . What is the world 's largest rainforest ? * * 5 . Who is the longest-serving woman in the U.S. Congress ? * * 6 . What organization establishes rules and organizes athletic events for American colleges and universities ? * * 7 . What U.S. territory , located in the Caribbean , held its Republican presidential primary on Sunday ? * * 8 . What Washington , D.C. festival , which started this week and runs through late April , is marking its 100th anniversary ? * * 9 . What African country 's Rift Valley has produced a number of Olympic champions in middle - and long-distance running ? * * 10 . What female aviator disappeared in 1937 while trying to fly around the world ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- Searchers in California say they have found and identified the wreck of a fighter jet that disappeared into the Pacific Ocean near Los Angeles International Airport nearly 54 years ago . Searchers found the wreckage of a T-33A jet on the Santa Monica Bay floor . The jet disappeared in 1955 . The searchers were looking for another missing plane when they came upon the wreckage of a Lockheed T-33A jet trainer , said Pat Macha , an aircraft archeologist who has identified about 3,700 crash sites and visited more than 800 . "  It 's a funky thing , " Macha said Tuesday . "  You 're looking for one aircraft , and you find another . " The T-33 disappeared shortly after taking off on an early-morning training navigation flight October 15 , 1955 , an Air Force Aircraft Accident Report says . Two crewmen were aboard . The plane had been presumed lost at sea all these years . The discovery started this year near Austin , Texas , where computer expert Gary Fabian found "  what looked like a few little pixels " on a high-definition U.S. Geological Survey image of the Santa Monica Bay ocean floor . Fabian is the founder of a group of unpaid sleuths who discovered a missing World War I German U-boat off the California coast in 2003 . The group , known as UB88.org , has continued to search for other wrecks . Before moving to Texas , Fabian became interested in military aircraft wrecks and found Macha about five years ago in Huntington Beach , California . Macha told him about his search for the wreckage of a P-51D Mustang fighter flown by World War II Women 's Air Force Service pilot Gertrude V. "  Tommy " Tompkins Silver . The plane was presumed lost at sea in 1944 . Of the 38 WASP pilots who lost their lives in World War II , Macha said , Silver 's is the only wreckage that has not been found . Macha has been searching for the wreckage for 11 years . Silver 's 100-year-old sister lives in Florida , Macha said , and he would like to find the wreckage so she can know what happened . From Texas , Fabian sent the map info to Ray Arntz , owner and operator of a southern California dive company and a fellow member of UB88.org . Arntz and some his employees set out to search three wrecks using side-scan sonar . Two turned out to be boats . They were n't sure about the third . "  I just grabbed a tank and went down to look at it , " Arntz said . He saw a fairly compact debris field with a lot of aluminum , which indicated that it was an airplane . Then he saw landing gear . " ` It 's an airplane , ' I said to myself . ` How do we go from here ? ' " A manufacturer 's number on a feed mechanism for a 50-caliber machine gun started him and the others toward piecing together what they had found . The engine appeared to be a jet , so he knew it was n't the Mustang , which had a propeller motor . By that point , Arntz said , "  We know it 's not what we 're looking for . " The manufacturer 's number indicated that it was a T-33 Shooting Star . Researching government documents , the searchers found that a T-33 had disappeared in the area . "  It just matched what we had , " Arntz said . "  The T-33 was it . " That was about a month ago . The searchers kept quiet about their find until family members could be notified . Macha said he spoke with a relative of one of the two crew members a few days ago . The Air Force accident report identifies the pilots as Lt. Richard Martin Theiler and Lt. Paul Dale Smith . Theiler had 1,244 hours of flying experience , and Smith had 430 . Another volunteer group called Missing Aircraft Search Team also helped find the wreckage . The searchers had another reason for initially keeping silent about their find . "  We 're trying to quietly do this stuff and move on so the sites do n't get ravaged , " Arntz said . The group also found a B-36 Peacemaker bomber near San Diego last year . The plane disappeared in 1952 . For the three searchers , finding wrecks is an unpaid passion . "  We do this fairly consistently , " said Arntz , 61 . "  As amateurs , this is our form of recreation . " Said Fabian with a laugh , "  It 's an absolutely money-losing proposition . " Fabian , 46 , is an ex-sports fisherman who says he has an "  obsession " with the water and an "  interest in the maritime history of Southern California . " Macha , 64 , says he got interested in aircraft wrecks in the 1960s when he found a crash site while working in a Boy Scout camp in the San Bernardino Mountains . There are 2,500 crash sites in California , he said , where all or parts of an airplane still remain . Some of them are chronicled on his Web site , aircraftwrecks.com .	Air Force jet that disappeared in 1955 found in Pacific Ocean near Los Angeles Volunteer searchers were looking for World War II-era plane Searchers visited site after computer expert saw anomalies in ocean-floor image Jet 's two crewmen were on training flight when aircraft disappeared
CNN  -- The former leader of Ivory Coast may have to face international charges for alleged crimes committed during his time in office , President Alassane Ouattara announced Wednesday , as he outlined his plans to bring peace and security to his nation . Ouattara told reporters that he was setting up a Truth and Reconciliation Commission , similar to those created after civil wars or conflicts in other countries , in order to bring to justice anyone who committed atrocities during the most recent strife or even before that . "  Reconciliation ca n't be done without justice , " Ouattara said in a news conference at the Golf Hotel , where he was holed up for months in the violent aftermath of the disputed presidential election . "  All Ivorians are equal in the eyes of the law , no matter their politics , their origin , their religion or their race , " he said . Former President Laurent Gbagbo has been moved out of the Golf Hotel , where he was held after his arrest Monday , and is now under guard in a villa elsewhere in the country , Ouattara said . "  He is safe , and we will treat him with consideration , " the president said . "  He is under house arrest in a villa . The president of the U.N. Security Council , Colombian Ambassador Nestor Osorio , said Wednesday that Gbagbo was taken to a presidential residence in the northern part of the country . "  We must respect his rights as a former leader , and make sure that the consideration he deserves due to his former title is truly respected , and of course that his physical safety and health is also preserved , " Ouattara said . As for charges against Gbagbo , that will be up to the Ivorian justice minister , Ouattara said , adding that international counts would be determined by an international prosecutor . The president also vowed that even members of the Republican Forces -- the troops loyal to him -- who were found to have committed crimes would be brought to justice . "  All the soldiers -- even those in the Republican Forces -- identified as being pillagers will be dealt with , " the president said , in response to a journalist 's question about reports of Republican Forces troops participating in raids and pillaging in Abidjan . Human Rights Watch published a scathing report Saturday about abuses perpetrated by pro-Ouattara forces on their offensive to Abidjan . People interviewed by the monitoring agency "  described how , in village after village , pro-Ouattara forces summarily executed and raped perceived Gbagbo supporters in their homes , as they worked in the fields , as they fled or as they tried to hide in the bush . " "  Ouattara should fulfill his public pledge to investigate and prosecute abuses by both sides if Cte d'Ivoire is to emerge from this horrific period , " said Daniel Bekele , Africa director at Human Rights Watch . Also under investigation is the massacre in the western Ivorian town of Duekoue , where the International Committee of the Red Cross said 800 people were slaughtered . The United Nations blamed many of the deaths on Ouattara 's forces . Ouattara said the minister of justice has already begun a probe into those killings , the Human Rights Commission would be sending representatives in the next few days to look into the matter as well , and he has scheduled a meeting with the chief prosecutor for the International Criminal Court . "  I condemn this massacre , " Ouattara said Wednesday . "  The people responsible for these killings , whoever they are , will be judged . " "  I am revolted , indignant at the number of dead , " he added . As many as 27,500 people took refuge after the massacre in a Catholic mission in Duekoue , according to Amnesty International , and humanitarian conditions there are deteriorating rapidly . "  They are trapped in overcrowded and appalling conditions , having fled their homes after atrocious abuses were carried out by both parties to the conflict , " said Vronique Aubert , Amnesty International 's deputy director for Africa . The human rights group also warned that supporters of Gbagbo in Abidjan and elsewhere were at risk of violent reprisals following the former president 's capture . One eyewitness reported to the group that a policeman belonging to Gbagbo 's ethnic group was taken from his home and shot dead at point blank range , an Amnesty International statement said . "  Dozens of young people are going into hiding in Abidjan out of fear for their lives , " Aubert said . "  In the western part of the country , people suspected of being pro-Gbagbo are also terrified . Many are hiding in the bush after their villages were burned down . They need to be protected . " On Wednesday , the International Rescue Committee said in a statement that rapes , sexual assaults , beatings and harassment of Ivorian women and girls by armed men had increased by "  alarming numbers . " "  Women and girls are being brutally raped by armed men , often in front of their family members , " said Liz Pender , an IRC women 's protection expert , who has been meeting with groups of Ivorian women and girls who fled to Liberia in recent weeks to escape the violence in their homeland . "  One woman told me she was forced to watch as several men took turns raping her sister , sometimes with a stick , and that she did n't survive the attack . " The refugee women who took part in Pender 's group discussions said fear of rape or sexual slavery were the primary reasons they fled to Liberia , according to the IRC statement . It provided no details on the identities or political ties of the armed men carrying out the assaults . Ouattara has blamed much of the bloodshed in the aftermath of the election on forces loyal to Gbagbo , and said his government has begun a two-month program to root out weapons across the country . He 's also demanded that the militia members and mercenaries who worked for the former leader surrender their arms immediately . But he faces a daunting task in forging a peaceful and stable path forward . Chief among his challenges , said longtime observers , will be to unite the severely divided nation and ensure justice for those who committed grave human rights violations in the nation 's political vacuum -- including those in his own camp who stand accused of heinous acts . Most of the blame for the bloodshed rests squarely on the shoulders of Gbagbo , whose refusal to cede power plunged Ivory Coast into crisis , said Jendayi Frazer of the Council on Foreign Relations and a former U.S. assistant secretary of state for African Affairs under former President George W. Bush . The International Criminal Court in The Hague , Netherlands , is now poised to investigate alleged war crimes instigated by Gbagbo . Ouattara will have to delicately balance such a probe with reconciliation . After all , said expert Alex Vines , Ouattara did not win in a landslide . Gbagbo won 45.9 percent of the vote and as such , Ouattara will have to reach out to his rival 's supporters , perhaps even welcome them into his government without jeopardizing justice , said Vines , head of the Africa program at the British think tank Chatham House . But even more significant may be the way Ouattara handles his own dirt . Though he emerged in the Western media as the good versus Gbagbo 's evil , Ouattara , too , has been accused of having blood on his hands . In the United States , Ouattara 's critics questioned his right to rule . "  It is now clear , based on U.N. reports coming from Cote d'Ivoire , that mass killings have occurred at the hands of Alassane Ouattara , " Sen. Jim Inhofe , R-Oklahoma , said earlier this month . "  This calls into question his legitimacy to lead that country , " said Inhofe , who has visited Ivory Coast nine times and made no secret of his support for Gbagbo . "  Ouattara is on a rampage , killing innocent civilians , and he must be stopped before this becomes another Rwanda . " Human rights lawyer Geoffrey Robertson said Ouattara 's moment in the spotlight could quickly dim without adequate investigations into the abuse allegations against forces loyal to him . "  Mr. Ouattara should also be investigated because of the evidence that his troops did commit rapes and abuse en route to Abidjan , " said Robertson , a former president of the U.N. special court for Sierra Leone . Such a probe could answer questions about what amount of control Ouattara exerted over the forces fighting under his name and whether he deliberately failed to stop them , Robertson said . In his favor , Ouattara has been viewed for some time as a hardworking man , an honest politician who favors transparency . He hailed from northern lands dominated by Muslim immigrants who came to work in Ivory Coast and eventually grew into influential businessmen and traders . The U.S.-educated Ouattara quit his International Monetary Fund job to run for president in 2000 and might have met Gbagbo on the ballot then , except that he was marked as an outsider -- his mother was from Burkina Faso -- and barred from participating in the election . The pro-Gbagbo newspaper Notre Voie accused Ouattara of backing a failed 2002 coup against Gbagbo 's government , which triggered the 2002 civil war . Ouattara 's critics blame him for the deep split that Ivory Coast has yet to mend . Vines said the rebels who fought in the 2002 civil war , the Force Nouvelles , formed a large part of the pro-Ouattara forces fighting Gbagbo 's troops in the latest crisis . The United Nations has repeatedly cited the armed group for breaking the arms embargo imposed on Ivory Coast , and human rights groups have sounded alarms about its abuses . The moral high ground in Ivory Coast , said Vines , is that the election result is clear and in favor of Ouattara . "  After that it gets gray and in the last few weeks , it 's gotten very opaque indeed , " he said about the recent spate of killings , especially the massacre in Duekoue . Ouattara , said Robertson , must conduct a swift inquiry into the allegations and punish the perpetrators . Otherwise , Robertson said , Ouattara will "  himself be vulnerable to prosecution in The Hague . "	NEW : Sexual assaults by armed men increase , international agency says The International Criminal Court is poised to investigate Laurent Gbagbo Human rights monitors accuse pro-Ouattara forces of atrocities , as well Ensuring justice in Ivory Coast will be critical to its future , experts say
London , England  CNN  -- British Prime Minister David Cameron , the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall will join hundreds of veterans Sunday to commemorate the 65th anniversary of Victory over Japan Day , or VJ Day , which was Saturday . "  The service will remember the efforts of hundreds of thousands of veterans operating in the harshest of conditions , and pay tribute to nearly 30,000 British losses suffered during the Far East campaign ,  including  some 12,500 who died while prisoners of war , " Britain 's Ministry of Defence said in a statement . Cameron will lay a wreath on behalf of the British government , the statement said . On August 14 , 1945 , Japan surrendered to Allied forces , effectively ending World War II . "  We must never forget the sacrifices made and the dedication showed by those who served our country in the Second World War , " Cameron said . "  They fought and suffered around the world in ferocious conditions . They witnessed incomprehensible horrors . They lost their lives -- and many were imprisoned . And they did all this for us -- to protect the freedoms we all enjoy today . VJ Day , the day the Second World War ended , is a time for this generation to reflect and show its gratitude to our veterans for their bravery , dedication and sacrifice . " Chief of the General Staff , Gen. Sir David Richards , will lay a wreath on behalf of the British Army , the Ministry of Defence said . The ministry , along with the Burma Star Association , organized the service . The association , founded in 1951 , "  brings together veterans from all three services who experienced the bitter fighting in the jungles of Burma , " which is modern-day Myanmar , the ministry said .	Ceremony on Sunday remembers the day Japan surrendered in 1945 , ending WWII PM David Cameron will lay a wreath on behalf of the government Nearly 30,000 British troops died in the Far East campaign
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States and Britain said Wednesday they are committed to remaining in Afghanistan , despite increased military casualties and declining public support for the war effort . U.S. Marines partrol part of the Gharmsir district in Afghanistan 's Helmand province on Wednesday . "  We went into this together , and we will work it through together because we are stronger together , " British Foreign Secretary David Miliband said after a half day of talks at the State Department with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Clinton praised Miliband 's approach on Afghanistan , including the call for the government to reconcile with moderate elements of the Taliban . "  His analysis of the way forward is very much consistent with ours , and we will continue to stand shoulder to shoulder in pursuit of our common objectives , " Clinton said of her counterpart . In a speech at NATO headquarters on Monday , Miliband called for rank-and-file Taliban to be given the chance to reconcile with the Afghan government , even as the campaign continues against Taliban commanders who are waging jihad . He also urged greater burden sharing not only among NATO allies in Afghanistan but by the Afghan government . "  There is a lot of talk , rightly , about burden sharing within the coalition , but the greatest burden sharing must be between the international community and the government of Afghanistan , which increasingly needs to take the lead -- the security lead , as well as the political lead -- in shaping the future of that country , " he said . Richard Holbrooke , the U.S. special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan , told reporters that boosting the training of Afghan forces would be a big focus after the country 's August 20 election . When asked whether the election would be fair , Holbrooke , who just returned from the region , said he had heard complaints from all sides but was not "  unduly upset . " "  It 's an extraordinary thing to hold an election in the middle of a war , and this is the first contested election in Afghanistan in history , " Holbrooke said , adding the United States has no favorite candidate but only wants "  an election whose outcome is accepted as legitimate by the Afghan people and the world , which reflects the desires of those who vote . " July has been the deadliest month for U.S. and British forces since the U.S.-led invasion in 2001 , with 39 U.S. troops and 22 British troops killed . Miliband said the effort was going through a "  tough phase , " but added that the British people understood the "  vital nature " of the mission to stabilize Afghanistan . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has been under under enormous pressure from his opposition , which charges that British troops do n't have proper resources to fight the war , including helicopters . But he was sanguine . "  I think the British people will stay with this mission , because there is a clear strategy and a clear determination on behalf of the United States and other coalition members to see this through , " he said , adding that the British people understood the mission 's "  vital nature . " Americans , too , have questioned whether the war in Afghanistan is winnable and worth the effort . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates and members of Congress , including Democrats , have predicted that President Obama has a year to show progress in Afghanistan before public support for the war further erodes . Clinton said Britain and the United States "  have made significant gains in the recent operations " against the Taliban , but "  there remains much work to be done . " "  We know that this is a challenge that is not going to be easily resolved in a short period of time , " she said , adding "  both of our countries are still threatened by the same enemy , an enemy that has attacked London , New York and Washington . " "  We know they 've attacked us in the past , and , unfortunately , we know that they plot against us even today , " she said .	July deadliest month for U.S. , British forces in Afghanistan since '01 invasion "  We will work it through together , " British Foreign Secretary David Miliband says Miliband calls for Afghan government to reconcile with moderate Taliban elements U.S. official : Boosting the training of Afghan forces will be a big focus
CNN  -- With the world 's eyes on her after a media frenzy over her former partner 's alleged affair , France 's former first lady , Valerie Trierweiler , said Monday she was doing fine and told people not to worry about her . The former partner of French President Francois Hollande made her first public appearance two days after bidding farewell to the Elysee presidential palace , following global headlines about Hollande 's alleged affair with an actress . Smiling and dressed in a salmon pink top , Trierweiler addressed reporters during a trip to Mumbai , India , where she is lending her support to an anti-hunger charity . "  I feel good , I feel very happy to be here , " she told a news conference intended to highlight the work of the Action Against Hunger charity in India . "  Do not worry about me . " Trierweiler left Paris discreetly on Sunday . On arrival in Mumbai she was greeted by a media scrum , which followed her as she visited a hospital and met patients in a campaign against child malnutrition . The trip had been planned months ago . During the news conference , Trierweiler described the emotion she felt holding a young child . "  I will continue to fight against  child malnutrition  . This trip has been in the works for months . I would not have missed this engagement for anything , " she said . Goodbye message Hollande meanwhile traveled to Turkey on Monday for a state visit . The trip is his first public appearance since declaring on Saturday that his relationship with Trierweiler was over . "  I wish to make it known that I have ended my shared life  partnership  with Valerie Trierweiler , " Hollande told the Agence France-Presse news agency . Trierweiler sent a goodbye message Saturday via Twitter to the staff at the presidential palace . "  All my gratitude goes to the extraordinary people at the Elysee . I will never forget the devotion or emotion at the time of leaving , " she wrote . Hollande 's private life has been the subject of global headlines since the French magazine Closer claimed this month he 'd been having an affair with actress Julie Gayet for two years . French president says it 's over U.S. trip planned for February Hollande has not confirmed or denied the alleged affair but did threaten legal action . At his first news conference of the year , Hollande said he and Trierweiler were going through "  painful moments . " The allegations had left Trierweiler 's position in some doubt ahead of a planned trip to Washington in February . She had been Hollande 's partner for several years . An arts columnist for weekly magazine Paris Match , she was not married to Hollande but assumed the role of first lady at official functions following his election in May 2012 . Last week , Trierweiler left the hospital where she had spent a week being treated for stress and fatigue , Paris Match reported . The magazine also said she would recover for "  several days " in an official residence in Versailles . Hollande , 59 , has seen his personal approval ratings plummet since his election , although this has been attributed to dissatisfaction with his leadership rather than disapproval of his private life . A recent survey by French pollster Ifop with the weekly Le Journal du Dimanche found that more than 80 % of respondents had not changed their opinion of the President based on the allegations of an affair . Hollande has four children from a previous relationship with Segolene Royal , a senior member of his Socialist Party and a 2007 presidential candidate . Royal announced their separation just after she lost the 2007 election to Nicolas Sarkozy .	Former first lady is in India to lend support to anti-hunger charity "  I feel good , I feel very happy to be here , " Valerie Trierweiler tells reporters French President Francois Hollande announced the split on Saturday Allegations about Hollande 's personal life fueled a media frenzy
CNN  -- This weekend , Manchester United 's Alex Ferguson will attempt to become the first manager in history to win three Champions League titles when his side face Barcelona at Wembley . The achievement , which would match the late Bob Paisley 's European Cup feat with Liverpool in the 1970s , is not only a testimony to Ferguson 's run of success since taking over at Old Trafford in 1986 , but also continues the remarkable legacy that Scottish managers continue to have on football as a whole . From Ferguson to Matt Busby , Kenny Dalglish to Bill Shankly , George Graham to Jock Stein , the impact that Scottish managers have had through the years is so great that it has changed the course of history for some major football institutions . Earlier this month , Ferguson , the son of a Glasgow shipbuilder , guided United to a record 19th English league title , with all but two of those successes coming under the guidance of either Ferguson or Busby -- whose five league titles would surely have been many more but for the 1958 Munich air crash which decimated his "  Busby Babes " squad . Liverpool 's period of dominance in English and European football began when Shankly -- who was born and raised in a tiny Ayrshire mining village -- took over in 1959 , helping the club to three league titles , a feat matched by compatriot and current Anfield incumbent Dalglish . Arsenal had spent 18 years in the football wilderness before Graham , the youngest of seven children brought up by his mother after his father died when he was still a baby , took over and led the club to two titles in three seasons in 1989 and 1991 . And the legendary Stein , another to be brought up in a coal mining community , led Celtic to become the first ever British winners of the European Cup in 1967 , with Busby guiding United to victory the very next year . The trend for successful Scottish managers has now spanned seven decades and Jim Fleeting , the Director of Football Development at the Scottish Football Association  SFA  , told CNN that he believed the continued success of his compatriots was no coincidence . "  Scottish people , by nature are hard workers -- they are grafters , are open minded , and traditionally looking to better themselves , " said Fleeting . "  It is a Scottish trait , but particularly from the Glasgow area . Many of these successful managers come from that part of Scotland . It is a very working class and hard working region of the country , " he continued . "  I do n't know why so many successful managers come from Scotland , but the traditional values and ideals that are instilled into people definitely help . "  It is significant that not as many managers come from the more middle class Edinburgh area , where , traditionally , the financial industry would get most of its workforce from . " The figures back up Fleeting 's claim . Out of the last 26 seasons , 18 English titles have been won by Scottish managers , compared to just two by Englishmen , a remarkable statistic . And when the English Premier League season finished on Sunday , seven managers from the Glasgow area were sitting in the dug-out , with Paul Lambert arriving next season following Norwich 's promotion to the top tier . Former Scottish international Mark McGhee , who was a member of Ferguson 's successful Aberdeen side , prior to his move to United , before later becoming a Premier League manager in his own right at Leicester , endorsed Fleeting 's view . "  I think the people of Glasgow are different and unique compared to the rest of Scotland , " McGhee , himself a native Glaswegian , told CNN . "  Despite the success of these managers they are not pretentious or big time and maintain a sense of reality and humility , which I believe is a huge factor to getting the best out of players . "  What Ferguson does in particular is manage to get players to believe that he feels things personally . So , if you play badly , you are letting him down as a person , as well as the team , and his players really bought into that ethic , " added McGhee . Another major factor in the development of Scottish coaches and managers has been the rise in prominence of the Scottish national training center in Largs , on the Ayrshire coast . The SFA run a number of UEFA coaching courses at the academy and many top Scottish managers , past and present , have passed through its doors at one time or another , as well as many other leading coaches worldwide including Real Madrid 's Jose Mourinho and Andre Villas Boas of Porto . "  I do n't think the academy has been the primary reason for the success of Scottish coaches and I do n't think we can take credit for their achievements , " said Fleeting . "  But we have had Stein and Ferguson , as well as many other top coaches , giving seminars here , and that knowledge and expertise must rub off . "  Young coaches come here and they know they must sacrifice having their summer off , learning from experienced tutors and mentors , " he added . "  At the end of the day , a coaching diploma is no guarantee of success but it is a confirmation of professional competence , and hopefully the techniques learned at Largs have helped them along the way . " McGhee was another coach who spent time at the Largs training center , and he too believes the skills he learned there went some way to his success as a coach . "  The mentors on the courses encouraged us to learn different skills , to think outside the box , " said McGhee . "  We were forever being challenged to think of new ideas with the principle being that the skills we were being taught was only the beginning of our coaching journey . "  In my case , I found it a ground-breaking and modern way of learning . We had coaches from all over the world on our course and the SFA seem to be some years ahead of their English counterparts in the development of coaches . " And the biggest example of McGhee 's view is Ferguson himself . Come Saturday night , one of the greatest coaches football has ever seen could be out on his own as the number one of all time .	Alex Ferguson on the brink of winning his third Champions League winners ' medal Ferguson one of many Scottish managers to have succeeded in England and Europe Scottish managers have won 18 of the last 26 English league championships
Prague , Czech Republic  CNN  -- Fireworks and rock 'n' roll echoed across central Prague on Tuesday as thousands of marchers commemorated the 20th anniversary of the "  Velvet Revolution " that toppled Communist rule . The peaceful 1989 uprising began with a student march to mark a 1939 clampdown on opposition in what was then Nazi-occupied Czechoslovakia . It drew 15,000 people -- students as well as teachers , professors and ordinary Czechs who had grown weary of state control . Ivan Pilip , one of the students who took part , said the march "  was very different " from previous demonstrations he had joined . "  There was a different group of people , " he said . "  We feel that people that participated in such events before had come , and they 're ready to do something . And it was more and more visible every minute . " The protest was held a week after the opening of the Berlin Wall , as pressure was building on the Communist governments of Eastern Europe . When the demonstrators tried to divert the march to central Prague 's Wenceslas Square , they were attacked by police -- a response that led tens of thousands more people to join mass demonstrations that lasted another 10 days . "  My kids can not understand today what was moving our minds and hearts that day 20 years ago , " Pilip 's wife , Lucie , said Tuesday . "  We watched television today to show them what we had come through these 20 years , and I think it 's an enormous success . " The protests led to talks between government officials and the Civic Forum , a group of dissidents led by playwright Vaclav Havel . The Communist Party ceded power in December , and Havel became president . "  Many of our citizens who took part in the democratic changes died already with a feeling that they contributed to something that meant a lot , " Havel said Tuesday . "  In our ordinary , daily lives , we tend to forget our friends of that time -- our comrades , free-thinking individuals . " The anniversary march was capped by a concert that featured dissident musicians of the day , along with American folk singer Joan Baez . Havel himself appeared onstage with a guitar , but told the crowd , "  Do n't worry , the guitar does n't mean I 'm going to play today . " Musicians , actors and other artists played major roles in the protests . Michael Kocab , now the Czech Republic government 's human rights minister , was a rock singer who became the revolutionaries ' key negotiator . "  In the beginning there was many times this idea , ` What am I doing here , ' " Kocab told CNN recently . "  I knew in the future I 'd get used to it . And five or 10 days later , I forgot I was a musician and I submerged myself in political negotiations . And I liked it . " The celebration was organized by Opona , a nonprofit group established to observe the milestone anniversary of the dismantling of the Iron Curtain . "  Our inspiration to do this was from our memories -- we still remember the times that preceded the events , " said David Gaydecka , one of the organizers . "  We believe that the changes in those 20 years have been positive despite all those maladies which came along with the freedom . " -- CNN 's Phil Black and Fionnuala Sweeney contributed to this report .	Czech students take to the streets to mark 20th anniversary of fall of communist rule Student clashes with police in 1989 triggered events that rid then-Czechoslovakia of totalitarianism The march in 1989 was in memory of the students who perished under the Nazis
Hong Kong  CNN  -- President Xi Jinping promised citizens his government will pursue the "  Chinese dream , " in a keynote speech as the National People 's Congress came to a close on Sunday . "  We must make persistent efforts , press ahead with indomitable will , continue to push forward the great cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics , and strive to achieve the Chinese dream of great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation , " Xi said , according to state news agency Xinhua . XI spoke in crisp , clear Mandarin , in relatively plain language , in keeping with his desire to drop the jargon traditionally sprinkled through official speeches and text . In his speech , Xi paid tribute to his predecessor , Hu Jintao , 70 , who is retiring , commending his "  outstanding contributions " over the years . Xi paused to allow a long applause from the 3,000 delegates in the Great Hall of the People as Hu stood up and took a bow . Xi 's speech was followed by the first news conference by Premier Li Keqiang who , like Xi , was confirmed as one of the nation 's new leaders during the meeting . They are replacing Hu and Wen Jiabao , who led the country for 10 years . During the question and answer session broadcast to millions nationwide , Li addressed China 's relationship with the United States and recent friction over allegations that Chinese hackers had targeted U.S. networks . Common interests between the U.S and China far outweigh the differences , he said , and stressed the need to maintain friendly ties . On the issue of hacking , Li took exception to a reporter 's question , saying it presumed guilt . "  This is a worldwide problem and in fact China itself a main target . We are opposed to such activities , " he said . "  I think we should not make groundless accusations against each other and spend more time doing practical things that contribute to cyber security . " In front of hundreds of local and foreign journalists in Beijing 's Great Hall of the People , Li said the new government was seeking to curb its own power . "  This is demanded by the government and wanted by the people . We are determined to make that sacrifice ... we will keep our promise . " Li acknowledged that shaking up the system would be difficult -- "  sometimes stirring vested interests may be more difficult than stirring the soul " -- but that the government had no choice but to act . He said the aim was to create a fairer country . "  Whatever kind of wealth creator you are -- as long as you compete on a level playing field and conduct your business in a clear and honest way then you will be able to taste success , " he said . During visits to communities , he said , locals complained that they had to seek approval from several departments to get something done . About 1,700 items still require the approval of state council departments , he said , and his government plans to cut that by a third . Echoing recent comments from the president , Li said the government would lead by example , reducing spending on government offices , buildings , travel and hospitality . Instead , money would be redirected toward social spending . "  We need to win the trust of the people by promoting frugality , " Li said . He said the government would strive to be "  the guardian of social fairness , " and work to narrow what he called the "  two biggest gaps " between the people ; urban and rural dwellers , and people from different regions . "  We need to raise the level at which social security funds are managed . And in the area of medical and old age insurance , we need to make sure that people can reimburse their expenses and transfer their accounts to where they currently reside . " Achieving economic stability remained the government 's priority , the premier said , while repeating economic targets this year of 7.5 % annual growth . "  Our trade will continue to grow and even at a high speed in the years ahead , " Li said . " That will create enormous opportunities for the world . " However , economic growth will not come at the cost of the environment , he said , adding that complaints about pollution and tainted food supplies had been heard . CNN 's Jaime Florcruz contributed to this report	Chinese leaders pledge to press ahead with government reform Premier Li says common interests between the U.S. and China outweigh differences He describes hacking as a worldwide problem , saying China is a main target
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Bollywood leading man Akshay Kumar plays a character who basks in the glamorous shadow cast by American stars like Sylvester Stallone and Denise Richards in his latest movie . Akshay Kumar is one of the biggest names in Indian film . In reality , Kumar has no need for such humility . One of the biggest names in Indian film , he 's increasingly rubbing shoulders with the global glitterati these days . In "  Kambakkht Ishq , " he plays a Hollywood stuntman alongside Stallone and Richards , who have cameos in the film . He starred this year with U.S. rapper Snoop Dogg in the film "  Singh is Kinng , " and he 's set to appear in a film alongside Australian pop star Kylie Minogue later in the year . The unstoppable rise of Bollywood and the massive popularity of Indian film beyond its homeland have made stars like Kumar hot property . The poster boy of Indian action films now finds himself at the vanguard of the crossover between the world 's two largest movie industries . Watch Kumar speak to CNN about his upcoming projects " The Hollywood men in suits have been eyeing the Indian market greedily for some time . While the economic downturn has hit Tinseltown hard , Bollywood is a rising tiger -- the industry was worth $ 15 billion in 2008 and is projected to grow by 10 percent , according to PricewaterhouseCoopers . With the notable exception of this year 's runaway Oscar hit "  Slumdog Millionaire , " attempts to make crossover films for both markets have largely failed . The masala mix of genres and exaggerated acting that typifies the Bollywood formula has met limited success in the West . Instead Hollywood studios have begun bankrolling Bollywood productions solely for the Indian market . But the financial traffic is by no means one-way . In the other direction , Steven Spielberg 's Dreamworks recently snagged a multi-million dollar film production deal with Reliance Big Entertainment , one of Bollywood 's biggest hitters . For Kumar , the strengthening of ties between Hollywood and Bollywood is bringing many opportunities , including the chance to work alongside his childhood hero Stallone . "  Well it was great . It was an honor to work with him , " he told CNN . In addition to starring in "  Kambakkht Ishq , " his other major role this year was as an Indian chef who learns martial arts in "  Chandni Chowk Goes to China . " The movie was financed by Warner Brothers .  Warner Brothers , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner . The typically flamboyant plot of "  Chandni Chowk " was loosely inspired by Kumar 's own life . Born in Punjab but raised in Delhi , he came to acting late after working as a waiter in Bangkok . While in the Thai capital he learned martial arts , which he taught upon his return to India before becoming a male model . He landed his first movie role in the 1992 Hindi language film "  Deeder " and has gone on to become one of Bollywood 's leading men . He is married to fellow actor Twinkle Khanna . The couple created a buzz in India when they fell foul of the country 's notoriously strict obscenity laws in March after Kumar encouraged his wife to undo the top button of his jeans at a fashion show in Mumbai . A complaint was lodged with the police and they were briefly questioned . With more than 80 features to his name , Kumar maintains that a strong work ethic is the reason for his longevity in the movie business . "  I think it 's the simplest thing . It 's actually hard work and punctuality , " the 41-year-old told CNN from the London set of his latest movie , a comedy called "  Housefull . " "  Even if you 're not a good actor , to be a producer 's actor is essential . If you finish your films on time you save money for the producer , " he noted . His devotion to the job is coupled with a strong sense of family duty . "  I would say my success lies at the feet of my parents because that 's been my biggest strength and that 's what we Hindus believe , " he said . "  Every morning before you go to work just touch your parents ' feet and go ahead in life . People may not believe it , but I do . "	Bollywood leading man Akshay Kumar has appeared in more than 80 movies A former martial arts teacher , Kumar made his name as an action hero Now he finds himself at the forefront of where Bollywood meets Hollywood India is home to $ 15 billion film industry -- the world 's second largest
CNN  Nations working on a global treaty to combat climate change and handle its ill effects have come to a basic draft agreement at conference in Lima , Peru . The elements hammered out in two weeks by about 190 countries at the 20th Conference of Parties  COP20  will serve as the basis for an international climate treaty to be signed in Paris next year , the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change said Sunday . That treaty , which is supposed to detail nations ' responsibilities in the fight against climate change , will come into effect in 2020 . The Lima draft announced Sunday determines that developed countries and developing nations will take on differing responsibilities in the fight against global warming "  in light of different national circumstances . " The details of those responsibilities are to be determined later . It also calls on richer countries to help poorer ones finance their goals -- especially countries hurt most by the "  adverse effects of climate change " that are working to mitigate that damage . Initial disagreement between nations over the distribution of responsibilities and costs had brought negotiations to a deadlock , causing the conference to be extended by two days . A handful of developed and developing countries pledged contributions to the Green Climate Fund -- designed to finance sustainable development -- boosting it to nearly $ 10.2 billion . CNN 's Christine Theodorou contributed to his report .	The draft agreement will serve as the basis for a treaty to be signed in Paris next year Richer countries agree to foot more of the bill in the battle against climate change Developed and developing countries will have different responsibilities
CNN  -- Pro-Israel advocates and politicians , breathe easy . Israel is safe once more from the threat of "  apartheid " -- the word , that is . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has clarified comments made in a closed-door meeting last week , and he stated clearly that Israel is not an apartheid state . But Kerry 's dire warning , and the future the secretary was predicting for Israel , lingers . That point seems lost amid this week 's onslaught against Kerry , as members of Congress and Israel advocates raced to prove their pro-Israel credentials with their outrage . The histrionics over the secretary 's remarks are yet one more sign of how fundamentally broken American politics are when it comes to Israel . Vast energy is poured into defending Israel from an inappropriate word . Yet nowhere near enough energy is devoted to promoting policies that will actually protect and save Israel 's Jewish democracy in the long run . Labels aside , Israel is maintaining the longest military occupation in the world . In the territory occupied in 1967 , Jewish residents enjoy all of the benefits of Israeli democracy , while Palestinian residents in the same territory lack basic rights of citizenship . Many predict the number of non-Jews in the land between the Mediterranean and the Jordan River soon will be greater than the number of Jews , and everyone from President Barack Obama to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has come to understand what this means . Without a two-state solution to this conflict , Israel draws ever closer to an unfathomable choice : Forsake its democracy by establishing rule of a Jewish minority over a non-Jewish majority , or forsake its Jewish character by granting equal rights to all residents under its control . That 's the future that former Israeli Prime Ministers Ehud Olmert and Ehud Barak warned about when they invoked the specter of apartheid , and it 's that future that Kerry has been working tirelessly to avert with his Israeli-Palestinian peace initiative . It 's a choice that draws sadly closer , now that Kerry 's efforts have passed their initial nine-month deadline , and the parties have resumed the familiar cycle of provocation and retaliation . To question Kerry 's commitment to Israel over a word , after everything that he 's done to help Israel , is absurd . No U.S. leader has done more to help Israel gain acceptance in the international community and ensure its long-term peace and security . What friends of Israel should really be asking themselves is not whether they are doing everything they can to protect Israel from being called certain names , but whether they are doing everything possible to secure its future as the democratic home of the Jewish people by bringing about a two-state peace . Sadly , this question is conspicuously absent from our politics . Many politicians ' reflexive defense posture at times like this allows our friends and family in Israel to continue believing that the root of their problems is anti-Israel bias rather than the expansionist policies a right-wing minority is foisting on their country . They need to hear that the policies of that minority are out of sync with the values and the interests of the United States , and that staying the present course risks the foundations of the relationship between the two countries . Shooting the messenger does Israel no favors . Friends of Israel should start by thanking Kerry for his commitment to Israel and supporting him as he seeks to break the present impasse in negotiations . And if we can channel as much passion and energy into ending the conflict as we do into protecting Israel from painful words , Israel may yet stand a chance .	Jeremy Ben-Ami : John Kerry used the word apartheid about Israel , setting off a firestorm He says we need that passion devoted to policies to protect Israel 's Jewish democracy Ben-Ami : Non-Jews will outnumber Jews , which will hurt Israel without two-state solution He says the word apartheid has been used by Israeli politicians : Kerry is a friend to Israel
CNN  -- Paul Mazursky , a five-time Oscar nominee who directed and wrote such films as "  Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice , " "  An Unmarried Woman " and "  Down and Out in Beverly Hills , " has died , his agent said Tuesday . He was 84 . The cause of death was not revealed , but Mazursky had been in ill health for some time . Mazursky was known for his compassionate touch as a writer and director , guiding such performers as Dyan Cannon  1969 's "  Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice "  , Art Carney  1974 's "  Harry and Tonto "  and Jill Clayburgh  1978 's "  An Unmarried Woman "  to Academy Award nominations for acting . Carney , in fact , won a best actor Oscar for his performance as a widower who travels cross-country with his cat , Tonto . Indeed , Mazursky was fond of such low-key , human stories , though usually with a dose of humor . "  Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice " was about wife-swapping ; "  An Unmarried Woman " was about a wealthy New Yorker whose husband leaves her , putting her in the dating pool for the first time in years . In a 1977 interview with Film Comment , Mazursky said that studios would have preferred him to make films for more money and with bigger stars , but he followed his gut , opted for a lower budget and went with character actor types over movie stars . "  They would prefer that I do one for $ 6 million rather than $ 2 million and shore it up with a couple of names . It 's easier to sell . And I would have done it with a big star if I thought there was one who was perfect for the part , " he said . Instead , however , he cast people like Carney and Ron Silver  1989 's "  Enemies : A Love Story "  . Other Mazursky-directed films include "  Blume in Love "  1973  , "  Next Stop , Greenwich Village "  1976  , "  Moscow on the Hudson "  1984  and "  Scenes from a Mall "  1991  . Mazursky was also a part of television history , having co-written the script for the pilot of "  The Monkees . " Mazursky started out as an actor , making his debut in Stanley Kubrick 's early work "  Fear and Desire "  1954  and guest-starring in several TV series , including "  The Twilight Zone " and "  The Real McCoys . " He made frequent appearances in his own films and was an often wise-cracking presence in other works , including "  The Sopranos , " in which he played a card dealer friend of Junior Soprano , and "  Curb Your Enthusiasm , " in which he played Norm , an assistant of Mel Brooks . In real life , Brooks and Mazursky were close friends . When Mazursky received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame late last year , Brooks said , "  If he were gay , and I were gay , I think we would hang out together . That 's how much I love him . " "  I love you too , " Mazursky said . "  Prove it ! " Brooks retorted . "  Pick up the bill for once , why do n't you . " People we 've lost in 2014	Paul Mazursky wrote and directed films such as "  Down and Out in Beverly Hills " Mazursky began career as actor , then moved into writing ; he co-wrote "  Monkees " pilot Mazursky films known for compassion and bittersweet wit
CNN  -- One person was killed and two people were injured after gunmen attacked Guinean President Alpha Conde 's residence , a government spokesman said Tuesday . The person killed was a member of the presidential guard , the Ministry of Communications said . The president was not injured . The attack occurred in downtown Conakry , the capital city of the West African nation early Tuesday morning and the battle lasted two hours . Authorities believe the attackers may have been soldiers with the Guinean army , said Durus Yale Dore , a government spokesman . Local reports were calling it a failed coup attempt . Conde has been the president of Guinea for less than a year . His election last year ended a two-year transition to civilian rule after a military junta took power in December 2008 . Journalist Amadou Tam Camara said the attackers were heavily armed and the group had a rocket launcher . The president 's compound was heavily damaged and the attack has surprised many in Guinea , Camara said .	The attack occurs in downtown Conakry , the capital city of the West African nation The president 's compound is heavily damaged but the president is not hurt Authorities believe the attackers may have been soldiers Conde took over from a military junta with his election last year
CNN  -- A Chinese company plans to build a full-scale replica of RMS Titanic , complete with a simulation of an iceberg collision , at a theme park in Daying County , Sichuan Province , China . The RMB 1 billion  $ 165 million  model will be one of the key attractions at the Romandisea Seven Star International Cultural Tourism Resort , which will also feature a museum dedicated to the 1912 maritime tragedy , a man-made beach , Turkish baths and what is being called a "  6D cinema . " The park is slated to open in 2016 . The ship 's design will be based on the blueprint of Titanic 's sister ship , RMS Olympic , and produced in a shipyard in Hubei Province , developer Seven Star Energy Investment Group said in an interview with Xinhua news . The sinking of the Titanic , on its maiden journey from Southampton to New York , resulted in more than 1,500 deaths and inspired James Cameron 's hit film . The South China Morning Post said the replica will be permanently docked on the Qi River , some 930 miles from the nearest coast . But visitors will get to safely experience an iceberg "  collision " thanks to a high-tech simulation involving light and sound effects . "  There are museums dedicated to Titanic in the U.S. and Europe , " said Su Shaojun , chairman of Seven Star . "  It 's time for China to honor the spirit of human responsibility -- how passengers tried to save one another as the ship sank . " Last year Australian billionaire Clive Palmer announced he would be funding a working replica of the Titanic -- the Titanic II cruise . That ship is also being made by a Chinese shipyard and plans to set sail in the same year the theme park opens .	The life-size Titanic ship will permanently dock in Daying county , Sichuan province An iceberg collision simulation and historical museum will be included The 270-meter structure will cost $ 165 million and take two years to complete
Washington  CNN  -- Republican Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin is two for two . The Republican from Janesville , Wisconsin , has successfully appeased House Republicans and engaged President Barack Obama in as little as 48 hours . A feat near impossible in these times of extreme partisanship . After laying low , Ryan swept into the budget battle crippling Washington with a plan to break the stalemate that has resulted in a government shutdown and no agreement so far on avoiding a possible U.S. debt default . With an op-ed and some persuading , he effectively moved demands by tea party aligned House Republicans on government funding and debt away from Obamacare . Op-ed does n't mention Obamacare Ryan responds to critics That enabled House Republicans to propose an approach on Friday on the fiscal impasse that still has n't met President Barack Obama 's chief requirements , but has n't scotched negotiations , either . Obama , Boehner agree all sides should keep talking The Ryan Express chugged into the White House on Thursday with other House Republican leaders where he again waited for his opportunity to make an impact . In that meeting , progress seemed elusive as the two sides talked past each other . Then , the 2012 Republican vice presidential candidate stepped in . And the tone of the meeting changed . Key moment in White House meeting Ryan conceded his side would n't get all it wanted while Obama asked how he could make something happen . Borger : Goodbye to the strategy Republicans knew was a fantasy Republicans left the executive mansion expressing optimism , motivated to get to work . The White House admitted progress . But can Ryan push a deal over the finish line ? He might be the person in the Republican Party to do it . Ryan leaves drama to others In new book , Paul Ryan asks ` where do we go from here ? ' The Republican 's chief negotiator , House Speaker John Boehner , has been unable -- or unwilling -- to reach a deal with the President amid the shutdown . Boehner and Obama have a fractured history of bitter negotiations . Both said afterward they felt burned by the other . Though they did talk by phone on Friday and agreed talks should go on . Ryan and Obama , on the other hand , have a completely different relationship . They were the fiercest of competitors during the presidential election . Even after , they remain political foes . "  Now that the president is implementing his agenda , we 'll see that the benefits are far less than advertised , " Ryan said at the National Review Institute in January , just days after Obama was inaugurated for the second time . While they spent months criticizing and deriding each other on the campaign trail , the mantra of politics is not personal seems to be true with these two . After Thursday 's meeting , Republican Rep. Steve Southerland of Florida said they obviously respect each other . "  Paul and the President certainly have a pass through the last election and I think there 's a great respect between them . And you ca n't make that up . " Southerland said , adding that "  the communication between Paul and the President , I think , was an important part of the conversation . " What 's more , a White House official told CNN that the President viewed Ryan 's op-ed as an opening and provided an opportunity for negotiations to open the government and lift the ceiling to take place . Ryan is steeped in fiscal matters as chairman of the House Budget Committee . The two politicians are only nine years apart , and while their positions on government spending are the role of government sit on opposite ends of the political spectrum , the have a bit in common . They both tap into the younger generation yet have an academic approach to their work . But most importantly , they seem to get along . CNN 's Gloria Borger put it this way : Ryan and President Obama have a "  preexisting condition . " They have a prior relationship built on ideological differences not personal insult . "  They respect each other , " Borger said . The last time they worked together was six months ago . During the last budget battle in March , Obama invited Ryan and his Democratic counterpart on the Budget Committee , Rep. Chris Van Hollen , D-Maryland , to lunch . It was the first time Obama and Ryan had sat down together since the presidential race . Van Hollen said at the time that "  their relationship is developing . " One of their first public encounters , however , was mixed . When Obama invited himself to a Republican retreat in Baltimore in 2010 , he took questions from the members while the television cameras rolled . Ryan introduced himself as "  a ranking member of the Budget Committee , " indicating he was n't sure the president knew who he was . After a back and forth about the budget , the president abruptly cut Ryan off , ending the discussion . Obama later complimented Ryan , saying , "  I think Paul Ryan is a pretty sincere guy and has a beautiful family . " Obama joked . "  And by the way , in case he 's going to get a Republican challenge , I did n't mean it . Do n't want to hurt you , man . " Fast forward to today . While they have been on different sides of nearly every debate , their relationship is not broken . And in today 's Washington , that 's saying a lot . Shutdown polls : No winners , but a bigger loser Christie : ` If I was in the Senate right now , I 'd kill myself ' Coburn : Our spending addiction is out of control Supporters stand by representatives , and government shutdown CNN 's Dan Merica contributed to this report .	After keeping a low-profile , Paul Ryan emerges with key role in Washington 's standoff President Obama and Ryan are political rivals but not enemies He changed the tenor of a meeting at the White House and engaged Obama Obama and Ryan have past relationship that could benefit the negotiations
CNN  -- Investigators found the blood of Susan Powell , the mother of two who went missing in 2009 , inside the family 's Utah home and a handwritten will saying she feared for her life at the hands of her husband , court documents show . The documents , unsealed late Friday , offer a glimpse of the evidence authorities collected that put Powell 's husband at the center of the investigation into her December 2009 , disappearance . They also raise questions about why he was not arrested prior to killing himself and his two sons in a murder-suicide in February . "  If he had been in jail , our grandchildren would still be alive , " Chuck Cox , the father of Susan Powell , told Seattle-based CNN affiliate KOMO . Authorities say Josh Powell snatched the two boys -- Braden and Charlie -- from a social worker , who was delivering them for a supervised visit . He locked the doors and killed them and himself moments before his Puyallup , Washington , home exploded . "  Despite these events , Susan Powell is still missing . Her whereabouts , we have n't solved that yet . What happened to her , we still need to work on that , " West Valley City Police Chief Thayle "  Buzz " Nielsen told reporters , according to CNN affiliate KSL of Salt Lake City . "  My department is committed to locating Susan and bringing a resolution to this case . That 's why it 's still active . " The documents used as part of an affidavit to request a search warrant of Josh Powell 's Washington home are also tied to a criminal case involving his father , Steven Powell . Josh Powell maintained his innocence in his wife 's disappearance until his death . He had said he last saw her on December 6 , 2009 , after he and his two sons left after midnight to go camping in below-freezing weather in a desert area in Tooele County , Utah . Susan Powell 's sister reported her missing . A month later , Powell and his children moved from Utah to Washington where he moved in with his father . But the documents paint a picture of a man uncooperative with authorities whose story about the night his wife disappeared changed several times . They also reveal that one of the sons , Charlie , told a police investigator that "  his mommy went camping with them , although she did not come back with them and he did not know why , " the documents said . Weeks later in Washington , Charlie told a teacher that "  my mom is dead . " In the hours after Susan Powell was reported missing , authorities said they found two fans inside the living room sofa that appeared to have just been cleaned . A search of the Powell home found "  blood evidence was located on the tile floor next to the carpet adjacent to the sofa . Forensic tests of this blood indicated it was Susan Powell 's , " the documents said . The documents also reveal authorities found Susan Powell 's cell phone in the possession of Josh Powell . The phone was switched off and its portable memory chip , known as a SIM card , was missing , the documents said . "  We believe Josh intentionally removed that SIM card from the cell phone to intentionally thwart investigators , " said West Valley City Police Sgt. Mike Powell , who is not related to the family . He also later surrendered his cell phone to authorities , who say that phone also had its SIM card removed . During the early days of the investigation , a detective located a safe deposit box that Susan Powell opened at a bank in Salt Lake City . In the box , the detective found a letter that was folded and stapled around the edges . The letter was titled "  Last Will & Testament for Susan Powell . " "  This handwritten document indicates that she did not trust Josh Powell at all , " Sgt. Powell said . She wrote that her husband had "  threatened to destroy her if they get divorced and her children will not have a mother and father , " the documents said . It also said , according to the documents , that "  if Susan Powell dies it may not be an accident , even if it looks like one . " The documents also reveal that Susan Powell was terrified of her father-in-law , Steven Powell . Authorities have said they discovered child pornography on the computer of Steven Powell . He was subsequently jailed and charged with 14 counts of voyeurism involving two child victims , and one count of possessing pictures of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct , according to court records .	The blood of Susan Powell was found on tile , court documents say Powell left a will that said her husband threatened to destroy her , the documents say Powell was last seen on December 6 , 2009 , at her family 's Utah home Josh Powell killed his two sons and himself in February
Editor 's Note : This is the fourth in a five-part series exploring Judge Sonia Sotomayor 's background and life with those who know her , revealing the experiences that might shape her views as a Supreme Court justice . Sonia Sotomayor is flanked by her supervisor , Warren Murray , and D.A. Robert Morgenthau , right , in 1983 . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor graduated with honors from Ivy League schools . But she may have learned some of her most memorable lessons as a young prosecutor , following police into abandoned tenements and tracking down witnesses on the grimy streets of New York . Sotomayor joined the Manhattan District Attorney 's office in 1979 during an epic crime wave . Muggings , burglaries and assaults were rampant ; homicides topped 1,800 a year . She was recruited from Yale Law School by Robert M. Morgenthau , Manhattan 's district attorney . She was 25 , and her starting salary was $ 17,000 . The cases in Trial Bureau 50 seasoned the idealistic young lawyer and honed her trial skills . She could shred a witness on cross-examination and move a jury to tears , former colleagues recalled . New York City was awash in heroin , street crime and gun violence . To prepare for trials , she followed police into tenement shooting galleries , scaled rickety staircases in dilapidated buildings and fought off the stench of squalor to talk to reluctant witnesses . Sotomayor 's former colleagues and her legal foes describe her as intense , driven and politically astute . As a prosecutor , she had a commanding presence and put in long hours , chugging several cans a day of the diet soft drink Tab and chain-smoking cigarettes .  She no longer smokes .  Watch how she made an impression on fellow prosecutors " Trial Bureau 50 , with its crowded cubicles and walls painted the color of putty , has sent many lawyers onto distinguished careers in public service , including the late Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and John Kennedy Jr. . Sotomayor 's five years there , say Manhattan prosecutors past and present , make her uniquely qualified for the nation 's highest court . If confirmed , she would be the only justice who prosecuted criminal cases , presided over them and handled criminal appeals . See what would set Sotomayor apart on the court " "  If you can handle a felony case load in New York County , you can run a small country , " said Warren Murray , who ran the bureau when Sotomayor worked there , and still does . "  I think Sonia 's most interesting days were in the district attorney 's office , " said Hugh H. Mo , a former homicide prosecutor who supervised Sotomayor and tried cases with her . "  You can grow up in the projects and still be very sheltered . She got her education on the streets of Harlem . " Like most rookies , Sotomayor started with misdemeanors , juggling 60 to 80 cases at a time , working 12-hour days in the 1930s-era building on the tip of Manhattan , and pulling an occasional shift in night court . "  Some of the judges liked to use the new assistants to clear their calendars , " Morgenthau recalled . "  She quickly established herself as somebody the judges could n't push around . " On her second trial , Sotomayor met Dawn Cardi , a rookie Legal Aid lawyer who was trying her first case . They became best friends . "  We were both baby attorneys , " Cardi said . "  She 's really , really smart and very well-prepared . She was an excellent trial attorney . She had a talent for it . " Another defense attorney , Gerald Lefcourt , recalled Sotomayor as "  a very zealous prosecutor , " adding , "  She did n't see gray . She only saw black and white . " Sotomayor moved up quickly in the D.A. 's office . It was n't long before she was prosecuting murder cases . To prepare for trials , she hit the streets , working junkies and street characters for information and comforting grieving families . The work was sometimes unnerving , but it could also provide an adrenalin rush . "  You could feel the violence . It was palpable , " said Mo , who with Sotomayor accompanied detectives of Harlem 's 28th precinct into top-floor apartments in six-story tenements to prepare for what became known as the "  Tarzan Burglar " case . "  Normal people do not walk into these buildings , " he recalled . "  They were hangouts for drug addicts . " Robert M. Morgenthau remembers Sotomayor for her role in both the Tarzan Burglar case and in winning the office 's first conviction under a rewritten child pornography law . Sotomayor mentioned the lessons of the Tarzan case during her confirmation hearings . She said the case taught her "  the tragic consequences of needless deaths . " A family was destroyed after one of the siblings was killed by a bullet in the head , she said . "  They scattered to the four winds , and only one brother remained in New York who could testify , " she said Tuesday . The Tarzan case was Sotomayor 's rite of passage as a prosecutor . She sat second chair , meaning she assisted Mo , the lead prosecutor , at the murder trial of Richard Maddicks . Read the complaint  pdf Maddicks earned his nickname by swinging from building to building with rope and cables , Mo said . Along his route , he burglarized top-floor apartments , robbed residents and shot people who got in his way . Sotomayor convinced Maddicks ' girlfriend , Mabel Ivey , to testify , pointing out that she could shave years off her sentence in another case if she cooperated . They linked the murder weapon to Maddicks through a neighbor who sold liquor after-hours through a hole cut in the door of his basement apartment . Sotomayor questioned the man , Charles "  Wirdell " Brown , in court , Mo recalled . It was a high point in the colorful trial . She had the jury in tears as she questioned the girlfriend of a man fatally shot by the Tarzan Burglar . Sotomayor impressed Mo with her organizational skills and ability to boil a complicated case into the essential elements that resonate with jurors . She helped write his opening statement for the five-week trial and -- long before computers and PowerPoint -- crafted People 's Exhibit One , a large poster-board chart illustrating the pattern linking the Tarzan Burglar to his crimes . The chart somehow survived nearly three decades in Mo 's basement laundry room . During the trial , Sotomayor handled the questioning of half the 40 witnesses . Maddicks was convicted of murder , robbery and related crimes and sentenced to 62 1/2 years to life in prison . He 's still serving time "  upstate , " as Manhattan 's prosecutors say . Even 30 years ago , it was obvious Sotomayor was going places . See her life story told in pictures " "  Did anybody think she was going to the Supreme Court ? Of course not , " said Cardi . "  But when you look back , you see she always stood out . She was always really a cut above . " "  She was very focused , very ambitious , very competent , very hardworking , " Mo recalled . What struck him most , he said , was her confidence . "  She wanted to reach the highest pinnacle of the profession and did n't think that was far-fetched . You could see it . She wanted to make history , " Mo said .	Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor began her legal career as a prosecutor She worked in the Manhattan DA 's office from 1979 to 1984 Her former colleagues remember Sotomayor as driven and focused Manhattan DA Robert M. Morgenthau on Thursday 's Senate witness schedule
CNN  -- England went into the Rugby World Cup quarterfinals on Saturday after a dramatic late 16-12 victory over Scotland at Eden Park in New Zealand . Needing to win by more than seven points to reach the last eight , Scotland led 12-3 with 24 minutes to go . But Jonny Wilkinson found his touch to deny Scotland a famous victory , kicking a penalty and a drop kick before Chris Ashton scored a try with three minutes to go . Scotland picked up a bonus point , but need Georgia to beat Argentina by more than seven points on Sunday to reach the quarterfinals . ` Auld enemies ' bring rivalry to New Zealand "  It 's tough to take . We knew it would take an extraordinary effort to beat England today but once again we slipped at crucial times . It 's been the story of the last couple of weeks , " said Scotland captain Alastair Kellock . "  I 'm gutted , gutted . " England were unbeaten in four Group B matches and move on to a quarterfinal against France , whom they beat in the semifinals in Paris four years ago . "  Full credit to Scotland , we knew this was going to be an incredibly tough game and they made it that way , " said England skipper Lewis Moody . "  We 've come up on the right side of the result , but it was a tough game . " France went through despite losing for the second time in Group A , going down 19-14 against Tonga in Wellington on Saturday in the biggest upset of the tournament so far . The Pacific Islanders needed a bonus-point win , but fell short as Les Bleus went through in second place behind unbeaten New Zealand -- who face Canada on Sunday . "  We played really bad rugby , " France captain Thierry Dusautoir said . "  Congratulations to Tonga . They played with their hearts . "  We made too many mistakes and just could n't play a good game . Now we have got to sit down and talk about what we did today . " Tonga 's only try came in the 27th minute through scrumhalf Taniela Moa , with Kurt Morath converting for a 10-6 halftime lead . Morath made it 19-9 in the 71st minute after two second-half penalties , as France replacement Fabrice Estebanez was sin-binned , but a late try by Vincent Clerc made it safe for the 2007 tournament hosts . Two-time world champions Australia clinched a quarterfinal place by beating Russia 68-22 in Nelson , but could lose Drew Mitchell for the rest of the competition . The winger scored two of the Wallabies ' 10 tries before suffering a suspected torn hamstring Russia coach Nikolay Nerush stood down after a fourth successive defeat in the nation 's first World Cup appearance , but can take some heart after his side scored three tries against a team who had conceded just one in three previous matches . Ireland can regain top spot in Group C by beating third-placed Italy on Sunday , meaning Australia would play world champions South Africa in the last eight . Italy can also go through with a victory which would eliminate the Irish depending on bonus points , and give Nick Mallett 's team a clash against the Springboks side he once coached . Wales and Fiji will battle for second place in Group D on Sunday , with the British side needing just one point to progress .	England reach World Cup quarterfinals after dramatic 16-12 victory over Scotland Needing to win , Scotland were 12-3 ahead with 24 minutes to go Jonny Wilkinson kicked penalty and drop kick , Chris Ashton scored try to secure win England will next face France , who went through despite loss to Tonga
CNN  -- At first glance , Sergei Baltacha does n't exactly look like a man of international sporting history . Tall , slim and stylishly dressed , the 56-year-old appears to have more in common with a graphic designer or university professor than a globally renowned footballer . But make no mistake -- this is a man who has represented the USSR at a World Cup and a European Championships before breaking through football 's Iron Curtain to become the first player from the Soviet Union to play for an English club . Baltacha , who hails from Ukraine  then part of the USSR and currently a country in political and social turmoil  , was a cultured , yet physically tough defender and sweeper who made 300 appearances for Dynamo Kiev and earned 49 caps for the Soviet Union . He eventually brought his steely Soviet style to English league side Ipswich Town , blazing a trail for the likes of Georgi Kinkladze , Dmitri Kharine and Andrei Arshavin in the process . "  It was interesting because it was 1988 and at that time it started to be the history of Gorbachov , " of glasnost and perestroika , Baltacha said of the circumstances that surrounded his signing for The Tractor Boys in 1988 . There was interest from "  some Italian clubs , some from Switzerland  but  first time when I heard about Ipswich I would n't choose any other team because for me English football is everything . " "  I left everything that we have over there  in the USSR  . When we got all the papers , passports , we flew and we started for two years to live here . " Pitching up near the Norfolk coast was a far cry from the regimented footballing education Baltacha received back home , however . Strategy and attitudes to sport were far more sophisticated in his homeland than in England where a hard-drinking culture was still prevalent amongst players at many leading football clubs . Early days Baltacha had learned at the feet of Valeriy Lobanovskyi after all , a Dynamo Kiev hero and one of the most vaunted footballing coaches of the 20th century . Lobanovskyi was famed for his scientific focus on conditioning and no little tactical nous . He was also one of the first coaches to harness the power of computer technology to track performance levels and simulate game scenarios . Athletic and intelligent , the young Baltacha had the raw materials to succeed in the rigorous Lobanovskyi program . He was spotted by the Dynamo boss while still a teenager at the Kharkiv academy of footballing excellence which he had left home to attend at the age of 13 . By 1976 an offer to turn professional was on the table from Kiev . Dynamo had won the European Cup Winners ' Cup one year previously , becoming the first club side from the USSR to lift a major continental trophy . The decision to accept was not a difficult one . "  I joined Dynamo Kiev and it was huge club , huge competition , and you play each game in front of 100,000 people . It 's something special , " Baltacha said of his time in the Ukrainian capital . "  Kiev was one of the best in Europe from the content of coaching , from facilities , its a premier ground , the analysis , the background of teams . " "  Even when I came  to England  after I played for Dynamo twelve years  later  , the clubs did not do that kind of work that we had at Kiev . " This meticulous approach was something that would filter its way into the USSR national team after Lobonovskyi took charge for two spells during the 1980s . "  Dynamo Kiev was the best side in Russia at the time .  We had  maybe 12 , 14 or 15 or sometimes even 17 people who represented national team , " Baltacha said . "  But  we would  still be very friendly with other players from other clubs . We had unity which I think maybe was a strength of ours .  We were  like brothers and it really helped us . " International stage This promising group of players would go on to star at the 1980 Olympics in Moscow , the 1982 World Cup in Spain and the European Championships in Germany six years later . The Soviets would reach the final of Euro 88 where they would lose to a Marco van Basten inspired Holland . For football geeks , the game played at Munich 's Olympic Stadium represented a heavyweight clash of footballing philosophies -- the scientific approach of Lobanovskyi against the "  total football " ideals of Dutch manager Rinus Michels . Lobanovskyi 's Soviet side had beaten Holland 1-0 in the group stages earlier in the tournament , but Michels would get his revenge in the final thanks to a goal from Ruud Gullit and a wonder volley from van Basten . Baltacha was injured for much of the tournament , however , and only managed to make an appearance in the final as a substitute after his side had gone 2-0 down . It is for this reason he holds fonder memories of the 1982 World Cup in Spain . Although the Soviets were knocked out in the second stage , Baltacha was a key player at the heart of the USSR defense . "  The  World Cup in Spain was like dream come true for me , " Baltacha said . "  I could not wait . I remember each game , like I could not sleep before game because you want to step up on football pitch . " "  You 're going to bed like maybe ten o'clock in evening and you 're thinking about game . You 're focusing . You 're thinking about what can be happening . You 're thinking and you 're so excited you look at clock and it 's  already  three o'clock morning , " he laughingly adds . Despite the Soviet 's early exit , Baltacha regards the '82 World Cup as one of his proudest moments . He even scored a rare goal in the group stages against New Zealand . "  A lot of players will play in World Cup as forwards who never score and I was  a  center defender and I scored this goal . It 's like a dream you know . This is the most memorable memory of all , it was fantastic . " Other favored memories of this tournament include playing against Brazilian legends of the game such as Socrates ,   der and Zico . "  I will never forget  that  game against Brazil when we played in against   der and Zico . The two of them  scored  in the last ten minutes and we lost 2-1 , " he said . Foreign travels Baltacha began his British sojourn following his final international appearance in 1988 . After two seasons at Ipswich , he headed north of the border to Scotland , spending three years at St Johnstone before going on to manage Inverness Caledonian Thistle . Today , Baltacha spends his time coaching promising youngsters at English Championship side Charlton Athletic . Pitching up at such comparative footballing outposts was a far cry from his days at the pinnacle of European football but his family had settled in the UK . "  After ten years you realize kids grow up ... you realize you have your house here , your home here , your land here ... you are more than 15 years here and its how it happened ? " His son , Sergei Junior , was a promising footballer before injury curtailed his career . Daughter Elena , meanwhile , became a professional tennis player , reaching the number No. 1 ranking in Britain and breaking into the world 's top 50 . But tragedy struck earlier this year when she was diagnosed with liver cancer . Like her father , however , aggression in the face of adversity is a trait the now 30-year-old Elena has in spades . "  She was fighter during her days in sport and she is a fighter now , " he said . "  I would like to say thanks to everyone who is support  ing  us , sending message , emails , calling us to give us support or offer any advice or you know . " "  Most importantly we are all together , fighting all together . " Sage words from a man who made a sporting career out of just such a philosophy . See also : Super Eagle who flew to the top See also : The best beard in football ? See also : Is Lacrosse the secret to Wall Street success ?	Sergei Baltacha was the first footballer from the USSR to sign for an English club The central defender learned at the feet of legendary coach Valeriy Lobanovskyi Baltacha earned 49 caps for the old Soviet Union
CNN  -- With the blockbuster success of "  Fifty Shades of Grey , " many people are curious about dipping their toes  not to mention other body parts  into more sexually adventurous waters . I 'm always careful to make clear that while the adventures of Ana and Christian may make for a compelling erotic yarn , their story is by no means an accurate depiction of BDSM relationships  bondage , discipline , dominance , submission , sadism , masochism  , nor is "  Fifty Shades " any sort of guide book . For instruction on that topic , you 'll need to turn to the works of true sex-positive educators such as Clarisse Thorn or Tristan Taormino and their books "  The S&M Feminist " and "  The Ultimate Guide to Kink , " respectively . But there 's no denying that "  Fifty Shades " has sparked widespread interest in how to improve our sex lives -- and what better way to do that than via a good "  how-to " book ? If you 're uncomfortable talking about sex to your friends , doctor , therapist or even your partner , such books can be an important resource , whether they impart new information , help you work through an issue , inspire you to become more adventurous or simply turn you on . So , in the spirit of sharing , I asked some of my favorite sex experts to pick their favorite sex books : Debby Herbenick , a research scientist at Indiana University and the author of "  Sex Made Easy : " "  Hands down , I recommend ` The New Male Sexuality ' by Bernie Zilbergeld . A classic in the field , it gives a rich picture of men 's sexual lives including myths they 're taught about sex and common problems such as erectile issues , communication blocks and rapid ejaculation as well as solutions for these problems . " Joe Kort , a clinical sexologist and founder of the Center for Relationship and Sexual Health : "  I recommend Jack Morin 's ` The Erotic Mind , ' which helps remove the shame of sexual behaviors and fantasies by understanding what they mean in a nonsexual way . Morin addresses where fantasies and desires come from and how shame can be removed and replaced with healthy acceptance for individuals and couples . " Stay-at-home dads are sexy Amy Levine , sex coach and founder of Ignite Your Pleasure : " ` Hot Sex : Over 200 Things You Can Try Tonight ' by Jamye Waxman and Emily Morse is a fun , sensual , seductive , creative and tantalizing book filled with more than 200 ways to tease , play , entwine and explore . When I coach couples who are in a sex rut , I suggest they use this book as a tool . " Laura Berman , sex educator , researcher and therapist : "  If I had to pick , I would choose either ` The Anatomy of Love ' by Helen Fisher or ` The 5 Love Languages ' by Gary Chapman . Both are extremely helpful for couples to understand how men and women are wired differently and to learn how to love one another in a way that lasts . " Justin Lehmiller , Harvard University social psychologist and online sex columnist at The Psychology of Human Sexuality : " ` The Technology of Orgasm ' by Rachel Maines chronicles the history of ` hysteria , ' a bogus female medical condition that led to invention of the vibrator . Maines ' book is a meticulously researched , fascinating and humorous look at the origin of hysteria and the birth of the motorized sex toy . "  I also adore ` Bonk : The Curious Coupling of Science and Sex ' by Mary Roach , which traces the history of how scientists have studied sexual arousal and orgasm in a very engaging way that refuses to take itself too seriously and never gets bogged down in jargon or technicalities . "  On a personal level , ` Bonk ' holds a special place in my heart for helping me realize how much fun a career in sex research could be . " Megan Andelloux , certified sexuality educator and sexologist : " ` America 's War on Sex ' by Marty Klein describes ridiculous sex laws and research that Americans are led to believe are true . It 's a must-read book for anyone interested in sociology , psychology , sexuality education , law and parenting . "  I 'm also a fan of ` My Secret Garden ' by Nancy Friday , which discussed women 's fantasies well before erotica became truly popular . " Are you too tired for sex ? I 've read and recommend many of these books myself , and this list is only the beginning of many exceptional works worth exploring and learning from . In my opinion , no list would be complete without Esther Perel 's "  Mating in Captivity , " an excellent guide to integrating a sense of sexual mystery into long-term relationships . And on a personal note , in 10 years of writing sex books , my first , "  She Comes First : The Thinking Man 's Guide to Pleasuring a Woman , " remains my most popular . At the time , I often mused that many men -- through no fault of their own -- knew more about what was under the hood of a car than under a woman 's clothes or what was behind her orgasm . In writing "  She Comes First , " I am grateful to the Federation of Feminist Women 's Health Centers and their book , "  A New View of a Woman 's Body "  unfortunately now out of print  and to Rebecca Chalker 's excellent book , "  The Clitoral Truth . " Any man or woman truly interested in deepening their knowledge of a woman 's full sexual potential should give this book a read . No matter where your sexual interests lie , you 're sure to find something new on the shelves of your local bookstore . And if you 're too embarrassed to shop in person -- well , that 's the beauty of the Kindle , Nook and other e-readers -- no plain brown wrapper necessary ! Any books to add to the list that have helped you improve your sex life ? Tell me about them in the comments below . I 'm always looking for a good read . Sexonomics : Putting your ` erotic capital ' to work	The blockbuster "  Fifty Shades of Grey " has sparked widespread interest Ian Kerner asks some of his favorite sex experts to pick their favorite sex books Kerner says the list is only the beginning of many worth exploring and learning from
CNN  -- A U.S. Marine helicopter 's emergency landing into the ocean in Hawaii killed one Marine and injured three others Tuesday evening , the Marine Corps said Wednesday . Two of the injured crew members were in critical condition in a Honolulu hospital , while the third Marine was in stable condition , according to the military . The CH-53D Sea Stallion helicopter , carrying four crew members assigned to Marine Heavy Helicopter Squadron 363 , landed in shallow water about two miles from the Marines Corps Air Station at Kaneohe Bay at about 7:20 p.m. Tuesday , it said . The three injured crew members were flown to Queens Medical Center in Honolulu . "  The downed helicopter remains on its side in Kaneohe Bay and a salvage operation is being planned , " a Marine statement said . The name of the Marine who was killed will not be made public until a day after relatives are told , the statement said .	The CH-53D Sea Stallion helicopter made an emergency landing in Kaneohe Bay Two crew members are in critical condition , while one is stable
CNN  -- Taryn Lopez does n't think it got too terribly cold during the two days she was stranded on Alaska 's Mount Mageik volcano . "  I think about 28 degrees was the lowest we saw -- but then the temperature gauge was frozen , " she said Saturday evening from King Salmon , Alaska . Thanks to sleeping bags , waterproof gear and emergency supplies , Lopez , a fellow researcher and a pilot survived unharmed in their iced-over helicopter from Wednesday until a rescue chopper scooped them up Friday . Pilot Sam Egli took John Paskievitch , a geophysicist with the U.S. Geological Survey , and Lopez , a post-doctoral researcher , about 6,500 feet up the volcano on Wednesday . The researchers were picking up instruments to save them from the upcoming winter . Their work is aimed at learning how seismic readings are linked to the underlying causes of earthquakes . Some volcanic earthquakes quakes are caused by moving magma , water or gas , Lopez said . Knowing which substance is moving could help assess the risk of eruptions , she said . The trio took advantage of a break in the weather Wednesday to land at their highest instrument site on Mageik . "  There were blue skies when we landed , " she said . But within half an hour , Egli told the researchers he was concerned about ice on the rotors . "  We grabbed our stuff and got in the helicopter , " Lopez said , but even in the few minutes that took visibility became too poor for takeoff . Egli could call for help by satellite phone and radio , but the weather prevented a rescue attempt on Wednesday . On Thursday , rescuers circled overhead but could not land . Meanwhile , the three stayed in sleeping bags inside the helicopter except to answer nature 's calls and shoot a flare at the request of the rescuers . There was enough food and water on board . "  Even though it was n't that cold , it was pretty foul when you were outside , " Lopez said . Lopez , 33 , grew up in Rochester , Minnesota , and has spent time on mountains in Russia and Alaska , so she was prepared for the cold . But she was grateful for Paskievitch and Egli 's decades of experience in the field . "  I felt really luck to be with those people , " Lopez said . "  I know they kept us all alive . " She also praised the Alaska Air National Guard , which rescued her . "  It was such a relief hearing them up there even when they could n't get in , " she said . Paskievitch was n't available to talk Saturday -- because he was back out on the mountain . Lopez said he hoped to check on the condition of the helicopter , where the researchers had to leave their instruments .	NEW : Rescued researcher describes two days in sleeping bags inside chopper NEW : Research aimed at improving assessment of risks of eruption Trio stranded 6,500 feet up Mount Mageik They had emergency provisions and were rescued unharmed
CNN  -- President Obama faces a delicate balancing act in trying to contain Israel from launching a military strike while compelling Iran to halt its nuclear ambition . How he plays his hand will be a true test of his ability to pull a rabbit out of a hat . Meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel recently , President Obama emphasized his strong preference for using sanctions and diplomacy , but he 's not ruling out military force as an option . For war to be avoided , Iran or Israel will have to back down from its current position . For the Obama administration , the outcome of Iran 's parliamentary elections provides an opportunity for furthering negotiations . Seen as a major test for the regime , the March elections resulted in a victory for the ultraconservative factions of Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei . President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , whose supporters did not fare well at the polls , was weakened . After several years of internal division , the repudiation of Ahmadinejad consolidates Khamenei 's claims of unified support , giving him a freer hand to act and his parties a majority control in the parliament . However , many reformists boycotted the elections and candidates supporting Ahmadinejad were disqualified . Turnout was likely much lower than the 64 % that the government claimed . By most independent accounts , the election turnout was among the lowest in Iran 's history , signaling ebbing support for the hardline leadership . Iran 's election results , along with the strong rhetoric of the hawks from Tel Aviv , provide the Obama administration with a new but narrow opening to nudge Khamenei toward a compromise . While Iranian leaders remain defiant about their nuclear program , believing that a latent nuclear capacity is essential to the survival of the state , and hoping that the crippling impact of international sanctions would rally support to their cause , they do care about public opinion . They will be sensitive to the public 's resentment of sanctions . By reiterating U.S. commitment to non-interference in Iran 's domestic affairs  read : no regime change  and providing political and economic incentives for cooperation , the Obama administration could compel Khamenei to retreat from his pursuit of nuclear weapons . At the same time , the rise in President Obama 's electoral prospects in November puts him in a much stronger position vis-a-vis Netanyahu . With the Republican candidates in mutually assured destruction mode , and a slowly reviving economy , President Obama 's re-election chance has surged . It was an open secret that Netanyahu was strategizing with Republican heavyweights for regime change in the United States . Now it is more likely that Netanyahu is going to have to live with President Obama for another five years . While Netanyahu has no love for the president , the Israeli public knows that , in the end , they depend on the goodwill and support of the United States . As Time magazine reported on March 8 , 58 % of Israelis oppose a military strike on Iran without the support of the United States . Moving forward , the challenge for the Obama administration is to manage Israeli misgivings about the utility of an aggressive diplomatic approach toward Iran while simultaneously offering Iran a face-saving exit out of its defiant posture . Much like high-stakes diplomatic crises of previous eras involving nuclear weapons , such as the Cuban Missile Crisis , averting war depends as much on decisions made in Tel Aviv and Tehran , as it does on the ingenuity of American policymakers . If President Obama plays his hand well , he may be able to succeed at containing Israel 's military threat and compelling Iran to back down on its nuclear program . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nina Tannenwald and Hussein Banai .	Nina Tannenwald and Hussein Banai : President Obama faces a delicate balancing act They say he has to persuade either Israel or Iran to back down from its current position Tannenwald and Banai : Iran 's elections offer negotiation room for President Obama They say President Obama 's electoral prospects give him an upper hand in dealing with Israel
Washington  CNN  -- Inside a tall , red-brick building in Alexandria , Virginia , there is a federal courtroom just waiting for admitted intelligence leaker Edward Snowden to show up . But if he ever gets there , and it may be a while , the record of trials in the Eastern District of Virginia suggests justice could be swift and certain . The modern , high-security facility just south of the nation 's capital was the original home of what has come to be known as "  the rocket docket " -- a place where many cases proceed at lightning speed relative to legal proceedings elsewhere . High profile national security cases are tried there . It also is where the government 's criminal complaint against Snowden alleging violations of the Espionage Act was filed . There has been no indictment yet . While Snowden 's case is unusual and entangled in secrets that it could drag out for years , the Eastern District undeniably is one of the places that puts a premium on the concept of a "  speedy trial . " That 's why a guy in Snowden 's position -- now a world away in Russia with a grant of temporary asylum -- has to think about his next move . So what 's an NSA leaker to do ? Opinion : Former spy : U.S. gains with Snowden in Russia While it is not always wise to speak with certainty about matters of international intrigue , here are five possible moves Snowden could make . Option 1 : Find a way to get to a place of relative "  long term " refuge . In a major victory , Snowden won temporary political asylum in Russia . "  It 's a very significant achievement for Snowden . It gives him an entire year for him to figure out his options , to see if he can manage to get to one of the countries that has offered him asylum in South America . It takes him out of the discomfort of the transit zone and into Russia itself , where he presumably has to be with friends and associates and it just gives him a tremendous amount of time , " said international extradition lawyer Jacques Semmelman . The down side for Snowden is that his asylum is limited . "  It creates the possibility that there has to be something new that will come up in a year , " said CNN consultant and former FBI official Tom Fuentes . Option 2 : Negotiate a solution and return to the United States . Edward Snowden 's father , Lon Snowden , hoped at first that there might be a way to arrange for his son to return to the United States . But as of last week , he had changed his opinion dramatically after hearing commentary on the issue from Congress and the Obama administration . "  In this climate , I do n't believe that 's possible . So yes , I think Russia is the best place for him . Russia has the strength and conviction to protect my son . " But experts do n't think the Department of Justice is itching to strike a deal that would clear the way for Snowden 's return . "  The U.S. will not negotiate with fugitives as a matter of policy , " Semmelman said . Option 3 : Extradition . It 's the least of Snowden 's worries now . The United States has no extradition treaty with Russia . Why ? Because certain senators fought it out of fear Russia might ask the United States to hand over Russian dissidents and other defectors . The chances of the United States quickly ratifying an extradition treaty are unlikely . Option 4 : The "  no passport " play . This could be a problem for Snowden . When he was indicted , the State Department also revoked his passport . According to Fuentes , international agreements allow governments to deport people without valid passports to the country from which they entered or to the nation of their citizenship . "  So in this case , the Russians could at any time -- they could have done it already , they could do it now -- they could stick him back on a nonstop flight to U.S. and say goodbye ... or to Hong Kong where Snowden was last . " Hong Kong has an extradition agreement with the United States . Option 5 : Head to a nation 's embassy that will keep him . Experts say it is always a possibility to camp at a foreign embassy in Moscow or elsewhere . WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is inside the Ecuadorian Embassy in London . And Snowden is traveling with a representative of WikiLeaks . "  Once he is in an embassy , in the sovereignty of another country there is nothing the U.S. could do , " Semmelman said . Opinion : How Putin 's move could help Snowden and U.S. . What is not likely , we are told , is a scenario involving U.S. operatives grabbing Snowden off the streets of Moscow and delivering him to the Eastern District courtroom . That , say experts , only happens in Hollywood .	Granted temporary asylum , Edward Snowden has few options while in Russia The federal court in Alexandria , Virginia , specializes in the highest-level national security cases Snowden could be part of a negotiated deal to send him back to the United States However , extradition is unlikely in the case of Snowden , who 's addmited to leaking intel secrets
CNN  -- Real Madrid took a giant stride towards the knockout stage of the Champions League with a 1-0 win over Auxerre for their second straight win in the tough Group G on Tuesday night . A late goal from substitute Angel di Maria sealed the points for Jose Mourinho 's men who beat Ajax Amsterdam 2-0 in the Bernabeu in their group opener . The visitors had dominated the game and created a series of chances , but looked set for another goalless draw until di Maria struck with nine minutes left . The Argentine winger controlled a right-wing cross on his chest before volleying home . Auxerre had offered precious little in attack but moments before Real defender Pepe 's header struck his own post and bounced clear . The win leaves them with six points from two games , two clear of AC Milan , who drew 1-1 with Ajax in the other match played Tuesday in a group of three teams with illustrious records in the competition . Former Ajax striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic dealt his old side a blow with Milan 's equalizer -- his third in the tournament having scored twice in the opening 2-0 win over Auxerre . The Swede combined with Clarence Seedorf to pull them level in the 37th minute . Ajax had gone ahead in the 23rd minute , with Uruguay international Luis Suarez playing a vital part as he foxed Alessandro Nesta before sending a low cross for Moroccan international Mounir El Hamdaoui to score past past Milan goalkeeper Christian Abbiati . In Group H , Arsenal and Shakhtar Donetsk are forging clear after two straight wins apiece . Arsenal scored a thrilling 3-1 victory at 10-man Partizan Belgrade , while Ukrainian side Shakhtar were equally convincing 3-0 winners against Braga . Arsene Wenger 's Arsenal were coming off a shock 3-2 defeat to West Brom in the English Premier League on Saturday but survived some scares for a comfortable win . Man of the match Jack Wilshere brilliantly set up Andrey Arshavin to give them a 15th minute but Partizan draw level against the run of play through Brazil-born striker Cleo from the spot . Partizan Marko Jovanovic lost early in the second-half as he conceded a penalty but Arshavin saw his penalty saved by goalkeeper Vladimir Stojkovic before striker Marouane Chamakh put them ahead again on 71 minutes . Sebastien Squillaci nodded home substitute Samir Nasri 's corner to make it 3-1 in the 82nd minute before the underfire Lukasz Fabianski dived to his right to save Cleo 's late penalty for Partizan . Shakhtar 's Brazilian stars Douglas Costa and Luiz Adriano were key to their win as Braga , thrashed 6-0 at Arsenal in the first match , lost heavily on their home ground . Costa set up his teammate and compatriot for the first two goals and added the third from the spot in the last minute when converted after Paulo Cesar had fouled Willian in the area .	Real Madrid beat Auxerre 1-0 for second successive win in Group G Angel di Maria scores a late winner for Jose Mourinho 's team in France Zlatan Ibrahimovic grabs equalizer for AC Milan against Ajax Arsenal and Shakhtar Donetsk maintain perfect records in Group H
