CNN  -- It would be easy for someone with Norah Jones ' commercial and critical success to keep making albums that sound the same . In this millennium , where platinum  million-copy-selling  CDs are increasingly rare , each of her first four solo efforts has reached that lofty sales level , according to the Recording Industry Association of America . Jones ' 2002 debut , "  Come Away with Me , " reigns as a diamond  10 million copies  selling album , a feat that may not be revisited often these days , with CD sales lagging . Jones ' newest CD , "  Little Broken Hearts , " debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard Top 200 chart last month , making the singer five for five when it comes to her albums reaching the top three . But Jones has n't played it safe in recent years , taking serious stylistic detours . Billboard named her its jazz artist of the decade for 2000 to 2009 . But she has a history of diverse collaborations , including some with decidely non-jazz artists including the Foo Fighters , Willie Nelson and OutKast . In 2012 , Jones has released an album with her country-tinged side project , the Little Willies , and her latest solo effort is a collaboration with a man best known for his hip-hop beats , Brian "  Danger Mouse " Burton . "  I definitely do n't make music based on other people 's opinions or expectations , because I think that would be kind of weird , " she said , adding , "  I definitely do n't want to make the same album over and over , and I do n't think I have . And I think if you do know everything I do , it makes a lot more sense . If you just know my first couple of albums , absolutely , it seems a little different . " Jones said "  Little Broken Hearts " is a natural progression from her last few albums and from her work on Burton 's "  Rome " project last year . Jones said she and Burton enjoyed working together so much , she wanted to continue that relationship . "  I asked him if he wanted to produce some songs for me that I already had written for my last album , because I was looking for sort of a different sound , and I loved working with him on the ` Rome ' album , " she said . "  I knew that he had a whole different arsenal of sounds from what I was used to using . "  He said he 'd love to work together , but he 'd rather -- the way he works best , I think , is by being there from the start of the writing process , " Jones continued . "  So , that 's just totally different , because usually , I go in with songs already finished . And on this record , I went in with nothing , and we just wrote together , which was pretty fun , pretty different from how I 've ever worked . " Jones said she and Burton wrote the songs organically , picking up instruments and jamming . "  Sometimes , I would play bass , which I do n't even play , " she said . "  But it sounded good , because he was playing drums and needed something to lock into the groove . Sometimes , I 'd play guitar , or he would play guitar , and we 'd both switch around on guitar and keyboards . " Many reviews of "  Little Broken Hearts " have focused on the angry , wistful lyrics and vocals that seem to depict a difficult breakup . Pointed songs such as "  She 's 22 " and "  Miriam " give the album emotional heft . But Jones says people may be reading too much into the album . "  It 's just about sort of human interactions , which we all kind of go through . I mean , that 's not really what we went into the studio trying to do , " she said . "  It always feels good to write a song about an experience if you 're feeling it . But , it also was a lot of storytelling , you know -- a lot of writing interesting stories together . And once we got going , we sort of felt like there was a theme , so we just kind of kept going  down  that path . " Now , Jones and her band are meandering through three North American tour legs and two European legs through the end of October . They have been playing most of the new album at the earliest shows on this tour , and Jones says fans have been responding positively . "  Sometimes , you know , you start with a couple of new songs , and they clap , and they 're really excited , but you ca n't tell if they actually know the songs , and it can be interesting , " she said . "  But usually , people have already been yelling out some of the new songs , which is nice . " Days off from the job are few and far between on tour , so Jones and the band -- and her poodle Ralph , to whom she dedicated the song "  Man of the Hour " at a recent show in Atlanta -- try to make the most of life on the road , delving into local culture . "  We definitely try to eat good local food . Whenever we 're anywhere , the best way to do it when you do n't have a lot of time is to make sure you get a good local meal , " said Jones , who likes to cook when she 's back home in Brooklyn . On a recent day off in Memphis , she and the band rented a car and went to Graceland . "  At this point in the tour , we 're still excited and energetic , " she said . "  You know , there 's definitely those days where you just want to stay in your hotel all day and watch movies , and those are pretty nice . But usually , you try to do those in cities where it 's raining or there 's not much to do . "	Norah Jones is on tour with a new album "  Little Broken Hearts " debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard Top 200 chart last month Jones says concert-goers have been receptive to the new music The album is a collaboration with hip-hop beatmaster Danger Mouse
Tel Aviv , Israel  CNN  -- Water . A vital nutrient , yet one that is inaccessible to many worldwide . The World Health Organization reports that 780 million people do n't have access to clean water , and 3.4 million die each year due to water-borne diseases . But an Israeli company thinks it can play a part in alleviating the crisis by producing drinking water from thin air . Water-Gen has developed an Atmospheric Water-Generation Units using its "  GENius " heat exchanger to chill air and condense water vapor . "  The clean air enters our GENius heat exchanger system where it is dehumidified , the water is removed from the air and collected in a collection tank inside the unit , " says co-CEO Arye Kohavi . "  From there the water is passed through an extensive water filtration system which cleans it from possible chemical and microbiological contaminations , " he explains . "  The clean purified water is stored in an internal water tank which is kept continuously preserved to keep it at high quality over time . " Energy efficient Capturing atmospheric humidity is n't a ground-breaking invention in itself -- other companies already sell atmospheric water generators for commercial and domestic use -- but Water-Gen says it has made its water generator more energy efficient than others by using the cooled air created by the unit to chill incoming air . "  Several companies tried to extract water from the air , " says Kohavi . "  It looks simple , because air conditioning is extracting water from air . But the issue is to do it very efficiently , to produce as much water as you can per kilowatt of power consumed . " He adds : "  When you 're very , very efficient , it brings us to the point that it is a real solution . Water from air became actually a solution for drinking water . " The system produces 250-800 liters  65-210 gallons  of potable water a day depending on temperature and humidity conditions and Kohavi says it uses two cents ' worth of electricity to produce a liter of water . Civilian uses Developed primarily for the Israel Defense Forces  IDF  , Water-Gen says it has already sold units to militaries in seven countries , but Kohavi is keen to stress that the general population can also benefit from the technology . He explains : "  We believe that the products can be sold to developing countries in different civilian applications . For example in India , -LSB- drinking -RSB- water for homes is not available and will also be rare in the future . The Atmospheric Water-Generation Unit can be built as a residential unit and serve as a perfect water supply solution for homes in India . " Kohavi says Water-Gen 's units can produce a liter of water for 1.5 Rupees , as opposed to 15 Rupees for a liter of bottled water . Dirty water Another product Water-Gen has developed is a portable water purification system . It 's a battery-operated water filtration unit called Spring . Spring is able to filter 180 liters  48 gallons  of water , and fits into a backpack -- enabling water filtration on the go . "  You can go to any lake , any place , any river , anything in the field , usually contaminated with industrial waste , or anything like that and actually filter it into the best drinking water that exists , " says Kohavi . Major Alisa Zevin , head of the Facilities and Specialized Equipment Section for the IDF , says the unit is revolutionary for them . "  This unit gives logistic independence for the forces and make us ensure that we provide the soldiers high quality water , " she says . In 2013 , the IDF took Spring to the Philippines after Typhoon Haiyan devastated the island country and left 4.2 million people affected by water scarcity . The system filtered what was undrinkable water into potable water , and that is what Water-Gen hopes to accomplish elsewhere where the technology is needed . "  It 's something as a Westerner you can not understand because you have a perfect water in the pipe , but people are dying from lack of water , " says Kohavi . Although Water-Gen 's developments are n't a solution for the water crisis , Kohavi believes that the technology can do for countries that lack clean water , such as Haiti , what it has done for the Philippines . It can be the technology used to not only to filter water , but to save lives . "  They could actually bring solution , perfect solution , to the people over there , " says Kohavi . "  For the kids ... They can use the technology to filter water in the field . People are going days just to carry water . And all our solutions can be an alternative for that . "	Israeli company has developed device for extracting water from air It says its water generator is more energy efficient than others Its technologies are already used by the military in seven countries
The fire that engulfed a limousine on a bridge over the San Francisco Bay in May -- killing five members of a bachelorette party , including the bride-to-be -- was the result of friction between the car 's drive shaft and the rear floor board , investigators said Monday . They ruled the fire an accident and said no criminal charges will be filed . Nine passengers were traveling in the limousine as it crossed the San Mateo-Hayward Bridge on night of May 4 , including 31-year-old Neriza Fojas , who was celebrating her upcoming wedding . Driver Ricky Brown told CNN two days later that as he drove over the bridge , one of the passengers knocked on the partition separating him from the back and said "  smoke . " He thought she was asking to smoke a cigarette , he said , so he told her to wait just a few minutes because smoking was n't allowed inside the vehicle . After 30 seconds , she knocked again , Brown said . That 's when he smelled smoke and pulled over . Cell phone video shot by another driver shows the limo at the side of the bridge , the back engulfed in flames and the front in smoke . A "  catastrophic failure " of the limousine 's rear suspension system allowed the rapidly spinning drive shaft to come into contact with the floor pan , Capt. Mike Maskarich of the California Highway Patrol 's Redwood City office said . As the fire grew , it ignited the back seat , creating black smoke and flames that filled the passenger compartment , Foster City Fire Chief Michael Keefe said . The smoke and fire blocked access to the rear doors , leaving passengers with only one exit -- the small opening into the driver 's compartment , he said . San Mateo County District Attorney Steve Wagstaffe said Monday his office looked for anything that could have constituted a crime but found nothing . "  We 've explored all possibilities , and the conclusion is that this is a horrific tragedy , " he said . Whatever went wrong with the suspension system happened after the limo started crossing the bridge , investigators said . Video of the vehicle going through the bridge 's toll plaza does not show it riding low to the ground . The investigation showed , however , that the limousine was carrying two more people than allowed . It was rated for seven passengers but was carrying nine . The owner of the limousine company will be fined $ 7,500 for failing to operate safely , because there were n't enough seat belts for all nine passengers , said Brig. Gen. Jack Hagan , director of the safety and enforcement division of the California Public Utilities Commission , which oversees passenger carriers like limousines .	The limousine 's suspension system suffered a "  catastrophic failure " It created friction between the drive shaft and the floor board , igniting a fire Five members of a bachelorette party were killed , including bride-to-be Neriza Fojas
Rome  CNN  -- Silvio Berlusconi 's long strange trip through Italian politics -- and the nation 's justice system -- reached another stop Thursday as a Milan court sentenced the former prime minister to a year in prison for publishing secretly recorded details of a political rival 's telephone conversations . The conviction comes less than two weeks after Berlusconi came in a seemingly improbable second among voters as he tried to win back his old job . Whether Berlusconi , 76 , will ever set foot in prison is questionable . Berlusconi has been charged and convicted before but has never served time . Previous charges have either been overturned on appeal or dismissed because the statute of limitations had expired . Berlusconi 's lawyer , Piero Longo , said he will appeal . "  We are not surprised by the verdict because of the judiciary bias against our client , which is proven here by the lack of evidence against him in this case , " Longo told CNN . The cult of Silvio Berlusconi : Why Italians keep voting for him The former prime minister is currently appealing his conviction last year on tax fraud charges relating to the sale of film rights by his media company , Mediaset . He is also on trial over allegations he paid for sex with an underage prostitute . A decision in that case is could come as early as March 18 . Details of the case The case involves publication of details from a 2005 conversation between Piero Fassino -- a political rival of Berlusconi 's -- and the former chairman of an insurance group that at the time was close to taking over a large Italian bank . The takeover could have created a rival to Berlusconi 's Finnivest conglomerate . The transcript -- published in a newspaper run by Berlusconi 's brother , Paolo -- appeared to show Fassino , as head of the center-left opposition , had used his political position to help the insurance group take over Banco Nazionale del Lavoro . The ensuing scandal , which caused the deal to collapse , was widely viewed as an effort to discredit Fassino . The conversation was recorded by Italian financial crimes investigators , according to prosecutors , who argued Berlusconi bribed someone to obtain the recordings , then broke the law by publishing parts of them . Berlusconi has denied listening to the recordings or ordering their publication . Fassino issued a statement lauding the court 's decision . "  This is a ruling that restores truth and justice and confirms the judicial system , despite conscious criticism and mocking of the system for years , in a political campaign to vilify and delegitimize it , " he said . Jail time , fine According to court documents , Berlusconi was sentenced to one year in prison . Paolo Berlusconi received two years and three months . Silvio Berlusconi was also ordered to pay â ‚ ¬ 80,000  about $ 104,000  plus legal costs to Fassino , whose attorneys had been seeking â ‚ ¬ 1 million  about $ 1.3 million  in damages . His lawyers will appeal to increase the award , they said in a statement following the verdict . History of scandal Berlusconi -- who served on and off as prime minister between 1994 and 2011 -- is arguably one of the most colorful and controversial figures in the lively history of Italian politics . For years , he has been entangled in fraud , corruption and sex scandals that have often reached Italian courts . Berlusconi 's first conviction came in 1997 , four years after he was first elected prime minister and a year after he was removed after losing the support of other parties . The sentence in that conviction was suspended . A year later , in 1998 , a court convicted him of corruption and bribery , but those verdicts were overturned in 1999 and 2000 . In 2007 , prosecutors accused him of judicial corruption over accusations he paid a lawyer $ 600,000 in exchange for favorable testimony in two court case . He was also accused of tax fraud and receipt of stolen goods involving the same lawyer . A judge dismissed some tax fraud allegations and the stolen goods case in 1998 ; the corruption case ended in 2012 when a judge ruled the statute of limitations had run out . He was convicted in 2012 on allegations that he had engaged in tax fraud involving Mediaset . Prosecutors accused Berlusconi of reducing Mediaset 's tax liabilities by purchasing U.S. movie rights at inflated prices and then creating illegal slush funds . He is currently appealing that conviction . Sex scandals have also ensnared Berlusconi , whose wife filed for divorce in 2009 following reports of the then-prime minister 's involvement with an 18-year-old girl . Two years later , magistrates in Milan said they were investigating whether Berlusconi paid for sex with an underage prostitute named Ruby the Heartbreaker , then used his power to spring her from jail in an unrelated incident in which she was picked up for theft . Berlusconi 's trial on those charges began in 2011 , shortly before he resigned from office . Berlusconi has a vast business empire , including media holdings and construction companies . Forbes Magazine says he has a net worth of $ 6.2 billion . Journalist Barbie Nadeau reported from Rome , Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Peter Wilkinson , Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	NEW : Silvio Berlusconi will appeal the verdict NEW : His lawyer says the case shows judicial bias against Berlusconi The former prime minister was accused of publishing a rival 's wiretapped conversation Berlusconi 's brother also was sentenced to prison
Bamako , Mali  CNN  -- Mali 's historic cultural center , Timbuktu , lacks electricity , water and phone service , because "  terrorists " sabotaged the utilities there , a Paris-based spokesman for the ethnic Toureg separatist party MNLA said Thursday . MNLA spokesman Moussa Ag Assarid said most of the "  terrorists " fled Timbuktu for the desert after French planes on Tuesday bombed the militants ' headquarters , which was built by former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . However , Assarid warned , some militants remain in the fabled city . Assarid 's choice of the word "  terrorists " highlights the ever-shifting alliances as Mali devolves into a wild frontier . MNLA used to be aligned with Ansar Dine , one of the main Islamist groups fighting to take over Mali . But after MNLA ousted the Malian army from Timbuktu last year , Ansar Dine and al Qaeda drove MNLA away . The head of the United States ' African Command , Gen. Carter Ham , spoke at Howard University in Washington on Thursday about the situation . He said his ultimate goal is helping a legitimate Malian government based in the capital of Bamako control the whole country . U.S. has flown seven cargo missions to Mali "  Territorial integrity of Mali is nonnegotiable . No discussion of a separatist state or something like that . But , it also appears that Mali has asked for , and will need , some help to establish government control in the north , " Ham said . "  Realistically , we would all like to see the elimination of al Qaeda and others from northern Mali . Realistically , probably the best you can get is containment and disruption , so that al Qaeda is no longer able to control territory as they do today . " "  This must be in fact and in perception an African-led endeavor that is done at the request of the Malian government , and I think that is well under way now , " Ham added . But recent allegations against Malian troops have some human rights observers questioning whether the Malian army has right on its side , or just might . Malian soldiers have carried out a number of summary executions as they seek to drive back Islamist militants who have been advancing from the north , a human rights group claimed Thursday . Mali 's military offensive against the militants has gathered pace in the past two weeks , with backing from France and other international allies . Refugees tell harrowing stories of life under the Islamist militants who hold northern Mali in an iron grip . But the French-based International Federation for Human Rights said it was "  very alarmed " by reports that Malian soldiers are themselves carrying out extrajudicial killings and abuses as they counterstrike . FIDH claims the victims of these abuses have been anyone "  accused of complicity with the jihadists or infiltrated elements , persons in possession of weapons , people who have no proof of their identity during military patrols or simply people targeted because of their belonging to certain ethnic groups . " The group said it had confirmed that Malian forces have carried out numerous executions in the key conflict area between the north and south , particularly in the towns of Sevare , Mopti and Niono . "  In Sevare , at least 11 individuals were executed in the military camp , near the bus station and near the hospital , " the FIDH said . Reliable information indicates "  close to 20 other executions in the same area where bodies are said to have been buried very hastily , in particular in the wells . In the Niono region , Malian soldiers killed two Malians of Tuareg origin . " The group says it has also been told of other summary executions in central Mali , and documents the pillaging of Tuareg homes by government soldiers . What 's behind instability in Mali ? A Mali military spokesman declined to comment on the record about the rights group 's allegations . The FIDH called for the immediate establishment of an independent investigation commission "  to assess the scope of these abuses and sanction the perpetrators . " Although Malian and French politicians and military officials have repeatedly called for respect of international humanitarian law and human rights , the FIDH says it is concerned by the lack of scrutiny of these alleged violations . "  This series of grave abuses confirms the concerns that we have been expressing for several weeks , " said the group 's president , Souhayr Belhassent . "  These acts of revenge together with the extreme tensions that exists between the communities constitute an explosive cocktail leading us to fear that the worst could happen , especially in the context of the reconquering the North . " MNLA rebels who returned to Mali well-armed from fighting for the late Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi staged a military coup last year against the Malian government . Islamic extremists capitalized on the chaos , carving out a large haven in Mali 's north and imposing a strict interpretation of Sharia law . The Islamists banned music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television . They also destroyed historic tombs and shrines . Fellow rights group Amnesty International also has voiced concern over the actions of Mali 's army . "  Particularly troubling is that among the Malian forces -- as well as pro-government militia -- are individuals who enjoy impunity for egregious human rights violations , " wrote Scott Edwards , managing director of Crisis Prevention and Response at Amnesty International USA last week . Among other abuses , an Amnesty report last year accused the Malian army of "  indiscriminately " bombing the civilian population in response to the rebellion by armed Tuareg groups . More signs al Qaeda in Mali orchestrated Algeria attack Corinne Dufka , who heads Human Rights Watch in West Africa , told CNN on Thursday that education could help stem the "  worrying number of reprisal killings . " " -LSB- It -RSB- should be a wake-up call not only to the Malian army to nip this problem in the bud and investigate and hold those responsible , but also to Mali 's international partners -- the French , the European Union , the African forces who are coming in -- to acknowledge the weaknesses and problems within the Malian security forces , and then , to properly accompany them , to urgently train them in international humanitarian law and to mentor them so there are no further abuses in the future , " Dufka said . A CNN crew in Mali has heard anecdotal reports of abuses . It has encountered widespread hatred of the Tuareg in Mali , with many in the population blaming them for bringing the current conflict into Mali . The CNN crew has heard reports that the houses and possessions of Tuareg families have been destroyed by either citizens or Mali 's military . Many Tuareg are in hiding or keeping a low profile for fear of retribution from the public and military . Tuareg in refugee camps have repeatedly said they had to flee Mali because of violence against them . France 's involvement in Mali began the day after militants said January 10 that they had seized the city of Konna , east of Diabaly in central Mali , and were poised to advance south toward Bamako . Those events stoked fear among global security experts that Mali could become a new hub for terrorism . The FIDH is a multinational human rights body made up of 164 groups across the world , with delegations at the United Nations in Geneva , the European Union in Brussels and the International Criminal Court in The Hague . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek reported from Mali and Joseph Netto from Atlanta , Barbara Starr reported from Washington , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . Mark Morgenstein updated in Atlanta .	NEW : Tuareg separatist group blame "  terrorists " for Timbuktu 's problems A French human rights group says it has confirmed a number of executions by Malian forces Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch have also voiced concern France and others are backing a Malian offensive against Islamist and Tuareg militants
CNN  The man who stars as the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in "  Selma " seems as divinely appointed to the role as the leader he portrays was to the civil rights movement . David Oyelowo said it was seven years ago when he read the script for the film about the marches in the Alabama city and the fight to pass the Voting Rights Act of 1965 . He so felt God telling him the role of King was meant for him that he wrote the date down to remember it . But it was a long road for the British actor who was faced with everything from being little known beyond small parts in films like "  The Last King of Scotland " to those connected to the film having a different vision for who should star . Yet Oyelowo never lost faith . He told CNN that he took the challenge of playing one of history 's giants very seriously . "  Doubt ... never really beset me , " he said . "  What did hit me were moments of feeling the weight ... and the responsibility to get it right . " How do you pronounce ` Oyelowo ' ? Brad Pitt offers a singalong guide The film focuses on three months in Selma , Alabama , in 1965 when nonviolent protesters held civil rights marches including "  Bloody Sunday , " when law enforcement clashed with demonstrators using billy clubs and tear gas on Selma 's Edmund Pettus Bridge . Some lost their lives in the midst of the tension over the protests and Oyelowo said that in studying King he learned a great deal about how conflicted the leader felt during that time . "  The thing that really struck me was the weight and the guilt he felt about the people who were killed , " the actor said . Time magazine has called "  Selma " "  the film of the year " and noted that "  This solid , expertly managed drama , with its stark images of good men standing up to entrenched government evil , has earned critical hosannahs and could be the breakout favorite among year-end contenders for the Academy Award . " Oyelowo 's performance has been hailed for embracing both King the legend and the man . "  Oyelowo is superb in the central role of King , capturing his famous cadences without ever descending into mimicry , " Christopher Orr wriote for The Atlantic . "  This is a life-sized portrait of a larger-than-life figure , and never more so than in the scenes between King and his wife Coretta  Carmen Ejogo  , their marriage strained not only by the ever-present threat of violence but also by his own serial infidelities , which the movie handles with tact but does not shy away from . " The star is not the only one who sees a greater hand in the project . Oprah Winfrey served as one of the producers on the film and has a small role . She told Variety she believes it 's not accidental that the film , which will open nationwide on January 9 , is being released at a time when the nation is once again focused on race in the wake of the controversial deaths of black men in Ferguson , Missouri , and New York City . "  Divine timing is what it is , " said Winfrey , who also co-starred with Oyelowo in "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler " and has become his mentor . Oscar buzz is ever present for the movie in every category from best picture to best director for Ava DuVernay , who could become the first African-American woman nominated in the category . In addition to Winfrey , Brad Pitt also played a producing role , and the film festival circuit seems to have fallen in love with the movie . Filming , which happened in Alabama and Atlanta , was intense , Oyelowo said , especially filming King 's speech at the state capital in Montgomery .  The speeches in the film are approximations , because the King family reportedly blocked using the actual speeches .  Oyelowo said he had an eerie feeling in the days leading up to it . "  I felt this bizarre feeling of death around me , " he said . "  He had consistently been told not to make that speech as there was a real fear of possible assassination . At the end of the day I felt almost surprised that I would be alive . I know that sounds strange , but I feel like I had so deeply entrenched myself that I could feel some of the fears he must have felt . " Oyelowo prepped meticulously for the role : shaving his hairline back , gaining weight , losing his British accent , reading and studying film of King . He 's humble about a possible best actor Oscar nod  he 's already been nominated for several other awards , including a Golden Globe and a Critics Choice Award  , but said he is beyond satisfied with his performance . "  I know I gave it everything I possibly could , " he said . "  I am my own worst critic and the point beyond which I am happy to leave it alone is knowing there was n't one single thing I could do differently . "	The British actor is winning raves for his performance He has a spiritual connection to the role Oprah Winfrey calls the project "  divine timing "
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has said he does n't believe North Korea can fit a nuclear warhead on a missile , casting strong doubt on an alarming assessment disclosed last week by the Pentagon 's intelligence arm . And he warned the young North Korean leader Kim Jong Un that weeks of threats against the United States and South Korea had only served to isolate the regime further . CNN 's full coverage on North Korea Asked in an NBC News interview whether North Korea could put a nuclear weapon on a ballistic missile , Obama said , "  Based on our current intelligence assessments , we do not think that they have that capacity . " According to a snippet of a document read out by a congressman at a House Armed Services Committee hearing last week , the Pentagon 's Defense Intelligence Agency believes "  with moderate confidence " that the North has developed nuclear weapons it could deliver on a ballistic missile , although with low reliability . U.S. defense and intelligence officials sought to qualify the DIA 's words soon after they were made public , saying North Korea had n't "  fully " demonstrated the capabilities mentioned . But Obama 's comments in the NBC interview , which was recorded Monday and broadcast Tuesday , appear to be the strongest dismissal of the assessment yet . Obama cautioned , though , that amid North Korea 's recent dramatic threats , the United States has to "  make sure that we are dealing with every contingency out there . " "  That 's why I 've repositioned missile defense systems to guard against any miscalculation on their part , " he said , an apparent reference to the recent decision to move missile defenses to Guam , a Western Pacific territory that is home to U.S. naval and air bases that the North has cited as possible targets for attack . Recent threats Pyongyang intensified its threatening language last month when the U.N. Security voted to approve tougher sanctions on the North Korean regime following its latest underground nuclear test . Joint military exercises under way in South Korea by U.S. and South Korean troops , which take place each year , have also fed the North 's angry rhetoric . As well as its torrent of fiery words , which have included the threat of a nuclear attack on the United States and South Korea , the North has made a number of moves that have added to tensions on the Korean Peninsula . It has suspended activity at a manufacturing zone it jointly operates with the South , vowed to immediately restart a nuclear reactor it shuttered five years ago and moved mobile ballistic missiles to its east coast for what U.S. and South Korean officials say could be a possible test launch . Obama said that North Korea 's recent behavior under Kim Jong Un was both familiar and counterproductive . "  This is the same kind of pattern that we saw his father engage in and his grandfather before that , " he said , referring to the two previous North Korean leaders Kim Jong Il and Kim Il Sung . "  Since I came into office , the one thing I was clear about was , we 're not going to reward this kind of provocative behavior . You do n't get to bang your spoon on the table and somehow you get your way . " ` I 'm not a psychiatrist ' Asked if he thought Kim Jong Un was unstable , Obama said , "  I 'm not a psychiatrist , and , I do n't know the leader of North Korea . " But he said that "  the actions they 've taken , the rhetoric they 've engaged in has been provocative . " He warned that the situation may not calm down in the short term . "  I think all of us would anticipate that North Korea will probably make more provocative moves over the next several weeks , " Obama said . "  But our hope is that we can contain it and that we can move into a different phase , in which they try to work through diplomatically some of these issues , so that they can get back on a path where they 're actually feeding their people . " The U.S.-South Korean military exercises are due to carry on until the end of April . On the diplomatic front , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry visited three of North Korea 's neighbors in the past week -- South Korea , China and Japan -- and set out the conditions Pyongyang would have to meet in order to hold talks with the United States . "  The North has to move toward denuclearization , indicate a seriousness in doing so by reducing these threats , stop the testing and indicate it 's actually prepared to negotiate , " Kerry said in an interview with CNN on Monday . But North Korea has repeatedly insisted that its nuclear program is a necessary deterrent because of the threat posed to it by the United States and its allies . ' A crafty ploy ' A North Korean foreign ministry spokesman on Tuesday dismissed the U.S. suggestion of talks as "  nothing but a crafty ploy " to deflect blame for the rising tensions . The United States urging dialogue is like a robber "  calling for a negotiated solution while brandishing his gun , " the spokesman said in a statement published by the North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency . The statement appeared to leave open the possibility of some kind of talks . "  Genuine dialogue is possible only at the phase where the DPRK has acquired nuclear deterrent enough to defuse the U.S. threat of nuclear war unless the U.S. rolls back its hostile policy and nuclear threat and blackmail against the former , " it said , using the shortened version of North Korea 's official name , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . But Daniel Pinkston , senior analyst covering Northeast Asia for the International Crisis Group , said that the terms North Korea had set out were nonstarters . Pyongyang is saying it is willing to talk only if the rest of the world acquiesces to the status quo of a nuclear-armed North Korea , a situation unacceptable to the United States and the United Nations , he said . Meanwhile , the North Korean government continued Wednesday to prevent South Koreans from entering the Kaesong Industrial Complex , the shared manufacturing zone that sits on the North 's side of the border but houses operations of more than 120 South Korean companies . The North has also pulled out its workers from the complex , who number more than 50,000 . There had been hopes in South Korea that the North might return the situation to normal this week following the major public holiday Monday that marked the 101st anniversary of Kim Il Sung , the founder of North Korea . But so far , Pyongyang has n't budged . At the weekend , it dismissed Seoul 's proposal of talks over the complex , saying that what happens next depended on the South Korean government 's "  attitude . " READ MORE : North Korea 's threats : Five things to know READ MORE : North Korea threatens to strike without warning OPINION : Why I fled North Korea CNN 's Tim Schwarz and Judy Kwon contributed to this report .	Obama says Kim Jong Un is following familiar pattern of provocation He says intelligence suggests the North ca n't build a nuclear missile The North may make more provocative moves in the coming weeks , he warns North Korea has dismissed the idea of talks with the U.S. as "  a crafty ploy "
CNN  -- When sheriff 's deputies arrested Casey Anthony in 2008 over the death of her 2-year-old daughter , few would have anticipated it would end like this : just days after her trial , jailers arranging a clandestine release launching the Orlando woman back into a world where her story could make her rich or put her life in danger . But that 's precisely the scenario that will play out sometime Sunday when Anthony completes serving her time on four misdemeanor counts of misleading police . Anthony , 25 , was acquitted July 5 of murder and child neglect charges in the death of her daughter , Caylee , whose skeletal remains were found in 2008 in a wooded field . She was convicted on four counts of misleading police and was sentenced to four years in prison . After serving nearly three years in prison while awaiting trial , she was ordered released this weekend . The abrupt end to a criminal case that at times transfixed the nation resulted in anger and revulsion as well as donations of cash to her jailhouse account . It 's also led to speculation that the polarizing subject of the "  I Hate Casey Anthony " Facebook page -- and the source of ire for its more than 40,000 fans -- might change her name and appearance and move someplace far away . "  If her attorneys are doing the right thing and are doing their jobs , they 're going to have to explain to her that there is real hatred out there for her , that there have been death threats , that she can not just walk amongst the population , " HLN legal contributor Sunny Hostin said . "  That is not just going to happen . " Whatever she ends up doing , first she has to get out of jail . Few details have been publicly released about how Anthony will be let out of the Orange County Jail , where she has been held since her arrest in October 2008 . Court officials have released limited information to reporters , mostly plans to bring three journalists inside a secure area of the jail sometime late Friday or early Saturday and cut them off from outside access while they wait for Anthony 's release . When exactly Anthony will be freed has n't been made public . That 's in part likely due to the intense emotions Anthony 's release has generated . "  I know it 's bad God Forgive me but i hope someone wipes that smirk off her face . With a mack truck , " one poster on the "  I Hate Casey Anthony " Facebook page wrote . Another poster , referencing rumored lucrative interview , book and movie deals , said the only thing she 'd pay to see or read would be about "  Casey Anthony 's dead body . " The page features Anthony 's mug shot with a bullseye target on her forehead under the headline "  Hey , Casey , I 'd watch out if I were you , just sayin ' . " An Oklahoma woman said she has already faced the kind of ire Anthony may face when she 's no longer behind the protective walls of the Orange County Jail . Sammy Blackwell told CNN affiliate KOTV that a woman who mistook her for Anthony on July 8 rammed her car twice , flipping it over . "  She said that I was trying to hurt babies , I was killing babies and she was going to stop it before it happened again , " Blackwell told the station . As it happens , Blackwell has a daughter named Caylee too , but that 's the end of the similarities . She says she really does n't even look that much like Anthony and worries for women who do . Sheriff Jerry Demings said Tuesday that investigators are assessing threats to Anthony 's safety . While he said that the department was not aware of any credible threats to her life , it 's a concern that was clearly on his mind . "  Nobody has a right to take the law in their own hands , " he said . "  Casey Anthony had her day in court and the jury made a decision . I would hope people would step back and would not go out and commit another crime . " It 's also a concern for her attorneys . "  Myself and other members of the team are concerned for her safety , very much so , " one of her attorneys , Dorothy Sims , told HLN . What Anthony will do after her release is unclear . "  Well if I knew at this point I 'm sure you can appreciate that I would n't ' tell you , " Sims said . "  I do n't believe that that has been resolved . My hope for her would be that she would be left alone and her privacy would be respected . " Hostin said on CNN that she 's heard reports that Anthony will go into hiding , live under an assumed name or get plastic surgery . "  But I think we are going to hear her story because people have offered her a million dollars already for her story , " she said . Anthony also still has legal issues to deal with . Her criminal team is appealing her convictions for misleading police , and she is being sued in two separate actions in civil court . One is filed by a woman with the same name Anthony gave to investigators as the name of her daughter 's nanny . The other involves a search group that wants Anthony to repay expenses they incurred looking for Caylee . Anthony may be offered money for book and movie deals , but one offer wo n't be on the table . Playboy founder Hugh Hefner told CNN 's Piers Morgan that the magazine wo n't be offering Anthony a pictorial . "  I would n't reward someone like that for what has happened , " Hefner said . Attorney J. Cheney Mason , who once said he thought of Anthony as a granddaughter , said he does n't know what life holds in store for his client , but has hopes . "  She is only 25 year old . A decade from now , hopefully , she 'll have some stability in her life and maybe a husband , and they can be somewhere in Montana and start over , " he said .	NEW : "  I hate Casey Anthony " Facebook page contains threatening posts Casey Anthony is due to be released from jail sometime Sunday An attorney for her says she does not know what Anthony will do She was acquitted of murder and child neglect charges in the death of her daughter , Caylee
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- A U.S. federal air marshal may have violated Indian law after failing to properly secure his law enforcement equipment when inside the country , U.S. officials said Friday . The equipment brought into India included two pistol magazines and ammunition -- items the U.S. Transportation Security Administration says air marshals are supposed to secure as they enter another country . "  TSA is investigating this incident and working with Indian government officials to ensure that the facts of this incident are thoroughly reviewed , " federal officials said in a statement issued from the TSA by the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi . Delhi police did not confirm that a U.S. air marshal was part of the investigation , but P.N. Aggarwal , the joint commissioner of Delhi police , said that "  quite a few rounds  of ammunition  and two magazines " were discovered inside an air-conditioning duct in a hotel room . The description matched TSA 's of the equipment was "  not secured properly " by an air marshal in India . The found items led to an uncomfortable encounter for three Italians visiting India -- they were the last people to occupy the hotel room before the ammunition and magazines were found . The Italians had traveled on to Mumbai by the time the items were discovered and were called back to Delhi to talk with police . "  They were allowed to go , " Aggarwal said , after investigators found "  no evidence " against them . Neither Indian nor U.S. officials released the names of the Italians or the federal air marshal . Although Indian officialswould not confirm whether an air marshal was a suspect in the case , U.S. officials were more forthright . "  On June 1st , TSA was made aware of a situation regarding the failure of a Federal Air Marshal to properly secure his law enforcement equipment when entering India , " the TSA statement said . "  The equipment included two pistol magazines and ammunition , which is consistent with duty equipment issued to Federal Air Marshals for duty carry . " "  The Federal Air Marshal Service takes such incidents seriously ; agency policy requires Federal Air Marshals to adhere to international agreements to secure their law enforcement equipment when entering a foreign country . Federal Air Marshals found to have violated these agreements are subject to the full range of disciplinary measures up to and including removal . " . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh and Drew Griffin contributed to this report	Indian officials first questioned Italians who had been last to stay in room Indian officials did not confirm air marshal was suspect U.S. officials said they were working with Indians on incident
CNN  -- Two goals in three minutes from Abby Wambach and Alex Morgan put the United States into the final of the Women 's World Cup with a 3-1 victory over France Wednesday . The teams were tied at 1-1 until Wambach powered home a 79th minute header before young substitute Morgan sealed the victory with a cool finish . The United States will play Japan , who beat Sweden 3-1 in the second semifinal in Frankfurt to continue their superb run in the competition . Lauren Cheney had put the U.S. ahead in the Borussia-Park stadium in Moenchengladbach as early as the ninth minute . But France , who had beaten England on penalties in a dramatic quarterfinal , responded by dominating possession . Their deserved equalizer came in the 55th minute when Sonia Bompastor 's dangerous ball into the penalty area eluded U.S. goalkeeper Hope Solo without getting a further touch . At this point , France looked the more likely winners , but United States coach Pia Sundhage quickly introduced Morgan and Megan Rapinoe from the bench to change the course of the game . SI.com : 3 keys to the match Prolific striker Wambach put them ahead with a thumping header from a Cheney corner which left French goalkeeper Berangere Sapowicz with no chance . The excellent Rapinoe then played in Morgan with a neat pass and she chipped Sapowicz to wrap up the victory . But Sundhage ackowledged they had been thoroughly tested by a French side who played with considerable flair . "  I think France played very well . We lost our legs in the second half but then we picked it up , " she told Eurosport . The reigning Olympic champions are bidding for a record third World Cup title after winning in 1991 and 1999 before hosts Germany claimed the crown in 2003 and 2007 . Japan caused the upset of the tournament by stunning the Germans 1-0 in the quarterfinals and they showed their qualities again with a later impressive win over Sweden to make a World Cup final for the first time in their history . Sweden made a fast start as striker Josefine Oqvist thumped the opener past Japan goalkeeper Ayumi Kaihori on 10 minutes . But Japan striker Nahomi Kawasumi equalized with a fine individual goal nine minutes later and put them ahead after the break . Captain Homare Sawa wrapped up the Japan win with her fourth goal in five games as her side beat top European opposition for the second straight game . They will return to Frankfurt for Sunday 's final against the United States .	United States into final of Women 's World Cup in Germany U.S. beat France 3-1 in semifinal in Moenchengladbach Abby Wambach and Alex Morgan score goals to break out of 1-1 tie NEW : U.S. will play Japan who beat Sweden 3-1 in second semifinal in Frankfurt
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The FBI is asking for public assistance in finding a serial bank robber dubbed the "  Granddad Bandit , " who is believed to have struck in at least seven states . The man , thought by authorities to be between 50 and 60 years old , is suspected in a string of nine bank robberies beginning in April in Houston , Texas , the FBI 's Atlanta Field Office said in a news release . Since then , police believe he has robbed two banks in Atlanta and single banks in Roanoke , Virginia ; Little Rock , Arkansas ; Dallas , Texas ; Birmingham , Alabama ; Syracuse , New York ; and Tallahassee , Florida , the last bank robbery , which occurred on October 16 . "  His robberies are described as being calm , with a deliberate attempt to not attract attention to himself , " the FBI said . "  The robber quietly presents a demand note to the victim teller and thereafter departs the bank without disruption to normal banking business going on around him . " The man is described as being between 6 feet and 6 feet 4 inches tall and weighing between 220 and 250 pounds . He is described as stocky and bald , with short gray hair on the sides , and wears glasses . A $ 10,000 reward is being offered by law enforcement . To offer information in the case , contact the Atlanta FBI . In September , a man sought in at least 10 bank robberies in at least four states was arrested in Missouri . The FBI posted photos from the bank robberies on billboards , leading to the man identified as Chad Schaffner . A retired state trooper saw Schaffner in Kingdom City , Missouri , and notified authorities . Schaffner is suspected of robbing banks in states including Kentucky , North Carolina , South Carolina and Tennessee , authorities said .	Last bank robbery occurred October 16 in Tallahassee , Florida FBI : "  His robberies are described as being calm , with a deliberate attempt to not attract attention " He is described as stocky and bald , with short gray hair on the sides , and wears glasses
CNN  -- Officials with the Iowa Lottery are seeking the winner of a $ 10.75 million Hot Lotto jackpot who has until 4 p.m. Thursday to claim it . "  Someone legitimately won this money and we want them to take it home , " lottery CEO Terry Rich said in a news release . "  But you must present the winning ticket to the lottery in order to claim the prize . " The ticket , which was bought December 29 , 2010 , at a QuikTrip in Des Moines , must be redeemed by 4 p.m. Thursday . The ticket matched all six numbers : 3-12-16-26-33 and Hot Ball 11 . Few financial advisers would consider the $ 1 spent on the ticket to have been a wise investment . The buyer overcame 1 in 10.9 million odds to win , said Mary Neubauer , a spokeswoman for the state lottery . If the ticket is redeemed , the winner would owe 25 % in federal taxes and 5 % in state taxes , she said . But the possibility of taxes and the absence of a ticket have n't deterred the hopeful from lining up -- just in case . "  We 've been getting calls from the public all day long today , " Neubauer said Wednesday night . "  The closer that the deadline gets , the more people seem to be calling . " Huge-money ticket in Georgia goes unclaimed Some of the calls are from people who say they may have lost the ticket , or put it through a washing machine , she said . They are walked through a series of questions to determine whether they may indeed be the winner . So far , no luck . Other calls , she said , are from people who believe in the power of their own creativity . Once told they could not have been the winner , they call back again -- and again , each time with a different story , she said . "  That 's why we keep emphasizing that it comes down to -- you have to have the winning ticket , " she said . If the prize goes unclaimed , the money would return to the 15 lotteries that offer the game -- in proportion to the percentage of sales that came from each state . "  Iowa would get back about $ 1.3 million if this prize were to go unclaimed , " Rich said . States differ on how they would use the money . In Iowa , the money would go into the prize pools for future games . Though a $ 77 million jackpot went unclaimed this week in Georgia , such cases are exceedingly rare , said Neubauer .	$ 10.75 million jackpot is set to expire at 4 p.m. Thursday if no one claims it "  You must present the ticket in order to claim the prize , " lottery CEO Rich says $ 77 million jackpot went unclaimed this week in Georgia
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A New York woman is facing multiple fraud and larceny charges for allegedly pretending she had terminal cancer to get thousands of dollars from sympathetic donors to pay for an over-the-top wedding and honeymoon , according to a court statement released Tuesday . Jessica Vega , 25 , who was arrested last week in Virginia and later brought to New York , has been indicted on fraud and grand larceny charges and one misdemeanor in the alleged ruse . She could face up to 24 years behind bars if convicted . Vega is suspected of fabricating the tale to con sympathizers into buying her gifts and giving her money , according to a statement from the New York Attorney General 's Office . Officials said the scheme lasted from January 2010 to June 2010 and involved eliciting gifts from a bridal couture shop and a high-end restaurant . It is not clear how much money the alleged scheme netted , but it is believed to be in the thousands of dollars , said Attorney General 's Office spokeswoman Jennifer Givner . "  By pretending to have a terminal illness , Vega inexcusably took advantage of the community 's hearts and minds , and profited off of their generosity , " said Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman . Vega was married in May 2010 and allegedly "  went to Aruba for her honeymoon with expenses paid for by members of the mid-Hudson community touched by her story , " the statement said . The man Vega married , who was not named in the indictment , is not facing charges . Givner said the man says he was not involved in the alleged scheme . Vega remains at New York 's Orange County Jail , where her bail has been set at $ 10,000 cash or $ 30,000 bond , according to the jail 's record department . Vega , whose attorney could not be immediately reached for comment , is scheduled to appear in court on April 20 .	Jessica Vega , 25 , was arrested last week in Virginia She has been indicted on fraud and grand larceny charges She could face up to 24 years behind bars if convicted
CNN  -- Roger Federer suffered a stunning upset defeat to John Isner as the United States took a 2-0 lead Friday in their Davis Cup World Group first round match in Switzerland . Home favorite Federer was in action for the first time since losing to Rafael Nadal in the semifinals of the Australian Open and could find no answer to an inspired Isner , who won 4-6 6-3 7-6 6-2 . It followed an earlier 6-2 4-6 4-6 6-1 9-7 win for Mardy Fish over Stanislav Wawrinka in the first rubber of the tie . World No. 3 Federer was expected to tie it up on the indoor clay court in Fribourg , which was selected by the Swiss hosts , but Isner , best-known for his marathon match against Nicolas Mahut at Wimbledon , again showed his aptitude on the slower surface . Spain fury over drugs slur After dropping the opening set , the American took the next three to close out victory in two hours 40 minutes , ending a 15-match winning streak for Federer in the Davis Cup . "  The way I played today is the way I need to play in all my matches , " said Isner after his surprise victory . "  I owe it to Jim Courier  American Davis Cup captain  -- he was on at me to hit all my shots . It 's the win of my life . " Fish , despite his higher ranking , was not favored against Wawrinka , but showed his fighting qualities in a four hour 26 minute match . He played superbly in the fourth set to level the match for the loss of a single game and always looked the stronger in the 16-game decider . "  I lost a couple of long ones in Austin last year , and that feels so bad I just needed to win this one . ' Fish told the official Davis Cup website . Wawrinka and Federer will pair up for Saturday 's doubles where they will take on Mike Bryan and teenager Ryan Harrison . Meanwhile , holders Spain took a 2-0 lead over Kazakhstan after the opening day of their first round tussle in Oviedo . With World No. 2 Rafael Nadal missing the tie for the home team , it was left to Juan Carlos Ferrero and Nicolas Almagro to step up to the plate . Veteran Ferrero needed five sets to beat Mikhail Kukushkin 6-1 4-6 7-6 4-6 6-4 while Almagro eased past Andrey Golubev 6-3 4-6 6-1 6-1 .	Roger Federer beaten in Davis Cup tie in Switzerland John Isner wins in four sets as United States take 2-0 lead Mardy Fish saw off Stanislav Wawrinka in earlier match Holders Spain leading Kazakhstan 2-0 in Oviedo
CNN  -- The second round of talks between North Korea and the U.S.-led U.N. Command on the peninsula ended Friday . The talks were designed to set the stage for higher-level discussions on the sinking of a South Korean warship , for which North Korea has been blamed . The two sides met for about an hour and 45 minutes , a spokesman with the U.N. Command told CNN . They agreed to hold another colonel-level meeting next Thursday . Friday 's was the second meeting between the two parties since the March attack on the Cheonan , which killed 46 South Korean sailors . An international investigation blamed North Korea for the sinking , an assertion the North has denied . Officers from both sides met in Panmunjom in the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea . The demilitarized zone was created as part of the armistice signed between the two Koreas in 1953 that halted fighting in the Korean War , but the war has never officially ended . The United Nations and North Korea began occasional meetings between generals -- "  general officer talks " -- at Panmunjom in 1998 in an effort to lessen tensions . South Korea has said that an investigation concluded that a North Korean submarine fired a torpedo that sunk the South Korea warship . Earlier this month , the United Nations formally condemned the sinking of the Cheonan , but did not specifically name North Korea . "  The Security Council deplores the attack , " the 15-member council said in what is known as a presidential statement . It urged that "  appropriate and peaceful measures be taken against those responsible for the incident aimed at the peaceful settlement of the issue . " It also called for full adherence to the 1953 armistice agreement . At the Friday meeting , the U.N. Command proposed a joint group to assess any armistice violations in the warship 's sinking . The two sides adjourned after they agreed to develop specific proposals , the Command said .	NEW : The two sides will meet again next Thursday The talks are designed to set the stage for higher-level discussions U.N. Command : The 2nd round of talks last 1 hour and 45 minutes North Korea has been blamed for the sinking of the warship Cheonan , but denies it
CNN  -- A Saudi Arabian blogger detained in December , ostensibly because he supported reform advocates accused by the Saudi government of backing terrorism , has been released , a fellow blogger posted Saturday . Web sites like this one pushed for Fouad al-Farhan 's release . Ahmed al-Omran said on his blog , saudijeans.org , and later told CNN that he was awakened by a text message from the wife of Fouad al-Farhan , saying he had been released and was at home with his family . "  That 's great news , and this is just how I wanted to start my morning , " al-Omran wrote . He said he later spoke with al-Farhan for several minutes on the telephone . "  He sounded fine ; he seems to be in good spirits , " al-Omran said . "  He said he would have more to talk about later but not at this point . He said now he 'd like to take some time to spend with his family , with his children that he has n't seen for so long . " Watch al-Omran describe his conversation with al-Farhan " A Web site set up to call for al-Farhan 's release said , "  Fouad is free . He is back home in Jeddah after 137 days in custody . " The Saudi Interior Ministry said it had no immediate comment on the reports . In January , a ministry spokesman said al-Farhan was arrested December 10 "  because he violated the regulations of the kingdom . " But in an e-mail posted on al-Farhan 's Web site after his arrest , he told friends that he faced arrest for supporting 10 reform advocates the Saudi government accused of backing terrorism . In the e-mail , al-Farhan said a senior Interior Ministry official promised that he would remain in custody for three days at most if he agreed to sign a letter of apology . "  I 'm not sure if I 'm ready to do that , " he wrote . "  An apology for what ? Apologizing because I said the government is -LSB- a -RSB- liar when they accused those guys of supporting terrorism ? " Al-Farhan , who blogs at alfarhan.org , is one of the few Saudi Web commentators to use his own name , according to the U.S.-based Committee to Protect Journalists . In January , the Bush administration expressed its concerns to the Saudi government regarding al-Farhan 's detention at "  a relatively senior level , " U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said . "  The U.S. stands for freedom of expression , " McCormack said at the time . "  Wherever people are seeking to express themselves , via the Internet or via other areas , whether in Saudi Arabia or elsewhere in the world , we stand with that freedom of expression , and that was our message to the Saudi government . " The American Islamic Congress , a U.S.-based nonprofit organization , launched an online letter-writing campaign aimed at freeing al-Farhan , whom it called "  the godfather of Saudi blogging . " "  All he did was express his opinions in a very obvious way , and he did n't threaten anyone , " al-Omran said . "  He was advocating against violence and terrorism . " Al-Omran said al-Farhan had stopped blogging for a few months in late 2006 , after the Interior Ministry ordered him to take down a blog he was operating , but he began again at a new site . He said al-Farhan told him he was treated well in jail . He also called al-Farhan 's release a turning point for the blogging community in Saudi Arabia . "  It showed the community of bloggers in Saudi Arabia can come together and support this cause -- support his freedom of speech -- even those who did n't agree with some of the things he wrote , " he said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	NEW : Friend says blogger "  in good spirits " and spending time with family Fouad al-Farhan detained in December by Saudi government for his blog Al-Farhan was held because he supported reform advocates , a blog says Saudi government accused him of supporting terrorism through his blog
CNN  -- A reported arsonist on board an Etihad Airways flight is being blamed for an emergency landing . According to Etihad Airways , flight EY461 from Melbourne to Abu Dhabi had to make an emergency stop in Jakarta on Monday after smoke was detected in bathrooms mid-flight . "  It was very smoky , and it felt like the aircraft had filled with smoke , " said passenger Sarah Jefferey , as reported by the Sydney Morning Herald . "  When smoke was detected in two of the toilets ... the captain decided to divert the aircraft as a precautionary measure and land in Jakarta in order to allow the authorities to assist him to conduct a security assessment of the situation , " said the airline in a statement . After a search of the aircraft , passengers and carry-on luggage , the flight took off from Jakarta , continuing to Abu Dhabi . Etihad Airways , the national carrier of the United Arab Emirates , did n't say whether any passengers were removed from the flight in Jakarta . According to an updated statement from the airline , 12 passengers are being held by Abu Dhabi security authorities . No arrests have been made . More smoke Despite strict controls over passenger movements instituted by the pilot , that was n't the end of the smoking bathrooms . Yet another toilet smoke alarm went off two hours before arrival in Abu Dhabi . At this point , flight attendants ceased normal service to take up watch at each restroom and to monitor passenger access , said the airline . The plane landed in Abu Dhabi four hours behind schedule . No injuries were reported . First person account While Etihad Airways ' official statement made no mention of an arsonist -- simply noting that smoke had been detected on board -- several passengers say they were told upon landing in Jakarta that someone had started fires on the plane . Passenger Graham Foote , a singer traveling to Abu Dhabi for a performance , told CNN he became aware of the issue when cabin lights suddenly came on five hours into the flight . "  I looked at the inflight map and discovered that we were 90 minutes out from our destination , which seemed unusual given it 's a 13-hour flight , " said Foote . "  The captain then came over the intercom and announced that there had been a security breach and that we were diverting to Jakarta . " Other passengers say the reason for the diversion was explained to them only after landing in Jakarta . "  Upon arrival in Jakarta , we were told that a passenger had attempted to light two fires on the aircraft , " said Foote . When more smoke began coming from the bathroom following the Jakarta takeoff , all semblance of normal service -- including food and drink service -- was abandoned . "  Approximately two hours  away  from Abu Dhabi , we were informed that the arsonist had made another attempt and that all service was to be suspended , " said Foote . "  The cabin staff also further restricted bathroom access at this point , checking the trash and toilet after every passenger had been inside . " Suspects While the Sydney Morning Herald reports that a female passenger is a suspect , Foote said that two men "  of Middle Eastern origin " seemed to be the subjects of investigation and were detained by police upon arrival in Abu Dhabi . "  One of the guys had a very nervous demeanor and intermittently changed seats throughout the flight from directly in front of me to another vacant seat with his travel companion , " said Foote . "  During the first flight , when he entered the bathroom about seven staff members were congregated around the area , two of whom held fire extinguishers . " Upon landing at Abu Dhabi Airport , all passengers and crew were interviewed by authorities . Etihad Airways has not commented on suspects , stating only that the event is still under investigation . Abu Dhabi police are also investigating the incident . Passengers have lauded the airline 's crew for rising to the occasion . Passenger Paul Ross wrote to CNN praising the airplane crew 's response . "  The crew on this flight should be highly commended , " wrote Ross . "  They dealt with these incidents with complete professionalism . They ensured there was no panic and kept passengers on the plane calm and settled . " Foote called the crew 's response "  extraordinary . " As for his own state of mind during the episode , Foote said that the flight felt "  so surreal it did n't really feel dangerous . " "  Like most passengers on board , my biggest reaction was frustration at the delay and anger toward the person or persons who were attempting to light the fire . "	Flight EY461 from Melbourne to Abu Dhabi made emergency landing in Jakarta Cause of emergency landing reportedly a passenger setting fires in bathrooms Plane reached Abu Dhabi four hours behind schedule
London  CNN  -- Four current and former employees of Britain 's Sun newspaper were arrested by authorities investigating claims of inappropriate payments to police , News Corp. and police said Saturday . Police searched the men 's homes as well as the East London offices of News International , the News Corp. subsidiary that publishes the Sun and other U.K. newspapers , London 's Metropolitan Police Service said . A 29-year-old police officer was also arrested Saturday at the central London police station where he works , police said , on suspicion of corruption , misconduct in a public office and conspiracy in relation to both offenses . He works for the force 's Territorial Policing command . Three of the men were arrested at their homes -- two of them , aged 49 and 57 , in the county of Essex , and one aged 48 in London . A fourth , aged 42 , was arrested at an east London police station . By late Saturday , police said that all five men were subsequently released after posting bail . The current and past newspaper employees were all set to "  return pending further inquiries " in April or May , according to the Scotland Yard statement . Earlier , they 'd been questioned on suspicion of corruption , aiding and abetting misconduct in a public office , and conspiracy in relation to those offenses . The operation "  relates to suspected payments to police officers and is not about seeking journalists to reveal confidential sources in relation to information that has been obtained legitimately , " an earlier police statement said . News Corp. said it is cooperating with the search of its News International offices . Police said the operation was the result of information provided to police by News Corporation 's Management and Standards Committee  MSC  , which was set up to look into conduct at News International , a subsidiary of News Corp. . The News Corp. statement said the company had "  made a commitment last summer that unacceptable news gathering practices by individuals in the past would not be repeated . " The committee was asked "  to proactively co-operate with law enforcement and other authorities if potentially relevant information arose at those titles . As a result of that review , which is ongoing , the MSC provided information to the Elveden investigation which led to today 's arrests . " The Sun , which is Britain 's best-selling tabloid newspaper , was the sister paper of News International 's now-defunct Sunday title , the News of the World . A spokeswoman for News International earlier declined to comment on the search of its offices . The investigation into alleged corruption , known as Operation Elveden , is being run in conjunction with an inquiry into phone hacking prompted by allegations of wrongdoing at News of the World . The best-selling News of the World tabloid was shuttered in July amid outrage over claims that its staff hacked the voicemail of a missing 13-year-old girl who turned out to have been murdered . James Murdoch , chief executive of News International and the son of media mogul Rupert Murdoch , has insisted that the practice of phone hacking was not widespread . News Group Newspapers , a subsidiary of News International that was the publisher of News of the World , agreed to payouts in the High Court totaling hundreds of thousands of dollars earlier this month over phone hacking claims . Among those who read statements in court were Labour Party lawmaker Chris Bryant , former Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott , actor Jude Law , the actor 's ex-wife Sadie Frost , and high-profile rugby player Gavin Henson . News International said the company "  made no admission as part of these settlements that directors or senior employees knew about the wrongdoing by NGN or sought to conceal it . However , for the purpose of reaching these settlements only , NGN agreed that the damages to be paid to claimants should be assessed as if this was the case . " Both James and Rupert Murdoch , as well as senior executives at News International , have testified before British lawmakers examining allegations of wrongdoing . A public inquiry has also been set up to look at claims of widespread misconduct by the British media . Representatives of a range of news outlets have appeared before it . There have been 13 arrests in connection with Operation Elveden and 17 in relation to Operation Weeting , the phone hacking inquiry , the Metropolitan Police confirmed . Three people have been arrested in connection with both investigations . Operation Elveden is overseen by the British police watchdog , the Independent Police Complaints Commission .	NEW : Those arrested have been bailed and the searches are over , police say Four current and former Sun employees had been arrested , News Corp. says A 29-year-old police officer has also been arrested , London police say The arrests were made as part of an investigation into corruption allegations
Rivers overflowed their banks , mudslides buried houses and roadways flooded as fierce tropical storm systems hit opposite sides of Mexico , killing at least 21 people , an official said . State media reported one more death . At least 16 people were killed when Manuel , downgraded later to a tropical depression , hit the Pacific coastal state of Guerrero , including a group of six tourists from Mexico City who died in a highway accident Saturday as the storm struck , Mexico 's state-run Notimex news agency said . And flooding and mudslides caused by Hurricane Ingrid 's rains killed at least six people in the states of Hidalgo and Puebla , Notimex said . Three people were killed when rains swept away the vehicle they were riding in , Notimex said Saturday . And three others were killed when a mudslide buried a house . Luis Felipe Puente , from Mexico 's civil protection agency , reported the 21 figure at a Sunday press conference . Another news conference is scheduled for Monday morning . Forecasters said the Category 1 hurricane , packing maximum sustained winds of 75 mph , is expected to make landfall Monday morning and could strengthen slightly before it hits . But even as Ingrid churned in the Gulf of Mexico , the storm system was already dumping heavy rains on parts of Mexico . Residents of Mexico 's central state of San Luis Potosi felt the first signs of Ingrid 's outer bands Saturday . Notimex reported damaged and collapsed roads and flooded homes . It said authorities evacuated residents in danger areas , taking them to one of more than 50 shelters in the region . Track Ingrid Emergency crews distributed supplies in boats to areas unreachable by land . Riverside towns were stranded after the water rose to critical levels . The National Hurricane Center in the United States warned Ingrid could dump 10 to 15 inches of rain over Mexico 's eastern region , with 25 inches expected in mountainous areas . The rainfall would mean flash floods and mudslides for saturated areas . Along the coast , the center predicted a "  dangerous storm surge " and "  destructive waves . " Ingrid is the second hurricane of the 2013 season in the Atlantic region , the center said . Fast facts : 2013 Atlantic Hurricane season	Rains , flooding and mudslides from Ingrid and Manuel kill at least 21 Hurricane Ingrid is in the Gulf of Mexico while Tropical Depression Manuel is in the Pacific Storms leave behind collapsed roads , flooded homes , stranded towns
CNN  -- A group of native Hawaiians occupied the grounds of the old Hawaiian monarchy 's royal residence Wednesday , vowing to stay and do the business of the kingdom 's government . A member of the protest group Hawaiian Kingdom Government unlocks the palace gate . "  It is through a greater realm than ours " that the group took this action , said Mahealani Kahau , elected leader of the group , called Hawaiian Kingdom Government . "  Today and every day , we will be here to assume our role . " Group members left the palace grounds Wednesday afternoon , but vowed to return Thursday morning , The Honolulu Advertiser reported . "  We 'll be here at 6 o'clock in the morning , " Kahau told the newspaper . The group is one of several in Hawaii that reject statehood and seek to return to the constitutional monarchy that effectively ended in 1893 when a group of politicians , businessmen and sugar planters -- aided by the U.S. minister to Hawaii -- overthrew the kingdom 's government . The monarchist groups say that the kingdom was overthrown and annexed into the United States illegally . Hawaii 's office of the attorney general did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment on Wednesday 's action . The staff of Iolani Palace , built in 1882 and now operated as a museum , shut down the building to visitors . The 60 or so protesters occupied the grounds , chaining the gates and stationing guards there to explain to visitors the purpose of the action . The group later reopened the gates , but remained on the grounds and the building was kept closed . "  It saddens my heart to have to turn away visitors , " said palace staff member Cindy Ascencio , who added that although she , too , is a native Hawaiian , she does not understand the actions of the group . Ascencio also said that the group appeared peaceful and she was not concerned about security . Jose Carrion , a visitor to Hawaii from Puerto Rico , told Honolulu 's KHON-TV that he was "  disappointed " he would n't be able to visit the ornate palace and "  learn about the culture of the Hawaiians . " "  We wanted to come here precisely because we thought we 'd learn something about the history of Hawaii and the last queen and the monarchy , " said Carrion , who said he had reservations for the visit . "  But we 're leaving tomorrow so we wo n't get to see the palace . " But Carrion also said he "  kind of understood " the actions of the group . Puerto Rico and Hawaii , along with Guam and the Philippines , were annexed into the United States in 1898 after the Spanish-American War . Guam and Puerto Rico remain territories of the United States . The Philippines gained independence after World War II , and Hawaii became the 50th state in 1959 . Although the monarchy was not overthrown until 1893 , its fate effectively was sealed six years earlier when the same group that forced the overthrow imposed a new constitution on King David Kalakaua , who was forced to sign it under threat of arms . The document dramatically reduced the authority of the monarchy and instituted voter requirements that limited voting to wealthy businessmen and Hawaiian landowners , barring 75 percent of the native Hawaiian population and all Asians . When Queen Lili'uokalani ascended the throne after the death of her brother in 1891 , she began work on a new constitution that would have effectively reversed the 1887 document . With the help of John L. Stevens , the U.S. minister to Hawaii , the elite group that had changed the constitution in 1887 opposed the queen 's actions . Two years later , under threat of U.S. troops , she yielded her authority , saying , "  Until such time as the Government of the United States shall ... undo the action of its representative and reinstate me in the authority which I claim as the constitutional sovereign of the Hawaiian Islands . " The queen was later imprisoned in Iolani Palace for eight months for her participation in an attempted 1895 revolt , until she relinquished her claim to the throne in return for her release . She died in 1917 at 79 . In 1993 , the U.S. Congress approved , and President Clinton signed , an apology to the people of the Hawaiian Islands . The document "  acknowledges that the overthrow of the Kingdom of Hawaii occurred with the active participation of agents and citizens of the United States and further acknowledges that the Native Hawaiian people never directly relinquished to the United States their claims to their inherent sovereignty as a people over their national lands , either through the Kingdom of Hawaii or through a plebiscite or referendum . " Although it was used as a seat of government for decades after the deposition of Lili'uokalani , the palace fell into disrepair . When the last of the government office moved out and into new facilities adjacent to the palace in 1969 , restoration work began . It opened to the public in 1978 . E-mail to a friend	Group does not recognize Hawaii as a U.S. state Palace used by rulers of Hawaiian kingdom ; now a tourist attraction Peaceful protesters eventually unlock gates , leave grounds Protesters vow to return Thursday morning
Mental Floss  -- 1 . Skype The idea of a video phone has been around for decades . While there have been a handful of real video phones , they were never widely available for the average Joe . Then , a company with a strange name harnessed the power of the internet and the ever-growing ubiquity of webcams to bring that dream to the masses . But what does the name Skype have to do with talking to other people online ? Skype is a peer-to-peer communication technology , meaning one person connects to another person , via the Skype service . Of course to the average person , the connection is happening in a mysterious , ethereal realm . So when they were developing the name , they hit upon the rather descriptive "  Sky peer-to-peer , " which was shortened to "  Skyper . " However , when they went to register the web address for their new product , skyper.com and the other . something variations were already taken . So , they decided to try dropping the "  r " and , sure enough , skype.com was available . In hindsight , it worked out for the best -- saying you 're "  Skypering " with your friend sounds a bit clumsy . Mental Floss : Low-tech crooks thwarted by high-tech gadgets 2 . Etsy Founded in 2005 , the online marketplace Etsy has amassed over seven million registered users and saw revenues of just over $ 300 million in 2010 . And while the name is catchy , many have often asked what it means . For a while , the company was pretty tight-lipped about the origin , leaving users to come up with their own acronyms or explanations . However , in a January 2010 interview for Reader 's Digest , founder Rob Kalin finally revealed the secret : "  I wanted a nonsense word because I wanted to build the brand from scratch . I was watching Fellini 's 8 1/2 and writing down what I was hearing . In Italian , you say ` etsi ' a lot . It means ` oh , yes . ' And in Latin , it means ` and if . ' " 3 . eBay For a while , it was widely believed that , in 1995 , then-28-year old software developer Pierre Omidyar created a website called AuctionWeb so his fiancée could buy and sell PEZ dispensers . While the PEZ part is n't true -- Omidyar was simply looking for a way to make something cool online -- it does make for a good story . What 's not legend , though , is that the first item sold on eBay was anything but glamorous -- a broken laser pointer . Omidyar only intended the laser pointer listing to be a test , but was surprised to find that someone actually bought it -- according to reports , the buyer collected broken laser pointers . Thinking he might be on to something , Omidyar started working in earnest on the program . While contemplating names for the site , he initially planned to use the name of his computer consulting company , Echo Bay . However , echobay was already taken  and still is  . So Omidyar shortened the name to "  ebay " and bought the web address that we all know and love . Mental Floss : How to tweet your way out of a job 4 . Bing When Microsoft was developing the name for their new search engine , they wanted something that was a single syllable , memorable , and easy to spell . Of course once they got into the naming process , there were other things to consider as well . For example , one idea -- "  Bang " -- was rejected because you could n't make a verb out of it without sounding , well , inappropriate .  "  What other movies has Kathy Bates been in ? " "  I do n't know . Bang her and find out ! " So the marketers decided to put their money on "  Bing . " Not only was it a single syllable , easy to spell , and easy to remember , it also sounded like "  Bingo , " which is usually said when you 've found what you 're looking for . The name also reminded people of the moment an idea is hatched , sort of like when that little light bulb goes off over a cartoon character 's head . You hear a "  Bing , " which is what Microsoft hopes will happen when you use their website . 5 . Reddit One of the fastest-growing websites around , Reddit was started in 2004 by then-college students Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian . The site allows community members to submit links to online content , which is then voted up or down to decide which submissions are most worthy of being read by everyone else . The name Reddit is little more than a play on the phrase "  read it , " as in , "  I read it online . " But , as one member of the site  also known as a "  redditor "  pointed out , there is a Latin parallel to the site 's name that turned out to be a pretty cool coincidence . One loose translation of "  reddit " is "  render , " which can mean "  to submit for consideration or approval , " which is exactly what people do on the site . 6 . Woot Groupon and its ilk might be the talk of the town right now , but for the true innovator in the online "  Deal of the Day " game , look no further than woot.com . Since 2004 , Woot has offered a new item every night at midnight to devoted fans , known as Wooters , who obsessively check Woot 's sites to buy everything from computers to flashlights to a "  Bag of Crap "  BOC  -- a coveted , mystery grab bag that is often sold out within minutes of its unveiling . If you 're at all familiar with internet culture , you 'll know that "  woot " is also an expression of excitement , sometimes spelled "  w00t . " According to Matt Rutledge , Founder/CEO of Woot.com , that is where the company got its name , but it goes a bit deeper than that . "  The company Woot was designed from the ground up to fit that name and adapt itself as a public 'em ployee store ' type of liquidation retailer , " Rutledge said . "  What type of store would you load up and say "  w00t ! " to ? Answer ... that would be what we built and strive every day to reach . " So Woot is named after "  w00t , " but where does "  w00t " come from ? That 's actually a bit of a mystery . Some believe it first appeared in the mid-90s , adopted from the songs "  Whoomp !  There It Is !  " and "  Whoot ! There It Is ! " Others define it as the acronym , "  We Owned the Other Team , " originating as a victory cry for online gamers . Still others say it comes from an old hacker term used whenever someone has gained full , or "  root , " access to a server , exclaiming "  w00t ! I have root ! " And one more theory traces woot back to the game EverQuest . Whatever the origin , there are a few idistinctions between "  w00t ! " and "  Woot . " The company name does not have the zeros replacing the Os , and the exclamation point is only used in the logo or when there is genuine cause for excitement . Mental Floss : What 's a Hulu ? 8 more tech names explained 7 . The Daily Beast What does a ferocious-sounding animal have to do with the news ? The Daily Beast is the name of a newspaper in Evelyn Waugh 's 1938 novel "  Scoop " , the favorite book of the website 's founder and Editor-in-Chief , Tina Brown . Scoop , a biting satire of journalism , tells the story of a young writer sent to Africa as a foreign correspondent after he is mistaken for a similarly named , well-respected novelist . While there , a civil war breaks out and the naïve reporter accidentally does a great job covering the conflict . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Popular Internet sites have unique names derived from myriad inspiration or necessity eBay 's first auction , a broken laser pointer , was posted as a test but a collector actually bought it Etsy founder : "  I wanted a nonsense word because I wanted to build the brand from scratch . " The Daily Beast is name of a newspaper in Evelyn Waugh 's novel "  Scoop "
Palau , Mexico  CNN  -- Fermin was a mechanic , not a coal miner , but on the morning of February 19 , 2006 he had to go down into the Pasta de Conchos mine near here to fix a broken cart that could n't haul the coal out . Five years later , Fermin 's remains are still more than 100 meters  109 yards  below the ground , together with dozens of miners who worked that night . Daniel Ezquiel , Fermin 's only son , does n't remember his father . He was just 1 year old when "  the mine swallowed the miners . " So that he wo n't forget , his mother , Maria de Lourdes , sets aside part of her widow 's pension -- 2,200 pesos a month -- to buy any newspaper that publishes something about the incident . She cuts articles and photos , and pastes them in an album . That Sunday , just past 2:30 a.m. , an explosion left 65 miners buried who were working inside the Pasta de Conchos mine , in the Mexican state of Coahuila , in northern Mexico . The mine is owned by Grupo Mexico , one of the largest mining companies in the country . Then-President Vicente Fox never visited the relatives mourning at the mine site . President Felipe Calderon has also avoided meeting with the more than 300 family members . After five years , the relatives and about five widows continue asking for the bodies to be retrieved from the mine . Citing dangerous conditions , the company abandoned the attempts to pull them out . Maria de Lourdes says that a year and a half ago , she stopped receiving the 420 pesos the-ex governor of Coahuila sent so that the children of the miners could continue studying . She sells baby clothing to complement her income and keep her son in school . She does n't want Daniel Ezequiel to be a coal miner . There are several versions about the cause of the incident that killed the workers . Grupo Mexico says that there was an explosion caused by a ball of gas -- gas that escapes from the earth at the moment of the coal extraction -- and that as a consequence , the temperature in the mine rose to more than 900 degrees Celsius  1,652 degrees Fahrenheit  . However , according to the autopsies of the only two bodies that were pulled from the mine , their deaths were caused by asphyxiation , not burns . Those two bodies were located in the ninth diagonal tunnel in the mine . Grupo Mexico says it went nearly 2.8 kilometers  1.7 miles  into the mine , but had n't found the other remains . In February 2007 , the Coahuila state government produced 65 death certificates certified by a medical examiner , even though only two bodies had been recovered . With 63 bodies still underground , Grupo Mexico decided to suspend the rescue of the bodies in April 2007 . At that time , the company argued that according to their investigations , 25 % to 75 % of the mine was flooded and "  the water possibly is contaminated by HIV , tuberculosis , hepatitis , that could contaminate the rescuers , their families and entire populations . " These findings were given to the Pasta de Conchos Family Organization , which has advised the victims ' relatives . Inspection records from a few months before the blast revealed that the ventilation system was failing and that there were problems with the electrical equipment . Some family members say the workers complained of a strong odor of gas . Through a spokesman , Grupo Mexico declined to speak about the incident , citing internal policies . Cristina Auerbach , lawyer for the victims ' relatives in the Pasta de Conchos Family Organization , said that explosions in the regions ' mines had been recorded since 1889 . Even then , the only times that bodies were left inside the mine were 1889 and 2006 . In the rest of the cases , the bodies were always recovered , alive or dead . Auerbach recalled one of the biggest blasts that happened in 1969 in the town of Barroteran . In the Guadalupe mines , more than 160 people died . A little over a year later , all the bodies were recovered . "  The question is n't whether Chile could and Mexico could n't , because the answer that they will give is that it was different because that mine was mineral and this one was coal , and this one had gas and that one did n't . What you can compare is the government 's attitude , " she said . "  Neither Vicente Fox nor Felipe Calderon has wanted to meet the families . Not only that , but in coal mining region , the bodies are always rescued . Only at Pasta de Conchos they are not . " In northeast Coahuila , it 's common to find someone who has a miner in the family . Walking down the streets of towns like Nueva Rosita , Palau , San Juan Sabinas and Muzquiz , you can see trucks full of freshly mined coal at all hours . At the end of each shift -- around 3 p.m. , 10 p.m. and 6 a.m. -- trucks pass by with men whose faces are painted black by the carbon dust that fell on them during their 12 hours of work . Nearly all the coal in Mexico is produced in Coahuila , according to the National Institute of Statistics , Geography and Information . Raul Villasana , retired at age 67 , also was a miner . He worked for more than 20 years in Grupo Mexico 's mines . One of his sons remains inside Pasta de Conchos . He and his wife Trinidad have traveled several times to Mexico City to participate in demonstrations in front of Grupo Mexico and the Labor Ministry to plead for the excavation of their son . "  We were recently at the Interior Ministry in November and what I asked for was my son 's rescue . I have asked for that since the beginning . Because the mine is not a cemetery , right ? It 's for people to work in , " he said . "  What we are asking the company and the government to do is to give the bodies to us , so we can do a holy burial and take him flowers , go see him , go visit him with his daughters , wife , sister , who also have asked for this . " Villasana 's son left behind a son and two daughters . The widow decided to invest the 750,000 pesos that the family received from the company to set up a used clothes business that she supplies from the United States . Maria de Lourdes , Fermin 's widow , knows the mining life well . Her father , Arsenio , was also a miner . He mined black gold from Pasta de Conchos . He retired several years before the blast . Five years after the tragedy , she says some rescuers have dared to confess that at night they heard "  noises like pickaxes striking on metal . " Arsenio thinks those were the sounds of the last surviving miners . "  Though after all that time there is no way that they could come out alive , " he stated . For residents like Villasana and Arsenio , Pasta de Conchos turned from a mine into a cemetery the morning of February 19 . 2006 .	5 years ago , explosion buried 65 coal miners Owner of mine , Grupo Mexico , refuses to bring bodies out Attorney for families compares situation to Chile 's
CNN  -- Two World Wars have been fought , Empires lost , the atom split , the worldwide web invented and social media proliferated , but all the while a unique set of quintessential English sporting events have remained in their own self-regulated time warp , with only minor concessions to modernity . Glorious Goodwood and Royal Ascot , Henley Royal Regatta and Wimbledon , Cowes Week and Polo at the Guard 's Club at Windsor are an integral part of the "  English Season " where royal patronage and tradition are the key ingredients and woe betide any attempt to change them . "  These events are set in aspic , " leading social commentator Peter York told CNN . So that means a strict dress code , certainly if you want to be allowed into the Royal Enclosure at Royal Ascot or its equivalent at Glorious Goodwood , which starts on Tuesday . Top hat and tails at the former , Panama hats de rigeur at the latter . Jeans or shorts ? Do n't bother to try , you will be ever so politely turned away . Dress code For ladies , hats should be worn and dresses and skirts "  should be of a modest length defined as falling just above the knee or longer , " according to the official Royal Ascot website . It 's no different at Henley , but entry to the Stewards ' Enclosure is restricted to members only and invites to the Royal Box at Wimbledon to watch Andy Murray strut his stuff are limited to the great and the good . With all those barriers to overcome just to be seen in the right place , it 's even more surprising that in York 's opinion the majority of the people at these iconic sporting events , could not care a jot about the sport itself . "  That 's the thing about the English social season , it 's just a pretext to have a good time , a lot of people spending a lot of time not watching but eating and drinking and having a generally good time , " he said . So while top jockeys wrestle with the cream of thoroughbred racehorses , Olympic and world rowing champions strain every sinew down the Straight Course at Henley and Roger Federer plays a sublime cross court winner at Wimbledon , the cry will come up "  more Pimms please . " According to official figures , 45,000 pints of Pimms -- a quintessential British summer drink -- were consumed at Royal Ascot alone , not to mention 51,000 bottles of champagne . Social events York , renowned for his wry and sometimes acerbic observations of the upper classes , could be accused of exaggeration , but he is only repeating a famous observation of former monarch King Edward VII , who described horse racing at Goodwood as "  a garden party with some racing tacked on ! " Edward was renowned for his flamboyant lifestyle , but like his great grand daughter , Queen Elizabeth II , he had a genuine interest and love of racing and horses , so perhaps he did bother to watch , particularly as he owned some of the contenders . For others said York , "  it 's the chance to wear splendid clothes and do some social climbing . " Having the right connections as well as sticking to the rules , the other key requirement is a stoicism and stiff upper lip in the face of the inclement and unpredictable English weather . So beware washouts at Wimbledon  unless you are at Centre Court where there is a roof  , high heels stuck in the mud on the Polo field at the Guard 's Club , boaters blown off in the wind at Henley , or choppy waters for the spectator flotilla at Cowes . For the dedicated "  sports fans " who battle the elements , it 's all worth it to rub shoulders with the right type of person and soak up the very Englishness of it all -- not to mention have a very good lunch . Glorious Goodwood The sporting part of the "  season " comes to an end with Glorious Goodwood and Cowes , but with Britain 's rare heatwave proving an exception to the rule , attendances are booming . 120,000 people plus are expected at Goodwood this week and York believes the festival 's success is deserved because of the work of Lord March , the heir apparent to the Duke of Richmond , who owns the race course and the vast estate . "  It is especially interesting , it is n't just a race course , it belongs to a real live person with a real live family influence , " added York . "  There 's just so much to do , it 's a wonderful place and you will never be bored , it 's loved by the discriminating . " March , who took the reins from his father in 1994 has diversified to run the Goodwood Festival of Speed and a vintage car revival event , both incredibly popular . While not by strict definition part of the "  English Season , " as defined by Debrett 's Peerage , the events have become an unofficial part of the social season and a must for those hoping to catch the eye for any number of reasons . Debutantes delight By repute , the "  English Season " was apparently designed to allow Members of Parliament and the House of Lords , the ruling class , the chance to amuse themselves while stuck in London rather than on their country estates . But its real purpose became to introduce their daughters , debutantes , into the social scene after being officially presented to the reigning monarch at a special ceremony at Buckingham Palace . Queen Elizabeth II ended the tradition , curtseys and all , in 1958 , fearing it had become outdated in a period of rapid social change . But young women , still encouraged by their parents to meet an appropriate member of the opposite sex and preferably of the same class , continued to flock to Ascot and the others events in their droves . And a new breed of "  debuntante " emerged , the "  Sloane Ranger , " young women who mainly frequented the exclusive south west area of London around Chelsea and South Kensington . They were epitomized by Lady Diana Spencer , who was to marry Prince Charles in 1981 and become an iconic global figure . York and his co-author Ann Barr captured the mood of the times perfectly in their 1982 best seller "  The Official Sloane Ranger Guide " which sold over a million copies and acquired cult status . Sloane Rangers By repute , "  Sloane Rangers " loved equestrian events , so Badminton Horse Trials , the Epsom Derby , Royal Ascot and Glorious Goodwood , all part of the English Season , were very much in vogue . Ironically , despite sporting the traditional tweed and green welly look , Princess Diana did not enjoy country pursuits of her followers , but did attend Wimbledon to present the trophy at the 1995 men 's singles championship , won by Pete Sampras . Her tragic death in 1997 left a nation in morning , but the "  Sloane Ranger " style and their male equivalents , cruelly named "  Hooray Henrys " persisted . York updated the earlier offering with "  Cooler , Faster , More Expensive " in 2007 , co-written with Olivia Stewart-Liberty , and current British Prime Minister David Cameron was in his sights . "  He 's the classic male Sloane Ranger , " York said . Not surprising then to see Cameron frequenting the Royal Box at Wimbledon to cheer on Murray to victory this year , although to be fair his arch political rivals Scottish Nationalist leader Alex Salmond and Ed Miliband , the leader of the Labour Party opposition in the UK parliament , were also watching . Global super-rich With the global super rich now buying up large chunks of London property , "  Knightsbridge is a branch of Dubai or Bahrain , Mayfair is for the Russians , " observed York , the clientele at some of England 's sporting jewels in the crown has also changed . Overseas visitors are also a growing feature . "  These events are steeped and tradition and history and can not be replicated anywhere in the world , " said Rebecca Holloway , head of PR at VisitEngland . "  To experience one of these events , is to experience a true insight into English culture , pomp and ceremony and all , " she added . As Holloway says , impossible to recreate , with heritage dating back to the 19th century , one suspects that even in 100 years time the essential elements that make up the England 's sporting summer will remain largely untouched and perhaps the better for it .	Sporting events integral to English social "  season " Glorious Goodwood , Royal Ascot , Wimbledon and Henley Regatta are main events All quintessential English events with unique heritage and tradition Royal patronage a key ingredient
CNN  -- West Virginia Gov. Joe Manchin will announce on Friday his pick to temporarily fill the U.S. Senate seat left vacant by the death of Democratic Sen. Robert Byrd . Manchin has said he 'll push to hold a special election this November to fill the remaining two years of the term . The legislature is meeting in special session , considering legislation to do just that . Manchin , a popular two-term Democratic governor , told reporters this month that he "  would highly consider " seeking the seat himself -- not surprising given Manchin was thought to be interested in running for the Senate in 2012 , when the election is currently scheduled . West Virginia law dictates that the governor has the power to name an immediate replacement for Byrd . Manchin says he does n't want to appoint someone who would serve for two-and-a-half years without the people 's consent . "  I believe in the power of the vote , " Manchin told reporters . If the contest is held this November , it would add another possible Senate pick up potential for the Republicans and would help their odds at possibly retaking control of the chamber . The GOP needs to re-take 10 Senate seats to regain the majority . The state 's largest union , the West Virginia chapter of the AFL-CIO , has urged Manchin to name himself to the seat , but the governor has said he will not do so . Byrd was the longest serving member ever in Congressional history .	Gov. Joe Machin will name a temporary replacement for the late Sen. Robert Byrd Sen. Byrd died last month Sen. Byrd was the longest serving member in Congressional history
CNN  -- Not in a long time has the pre-Super Bowl chatter been so dominated by one player 's body part . But Sunday 's game in Indianapolis has turned into the saga of the injured ankle of New England Patriots superstar tight end Rob Gronkowski . While pundits are split on who will clinch the big game between the Patriots and the New York Giants , most agree that the Patriots will be severely hobbled if Gronkowski ca n't take to the field . Gronkowski suffered a devastating ankle sprain in the Patriots ' playoff win against the Baltimore Ravens on January 22 . Last week , he was sporting a protective boot over his ankle that he took off Monday , but was still unable to practice most of the week . At media day Tuesday , Gronkowski said he was n't sure if he could play Sunday . "  I do n't know yet , " Gronkowski said . "  I am not really worried yet if I am playing or not . We 're going day by day . I am taking new steps every day . I am feeling better every day . That is a positive sign . I want to be out there with the team obviously . " Gronkowski tallied 17 touchdown catches this season - an NFL record -- and is a match up nightmare for any defense . He stands 6-foot-6 and packs a hard-to-handle mix of power and speed . He could be the Patriots ' most valuable player after quarterback Tom Brady . The dominating conversation about Gronkowski 's status is reminiscent of the lead up to the Super Bowl game in 2005 when then-Eagles wideout Terrell Owens miraculously came back from a severe ankle injury to play in the game . He caught nine passes for 122 yards , but the Eagles lost the game to the Patriots . That was also the last Super Bowl the Patriots won . The Pats have appeared in the big game more times than any other team since 1986 , and is only the second team in the game 's history -- after the Dallas Cowboys -- to win three Super Bowl championships in four years . Seven years later , the Pats are hoping to do it again . "  Gronk is in the training room every day trying to get ready , " Brady said . "  He wants to be there . He 's going to work his butt off to be there . " Giants defensive lineman Justin Tuck hopes not . "  Hopefully that ankle hurts a little more than everyone expects it to and he is not as versatile as he has been , " Tuck told ESPN . "  You talk about the talent that he is , he had probably the best year for a tight end ever . " No matter what the Patriots do on offense , the key for the Giants lies with their defense , pundits say . The Giants beat the Patriots in 2008 Super Bowl , throwing cold water on the Pats ' undefeated season . In that game , the Giant 's ferocious defensive line rushed Brady and sacked him five times . "  No one has been able to figure that out all year , " said Brady , referring to the Giants ' defensive line this year . "  They can rush the quarterback really well and hopefully we can slow them down somehow . They are ready to go and ready to take my head off . "	Patriots star tight end Rob Gronkowski hurt his ankle earlier in the playoffs He says he does not know if he will play "  Hopefully that ankle hurts , " Giants ' Tuck says The Giants beat the Patriots in 2008 , and are hoping for a repeat
Chris Kelly , half of the 1990s rap duo Kris Kross , died of a drug overdose that included heroin and cocaine , his autopsy report said Wednesday . Kelly , 34 , died at an Atlanta hospital after he was found unresponsive at his home on May 1 , police said . The Fulton County medical examiner concluded that Kelly 's death was an accident caused by the combined toxic effects of heroin , cocaine , ethanol and hydrocodone , and alprazolam , said the medical examiner 's spokeswoman , Karleshia Bentley . After paramedics took him to the hospital , a woman who identified herself as Kelly 's friend told an investigator that Kelly had taken a mixture of heroin and cocaine the night before , and that she had brought Kelly home "  to recover from his drug use , " according to a police report . Kelly , together with Chris Smith , shot to stardom in 1992 with "  Jump , " which spent eight weeks on top of the Billboard Hot 100 . The duo opened for Michael Jackson that year on his Dangerous World Tour . Their penchant for wearing their clothes backward was , at least for a time , widely emulated . Discovered at a mall Kelly and Smith were 13-year-olds when they were discovered in 1991 at an Atlanta mall by producer Jermaine Dupri . Going by the stage name Mac Daddy  with Smith known as Daddy Mac  , the pair followed up their smash "  Jump " with the single "  Warm It Up . " Together , the songs pushed their debut album , "  Totally Krossed Out , " to multiplatinum status . Next came 1993 's "  Da Bomb . " But the album failed to find the following of the duo 's debut , in large part because the boys had hit puberty and they were marketed with a tougher image . Their career never again reached the heights of their debut , but they continued to make music . In 1996 , the duo released the album "  Young , Rich and Dangerous . " The pair reunited for one night in February for a 20th anniversary party for Dupri 's So So Def label . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	The autopsy found heroin , cocaine , ethanol , hydrocodone and alprazolam in Kelly 's blood Kelly , together with Chris Smith , shot to stardom in 1992 with "  Jump " Their penchant for wearing their clothes backward was widely emulated . The pair reunited for one night in February for a 20th anniversary party
CNN  -- One of cable 's most popular series is getting a game show spin-off . History is set to announce "  Pawnography , " a game show version of its long-running hit "  Pawn Stars . " The half-hour show will be set in Las Vegas and taped in front of a live studio audience . In each episode , contestants will compete against each other and the "  Pawn Stars " cast in rounds of trivia questions that escalate in difficulty . At stake are cash prizes and coveted items from the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawnshop co-owner Rick Harrison 's personal collection . In each episode , Rick and Corey Harrison , along with Chumlee Russell , will "  vigorously defend their treasured items from confident and brainy contestants . " EW : ` Pawn Stars ' gets Cajun spin-off on History "  Pawn Stars " has been a staple on the network since it launched in 2009 , ranking as the History 's most popular show and as cable 's third most-popular unscripted series . The show 's ratings once peaked at 7.7 million viewers . History has given "  Pawnography " an initial order of 10 episodes and it will premiere this summer . "  We are thrilled to work with Leftfield Pictures on this exciting and challenging new game show that combines the two elements that make ` Pawn Stars ' an absolute fan favorite â $ " history and the fun , family-dynamic between the Harrison 's and Chumlee , " said History 's senior vp of programming Frontain Bryant in a statement . "  This show gives viewers the chance to go head-to-head with the man who knows a little bit about everything , Rick Harrison , and take home treasurable items from the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawnshop . " See the original story at EW.com .	The half-hour game show will be set in Las Vegas "  Pawn Stars " has been a staple of the network since 2009 The game show has gotten an initial order of 10 episodes
Actor Stephen Baldwin pleaded guilty to repeated failure to file income taxes for three years and will pay $ 300,000 in back taxes , his attorney Russell Yankwitt said Friday . Baldwin initially needed to pay $ 400,000 in back taxes , interest and penalties , but the court waived interest and penalties , which brought the total to $ 350,000 , Yankwitt said . The court then reduced that amount to $ 300,000 , for which Baldwin was very grateful , Yankwitt said . If Baldwin pays back the money within a year , the charge will be taken off his record , the attorney said . If not , Baldwin will be sentenced to five years ' probation and have five years to repay the money , Yankwitt said . "  Mr. Baldwin is a man of faith , and it 's difficult for him to get jobs in Hollywood that are compatible with his faith , and that 's one of the difficulties he 's had paying off the money , " Yankwitt said . Though Baldwin is on "  The Apprentice , " the money from that appearance is permanently going to a charity , Yankwitt said . "  Mr. Baldwin is very appreciative of the D.A. Office 's willingness to work with him , and he looks forward to repaying the debt and being a productive member of society , " Yankwitt added . The charge was a result of an investigation conducted by the Rockland County , New York , Special Investigations Unit and the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance , authorities said . Baldwin was arrested in December on charge of failing to file taxes in 2008 , 2009 and 2010 and released on his own recognizance . Baldwin had trusted paid professionals to handle his affairs , especially during the time he was on an island shooting the reality TV show "  Survivor , " Yankwitt said previously . Baldwin produced a check for $ 100,000 in December as a "  good faith " down payment on the money he owed , Yankwitt said . Kevin Costner wins suit filed by Baldwin over oil cleanup machines	Stephen Baldwin admits guilty in failing to file income taxes for three years , attorney says He will pay $ 300,000 in taxes The actor has difficulty finding Hollywood jobs compatible with his faith , attorney says The offense will be taken off his record if he pays back the money in a year
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- "  The Earth is just too small , " sighed South African adventurer Mike Horn , one of the few people on the planet who can get away with saying such a statement . Action man of climate change : Horn is hoping to inspire a new generation of leaders . During the past eight months the 43-year-old has sailed around the world twice and during a life of exploration , often living on the edge of survival , he has trekked to both poles , sailed solo across oceans and walked across almost every continent . The challenge for Horn now is to find the challenge . Even his first trek to the South Pole earlier this year , a dream he 'd had childhood , left him underwhelmed . "  I think it was just an overrated experience , " he told CNN . "  You were walking to civilization , away from the edge of Antarctica , which is completely wild , to the pole where there 's an American base , airplanes landing everyday , red lights telling you if you can cross the runway or not . If I ca n't satisfy myself walking to the pole and back , let 's try and do something else . " That something else is pursuing a different type of adventure : motivating a new generation to take action to conserve the planet in the face of climate change . Using a specially designed and made 35-meter exploration boat called Pangaea , Horn is showing a lucky few parts of the world unreachable to most . Nearly a year into the four-year Pangaea Expedition , he 's been more than encouraged by what he 's seen in his "  young explorers " selected from across the world . "  I have n't been disappointed by one of them . They 're not polluted by politics or money . I 'm not changing their lives , they 're changing them themselves . I 'm just taking them to somewhere it 's nearly impossible for them to go without the boat , infrastructure and my knowledge , " he said . It 's a knowledge he said he has gained through hard experience ; he lost the tips of fingers to frost bite in the Arctic and claims to have narrowly avoided execution at the hands of militia in DR Congo . His desire to preserve nature in a changing world stems from his respect for it . "  To come back alive -LSB- from an expedition -RSB- , you have n't conquered nature , you 've just managed to live in harmony with it . That is true competition to me . There 's no start or end to it . Adventure becomes a way of living , an inner search of your knowledge , " he said . View the gallery of Mike Horn 's adventures " Spirit for adventure Horn 's adventurous spirit manifested itself early . Growing up in South Africa he was given his first bike at age 8 and set off to visit his uncle , not the one 12 kilometers  7.5 miles  away , but the one nearly 300 kilometers away . While his parents encouraged him to explore , a degree in Human Movement Science and honors degree in marketing gave him a greater of a sense of the psychology of competition . Time with the South African military 's Special Forces fighting in Angola gave him a harsh lesson in survival and the difference between life and death . And a wife and two children who live in Switzerland remind him not to push it too far on his solo expeditions . Now when choosing the teenagers and young adults to join his expeditions he looks for things in them he saw in himself at that age ; a curiosity and enthusiasm similar to his own and that continues to keep him motivated every day . Lecturers join Pangaea 's voyages to add some scientific knowledge to Horn 's first-hand understanding of the world , and there are ongoing projects for the young explorers to pursue when their time on the boat is over . Yet it is action , not words , that defines Horn . "  I think it 's time to act more than anything else . Why discuss global warming and what are we going to do , if we can basically go out and do it ? " he said . "  I do n't believe in global warming as such , I believe more in the climate and seasons changing . I 'm not a specialist , I 'm an adventurer , but maybe I 've seen things that other people have n't seen that leads to what I think is a change in climate , " he said "  On the North Pole where before there was three to four meters of ice , today the ice breaks up , seals come through and polar bears can hunt there . When you see the big ice shelves break off around Antarctica , you think that there is something happening . I just talk about what I see . " Action , not words He 's criticized the United Nations as a talking shop and says he has rebuffed advances to become affiliated with them , but has some plans to work with environmental groups , such as the World Wildlife Fund in Indonesia , in the near future . "  Politics slows down a lot . Everyone should have the freedom of speech and with organizations usually you have to keep to the protocol , but there 's no protocol when it comes to the world and the future of the planet , " he said . He 's equally tired of adventures or projects that just raise awareness of climate change . "  We have to have a different approach , not that the one I have is completely right , but an approach where you have to build a boat out of plastic bottles ... is that something we really must do ? It 's not enough to just take water samples and say the planet is warming up , or say there is plastic floating in the oceans , " he said . "  Pangaea " has some eco-friendly elements . As well as being able to go almost anywhere in the world 's oceans , it is made from aluminum , since it is the most recyclable metal and is unpainted to reduce pollution from noxious paints usually found on ships . Part powered by solar , the crew is able to make its own water onboard and there is a plastic compactor for all the trash the boat trawls out of the oceans . Horn 's single-mindedness has also secured lucrative partnerships with some big-name brands that bankroll his missions . Mercedes Benz are contracted to change Pangaea 's engines every year with the most efficient model ; next year they will get one with zero CO2 emissions . "  It gives them something to work on and me an opportunity to stay with my philosophy . There are some -LSB- companies -RSB- that do n't give a s ** t ; you must n't preach to the converted . That 's why it 's important to get companies involved that might change their mindset . " Horn is positive that he can make a difference through educating his young charges and the problems many fear are impossible to solve , can be dealt with . "  I came back after the expedition around the Arctic and the North Pole and I saw ` An Inconvenient Truth ' and I thought , ` It 's not that bad . ' The world is still a beautiful place . Let 's conserve that beauty and teach -LSB- the younger generation -RSB- how to conserve it . "	Explorer Mike Horn aims to encourage new generation to take action on conservation His Pangaea Expedition takes ` young explorers ' around the world Horn has circumnavigated the world and been to both poles "  I 'm not a specialist , I 'm an adventurer , but maybe I 've seen things others have n't "
CNN  -- Oakland is reeling after a gun rampage at a small religious college left seven people dead . Six months ago , eight people died in a shooting in Seal Beach , California . And just over a year ago , an attack targeting Rep. Gabrielle Giffords in Arizona left six dead and 13 injured . Each mass killing provokes a flurry of public shock and a frenzy of media attention -- and often soul-searching about whether they represent a broader descent into gun-fueled violence . But are such attacks on the rise in the United States ? Not according to professor James Alan Fox , a criminologist at Northeastern University in Boston who has been studying mass murder for the past three decades . Police search for gun used in Oakland college shooting Despite the huge media coverage devoted to them , crime statistics show that there is no upward trend in mass killings -- defined as having four victims or more , not counting terrorism -- since the 1970s , he said . Campus shootings , such as the Virginia Tech massacre in 2007 , or the cluster of school shootings of the 1990s , including Columbine , often attract more attention than multiple killings in other settings . At Virginia Tech , 23-year-old student Seung-Hui Cho took 32 lives in a solo shooting spree on the Blacksburg campus before killing himself . In 1999 at Columbine High School in Littleton , Colorado , 18-year-old Eric Harris and 17-year-old Dylan Klebold killed 12 of their fellow students and a teacher before taking their own lives in the school library . But despite these high-profile cases , the chances of falling victim to a school or campus shooting are still incredibly slim , Fox said . "  Overall in this country , there is an average of 10 to 20 murders across campuses in any given year , " he said . "  Compare that to over 1,000 suicides and about 1,500 deaths from binge drinking and drug overdoses . " So while they are sad when they occur , school shootings are "  very few and far between , and very unpredictable , " Fox said . This suggests that authorities can do greater good by focusing on the prevention of suicide and substance abuse than trying to guard against a campus killer . Looking at a more general picture , while mass murders are more common now than in the 1960s , so is murder generally , Fox said . And although there is no pattern in terms of the way the killings occur , some trends can be drawn about those committing them , Fox said . His research indicates that from 1976 to 2008 , there were 852 massacres , involving 4,131 victims and 1,176 perpetrators . The perpetrators tend to be older than those committing murders generally , Fox said , with more than a quarter of those responsible for mass killings aged over 40 , his research shows , and the average age of those involved in campus shootings being 36 . Meanwhile , 60 % of those committing mass murders are white , compared with 47 % for murder generally , Fox said , and 94 % of the perpetrators are male , compared with 88 % for murder generally . Fox suggests that any sense that mass killings are on an upward spiral has more to do with the vagaries of human memory than actual facts . "  Since we tend to remember the ones that happened more recently , rather than the ones before , we often get the sense that three things make an epidemic , " he said . "  They are rare events , and everything that is rare is difficult to predict . " Kelly McBride , senior faculty for ethics at the Poynter Institute , said that although changes in news media mean mass killings probably get more coverage now than in decades past , she does n't believe public perception of their frequency has been skewed as a result . That is because of the changing way the audience consumes information , said McBride , who also works on Poynter 's Sense-Making Project , which looks at how the public handles information . "  Even though there 's more news out there about mass shootings , people are consuming less of it because there 's more news out there about everything , " McBride said . "  I suspect that if you look at the average consumer 's diet when there is a mass shooting , it 's probably not much different than it was in the old system when there were fewer news organizations covering a mass event . " One reason for the increased coverage of massacres is that the breaking news environment has become so competitive , pushing many outlets to seek the most sensational lines , she said . National and international news providers also muscle in on stories that might previously have been left to local media , she said , and tend to dip into the most dramatic lines . Concern is often raised that such wall-to-wall coverage , especially on cable news channels , may prompt copycat attacks . However , according to McBride , no solid scientific research has demonstrated a contagion effect resulting from media coverage of mass murders . The result must be that authorities struggle to second-guess the unpredictable acts of lone killers , with factors at play ranging from an individual 's sense of alienation or personal grievance to mental health care issues or the availability of weapons . But while every senseless massacre leaves a community in shock and tragically cuts short too many lives , the vast majority of Americans will remain untouched apart from the screaming headlines .	There is no upward trend in mass killings since the 1970s , professor James Alan Fox says The perpetrators are older and more likely to be white than for murder generally , he says Suicides and substance abuse claim far more lives than campus shootings , he says Media coverage of mass killings has gone up , but people may not be watching , an analyst says
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court threw its legal weight Tuesday behind a Thai student whose side business selling foreign-made textbooks got him in trouble with the publisher . The justices ruled 6-3 that copyrighted works made and purchased abroad can then be resold within the United States without the copyright owner 's permission . The ruling is a victory for those who buy and sell books , movies , music , and artwork , and perhaps even furniture , electronics , automobiles , and clothing -- anything that may be considered "  intellectual property . " Storefront and at-home secondary retailers , libraries , artistic venues -- even the local garage sale -- would also be affected . Justice Stephen Breyer , writing for the majority , said to rule otherwise would create financial chaos , citing public libraries as an example . "  How can they find , say , the copyright owner of a foreign book , perhaps written decades ago ? " he said . "  Are the libraries to stop circulating or distributing the millions of books in their collections that were printed abroad ? " The legal dispute had attracted interest from the Obama administration , media and publishing companies , and a range of consumer and retail groups . Competing claims of intellectual property and owners ' rights in the electronic age made Supap Kirtsaeng 's venture one of the most closely watched business cases at the high court this term . He bought textbooks abroad , where the prices are lower , and resold them in the United States . The justices considered the limits of two key interpretations of copyright law -- the "  first sale doctrine " and its complex relationship to foreign distribution rights . The first sale doctrine generally gives copyright holders the ability to profit only from the original sale . It essentially means once a person lawfully buys a Peter Max lithograph or an Adele music CD in the United States , that person then can sell that copyrighted work in the United States without punishment and without having to compensate the original copyright holder . It ensures a distribution chain of retail items , library lending , gift giving and rentals for a range of intellectual property . That stream of commerce includes secondary markets like flea markets and online resellers Craigslist and eBay . The idea -- upheld by the Supreme Court since 1908 -- is that once a copyright holder legally sells a product , the ownership claim is exhausted , giving the buyer the power to resell , destroy , donate , or whatever . It 's a limited idea , involving only a buyer 's distribution right , not the power to reproduce that DVD or designer dress for sale . The tricky part is whether that first sale doctrine applies to material both manufactured and first purchased outside the United States . Breyer said it does : "  The upshot is that copyright-related consequences , along with language , context , and interpretative canons , argue strongly against a geographical interpretation . " John Wiley & Sons , the publishing firm that sued Kirtsaeng , argued it readily sells its products overseas at a cheaper price -- particularly to countries in Asia , the Middle East and Latin America -- to satisfy an audience that may have less income than in the States or Europe . Such differences in worldwide prices are often exploited by retail and resale firms , especially on high-end luxury and specialized items . Known as parallel sales or the "  gray market " -- foreign-made goods obtained through second-hand sources -- the strategy costs manufacturers tens of billions of dollars a year , according to some business-generated estimates . Kirtsaeng came to the United States to study mathematics in 1997 at Cornell University and later pursued doctoral studies at the University of Southern California . To cover tuition and living expenses , he asked family and friends back home to ship him foreign editions of textbooks that often can be bought more cheaply overseas . Using the computer tag BlueChristine99 , he sold the imported books online in the United States on eBay . Court records show he pulled in about $ 1.2 million in revenue , but both sides disagree over how much profit he made . His sales included dozens of copies of eight textbooks printed in Asia by a Wiley subsidiary . Kirtsaeng 's lawyers claim his gross revenue from the Wiley sales was just $ 37,000 . The New Jersey publisher has a thriving overseas business . Its foreign editions typically have a disclaimer : "  This book is authorized for sale in Europe , Asia , Africa and the Middle East only and may not be exported . Exportation from or importation of this book to another region without the publishers authorization is illegal . " The company sued and a federal jury found Kirtsaeng 's conduct was willful and ordered him to pay $ 600,000 in damages . Theodore Olson , an attorney with Gibson Dunn hired by the publisher , told CNN last year that banning the low-cost versions from the United States helps the global economy . "  The whole idea of the copyright laws is to provide people with an incentive to create books , movies , or other works of art , " he said . "  If you take away that incentive , you 're not going to have creators out there doing things that give us pleasure or educate us . " Members of the entertainment industry said a ruling in their favor was vital in the digital economy , to ensure they can divide their property and distribution rights across the global markets . But Kirtsaeng and his owners ' rights supporters worried a slippery slope would quickly occur on a variety of fronts if they lost at the Supreme Court : -- Domestic manufacturers would have financial incentive to shut down U.S. plants and produce everything overseas , since they could get a monetary cut and distribution control over every resale . Kirtsaeng 's lawyers said that would amount to double-dipping , with copyright holders getting paid twice for the same item 's sale . -- Libraries would have to either have to purge their stacks of every foreign-printed work , pay a royalty , or essentially go out of the public lending service . -- American consumers would lose access to affordable and differentiated goods , and charitable donations would be stifled . -- With a global consumer economy now dominated by digital and cloud-based access and transfer of information and entertainment , the cross-border lines would create chaos and uncertainty when it comes to determining where a particular copyrighted good is manufactured and then resold . Wiley , with the Justice Department in support , dismissed those scenarios . But Andrew Shore , a lawyer and executive director of the Owners Rights Initiative , which backed Kirtsaeng , speaking prior to arguments before the Supreme Court in October , said , "  The rule we want the Supreme Court to adopt is simple : you bought it , you own it and you can do with it what you please . Very clear , very clean , very easy . The copyright holders are getting paid . They 're getting paid on the first sale . " In dissent Tuesday , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said the majority ruling could affect future international trade negotiations . She was supported by Justices Anthony Kennedy and Antonin Scalia . In federal law , she said , "  Congress intended to provide copyright owners with a remedy against unauthorized importation of foreign-made copies of their works , even if those copies were made and sold abroad with the copyright owner 's authorization . " The high court already had ruled in prior cases that copyright holders can not block U.S.-made goods sent overseas from later being brought back into the country for resale . The issue in this case was whether copyright laws applied to foreign-made goods imported into the American market . Kirtsaeng , now a professor back in Thailand , never responded to CNN 's efforts for an interview . He initially testified receiving advice from friends back home -- and consulting "  Google Answers , " an online research help service -- to ensure he could legally resell the foreign editions in the United States . In court papers , he also said he was unable to afford the hefty pending judgment against him . The man 's lawyers said that after the lower court 's verdict , he was ordered to give the publisher his golf clubs and computer in partial compensation . The case is Kirtsaeng v. John Wiley & Sons , Inc.  11-697  .	The court says copyrighted works from abroad can be resold within the United States The ruling covers libraries , artistic venues -- even the local garage sale The first sale doctrine generally lets copyright holders profit only from the original sale
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A coalition operation against militants in southeastern Afghanistan has left at least 50 insurgents dead as Afghan and NATO forces swept through a "  known Haqqani network " area . The encampment was considered a staging ground for Haqqani and foreign fighters , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force reported Friday . The Haqqani network is an insurgent group loosely affiliated with the Taliban , and is believed to be based in Pakistan 's lawless frontier territories . They operate along the porous Afghan-Pakistan border regions . The group has been responsible for "  several high-profile attacks against the Afghan government and its citizens , " ISAF reported . The coalition operation -- which included Afghan special forces -- engaged "  multiple groups of insurgents , " who were armed with rocket-propelled grenade launchers and heavy machine guns . The firefight took place against multiple insurgent groups , who were holed up in areas that included caves and fortified bunker positions , ISAF reported . The operation spanned night-time hours as NATO airstrikes pummeled insurgent positions .	A coalition operation against militants leaves at least 50 insurgents dead The encampment was considered a staging ground for Haqqani and foreign fighters The Haqqani network is an insurgent group loosely affiliated with the Taliban They are believed to be based in Pakistan 's lawless frontier territories
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The United States is involved in peace talks with the Taliban , Afghan President Hamid Karzai told a youth group in Kabul on Saturday . "  Peace negotiations with the Taliban and with other countrymen have been started , " Karzai told reporters after his earlier announcement on state TV . "  Those who accept the constitution , freedom , democracy and development of Afghanistan can take part in this negotiation . " Representatives of the government and insurgents have been in touch , but there have been no high-level meetings , Karzai said . He added there was no specific agenda . A senior U.S. source said there were contacts but nothing serious or substantial enough to be considered negotiations . U.S. statements are typically restrained , the source said , plus , "  This is Karzai being Karzai . " The source could not be named because of the sensitivity of the subject . The U.S. State Department indicated it would support reconciliation talks in Afghanistan . "  We must help create conditions necessary to enable political settlement among the Afghan people , " department spokeswoman Megan Mattson said . "  This includes reconciling those insurgents who are willing to renounce al Qaeda , forsake violence and adhere to the Afghan constitution . " The U.N. Security Council split a key sanctions list on al Qaeda and the Taliban on Friday with an eye toward reconciliation in Afghanistan . The move makes it easier to add and remove people and entities from the sanctions lists . The council also established specific criteria for having an individual delisted . The vote was unanimous . "  It sends a clear signal that now is the time for the Taliban to come forward and join the political process , " Mark Lyall Grant , the British ambassador to the United Nations , told the council . At a news conference with Karzai earlier this month , outgoing U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates talked about making changes in Afghanistan . "  I believe that if we can hold on to the territory that has been recaptured from the Taliban between ourselves and the Afghan forces and perhaps expand that security , that we will be in a position toward the end of this year to perhaps have a successful opening with respect to reconciliation , or at least be in a position where we can say we 've turned a corner here in Afghanistan , " Gates said , referring to political reconciliation talks . Gates made the statement during his last visit to Afghanistan as defense secretary . Karzai awarded Gates the Wazir Akbar Khan medal , the highest governmental award . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This is Karzai being Karzai , " U.S. source says State Department says it supports reconciliation Afghan President Hamid Karzai tells a youth group about the talks U.S. Defense Secretary Gates has said reconciliation talks are possible
Sanford , Florida , Police Chief Bill Lee , who drew criticism for his department 's actions in the Trayvon Martin case , was fired Wednesday . "  After much thoughtful discussion and deep consideration for the issues facing the city of Sanford , I have determined the police chief needs to have the trust and respect of the elected officials and the confidence of the entire community , " City Manager Norton Bonaparte said in a news release . "  We need to move forward with a police chief that all the citizens of Sanford can support . I have come to this decision in light of the escalating divisiveness that has taken hold of the city . " Lee will receive a three-month severance and a week 's salary in addition to any earned time off . As a search for Lee 's replacement is carried out , interim Chief Richard W. Myers will remain on the job . Late Wednesday night , representatives of the Martin family said they "  respected " the city manager 's decision . "  It 's important that we really believe that , as all of this has unfolded , we 've continued to move closer to justice , " said family attorney Daryl Parks . Timeline of events in Trayvon Martin case Lee had submitted a resignation letter in April that said he was stepping down , but city commissioners voted not to accept it . In March , he had said he was stepping down temporarily in the wake of the public furor over the failure of the police to arrest George Zimmerman , the neighborhood watch volunteer who has said his shooting of Martin on February 26 was an act of self-defense . Also Wednesday , the Seminole County Sheriff 's Office released 911 tapes of calls placed the morning after the shooting , when police had still not identified the 17-year -- old victim . He was unarmed and carrying no identification when he was shot while walking to his father 's girlfriend 's house after picking up some snacks at a nearby store . In the first call , Trayvon Martin 's father , Tracy Martin , calls police at 8:39 a.m. asking to file a missing persons report , which typically would not be accepted until 24 hours after a person has been discovered missing . "  It has n't really been 24 hours , " he tells the police dispatcher . "  But I 'm from Miami and my son 's up here with me ... he do n't know anybody up here . " Documents shed light of Trayvon Martin killing In the return call , placed nine minutes later , the dispatcher tells the victim 's father that an officer is en route to where he was staying . Lee had said Zimmerman was not charged in the shooting because there were no grounds to disprove his account of the events -- that Martin had attacked him . Since then , Zimmerman has been arrested and charged with second-degree murder . The incident sparked a national debate as to whether the shooting was an act of racial profiling by Zimmerman and about the state 's "  stand-your-ground " law . Jailhouse calls show Zimmerman , wife talking in code During an appearance at the National Association of Black Journalists convention in New Orleans , Martin 's mother , Sybrina Fulton , said the family has been heartened by the response from the community . "  It 's just nice to see so many people that support us , so many people that walk up to us just to give us a hug . Just to tell us that they support us , " she said . "  It does the heart good . Yes , we still are hurting . We just had to go through a Mother 's Day and a Father 's Day and it hurts . It just hurts . "	Martin family lawyer : "  We 've continued to move closer to justice " City manager cites "  escalating divisiveness " in Sanford The former police chief drew criticism for not charging George Zimmerman 911 tapes show Trayvon Martin 's father did not know of his son 's fate the next day
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Marty Rathbun used to beat people . He admits it . But he says he was pressured to do it by his boss . Rathbun was once a senior official of the Church of Scientology , reporting directly to church leader David Miscavige . He says that Scientology 's leadership fostered a culture of violence among its top ranks and that Miscavige "  constantly pushed me to get physical with people " during his time among its top ranks . "  And I 've got to tell you , I 've admitted to some , to doing a few of those , " Rathbun said . "  But not like he did . " Rathbun broke with Scientology in 2004 after 27 years . Other former members support his accusation , telling stories about Miscavige kicking , punching and choking members of the Sea Organization , a religious order that is the church 's international leadership team . The church emphatically denies Miscavige abused anyone or encouraged anyone else to assault subordinates . The only abusers , it says , were two of today 's accusers . Meanwhile , in dozens of affidavits , e-mails and interviews , church supporters -- including members of its leadership and the former wives of some of the accusers -- are defending Miscavige and attacking the credibility of those who have spoken out . Church spokesman Tommy Davis said it was Rathbun 's physical abuse of other church officials that led to him being removed from his job . Scientology under scrutiny "  The thing Mr. Miscavige is known for , and has been from the very beginning , is he cleans house , " Davis said . "  He is someone who makes sure that people who do things that should n't be done , they 're removed . " Miscavige has led Scientology since the 1986 death of its founder , science fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard . Through a church spokesman , Miscavige declined to be interviewed for this report . There is no physical evidence to support the accusations against him , just as church affidavits attacking the accusers and supporting Miscavige can not be independently verified . But what both sides appear to agree on is that at least for a time , there were periodic beatings within Scientology 's upper management . While they disagree on who was responsible for it , both sides say top officials used physical abuse as a means of discipline and intimidation . During that period , no one called police . Rathbun is the highest-ranking member of the Church of Scientology to speak against Miscavige . He was Scientology 's "  inspector-general " and part of the Sea Organization . Members live behind the guarded walls of Scientology 's 500-acre international headquarters outside Los Angeles , provided with room and board and a $ 50-a-week paycheck . They sometimes wear naval-style uniforms , and their billion-year contracts with the church are a pledge not only for this lifetime , but for many others they believe are still to come . But during that time , Rathbun and others said Miscavige -- Rathbun 's immediate superior -- frequently assaulted subordinates . He said Mike Rinder , the church 's spokesman until 2007 , bore the brunt of the attacks . In a 2000 meeting , he said Miscavige pinned Rinder against a table "  and was whacking him upside the head , " then began choking him and eventually threw him to the ground by his neck . "  He had marks on his neck for a week , " Rathbun said . He 's not the only one to describe Rinder being badly beaten . Amy Scobee , who helped run Scientology 's Celebrity Center in Los Angeles , said she saw Miscavige choke Rinder during a meeting before she left the church in 2005 . "  He grabs Mike around the neck , swings him around in one of the office chairs that swings around and is choking him , holding his neck , and Mike 's just , like , grabbing the side of his chair , struggling , like , not knowing what was going on , " Scobee said . "  His face is turning red , and the veins are popping in his neck , and I 'm going , ` What the hell is going on ? ' " In 2007 , the BBC asked Rinder about allegations that Miscavige had beaten him . He denied the reports , calling them "  absolute rubbish . " He left the church soon afterward and now corroborates Rathbun 's account , telling CNN that Miscavige physically assaulted him about 50 times . He says he , too , got physical with subordinates . Jeff Hawkins , a marketing manager for the church , said Miscavige attacked him several times , including once during a marketing meeting . "  He jumped up on the conference room table , like with his feet right on the conference room table , launched himself across the table at me -- I was standing -- battered my face and then shoved me down to the floor , " Hawkins said . Hawkins spent 35 years as a Scientologist before leaving the church in 2005 . Tom DeVocht , a construction manager for the church , left the same year , because , he says , he could no longer accept Miscavige 's violence . "  David asked me a question , and I could n't tell you what the question is . Do n't remember , " DeVocht said . But , he added , "  The next thing I knew , I have been smacked in the face and knocked down on the ground ... in front of all these people . This is the pope knocking me to the ground . " In addition to leaving Scientology , Rinder , DeVocht , Hawkins and Rathbun are now divorced . Their former wives , who remain high-ranking members of the Sea Organization , are joining Scientology leaders in painting them as "  bitter " former employees who are now colluding against the church . All four spoke to CNN in a joint interview Monday , along with other church officials . Rinder 's ex-wife , Catherine Bernardini , said the only time she saw any sign that her husband had been beaten was when he was attacked "  totally out of the blue " by Rathbun . "  I know every square inch of Mike Rinder 's body , " she said . "  I know everything that 's ever happened to him , every accident , every time he broke his wrist . I 've been with him , we 've been together all our lives -- it 's utterly ridiculous , and it is n't true . " Rathbun 's ex-wife , Anne Joasem , calls him "  a liar " and "  totally psychotic . " "  He 's alleging that when he left in 2004 , it was because he witnessed Mr. Miscavige beating somebody up or whatever . Right after he left , I 'm the first person he called . He called me right away . And it never came up , " she said . DeVocht 's ex-wife , Jennifer Linson , said she "  never saw one scratch " on her husband . "  I never saw one bruise , I never saw one black eye -- nothing , " Linson said . "  Nor did he complain about anything personally . And he would 've told me , because any , anything that would happen , I would know about . And besides that , that 's not the character of Mr. David Miscavige . " Hawkins ' ex-wife , Catherine Fraser , said he "  never mentioned one thing " about any abuse . "  To the contrary , he mentioned to me how much Mr. David Miscavige supported him , how much he believed in him , " Fraser said . Davis , who replaced Rinder as Scientology 's spokesman , said that Rathbun was to blame for the beatings and that Miscavige stripped him of his authority as he learned of the problem in 2001 . Scientology officials say they tried to offer Rathbun counseling , but he refused their efforts and left the church three years later . After that , Davis said , Rathbun and other ex-members "  ganged up " to take on their old religion . The church says DeVocht was violent and wasted millions of church dollars during his time in the Sea Organization . It accuses Rinder of physically attacking his subordinates and says Hawkins has attended rallies with an anti-Scientology movement called Anonymous . "  These are individuals who have proven not only that they would lie , but that they will get other people to lie , " Davis said . "  It 's not much of a stretch for them to all get together , corroborate their stories , find some other people who have left years ago to try and corroborate it even more , and then come to news media and attack the very person who removed them . " But Hawkins said that was "  absolutely not true . " "  David Miscavige was the one leading this whole physical violence kick , and it was him who was beating people up , " he said . Rathbun calls the accusations against him "  outright lies . " "  I did n't come in here saying I was Little Lord Fauntleroy and never did anything wrong , " he said . "  I said I 'm no angel . I 'm going to tell you I was involved in this . But for God 's sake , to make it sound like I perpetrated the whole thing is just a complete and utter fabrication . " Rathbun said he never raised the issue with anyone besides his wife because of the power Miscavige wields , including excommunication . Hawkins said church members are "  not going to say anything " critical of the chairman , and he would have lied to the police himself while he remained a member . "  It 's like the battered wife , " he said . "  The police show up and say , ` Why are you all bruised ? ' And she says , ' I just fell down the stairs . ' She defends the husband . " But the church 's defense raises a question of who knew what , when and what was done to stop the abuses -- which its leaders say is a matter Miscavige handled personally , and internally .	Ex-members say Church of Scientology leader fostered culture of violence Church leader David Miscavige accused of tackling , choking members Church denies accusations , says ex-members did the beating
CNN  -- Richard III is getting people talking all over again . DNA tests confirm that skeletal remains found buried in a parking lot belong to England 's most famous king , British scientists announced on Monday . Some CNN commenters did a bit of a double take . don4060 : "  From the picture , I thought it was Keith Richards . " John : "  Nah , looks too lively and fresh . " Jerry : "  HAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!! The Strolling Bones ... " But Richard III 's suspicious rise to power and ultimate downfall are literally the stuff of Shakespearean legend . The news sent readers scrambling back to their history books , or perhaps Wikipedia . Social media users rushed to talk about it . Who would have guessed 500 years later a former king buried in a dirt hole would have a chance at redemption ? . View this page with Storify	Bones discovered in parking lot belong to King Richard III Historians hope to repudiate King 's villainous reputation ` Hide and seek win ' tweets one parody account
CNN  Uruguay 's politicians who led the charge to legalize marijuana and same-sex marriage appeared to win another ringing endorsement from voters in the South American country Sunday . The country 's electoral court announced that Tabaré Vazquez of the left-wing Broad Front coalition won the presidential runoff with about 53 % of the votes . Candidate Luis Lacalle Pou of the conservative National Party told supporters Sunday evening that he had conceded to Vazquez and wished him well , as exit polls predicted defeat . He garnered about 40 % of the vote . Vazquez 's victory gives Uruguay a third consecutive five-year term with a leftist leader at the helm . President Jose "  Pepe " Mujica -- a former Marxist guerrilla who donates the majority of his salary , drives a 1987 Volkswagen Beetle and sells flowers with his wife at their home -- leaves office next year . Vazquez , a 74-year-old oncologist , was Uruguay 's President from 2005 to 2010 . "  Uruguayans again have said ` yes , ' yes to more freedoms and more rights , better democracy and better citizenship , " he said in a televised speech Sunday . Under Mujica 's leadership , the Broad Front has pushed through reforms legalizing abortion , same-sex marriage and marijuana -- major policy shifts in a region once defined by conservative policies influenced by the Roman Catholic Church . The changes have given Uruguay , formerly a military dictatorship , a reputation in Latin America as a leading nation for liberal social policies . And that approach is n't likely to change , if Vazquez 's "  Uruguay does n't stop " campaign slogan is any indication . This year the South American nation became the first in the world to have a system regulating the legal production , sale and consumption of marijuana . Lacalle had vowed to repeal some parts of the new law if he were elected . Vazquez , a doctor who crusaded against tobacco during his first term as President , has expressed some concerns about the new marijuana law , but said he plans to enforce it . Still , Uruguay 's El Pais newspaper recently reported that he has n't ruled out the possibility of modifying it . "  There will be a strict and very close evaluation about the impact that this law has on society . We are going to analyze it very carefully . And if at any moment we see that it does not work , we will not hesitate for a moment in making the necessary corrections , " he said , according to El Pais . CNN en Español 's Jose Manuel Rodriguez and Dario Klein contributed to this report .	Tabaré Vazquez wins Uruguay 's presidential vote The leftist leader 's win means the country 's social policies will likely continue Vazquez has said he 'll enforce the new law legalizing the marijuana market His opponent had vowed to repeal parts of the controversial legislation
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Once upon a time , Maxwell 's hair would have walked into a room five minutes before he did . When he first hit the big time in 1996 , he rocked the biggest , fluffiest Afro this side of the '70s and evoked a distinctly bohemian vibe . Now , the neo-soul superstar is back after an eight-year self-imposed hiatus , and he looks like a new man , with close-cropped hair and a wardrobe of elegantly tailored suits . "  Sometimes I just get sick of myself , " he confided , alluding to his time away from the spotlight . "  That 's kind of what happened in 2001 . I did n't want to see another photo ; I did n't want to hear me . I just sort of needed a coffee bean in the perfume shop of who I was , you know what I mean ? " But the deluge of media attention is starting to happen all over again . We 're backstage at "  The Jay Leno Show " in Burbank , California , where the mood is jubilant . The night before , the 36-year-old singer-songwriter earned six Grammy nominations for "  BLACKsummer 's Night , " the first in a trilogy of albums rolling out over the next couple of years . It 's the comeback story of 2009 , especially since Whitney Houston 's much-publicized CD failed to garner a single nod from Grammy voters . Interview requests are pouring in . This time , Maxwell insists that he wo n't lose focus . "  I think I was just more afraid . Fear of failing , fear of having something sort of stop . For me , I was like , ' I do n't want to love this too much , because what if this goes away ? ' I kind of went through that because I 'm kind of insecure in that way . But for the hiatus to have occurred , to then come back and to have this -- I feel a lot more settled and a lot more confident . " Maxwell spoke with CNN about his return . CNN : When you were on your hiatus , was there ever a point where you thought , "  I 'm not sure I 'm coming back ? " Maxwell : I did n't know . I did n't know what people would want of me , if they wanted me back at all . I was always working on some songs . But was there an industry that was ready for me ? CNN : Back then , it was all about hip-hop excess and bling . Maxwell : It was so different three years ago , when you think about how hip-hop had completely devoured soul music or R&B . It 's all cyclical . The pendulum swings this way , and it swings that way , and I was waiting . I was biding my time because I was like , "  Why swim upstream ? " CNN : Do you think your career would be where it is now had you not gone away for seven or eight years ? Maxwell : I do n't think so . I think that the person that always shows up to the party is the person that always shows up to the party . I love Sade . She 's lived a very interesting code with regards to how she deals with her career . She 's been gone for 10 years , and it 's a good feeling when you can walk back into it after not seeing a friend for so long , and then you sit down to have lunch or coffee or whatever , and it 's almost like time did not freeze . That is what I would love to have with the public -- is to be able to kind of go away and to come back , and it 's as if no time had passed between us . CNN : While you were away , it was easy to think you were gone because of something troublesome . Maxwell : When there 's no information , people create whatever they want . CNN : You 're very mysterious . Maxwell : Am I ? CNN : People do n't know a whole lot about your life , except for what you write in lyrics . Maxwell : I feel like there 's a healthy separation , and I think that it really helps me to have something to say and to not make a spectacle of my day-to-day . I 'm not big on reality shows , when they know what toothbrush you use and what soap ; all those things that are commonplace now in terms of how people sort of see celebrities . I feel like I 'm real old-school that way . I love mystique . I love people like Harrison Ford . He 'll make his movies , and then he 'll go do his thing , and I think people just leave him to himself . I 've seen celebrities -- and I 'm talking about big-time people -- literally get off a plane , grab their own luggage , rent a car and drive themselves home . I love the fact that I do n't always have to be "  on " for my friends . And then when it 's time to get on stage , it 's that other person that kind of comes into the formation . I like those two distinctive worlds . CNN : Sounds like kind of a "  Sasha Fierce " mentality , where you have your alter ego . Maxwell : I was thinking of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde more -- just on a gender level . I do n't think I could rock those heels Beyonce rocks .  Laughs CNN : Are you ever going to grow your hair back ? Maxwell : You never know . I might do that . I might do something else . I just go with the flow . I definitely do n't want to be a haircut , definitely do n't want to be a gimmick . CNN : But the new haircut kind of signified a new Maxwell . Maxwell : It was just easier to deal with life in the morning , to be honest with you . You probably would have been waiting here like two , three more hours if it was the old strand and bead -- no , I 'm just playing . I feel like it 's also a rite of passage . You get older and grow , and you should change , you know ? If you 're frozen in a time capsule , that 's something you should be worried about . There are people who do what they do -- they have their superhero outfit , and they keep it on for 20 , 30 years . For me , it 's about transformation .	Maxwell 's return to the music industry has brought Grammy nominations He made it big 1996 but went on an eight-year hiatus in 2001 He returned with a new look and a new CD , the first in a scheduled trilogy
CNN  -- Military intervention in Mali has been swift -- it took only a few months for foreign forces to step in to start helping the population . Yet 10 years ago , the conflict in Darfur began . Many Darfuris are still waiting for the international community to help stop the bloodshed and ethnic cleansing . Civilians are still being systematically targeted , raped and killed and a recent upsurge in state-sponsored violence and human rights abuses is particularly worrying . Yet the response from the international community is to look the other way . Watch video : Warning of new Sudan disaster Why the rush to help Mali while Darfur has suffered for a decade ? Quite simply , the answer is fear . As British Prime Minister David Cameron claimed this January , all of North Africa is becoming a "  magnet " for jihadists from other countries . The West is worried about the possibility of an Islamist-aligned state , one that could offer a base to jihadist groups , allowing them to promote and export its extremist ideology -- a new Afghanistan , just when the international community 's intervention there is set to wind down . But the international community already confronts a similar reality in Sudan -- it just fails to truly understand the ugly nature of President Omar al-Bashir 's regime . You only have to take a look at the friends he keeps , including Iran -- designated by the U.S. government as a sponsor of international terrorism . And let 's not forget Sudan 's long history of harboring global terrorists . In the early 1990s this included international terrorist "  most wanted , Osama bin Laden . Even today , analysts think elements of al Qaeda and other international jihadists still linger in Sudan , and at the beginning of this year , an al Qaeda student wing was established at Khartoum University . Domestically , the Sudanese government promotes a violent , extreme form of Sharia law . At the very least this means anyone who fails to live by their strict and extreme interpretation of Islamism is castigated with public floggings and jail sentences . Moderate Muslims who signed the New Dawn Charter in January -- separating religion from state -- were labeled non-believers and infidels . At worst , Khartoum 's attempt to establish a racially pure Islamic state involves waging war against its own unarmed civilians , systematically and with impunity . In Darfur this has lasted a decade . The U.N. estimates that 300,000 Darfuris have died since 2003 , but it has n't bothered to estimate casualty numbers since 2008 . With fighting continuing to this day , the number is likely to be far higher . However , since these human-rights violations occur in a media vacuum the world assumes "  Darfur is over . " It is n't -- and wo n't be until the international community stops applying a lesser standard to Darfuris than to others who have needed its help . That 's why a coalition of Darfuri organizations , like the Darfur Union and NGOs like Waging Peace -- which campaigns against genocide and human rights abuses in Sudan -- are launching a new campaign , Darfur10 , to bring this war-torn region back onto the international agenda . Taking action need not require lengthy international negotiations . Let 's just start by finally implementing the numerous U.N. resolutions against Sudan since 2004 . Targeted smart sanctions against the personal finances of the architects of Darfur 's genocide would help . As would travel bans for high-ranking officials , stocking up on luxury goods from Paris . And no-fly zones would stop the government 's Antonovs from bombing Darfuri citizens . But addressing the underlying cause of Sudan 's troubles means ensuring al-Bashir and others in his regime are brought to the International Criminal Court to stand trial for crimes against humanity . Media outlets are already publishing retrospectives on Darfur , 10 years on . But for the inhabitants of this blighted land , we are still staring the conflict in the face -- every day . It 's time to take action . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hussain Begira	10 years after conflict began , Darfuris still waiting for end to bloodshed , says Hussain Begira International community ignoring a recent upsurge in violence there , he says He argues that U.N. should implement its sanctions and impose no-fly zone ` Darfur 10 ' campaign aims to put the crisis back on the international agenda
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- Some 700 people have been killed in clashes with Islamic militants in Nigeria , a military commander told CNN . Bodies of hard-line Islamic rebels killed in battle lie in a Nigerian city . Civilians and troops also have died . The fighting in the northeast Nigerian town of Maiduguri began with attacks by the Muslim militants on police and government targets , starting a week ago . Col. Ben Ahonotu , commander of the operation to combat Islamic militants , gave the new total . Previous reports said at least 400 rebels , troops and civilians had died in the region , including Borno , Yobe , Kano and Katsina states . Maiduguri is in Borno state . Ahonotu did not elaborate or provide further information , and it was unclear whether the 700 was in addition to the previous death toll . Attacks on police and government targets have been reported throughout the region . Boko Haram , an Islamist sect , wants the government to impose Islamic law , known as sharia , in the entire Muslim-dominated northern half of Nigeria . Sharia is already practiced in some northern states , but the sect wants even tougher religious laws and also opposes Western education . The southern half of Nigeria is predominantly Christian . A Boko Haram leader , Mohammed Yusuf , was reported captured Thursday by the military , but was found dead after he was turned over to police . Human rights groups are seeking more information on his death , and have also expressed concern about civilian casualties .	Hard-line Muslim militants fighting government troops in northern Nigeria Militants want strict Islamic law , or sharia , in entire north of country Unclear if 700 includes 400 deaths of rebels , troops and civilians reported before North of Nigeria predominantly Muslim ; south is Christian
Tallahassee , Florida  CNN  -- The mystery behind the killing of a nationally renowned law professor has authorities in Florida asking for the public 's help . Investigators with the Tallahassee Police Department are seeking tips from anyone who might have encountered Florida State University professor Daniel Markel before he was found shot in the head at his home this month . In a Monday news release , authorities asked anyone to come forward who might have seen Markel in specific areas , mostly on the north end of the city , but also near the centrally located FSU law school where he taught . A department spokesman did n't comment on why authorities are looking into those particular areas . Police went to the professor 's home on July 18 after receiving a call from Markel 's neighbor , who told officers he heard a loud bang before seeing a vehicle drive away from his house . When he went to investigate , he found his neighbor inside his garage , in the driver 's seat of his car , bleeding and in a daze . The driver 's side window of the car had been bashed open , the report says . A heavily redacted police report released Friday states there was no sign of forced entry , which Tallahassee police spokesman David Northway said could mean Markel knew the shooter . The report does not state whether the garage door was open . Also in the report , the neighbor told police a white or silver vehicle left the home , describing it as a Toyota Prius , or a Prius "  type " of vehicle . Police on Wednesday released via social media a picture of a silver car they called a "  vehicle of interest . " Police on Facebook cautioned it may have been a resident , passerby or delivery driver . Northway told CNN that investigators used a nearby business ' surveillance camera to capture an image of what appears to be a Prius . Police say there were no signs of a robbery and have yet to disclose a possible motive . They have been following up on more than 50 leads and offered a $ 3,000 reward for information leading to an arrest . In a news release Friday , Tallahassee Police Chief Michael J. DeLeo said , "  Our investigators are using all resources available to them and are continuing to explore all of the tips that we have received . " Police have been in contact with Markel 's former wife , Wendi Adelson , also an FSU law professor , said her attorney , Jimmy Judkins . She is "  scared to death " that the killer may be targeting her entire family , said Allen Grossman , a close family friend , who has known Markel and Adelson for several years . The couple had two sons together . Last week , Judkins told CNN his client has no idea why this happened . Markel began working at FSU in 2005 after receiving his bachelor 's degree at Harvard College , a master 's from the University of Cambridge and a law degree from Harvard . During his FSU tenure , the Toronto native taught several classes and wrote extensively about criminal law , including articles published in the Yale Law Review , among others . Markel also founded PrawfsBlawg , a blog focused on law and life , and his writing appeared in publications such as The New York Times , Slate , The Jerusalem Post and The Atlantic Monthly . On PrawfsBlawg , 10 fellow law professors posted about the respect they had for Markel and the mutual love he shared with his friends and family . "  His boundless energy was at the center of this community ; it made it run , it gave it life . We are stunned and bereaved by his loss , and our thoughts go to his two little boys , who were precious to him , and to his family . " Police release more details in slaying	Police are asking for the public 's help in solving the case Daniel Markel was found fatally wounded in his home 's garage There were no signs of robbery or burglary Police say a white or silver car seen around the crime scene is a "  vehicle of interest "
CNN  -- First , Brandeis University offered an honorary degree to Ayaan Hirsi Ali , an outspoken critic of Islam . Then apparently when officials actually familiarized themselves with her writing after several complaints , they took the offer back this week . One Fox News contributor calls it "  an honor killing , Brandeis-style . " That 's crass , but the university 's behavior is certainly disappointing . It smacks of cowardice , and Hirsi Ali ca n't be blamed for seeing it as an attack on her personal dignity . An act that was meant to honor her has been turned into an opportunity to shame her -- and , as she pointed out , "  The slur on my reputation is not the worst aspect of this episode . More deplorable is that an institution set up on the basis of religious freedom should today so deeply betray its own founding principles . " Indeed , the fear of creating offense is not compatible with academic freedom . On the contrary , criticizing society in the boldest terms possible is what intellectuals are there to do . So Brandeis ought to have stood by its invitation . But there are some who would ask why it made the invitation in the first place . If the institution was worried about generating controversy , all it had to do was Google her name to discover that Hirsi Ali is a very controversial person . Indeed , her views fall well outside of the mainstream . Hirsi Ali 's story is undeniably moving . Born in Somalia , she was the victim of female genital mutilation at the age of 5 and was betrothed into an arranged marriage , which she escaped by seeking political asylum in the Netherlands . Thereafter she emerged as a forceful , politically engaged critic of Islam -- her memoir , "  Infidel , " is an extraordinary testament to the horrors that fundamentalism can wrought on an individual . Her ethnicity excuses her from the charge of racism ; her politics is not reactionary but rather a very muscular variety of liberal universalism . However , the Islam that Hirsi Ali knew and denounces is a narrow cultural experience -- not the reality of the religion as a whole . There is no female genital mutilation in the Koran ; tribes do it because it is a custom , not a legitimate religious instruction . Likewise , the extreme Islamism that threatens the West -- and against which the right campaigns -- is a small , geographically limited phenomenon that is almost unrelated to the considerably more liberal forms of Islam practiced in , say , Bangladesh or Europe . It is true that Taliban Afghanistan or Iran have been theocratic , but this does n't make Islam incompatible with democracy . Far from it : Muslim political protest has been the heart and soul of the Arab Spring . And Hirsi Ali 's insistence that "  violence is inherent in Islam " is absurd . Violence is inherent in all of humanity -- you only have to read the Judeo-Christian Old Testament to find that out . And if violence was a purely Muslim thing , would n't we expect Muslims universally to hold fascistic views ? On the contrary , evidence suggests that globally they lean toward democracy , pluralism and a qualified gender equality . Moreover , Hirsi Ali 's personal experience of life growing up in war-torn Africa is a million miles away from that lived among second - or third-generation Muslim immigrants in Europe . There the picture is one of integration , spoiled only by a handful of radicals who were tolerated by both the state and the Islamic community for far too long . British journalist Fraser Nelson recently wrote a widely read piece pointing out that newspaper headlines about Islamic fundamentalism give a distorted view of religious relations in the United Kingdom . He noted , "  Last year ... the Jews of Bradford were facing the closure of their synagogue . Its roof was leaking , and the few dozen remaining regulars could not afford the repairs ... As things turned out , the synagogue was saved after a fundraising campaign led by a local mosque . Zulfi Karim , the secretary of Bradford 's Council of Mosques , now refers to  synagogue chairman Rudi  Leavor -- who fled the Nazis -- as his ` newfound brother . ' " When I wrote a piece in the same newspaper arguing that Islam was very close to Britishness in its obsession with good manners , hospitality and charity , I received dozens of abusive missives from white supremacists . It was a reminder that the flipside of Islamism is anti-Muslim hate . Which , I 'm afraid to say , is given propaganda material by the well-dressed , middle-class intellectuals who appear so frequently on our televisions to pronounce that "  violence is inherent in Islam . " All of which does n't mean that Hirsi Ali should be driven from the public sphere . On the contrary , her story is a testament to the evil that does exist in the world , and Brandeis should have stood by its decision to honor her . The right to speak freely should never be tampered with . But in the conversation about the limits to this speech that has followed , let this one fact be remembered : Hirsi Ali 's views are deemed politically incorrect for good reason .	Timothy Stanley : Brandeis withdrew honorary degree offer to Islam critic Ayaan Hirsi Ali He says move runs counter to academic freedom , Brandeis should n't have withdrawn it Had university vetted her , it would have seen her views on Islam are narrow , he says Stanley : Hirsi Ali 's views are deemed politically incorrect for good reason
CNN  -- Yemeni authorities working with the U.S. Navy intercepted a ship carrying a "  substantial " cache of "  illegal arms " such as surface-to-air missiles , potent explosives and rocket-propelled grenades , a U.S. official and Yemen 's government said Monday . The incident took place in Yemeni territorial waters in the Arabian Sea last Wednesday , according to a statement issued five days later from Yemen 's embassy in Washington . The crew of the USS Farragut , a Naval destroyer , was working with Yemeni authorities when they spotted the vessel , said an official in the Obama administration . The ship had several flags onboard , but no reliable documentation showing where it came from , the official added Monday . After the ship was intercepted , Yemeni coast guard officers boarded it and "  found a large cache of illegal arms , " according to the Yemeni embassy 's statement , which was also posted on the website of the Arabian country 's state-run SABA news agency . The firepower included anti-aircraft missiles , C4 military-grade explosive , ammunition and bomb-making equipment such as circuits , remote triggers and various handheld explosives , the Yemeni statement said . There were eight Yemeni crew members aboard the vessel . The Obama administration official described the effort as a joint operation , and said U.S. forces joined their Yemeni counterparts in boarding the suspect boat . High-ranking AQAP leader killed U.S. drone strike kills six in Yemen CNN 's Barbara Starr reported this story from Washington , and Greg Botelho wrote it from Atlanta . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	Yemen and U.S. authorities work together in intercepting a ship in the Arabian Sea U.S. forces boarded the vessel with Yemen authorities , Obama administration official says The vessel had surface-to-air missiles , explosives and more aboard , Yemen 's embassy says
CNN  -- Eating ethically is no easy task these days . One problem is deciding which ethic is more important . Keeping third-world farmers in fair trade jobs by purchasing their produce ? Or assuaging your concerns over the environmental impact of getting that produce to your kitchen by shopping locally instead ? A farmer at work in California . The UN says the food cultivation stage is the most damaging in the food chain . Up until recently it has been the latter concern -- how food is transported -- that has hogged the limelight when it comes to looking at the role the food chain plays in climate change . Statistics such as the fact that the average American meal travels on average 1,500 miles before it gets to the diner 's plate , have led to stronger backing for "  grow locally " movements . But the local food movement has been greeted with dismay by the developing world -- and for good reason . According to the UK-based Food Climate Research Network  FCRN  , as many as 1.5 million people in the developing world , in particular in sub-Saharan Africa , depend on the export horticulture market . Agricultural exports , meanwhile , have been partly to thank for Africa 's economic growth rates of around 5 per cent a year , according to the UK Department for International Development  DFID  . British shoppers alone spend more than $ 2 million every single day on fruit and vegetables imported from Africa . Encouraging them to shop locally instead of buying imported produce from the developing world could obviously have disastrous consequences for third-world farmers . Domestic not international food miles can leave bigger footprint Doing away with food imports could be seen as understandable if international transport played a dominant role in the food chain 's greenhouse gas emissions . But in the UK 's case -- where much of the research into the "  food miles " concept has taken place -- that does n't seem to be the case . A sturdy 85 percent of UK food transport-related emissions actually derive from domestic road deliveries according to the DFID . Road freight traffic in the UK grew by 67 percent between 1980 and 2001 , with the average journey length also increasing by 40 percent . By comparison , international freight contributes 11 percent of UK food transport-related emissions -- that 's less than one-tenth of one percent of the UK 's overall emissions , the DFID says . Transportation as a whole contributes 2.5 percent of the food chain 's emissions , says FCRN . Food refrigeration , on the other hand , accounts for as much as 18 percent  and notably 3.5 percent of the UK 's entire greenhouse gas emissions  . The whole transport issue initially came to the fore after the "  food miles " concept was coined in Europe to illustrate how fossil fuel-intensive the global food distribution network had become . But the relative blame that the transport sector should be taking for this is debatable . In the U.S. , up to 20 percent of the country 's fossil fuel consumption goes into the food chain , according to the UN 's Food and Agricultural Organization  FAO  , which points out that fossil fuel use by the food systems in the developed world "  often rivals that of automobiles " . To feed an average family of four in the developed world uses up the equivalent of 930 gallons of gasoline a year -- just shy of the 1,070 gallons that same family would use up each year to power their cars . The average developed world diet uses 1,600 liters of fossil fuels each year , according to the U.S. based Organic Consumers Association  OCA  . Only 256 of those liters come from transporting the food , says OCA . By contrast , a whopping 496 liters goes into the chemical fertilizers used during the food growing stage , representing well over one third of the food chain 's entire fossil fuel consumption . Food production responsible for much of greenhouse gas emissions According to the FAO , the food and agricultural sector is responsible for more than one third of global greenhouse gas emissions , with "  by far the most important " aspect of that sector 's environmental impact , it says , lying in the initial production process -- not in transportation . Within that initial stage , the most harmful activities are deforestation and cultivation . Deforestation , which clears the way for food to be grown , accounts for 18 percent of the food and agriculture sector 's emissions . Cultivation , including "  intensive livestock operations , irrigated rice paddies and application of synthetic fertilizers on cultivated land " releases enough methane and nitrous oxide to account for 13.5 percent of the sector 's greenhouse gas contribution . Quoting the UK-based Soil Association , the FAO says in conventional agriculture  i.e. non-organic  the largest amount of energy used -- 37 percent -- goes towards "  synthetic pesticides and mineral fertilizers , particularly nitrogen , and to a lesser extent , phosphorous , and potassium . " Nitrogen fertilizer in particular is extremely fossil fuel-intensive , requiring 1.5 tons of oil equivalents to make 1 ton of fertilizer . Meat and methane : climate killers ? There is , of course , one other major source of greenhouse gas emissions in the food chain : Meat . Back in 2006 , the FAO revealed that rearing livestock produced more greenhouse gas emissions than the transportation sector -- 18 percent of the world 's entire greenhouse gas emissions . Notably , livestock production generates 37 percent of human-induced methane and 65 percent of human-related nitrous oxide emissions . Methane has 23 times the global warming potential of CO2 ; the impact of nitrous oxide meanwhile is a staggering 296 times more powerful . Meat and dairy represent 50 percent of "  total food related impacts " , according to the Climate Action Program . And in terms of the fossil fuel bill meat runs up , for that family of four who is using up 930 gallons of fossil fuel a year on food , 265 gallons of it goes towards putting meat on their table . Going vegetarian , or vegan , therefore is being increasingly suggested as one of the best ways to slash our carbon contributions . A University of Chicago study found , for example that meat-eaters individually emit 1.5 more tons of emissions a year than vegetarians or vegans ; and according to the OCA , it takes 8 times as many fossil fuels to produce animal protein than their plant equivalent . Being vegetarian is by no means a panacea , however , as even the OCA concedes that eating a 2 kg box of vegetarian-friendly cereal is the equivalent of burning half a gallon of gasoline . But perhaps banking on everyone going vegetarian fails to take into account one simple fact : 1.4 billion people work in the global livestock sector and rely on meat-eaters for their livelihoods . How one would go about telling 1.4 billion people to shut up shop is anyone 's guess . E-mail to a friend Source : Organic Consumers Association ; Sustainable Business ; The Guardian ; The New Yorker ; UN Food and Agricultural Organization ; UK Department for International Development ; Transport 2000 Trust ; Food & Water Watch ; Danish Institute of International Studies	Transportation not as harmful in food chain as previously thought Initial production phase "  by far the most important " in food chain , says FAO Food and Agricultural sector contribute over 33 percent of global emissions Meat and dairy contribute 50 percent of "  food-related impacts "
CNN  -- For the first time in years , "  Monday Night Football " viewers did not hear Hank Williams Jr. 's intro "  Are You Ready for Some Football ? " after ESPN pulled the song from the broadcast following remarks Williams made about President Barack Obama . In an appearance on Fox News ' "  Fox and Friends " Monday morning , Williams referred to a June golf game with Obama and House Speaker John Boehner on the same team , against Vice President Joe Biden and Ohio Gov. John Kasich , as "  one of the biggest political mistakes ever . " Asked what he did n't like about it , Williams said , "  Come on . That 'd be like  Adolf  Hitler playing golf with  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin  Netanyahu . Not hardly . " In a statement Monday , ESPN said that while Williams "  is not an ESPN employee , we recognize that he is closely linked to our company through the open to "  Monday Night Football . " We are extremely disappointed with his comments and as a result we have decided to pull the open from tonight 's telecast . " In a statement issued through a representative , Williams , son of legendary country singer Hank Williams , acknowledged his analogy was "  extreme -- but it was to make a point . " "  Some of us have strong opinions and are often misunderstood , " the country singer said . " ... I was simply trying to explain how stupid it seemed to me -- how ludicrous that pairing was . They 're polar opposites , and it made no sense . They do n't see eye-to-eye and never will . " Williams , however , said he has "  always respected the office of the president . " Still , he noted , "  Every time the media brings up the tea party , it 's painted as racist and extremists -- but there 's never a backlash , no outrage to those comparisons ... Working-class people are hurting -- and it does n't seem like anybody cares . When both sides are high-fiving it on the ninth hole when everybody else is without a job -- it makes a whole lot of us angry . Something has to change . The policies have to change . " CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Country singer compares Obama to Adolf Hitler in remarks Williams statement says he has always respected office of the president Williams acknowledges his analogy was "  extreme "
Mashable  -- Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss must accept their $ 65 million settlement from Facebook and move on . A U.S. appeals court ruled Monday that the settlement -- which was featured in the movie "  The Social Network " -- still stands , despite the Winklevosses ' claim that Facebook did not disclose an accurate valuation . The suit stems from the Winklevosses ' claim that Facebook co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg stole their idea for the social-networking site . Zuckerberg and Facebook deny the allegations , but agreed to settle in 2008 . Since then , the Winklevoss twins have attempted to secure a higher settlement by claiming that Facebook is guilty of securities fraud . "  The Winklevosses are not the first parties bested by a competitor who then seek to gain through litigation what they were unable to achieve in the marketplace , " Chief Judge Alex Kozinski wrote in today 's ruling . "  And the courts might have obliged , had the Winklevosses not settled their dispute and signed a release of all claims against Facebook . " With both the district court and appeals court in agreement , it seems this may be the end of the Winklevosses ' claim to any additional shares of Facebook . "  For whatever reason , they  the Winklevosses  now want to back out . Like the district court , we see no basis for allowing them to do so , " Kozinski wrote . "  At some point , litigation must come to an end . That point has now been reached . " © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss must accept their $ 65 million settlement from Facebook Suit stems from claim that Mark Zuckerberg stole their idea for social-networking site Zuckerberg and Facebook deny the allegations , but agreed to settle in 2008
Editor 's Note : Tess Malone is a writer for the The GW Hatchet , the leading news source for George Washington University . This article was brought to CNN.com by UWIRE , the leading provider of student-generated content . UWIRE aims to identify and promote the brightest young content creators and deliver their work to a larger audience via professional media partners such as CNN.com . Visit UWIRE.com to learn more . Students start groups on social networking Web sites to discuss the dogs they left at home . UWIRE  -- For freshman Elise Chen , home is only a phone call away . It 's keeping in touch with Sammy , her collie-lab mix , that 's the problem . "  I can talk to my dog on the phone , but I do n't get anything out of it , " Chen said . Chen is not the only student who misses her pet , an integral part of many families . According to membership in Facebook groups dedicated to the topic , at least 44,845 others are in the same boat . There are at least six groups dedicated to missing one 's pet on the social networking site ; the largest , "  I love college , but I miss my dog , " stands at 31,056 members . The group 's wall is full of declarations of love for dogs at home , often accompanied by pictures and funny stories in the photo and discussion board sections . Chen , one of the group 's newest members , said she joined when she realized the forum was a literal representation of missing her dog . In some respects , Chen said , she actually misses her dog more than she misses her parents . "  My dog never says ` Go to bed , ' or ` You have to be in by two , ' " she said . "  My dog just says , ` I 'm happy to see you , even if it 's 2:30 in the morning . ' " GW 's Facebook network has its own group for pet lovers : "  I Miss My Dog . " Its 89 members frequently post pictures of their "  four - and sometimes three-legged friends at home , " as the group 's description states . The group 's active members use it as a way to further express themselves on Facebook and to cope with missing their animals back home . Like Chen , junior Jared Stone said he did not realize how much his dogs were a part of his life until he came to college . "  In the past , I had always been at home and always been around my dogs , " Stone said . "  I was used to having them nearby and petting them while watching TV . So in college , their absence hit me and I found the group on Facebook an accurate representation of how I was feeling . " Although a freshman like Chen is still adjusting to college life away from pets , Stone has learned that students must learn to deal with missing their pets . "  Friends fill the gap so much , but can only go so far , " he said . "  I 've overcome it , but it 's still nothing you can really get over . " Many students , including law student and "  I Miss My Dog " member Rebecca Rodgers , hope to eventually have dogs of their own , but they know that college is not conducive to pet ownership . "  My studio is no place for a dog and definitely not with a crazy law school schedule , " Rodgers said . When Rodgers misses her Australian shepherd , Missy , she turns to the popular video-sharing Web site YouTube . "  I tend to watch  my  particular breed of dog , Australian shepherds , " Rodgers said . "  Seeing other people 's dogs makes me miss mine a little less . " Chen also uses technology to cope , though in a more personal manner . "  I video chat with my dog , " she said . Although she does not plan on getting a dog on campus any time soon , she jokes about adopting a "  hallway dog " for Lafayette , where she lives this year . The Internet and hopes for the future , though good coping aids , can only help those missing their pets to an extent . Rodgers said , "  Sometimes I look over my shoulder and expect a dog to follow me around . "	College student : I miss my dog more than I miss my parents Missing a pet while at school is topic for six groups on Facebook Members post pictures , funny stories about their dogs
CNN  -- A celebrity gossip Web site has caught Maria Shriver a third time apparently violating California 's law against using a cell phone while driving . California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger says "  swift action " will be taken on wife Maria Shriver 's driving "  violations . " Web site TMZ posted a 17-second video Tuesday showing the California first lady apparently speaking into a cell phone while turning a corner in Brentwood in a black SUV . She puts the phone down part way through the video , but it 's not clear whether she did so because she had finished her conversation or because she noticed cameras following her . The site also photographed Shriver allegedly chatting while driving on Sunday and on June 12 . Shriver 's husband , California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , last year supported and signed into law a ban on using handheld communication devices while driving . Enforcement of the ban began July 1 , 2008 ; it carries a $ 20 fine for a first violation ; $ 50 for each subsequent offense . A similar law banning texting while driving took effect January 1 this year . Watch Shriver driving while on her cell phone By the end of September , the California Highway Patrol had issued tickets for about 150,000 cell phone infractions , said Chris Cochran , spokesman for the California Office of Traffic Safety . No one keeps track of infractions cited by county and local departments , he said . See where laws limit cell phone use in cars " Shriver has not been cited . In Los Angeles County , where Brentwood is , the Superior Court has set the cost at about $ 93 for the first ticket and $ 201 for the next one , meaning Shriver would owe at least $ 300 in fines and court fees had she been caught by police , CNN affiliate KTLA-TV reported . On Tuesday , Schwarzenegger sent a Twitter message to TMZ editor Harvey Levin : "  Thanks for bringing her violations to my attention . There 's going to be swift action . " What that action might entail was not specified . Shriver on Wednesday issued an apology : "  I 'm sorry , " she said in a statement . "  I will be donating my favorite old cell phone to my Women 's Conference partner Verizon through their HopeLine program that helps domestic violence shelters . I invite anyone else who wants to recycle their old phone to join me . That 's my version of swift action with a higher purpose . " The traffic office referred questions about Shriver to the governor 's office , which declined to comment . "  We do n't really think that hand-held bans have a whole lot of impact , " said Jonathan Adkins , spokesman for the Governors Highway Safety Association in Washington . The association urges drivers not to use phones , including hands-free devices , while driving , but does not support laws banning them , he said . The attention to Shriver "  alludes to a bigger problem , and that 's the fact that everybody does it , " Adkins said . "  Not only are public officials doing it , but we have to educate the highway safety community . ... Cops frequently are on their cell phones when they drive . "  The Shriver case really underscores the scope of the problem . We have a lot of educating to do . " Shriver 's most recent alleged violations come on the heels of AAA Northern California 's "  Heads Up Driving Week , " during which the auto club urged motorists to get in the habit of driving without distractions such as cell phones , fast food and tuning the stereo . "  We hope that by driving distraction-free for a week , people can pick up the habit for life , " AAA spokesman Matt Skryja said in a news release . Seven states and the District of Columbia ban all handheld cell phone use by drivers . Several other states allow localities to set their own limits on cell phone use .	NEW : Shriver apologizes and says she will donate her cell phone to charity California Highway Patrol issues 150,000 cell phone tickets in first year Gossip site catches Shriver apparently violating cell phone law ; she 's not cited California first lady 's gaffes point to bigger problem , safety advocate says
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's office contacted the U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan about reports the ambassador warned against sending more U.S. troops to the country , a Karzai spokesman told CNN Thursday . Two U.S. officials confirmed to CNN that Ambassador Karl Eikenberry sent two cables to Washington expressing reservations about troop increases amid uncertainty over Karzai 's government . One official , who spoke on condition of not being identified because of the sensitive nature of the cables , said the two communications "  expressed concern and reservations about troop increases in Afghanistan " until more is known about Karzai 's government after his recent re-election . Separately , a senior U.S. official also confirmed the existence of two Eikenberry classified cables . The official said Eikenberry expressed reservations about troop increases because of lingering concerns about Karzai and uncertainties about the government he is going to put in place . The second official also asked not to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the cables . In Kabul , Eikenberry 's office would not confirm to Karzai 's office the reports about the cables , Karzai spokesman Seyemic Herawi said . Herawi said Karzai will not comment on the reports without more information from the U.S. Embassy . Should more troops be sent to Afghanistan ? Share your thoughts Eikenberry previously expressed worry about corruption in Karzai 's government and its ability to partner with the United States to fight the Taliban . A senior State Department official told CNN that President Obama 's administration has questions about Karzai 's behavior , suggesting it has been inconsistent . Asked for an official response on reports of the cables , the U.S. Embassy in Kabul said it does not comment on private messages , but did confirm that there had been correspondence between Eikenberry and the president . In Washington , State Department spokesman Ian Kelly declined to comment Thursday on Eikenberry 's communications . "  We are not going to get into the details of this kind of advice , " Kelly said . "  This is a privileged channel of communication . They have the right to receive this advice in a confidential way , " Kelly said . "  Ambassador Eikenberry has been providing this kind of advice and analysis to the president and secretary since he arrived , " he said . "  The president really deserves the right to be able to gather all of this information from all of the different principals , people involved in the shaping of this policy . " Earlier , White House spokesman Tommy Vietor said , "  We wo n't discuss classified documents publicly , but , as we have said for months , success in Afghanistan depends on having a true partner in the Afghan government . " Initial reports of cables sent by Eikenberry appeared in The New York Times , Washington Post and Los Angeles Times . All three newspapers attributed the reports to senior U.S. officials , without identifying them . The developments came as Obama told his war council Wednesday that the U.S. troop commitment to Afghanistan is not open-ended , and then asked for revisions to options he previously received for sending more troops , a senior administration official told CNN . The war council -- comprising top Cabinet , Pentagon and administration officials -- met with Obama for the eighth time to discuss a request by the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan for up to 40,000 more troops . The meeting lasted more than two hours , according to the senior administration official . "  The president and his team discussed the length of time that it would take to implement the options he 's been presented , " the senior official said . "  The president believes that we need to make clear to the Afghan government that our commitment is not open-ended . After years of substantial investments by the American people , governance in Afghanistan must improve in a reasonable period of time to ensure a successful transition to our Afghan partner . " In particular , Obama pushed for revisions in proposed plans for troop increases to clarify how and when U.S. troops would turn over responsibility to the Afghan government , the official said . Earlier , a senior administration official and a U.S. military official independently told CNN that one option presented to Obama calls for sending about 34,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan , in addition to the 68,000 already committed to the country . The military official said the plan would send three U.S. Army brigades , totaling about 15,000 troops ; a Marine brigade of about 8,000 troops ; a headquarters element of about 7,000 troops ; and 4,000 to 5,000 support troops . The combat brigades would be brought in gradually , in three-month intervals , according to the military official . The troops would be spread across the country , mainly focusing in the south and southeast , where much of the fighting is , according to the military official . The option has been a favorite at the Pentagon in recent weeks , the official added . That is only one option , the senior administration official emphasized . Three other options , the official said , would be "  different mixes , " or "  different components of it . " Despite reports to the contrary , Obama has not decided the number of U.S. troops he will send to Afghanistan , White House officials said . Such reports are "  absolutely false , " Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said . And anyone who suggests otherwise , "  does n't have , in all honesty , the slightest idea what they 're talking about . " Republican members of the Senate Armed Services Committee urged Obama in a letter sent Wednesday -- Veterans Day -- to agree to the request for additional troops by U.S. military leaders in Afghanistan . The letter , signed by 10 Republican committee members , said success in Afghanistan will require enabling local leaders to govern and secure their country without substantial international assistance . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Elise Labott , Suzanne Malveaux , Mike Mount , Chris Lawrence and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	State Department says what ambassador tells president is confidential Hamid Karzai aides question U.S. ambassador 's advice to Obama Ambassador reportedly warns Obama against sending more troops to Afghanistan Ambassador has expressed concerns about Karzai government in past
Johannesburg  CNN  -- Daytime TV doyenne Oprah Winfrey said Friday she is "  100 % " behind President Obama as he campaigns for re-election this year -- and that the man she backed four years ago for president is doing a great job . Winfrey made the comments in a wide-ranging interview with CNN in South Africa , where she is marking the graduation of the first students to join the academy she set up five years ago . Seventy-two students , known as "  the pioneers , " will graduate Saturday from the Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls , watched by the school 's founder . The talk-show host opened the school in January 2007 to provide educational opportunities for impoverished girls in South Africa . In a post on her Facebook page Thursday , Winfrey said : "  I am one proud Mama . " The graduation ceremony will be a first for the school , she said , before the students "  go their separate ways to colleges all over South Africa and the U.S. . A bittersweet day to bask in all the memories of the past five years . " The school has faced a number of challenges over the years , including complaints of abuse against a dormitory matron -- who was later cleared -- and a police investigation into a student last year after an infant 's body was found . But Winfrey emphasized the achievements of the school 's 400 pupils , saying the word "  disadvantaged " had been eliminated so that no-one would lower their expectations for the girls . This time four years ago , Winfrey was also helping raise expectations for Obama as he battled for the 2008 Democratic nomination , appearing alongside him at campaign events in Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina . Asked about her support for Obama this time around , Winfrey said she had not felt the need to formally endorse him for 2012 because he is now well known to everyone . "  I do n't need to endorse him because I am a 100 % supporter of him and I 've already endorsed him , " she said . "  If he or his office called me tomorrow and said that they needed me I would do whatever I thought would be of service . I did what I did in 2008 because I really thought that would be of value and of service . I do n't think that 's needed in 2012 . There 's not a person in the world who does n't know who Barack Obama is . " Winfrey urges people not to forget how dire the economic outlook was when Obama first took the reins when they assess how well he is doing in the White House . She says she is confident Obama will be re-elected , adding , "  I think he is a masterful leader . " And his biggest challenge if he does indeed win a second term ? "  The same thing as the first four years , and that 's getting jobs for people , and getting our economy back in order , and building a sense of confidence in the American people so that they know that their futures can be sustainable . " CNN 's Robyn Curnow contributed to this report .	Oprah Winfrey says she is confident Obama will be re-elected "  There 's not a person in the world who does n't know who Barack Obama is , " she says Winfrey is marking the graduation of the first students at the school she founded The school in South Africa offers an education to girls from impoverished backgrounds
CNN  -- Thirteen-year-old Anjali did n't just pack her bags and run away to the circus , she signed a 10-year contract with a circus master after fleeing from long hours of domestic servitude in Nepal . Taken to India , she then endured years of appalling and dangerous working conditions for no pay . A British charity helped Anjali finally say goodbye to the circus . Anjali 's story is not the same as other victims , but there are disturbing similarities : threats , sexual and labor exploitation , often cruelty , sometimes brutality .  To read Anjali 's story , please go to UNODC 's 2013 publication , Hear Their Story . Her name was changed to protect her identity . Despite her terrible experiences , Anjali is one of the fortunate ones . There are millions of women , children and men across the world who face similar experiences . Human trafficking is now worth around $ 32 billion annually to the criminals and their networks . It is one of the world 's most profitable crimes . I recently attended a debate on human trafficking at the U.N. General Assembly in New York . Other speakers included Oscar-winner Mira Sorvino , UNODC 's good will ambassador against human trafficking . She spoke with dignity and with passion , which found echoes in the words of many of the other speakers , including U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . The debate ensured that this crime remains on the radar screens of U.N. member states , one decade after the Trafficking in Persons Protocol entered into force . There is also some good news . Today , 83 % of countries have proper legislation to combat human trafficking . In 2009 , this figure was only 60 % . So far , 175 states are parties to the Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and 154 are party to the Trafficking in Persons Protocol that is the foundation for our work against this heinous crime . Fifteen countries have also ratified the protocol since 2010 . This , however , leaves 39 member states who still have to ratify the protocol and unite the entire world against human trafficking . Impunity is another festering issue . Sixteen percent of countries have never recorded a single conviction for human trafficking . Conviction rates remain low . CNN Freedom Project : Rescued Nepalese find new life in circus Based on UNODC 's Global Report on Trafficking in Persons 2012 , between 2006 and 2009 , the number of detectable cases of human trafficking for forced labor doubled from 18 % to 36 % . It shows that more action against this crime is being undertaken by law enforcement bodies , but there is room for improvement . There are also problems with data collection and analysis . Our human trafficking report contained information from 132 Member States . Almost a third of countries failed to provide information to the report . Fortunately , there is an international road map : the 3-year-old Global Plan of Action . The plan created the Victims Trust Fund managed by UNODC . So far , the fund has enabled 11 grass-roots organizations to aid victims in situations similar to that of Anjali . But the improvements , while encouraging , are coming too slowly to help the millions of victims . What is needed is a catalyst . My suggestion is an inspirational , but realistic goal : a decade of concrete action to end human trafficking . Action founded on international cooperation and coordination . Arrests made in modern slavery case If we are truly serious about confronting this issue , I would suggest four steps to immediately improve the situation : First , increased victim protection and support , second , universal ratification and full implementation of the U.N. Convention against Transnational Organized Crime , as well as its protocol ; third , fresh contributions to the Trust Fund from governments , the private sector and the public to assist field organizations ; and fourth , the provision of comprehensive data to understand the nature of this global crime . Legislation , however , is only the springboard for action . Every country needs a national action plan closely linked to regional and international efforts to counter human trafficking . We also need to hunt down the proceeds flowing from this ugly crime . Preventing money laundering means working closely with banks and the financial sector to report suspicious financial movements and creating a virtuous circle among financial intelligence units , law enforcement bodies and prosecution authorities . But , it is not good enough to simply imprison the guilty traffickers , we must take their money and close down the networks and trafficking routes for good . I am aware of the dangers of making unrealistic promises , but I believe we can achieve this goal . After all , our reach should always exceed our grasp . Let 's turn the hourglass over and begin a decade of action to try to rid the world of the misery and suffering caused by human trafficking . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Yury Fedotov	Millions of people fall victim to human trafficking , says Yury Fedotov The world has made progress in reducing this profitable crime , he says Fedotov : Many countries have passed legislation against trafficking He says improvements coming too slowly ; a decade of action is needed
Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson , who shot and killed teenager Michael Brown on August 9 , is in the final stages of negotiations with city officials to resign , according to people close to the talks . Wilson maintains he has n't done anything wrong , and the resignation talks have hinged on whether a grand jury returns an indictment against him in the death of Brown , people close to the talks said . Wilson has told associates he would resign as a way to help ease pressure and protect his fellow officers . Wilson has expressed concern about resigning while the grand jury was hearing evidence for fear it would appear he was admitting fault . Wilson could announce as soon as Friday his plans to resign , the same day a St. Louis County grand jury meets to deliberate and possibly decide on an indictment . The talks could still collapse , these people said . Wilson does n't know what the grand jury will do and if they return charges he could change his mind .	Wilson shot and killed teenager Michael Brown on August 9 Sources : Wilson has told associates he would resign to protect his fellow officers Wilson does n't know what grand jury will do and could change his mind , sources say
CNN  -- Russian authorities have charged all 30 people aboard a Greenpeace ship with piracy after two activists tried to scale an oil platform in a protest of Arctic drilling last month , the Russian Investigative Committee said Thursday . The charging began Wednesday and finished Thursday . If convicted , the 28 activists and two freelance journalists could be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison . None of the 30 , who hail from at least 18 countries , pleaded guilty , the committee said . The defendants include Americans Peter Wilcox , who is the captain of the Arctic Sunrise , and Dmitry Litvinov , who Greenpeace says also holds Swedish citizenship . Greenpeace ship captains defies orders , Russians resort to towing They were arrested after two of the activists left the Arctic Sunrise and tried to climb the side of an oil platform owned by the Russian energy giant Gazprom in the Barents Sea on September 18 . The Russian coast guard detained the pair and the rest of the Arctic Sunrise 's crew , and towed the ship to the northwestern Russian port city of Murmansk . Greenpeace said the two activists were trying to hang a banner from the side of the rig in what the group called a peaceful protest against the "  slow but unrelenting destruction of the Arctic . " But Russian authorities accuse them of trying to commandeer the platform . The authorities and Gazprom also say the activists endangered the lives of the company 's employees and that their action could have led to an environmental disaster . Lawyers acting on Greenpeace 's behalf have filed appeals in court seeking the defendants ' release , Greenpeace said Thursday . "  Our activists have been charged with a crime that did not happen . They are accused of an imaginary offense , " Greenpeace International Executive Director Kumi Naidoo said Thursday . "  There can be no doubt about why the charge of piracy has been brought and the legal hammer wielded . "  An effort is under way to intimidate us , but our peaceful , passionate campaign against Gazprom and all other Arctic drillers will not be silenced . " The charge of piracy is "  over the top , " Phil Radford , executive director of Greenpeace USA , told CNN earlier this week . "  I think they  Russian prosecutors  will take it all the way to trial , " Radford said . "  I think Gazprom is using its political muscle to have the courts really crack down on these peaceful protesters . It 's a serious and overblown charge . "  They need to have the piracy charge because it 's the only way they can save face from illegally arresting these activists and journalists . " Russian President Vladimir Putin has indicated he does not consider the protesters pirates , but Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev , quoted in the Russian media , said Wednesday : "  Environmental concerns can not be used as a cloak for illegal acts no matter what lofty considerations such acts are based on . They can not manifest themselves in illegal methods or methods that are eventually unsafe for people and technological facilities . " Six protesting Shell by climbing London 's Shard arrested CNN 's Jason Hanna , Tom Watkins and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	30 were detained after a protest at a Gazprom oil platform in the Barents Sea Greenpeace says two activists tried to hang a banner from a rig Russia : The action endangered lives , and could have led to an environmental disaster The activists are "  accused of an imaginary offense , " a Greenpeace official says
CNN  -- Forget the burned jerseys . Never mind The Letter . LeBron James won titles in Miami but his heart was in Cleveland , and he 's ready to go home . James told Sports Illustrated for an essay published Friday that he 'll leave the Miami Heat for the Cleveland Cavaliers -- a sensational return to his home region that he devastated when he left via free agency in 2010 . "  I always believed that I 'd return to Cleveland and finish my career there , " the four-time NBA MVP said in a piece he wrote with SI 's Lee Jenkins . "  I just did n't know when . " "  I looked at other teams , " the 29-year-old wrote , "  but I was n't going to leave Miami for anywhere except Cleveland . The more time passed , the more it felt right . This is what makes me happy . " No terms were released , and the Cavs said no contract had been signed as of early Friday afternoon . When James will sign the contract has yet to be determined , Cavaliers Senior Vice President Tad Carper said . Numerous reports say that the maximum salary in the first year of a contract for an 11-year NBA veteran , like James , is $ 20.64 million , though there are exceptions . His move marks the end of a four-year partnership with stars Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh in Miami -- a run that saw James get his first two NBA titles . But the return to the Cavaliers , which drafted James in 2003 , allows the prodigal son and his native community to reconnect after a separation that shook both . The lakeside city that is long starved for a professional sports championship embraced him Friday . How James is going to make $ 1 billion Fans drove past his Cleveland-area home and honked horns after the news spread . Patrons at a restaurant gushed when a reporter asked what they thought of the move . "  LBJ 's coming home ! Ca n't wait ! Championship ! " a man told CNN affiliate WEWS . "  Cleveland fans are trying to figure out how to unburn their LeBron jerseys , " Twitter user nic_johnston44 wrote . Pat Riley , the Heat president who lured James away in 2010 , said Friday that although he was disappointed , "  no one can fault another person for wanting to return home . " "  The last four years have been an incredible run for South Florida , Heat fans , our organization and for all of the players who were a part of it . LeBron is a fantastic leader , athlete , teammate and person , and we are all sorry to see him go , " Riley said . What about The Letter ? "  We 've talked it out " In 2010 , James and marquee free agent Bosh left their teams to join Wade in Miami -- with James , looking for NBA championships , famously announcing his move in an ESPN special called "  The Decision . " After reaching four straight NBA finals with Miami , James exercised his contract option this summer to become a free agent two years early . James was a Cleveland hero , growing up some 45 miles away in Akron and starring seven years with the Cavs . But his 2010 departure -- and the way he did it , telling ESPN that he was "  taking my talents to South Beach " -- rankled the people of Cleveland , with fans burning James jerseys and stomping on his likeness . Internet responds with LeBron memes If those fans torched the figurative bridge , Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert vaporized it with a scathing letter blasting James ' "  cowardly betrayal " and , in a forecast that did n't quite pan out , promising that the Cavs would win an NBA title "  before the self-titled former ` king ' wins one . " How could James return to the team after that ? "  I 've met with Dan , face-to-face , man-to-man . We 've talked it out , " the Sports Illustrated story reads . "  Everybody makes mistakes . I 've made mistakes as well . Who am I to hold a grudge ? He also addressed Cleveland fans ' negative reaction to his Miami move . "  It was easy to say , ` OK , I do n't want to deal with these people ever again . ' But then you think about the other side , " he wrote . "  What if I were a kid who looked up to an athlete , and that athlete made me want to do better in my own life , and then he left ? How would I react ? " Twitter reacts So he felt OK to return to Cleveland , where he feels he has unfinished business . In his first Cavs stint , he won two league MVP awards and went to the NBA finals once , but won no ring . The interest was mutual , and the Cavaliers made their intentions known when they shipped off Jarrett Jack , Sergey Karasev , Tyler Zeller and a future first-round draft pick to clear the salary cap space necessary to sign James . James joins a Cavaliers team that has struggled , making no playoffs and picking first three times in the NBA draft since James ' departure . Those picks were two-time All-Star guard Kyrie Irving , UNLV 's Anthony Bennett and University of Kansas phenom Andrew Wiggins , all currently in Cleveland 's possession . James : Miami was "  almost like college " In the SI piece , James said he 'd still have left for Miami if he had to do it all over again . It could be described as the college experience that he never had . "  Miami , for me , has been almost like college for other kids , " James , who went pro straight out of high school , said in Sports Illustrated . "  These past four years helped raise me into who I am . " His ties to his home , he said , pulled him back . "  My relationship with Northeast Ohio is bigger than basketball . I did n't realize that four years ago . I do now . " Bringing trophy to Cleveland "  most important " James ' Instagram account Friday had a photo , showing him in a Cavaliers jersey , said : "  I 'm coming home . " In the SI piece , James wrote that his "  goal is still to win as many titles as possible , no question . " "  But what 's most important for me is bringing one trophy back to Northeast Ohio , " he wrote . "  I 'm not promising a championship . I know how hard that is to deliver , " James added . "  We 're not ready right now . No way . Of course , I want to win next year , but I 'm realistic . It will be a long process , much longer than it was in 2010 . " White House takes notice The news generated intense interest as soon as it broke , around 12:30 p.m. ET Friday . Three of the top 10 trending terms on Twitter were almost instantly related to James . It even came up in the daily press briefing at the White House . When asked , White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said he did n't know if noted NBA fan President Obama had a reaction to James ' move . But Earnest added : "  The fact that he has made this decision is a testament to the kinds of values that he has incorporated into his life and he says that he is interested in instilling in his children . " "  I think it is a pretty powerful statement about the value of a place that you consider home , " Earnest said . Professional athletes weighed in . From Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson on Twitter : "  Congrats to my man @KingJames on Cleveland ! Too bad we do n't have the #Sonics #NoPlaceLikeHome . " Baltimore Ravens wide receiver Torrey Smith said on Twitter : "  I 'm happy Lebron is going to CLE ... not that he owes anyone anything but he means more to that city than anywhere else in the world ! Iconic . " CNN 's Michael Pearson , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Jason Durand and Jill Martin contributed to this report .	James : "  My relationship with Northeast Ohio is bigger than basketball " Four-time league MVP returning to Cavaliers after four years with Heat James says he "  talked it out " with Cavs owner who ripped him in 2010 James : "  My goal is still to win as many titles as possible "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Archaeologists excavating a site in East London have made an "  extremely rare and unprecedented " find -- a delicately detailed dish made of hundreds of pieces of tiny glass petals , the Museum of London Docklands announced Wednesday . The dish unearthed after about 2,000 years . The "  millefiori " dish  the name means "  thousand flowers "  was found buried in the grave of a Roman Londoner , the museum said . Based on the other grave goods found at the site , archaeologists believe the person buried there was wealthy , the museum said . The dish was highly fragmented when archaeologists unearthed it , the museum said , but it had been held together over the centuries by the earth around it . A conservator at the museum reassembled the dish , which is now on display at the Museum of London Docklands . "  Piecing together and conserving such a complete artifact offered a rare and thrilling challenge , " said conservator Liz Goodman , who did the work . "  We occasionally get tiny fragments of millefiori , but the opportunity to work on a whole artifact of this nature is extraordinary . The dish is extremely fragile but the glasswork is intact and illuminates beautifully nearly two millennia after being crafted . " The glass petals are blue with white borders and are each indented . They were originally embedded in opaque red glass , the museum said , and while the red coloring has diminished across most of the dish , it can still be seen around the edge . "  The complexity of its manufacture indicates that the dish was a highly-prized and valuable item , " the museum said in a statement . Such beautifully crafted vessels were in vogue in the 1st and early 2nd centuries , the museum said . Dating is under way to determine the precise period of the find . The excavations that uncovered the dish are part of an ongoing dig at the extensive eastern cemetery of Roman London , which was then called Londinium . The site now lies in the neighborhood of Aldgate . The cemetery -- which , by law , lay outside the city walls -- spanned more than 400 years of Roman occupation from the late 1st to early 5th centuries , the museum said .	Archaeologists in London find rare , valuable dish at Roman cemetery Millefiori dish was fragmented but held together for about 2,000 years Complexity of the dish indicates it was highly-prized and valuable item Dish on display at the Museum of London Docklands
CNN  -- The Chicago City Council approved a measure on Wednesday that allows police to issue citations for those carrying small amounts of marijuana rather than make arrests . It 's the latest follow through by U.S. officials to decrease penalties associated with the drug . The ordinance , which was modified from a 2011 plan , would afford city police officers the discretion to issue a citation for those carrying up to 15 grams of marijuana . Offenders would face a fine that ranges from $ 250 to $ 500 . "  The result is an ordinance that allows us to observe the law , while reducing the processing time for minor possession of marijuana -- ultimately freeing up police officers for the street , " Mayor Rahm Emanuel said in a statement . The measure will take effect on August 4 , though it would n't apply on school grounds , in parks or among offenders 16 and younger , according to mayoral spokeswoman Jennifer Martinez . Police officers are expected to undergo training on the new policy in the next two weeks . Earlier this month , Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee signed a similar measure into law , allowing law enforcement to issue civil fines for the small amounts of possession , rather than arrests . Also in June , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo asked legislators to reduce penalties for possession of small amounts of the drug that are in public view . Saying the aim was to avoid unnecessary misdemeanor charges against thousands of New Yorkers -- "  disproportionately black and Hispanic youth " -- the proposed legislation "  brings consistency and fairness " to New York 's marijuana laws , the governor 's office said . In 1977 , New York 's legislature reduced the penalty for possessing 25 grams or less of marijuana to a noncriminal violation carrying a fine of no more than $ 100 for first-time offenders -- as long as the marijuana was in private possession and not in public view . If the marijuana is out and viewable in public , it becomes a Class B misdemeanor . NY pot plan : Right step or bad message ? Opinion : Marijuana law creates criminals	Chicago approves a measure that allows citations for those carrying small amounts Offenders would face a fine that ranges from $ 250 to $ 500 Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee signed a similar measure into law earlier this month New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo asked legislators to reduce penalties for possession
CNN  -- For a recovering addict , reveling at a party or having pills in your room can be seen as a sign you are in control , having successfully defeated your demons -- or just as likely , experts say , a sign of weakness that could lead to a dangerous , if not deadly , outcome . On any given day , an estimated 23.5 million Americans need help to overcome chronic substance abuse , according to the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Administration . By her own admission , Whitney Houston once was one of them -- until her still unexplained death last Saturday in her Beverly Hills , California , hotel room . Funeral for Whitney Houston set for Saturday She had admitted in the past having done marijuana and cocaine , spoke about her mother staging an intervention for her and made several trips to rehab . Yet more recently , many of her friends contended that Houston 's spirits , and her health , seemed good . Authorities have not yet ruled on why the iconic singer died . The Los Angeles County coroner 's office has downplayed the suspicion that drugs played a major role . Assistant Chief Coroner Ed Winter said Monday that "  not many prescription bottles " were found in the singer 's Beverly Hilton hotel room after her death . The amount of medications recovered by investigators was less than usually present in deaths attributed to overdoses , Winter said . Singer Kelly Price told CNN that "  Whitney was partying , she was happy ... maybe a little tipsy because she had champagne " at an event two nights before she died . Mixing pills and drinking can be a "  bad , bad combo , " former musician , admitted junkie and now addiction specialist Bob Forrest said . Whether or not substance abuse had anything to do with the songstress 's death , her well-chronicled struggles with drugs are a part of her story , just as they were a part of her life . LZ Granderson : Death sad , but no shock What is addiction , what it can do to people , and what can be done about it ? The good news , say experts , is that addicts can get better . To do so , one critical element is having self-awareness -- understanding the roots of one 's problems , and often pain , plus knowing what environmental or personal triggers might set off a relapse . Another is control , by being strong enough to resist temptations and to accept one 's vulnerabilities . And a third factor is vigilance , given that addiction is a relentless and unforgiving condition , for which any slip-up can be potentially fatal . "  It is incurable , but it 's treatable , " said William Cope Moyers , a vice president of the Minnesota-based Hazelden treatment center . "  But  recovery is only possible if the addict or alcoholic is part of the solution . " Having himself gone to rehab four times in one five-year stretch , Moyers -- a former journalist who worked at CNN in the early 1990s -- stressed that for a Whitney Houston or other recovering addict , willpower alone does not work . Nor is recovery as simple as deciding , from here on out , to say no to drugs or alcohol . He also disputes the notion that addiction "  is a reflection of a bad upbringing ... or a lack of faith . " Reverend : The Whitney I knew Yet an addict must believe he has a problem . While it is more straightforward to tell a patient that a tumor is malignant , a doctor is often more hard-pressed to tell someone they have a serious addiction -- even though it can be deadly , like cancer -- said Dr. Morteza Khaleghi , founder of the Creative Care Malibu center . And rarely is that first step the last one , addiction-recovery experts say . Relapses , and repeated visits to rehab centers and treatment programs , are common for addicts before it sinks in how grave their problems are and what they can do about them -- unless the addiction kills them first . Houston herself admitted in a 2009 interview with Oprah Winfrey that she once "  did  her  30 days " in one rehab facility , got out , and yet her drug use continued . She said she was finally convinced to get serious about her recovery when her mother , renowned gospel singer Cissy Houston , came to her door with a sheriff and a "  court injunction , " saying , "  You do it my way or we 're not going to do this at all . " Whitney Houston : A mother , a daughter , a friend Aside from any physical challenges , overcoming addiction is hard work mentally and emotionally . And if you let down your guard , warns interventionist and "  How to Help the One You Love " author Brad Lamm , it can come back with a vengeance -- as bad , if not worse , than before . That 's why specialists say it is so imperative that an addict know what places , situations , smells are more likely to set him or her back . They generally recommend that those who have been hooked before -- on whatever substance -- avoid situations like a raging party or raucous club scene , as well as that they take pains to limit their exposure to prescription drugs or alcohol . "  Relapse is just around the corner , but it 's your responsibility as a recovering person to know all your trigger points , " said Khaleghi . The Creative Care executive director , for one , says that relinquishing some control and admitting your limitations -- including what you can handle and can not , at least without help -- is critical to success . Singer Kim Burrell said about her good friend that Houston was "  strong " and "  smart as a whip , " yet hesitant to let anyone else make decisions for her . "  She was her own woman , she made her own choices , and she was adamant about that , " said Burrell . It is inevitable , and in many ways essential , that addicts at some point draw up their own boundaries . Experts say it is not necessary or logical for them to carry on feeling like they are trapped in a bubble , adding it is important that they eventually take ownership of their lives and their problems . Still , for those with an addictive history , making those decisions comes with great risk . "  Each person gets to decide what their own baseline is , " said Lamm . "  And it changes for different people , at different times . But it 's really a slippery slope , especially if you start taking any drug  including alcohol  again . "	Before her death , Whitney Houston had a history of substance abuse issues An interventionist calls her partying and pills found in her room "  a bad , bad combo " One expert calls drug and alcohol addiction "  incurable , but ... treatable " Recognizing , and avoiding , situations that might trigger a relapse is important
CNN  -- Shannen Doherty is perhaps best known for portraying Brenda Walsh on "  Beverly Hills , 90210 " as well as her former reputation as a Hollywood bad girl . The actress , 39 , has written her first book , "  Badass : A Hard-Earned Guide to Living Life with Style and  the Right  Attitude . " "  Badass " is a self-help tome of sorts with tips on style and a memoir weaved in , but certainly not the tell-all kind . Doherty owns up to her past mistakes and admits that her "  bad girl " reputation was deserved , but she also insists she 's evolved into a badass -- a woman of integrity who is strong , confident , self-aware and compassionate . Doherty spoke to CNN about the book , the importance of maintaining one 's own integrity and , of course , "  90210 . " CNN : In the book , you talk about how a lot of women act like victims . In what ways do women act like victims when they may not even realize it ? Shannen Doherty : Constantly complaining about it being a man 's world is a really good example . If you want to complain about it being a man 's world , then do n't rely on a man to take care of you . If you 're a full-time mom , then that is your job . And that 's a big , big , big job . It 's difficult , and kudos to those who do it because all I can say is ` Wow ! ' I have a lot of friends who are full-time moms , and they all work a hell of a lot harder than I do . But it 's the women who are supposedly working out there who complain that it is a man 's world . They get married for a couple of years , then they get divorced , and all of a sudden they 're suing their husbands for a ton of money . Its like , are you kidding ? Support yourself . Women talk about being victims for all sorts of reasons , and we 're only victims of ourselves . Stop being overbearing . That was a lesson I had to learn . I thought that being a woman and being young , in order to be heard I had to be very strong and overbearing and loud and get my point across , and if somebody did n't agree with me , it just meant I had to get harder with it . Now I do the opposite . I erase the fact that I 'm a woman , and I 'm not a victim anymore because I 'm happy being a woman , and I think it 's actually going to get me further . If I can turn on some Southern charm -LSB- Doherty is a Tennessee native -RSB- in corporate America -- where , granted , there are a lot of men -- that 's fantastic ! I 'm going to stand out from the 50 other men that work in the office because I 'm different . CNN : In light of all the news stories about bullying out there , do you have any advice for maintaining our integrity in the face of bullies and so-called mean girls , be it in the schoolyard , workplace or social situations ? Shannen Doherty : Mean girls usually grow up being not so great . ... What they 're doing has nothing to do with you , and it has everything to do with them . They 're insecure . Maybe they 're insecure because you 're breaking new ground , because you 're taking risks in your life and you do n't care what people say , or at least that 's what comes across . It frightens that person , and sometimes , when people are frightened , they react in angry , hostile ways . In order to keep your integrity , you must stay true to yourself and not let bullies get you down . CNN : You 're a big proponent of deciding what you stand for and sticking with it . Is that harder than it sounds ? Doherty : Not at all . You should know what you believe in and what your convictions are . It 's why I was in training for so long . I was never really wishy-washy , but I 'm very firm in who I am now and firm with being able to be flexible , but my beliefs are my beliefs and there 's definitely nothing wishy-washy about it . CNN : You say that being an authentic badass means being a work in progress . How are you a work in progress ? Doherty : I 'm still a work in progress because I 'm still making mistakes . Badasses will always make mistakes . It 's just not repeating those mistakes , and hopefully they 're not as horrifying and shameful as some of the earlier mistakes of my youth . To be a true badass , you 're going to make mistakes because you 're constantly evolving , constantly growing and constantly learning new things . CNN : Do you keep in touch with any of your "  Beverly Hills , 90210 " co-stars ? Doherty : I do ! Jennie -LSB- Garth , who played Kelly Taylor , -RSB- and I worked together on the new "  90210 , " and we really connected as women now that we 're older . We 've both grown up , and we realized that we like each other . We found a great new relationship within each other . And I just adore , adore , adore , adore and love Brian Austin Green , -LSB- who played David Silver -RSB- . CNN : What was your favorite "  Beverly Hills , 90210 " episode ? Doherty : Playing Laverne -LSB- season one , episode 15 , "  Fame is Where You Find it " -RSB- was so much fun with that heavy , heavy accent that I used -- and the singing ! That was pretty exciting . The breast cancer scare -LSB- season one , episode 157 , "  It 's Only a Test " -RSB- was really meaningful . I loved doing heavy drama , and I still do . It 's my forte , and I love it . CNN : Is there anything else you 'd like to say about "  Badass " that we have n't covered ? Doherty : I think it 's important to get across that the book has a lot of poignant , honest moments . I tell stories about myself that nobody ever heard . But the book is also fun ! For example , there 's a whole section on stalking . -LSB- She means the drive-by kind , nothing unlawful . -RSB-	Former "  Beverly Hills 90210 " star Shannen Doherty has written her first book The actress "  admits that her ` bad girl ' reputation was deserved " Doherty also reveals her favorite "  90210 " episodes
Budget Travel  -- If you make like a hermit crab at the shore , we 've got nine spots where you 'll have the sand  mostly  to yourself . Now please do n't blab about them . 1 . High Bar Harbor , New Jersey Tucked behind the Barnegat Lighthouse , you 'd never know that this lollipop-shaped stretch of sand is on Long Beach Island , one of the most popular Jersey shores . But watch the water -- when the tide comes in , you 'll likely be stranded . Get There : Take Long Beach Blvd. north into the town of Barnegat Light and turn left on 20th St. , a.k.a. Auburn Road . Go a third of a mile , then bear right at the Y-shaped intersection onto Sunset Blvd. . Take it to the end . You 'll see a footpath to the beach . See Budget Travel 's gallery of the beaches 2 . Caladesi Beach , Florida To be honest , you 'll hardly be alone here . Caladesi Island State Park is home to armadillos , gopher tortoises , and hundreds of species of birds nesting among the sunflower-flecked dunes . On the other hand , there 's not a parking space in sight . Get There : The park , off the west coast , is accessible only by private boat or ferry from Honeymoon Island State Park . $ 12 adults , $ 6 kids . 3 . Ruby Beach , Washington Rugged yet serene , Ruby Beach feels almost mythical , especially at low tide and in the fog . The rock outcroppings are eerie , but the tidal pools can be stunning , too . Get There : There 's a sign seven miles north of Kalaloch on Hwy . 101 . From the parking lot , follow the path through the trees , down a decline , then toward the water . You 'll have to clamber over driftwood at the end , but it 's worth the effort . Budget Travel : 10 best affordable beachfront hotels 4 . Pfeiffer Beach , California The rock formations are gorgeous . In some places , the sand is a light shade of purple . Sure , it can get windy , but that 's a small price to pay for paradise . Get There : The turnoff is actually just past the Pfeiffer Big Sur State Park entrance , at Sycamore Canyon Rd. . Drive two miles to the beach , then walk 10 minutes north to Deer Canyon . There 's no sign , but you 'll know it when you see it . 5 . Packard Park Beach , Michigan South Haven is home to several celebrated  and crowded  spots on Lake Michigan . This section is the uncelebrated but equally lovely area just north . You wo n't find any lifeguards here , but civilization is just a short walk away  if you must  . Get There : From the center of South Haven take Broadway north about two blocks , then west onto Dyckman Ave. over the drawbridge to North Shore Dr. Turn right and Packard Park Beach is about one block on the left . 6 . Queen 's Pond , Hawaii The mountains are to your back , the ocean is in front , and in between is sand made for napping . In other words , your average , amazing Kauai beach , this one in Polihale State Park . Get There : Take Hwy . 50 past the Pacific Missile Range Facility and look for a sign , then a dirt road to Polihale on the left . Go 3.3 miles to where the road curves near a large monkeypod tree . Take the left fork and park . Walk north . Spread your blanket . Budget Travel : 8 perfect summer lake towns 7 . Big Bay Beach , Wisconsin We wo n't recommend swimming -- even on a hot day Lake Superior is cold enough to freeze your butt off . But the sandstone cliffs and pristine woods enveloping this 1.5-mile pocket of beach make for a lovely hideaway . Get There : Located on Madeline Island , the beach is accessible only by ferry  $ 12 adults , $ 6 kids 6-11  from Bayfield , off Hwy . 13 . Follow the signs to Big Bay State Park . 8 . Orient Beach , New York At the tip of Long Island 's North Fork , Orient is well-known to locals but few others . After just a stroll down the pebbly beach , you 'll be alone with views of the Long Beach Bar Lighthouse , Shelter Island , and awesome sunsets . Get There : Take the L.I. Expressway to the east end , where it becomes Rte . 25 . Follow the signs to Orient Beach State Park . 9 . Cow Yard Landing , Massachusetts Chatham is on the elbow of Cape Cod , which means that just about every beach view is drop-dead gorgeous -- if you can see around all the people . Cow Yard is one rare spot where you 'll be able to ditch those crowds . This is also one of the better places on the Cape to launch a kayak , if that 's the kind of thing that floats your boat . Get There : Take Rte . 28/Main St. to Old Harbor Rd. . Go 1.1 miles ; turn right on Cow Yard Lane . Get there early . Parking is limited . Budget Travel : Greatest travel books of all time Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2010 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	The best beaches in North America to soak in rays and feel the sand between your toes Cow Yard Landing in Massachusetts is a rare spot on Cape Cod where you can ditch the crowds Only Long Island locals know about Orient Beach , where you can catch gorgeous sunsets
CNN  -- Babies are unpredictable , messy and constantly changing . Sleep-deprived parents struggling to make sense of their tiny humans ' behaviors are starting to take a scientific approach , collecting data in the hopes of solving problems like not sleeping through the night . Ankle monitors are typically associated with criminals on house arrest , but the latest gadget for this generation of tech-saturated parents mimics the shackles of old -- in much friendlier colors . Sproutling 's baby ankle monitor tracks vitals such as heart rate and body temperature , and can tell if a baby is moving or in a dangerous face-down sleeping position . The environmental sensor picks up on the humidity , noise levels and temperature of the baby 's room . Best of all , it learns about each child 's behaviors over time and adjusts accordingly . For example , it might deduce the optimal room temperature for sleeping based on a child 's nap patterns and point out that lowering the temperature two degrees will help the baby sleep 20 minutes longer . Or if it senses elevated noise levels , it could warn parents that their child is going to wake up unless it 's quieter . But are there are concerns about introducing yet another gadget into parenting . Children are already glued to their iPads , parents to their smartphones . Instead of relying on first-person observations or their own instincts , parents could use devices as a crutch . The promise of solving problems with enough data can also be misleading . For some babies , all the quantifying in the world wo n't make them sleep better . Knowing too much about an infant 's status and vitals could put a naturally anxious parent at ease . Or having more information could inflame worries . Instead of sneaking in to make sure a baby is breathing , a father might spend the evening staring uneasily at an app , or compare his kid 's measurements and behaviors to other children and wonder if it 's normal . Parents should read aloud to infants every day , pediatricians say To avoid overwhelming parents , Sproutling is n't handing over raw data about individual children . "  That detailed information in the hands of a parent without any context will actually create fear and anxiety , " said Sproutling CEO Chris Bruce . "  On its own , data really is meaningless to people until they have the means to understand it . " While not ideal , physically attaching a device to a child is currently most efficent way to collect data . Sproutling 's adjustable ankle bracelet is made from a soft fabric  which is machine washable  , and the sensor , which charges wirelessly , is medical-grade silicon . The white charging dish doubles as the environmental sensor , and the mobile app serves up advice and warnings . Parents can pre-order the kit for $ 250 now and it will ship in March 2015 . It 's not the first wearable baby monitor on the market . Mimo makes a $ 200 onesie with a detachable monitor that also tracks heart rate , skin temperature , movement and sleeping positions . Owlet is another baby wearable still in production that straps to the ankle and sends text alerts . The most popular baby names are ... Sproutling sets itself apart by returning insights instead of just data , and by looping in information about the surrounding environment like light and noise levels . It also uses machine learning to give tips , insight and advice based on data collected from a specific child . The team behind Sproutling has a lot of experience with design and integrating data with people 's everyday lives . The company 's early employees come from medical companies , Apple , Google and General Electric . Sproutling received $ 2.5 million in venture capital funding in 2013 . Bruce is confident Sproutling 's baby monitor will stand out when it 's released .  He even tested the product on his kids  . The company already has four more products in the pipeline to cover older kids and the rest of the family . Even so , he knows attaching a device to a baby is n't going to appeal to all parents . "  It 's not for everybody . I think there 's a lot of parents who will never put technology on their kids . " Dad 's brains are ready to bond with kids	The Sproutling baby monitor tracks heart rate , position and body temperature using an ankle bracelet Parents get insights and tips into their child through a mobile app The $ 250 device will be available in 2015
CNN  -- Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich has lost his position at the top of football 's rich list but David Beckham remains the wealthiest player . Abramovich set a trend with his massive cash injection into Premier League Chelsea . Russian billionaire Abramovich has slipped to third place behind Manchester City 's new owner Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan . Sheikh Mansour , a member of the Abu Dhabi royal family , has a fortune of # 15 billion  $ 22.04 B  , according to the Football Rich List , researched and published by FourFourTwo magazine . Abramovich has also been overtaken by Indian industrialist Lakshmi Mittal , who is the joint owner of second-flight English side Queens Park Rangers with Formula One 's Bernie Ecclestone and Flavio Briatore . Abramovich has seen his fortune cut by over # 3 billion to # 7 billion  $ 10.29 B  in the global economic downturn , the magazine estimated . Have wealthy owners benefited English football ? His billions gave Chelsea massive spending power to win two successive Premier League titles under Jose Mourinho and accelerated the trend of foreign ownership in English football . Beckham , currently on loan to AC Milan from Los Angeles Galaxy , has personal assets valued at # 125 million  $ 183.66 million  , well ahead of Michael Owen  # 40 million -- $ 58.77 m  and Wayne Rooney . England head coach Fabio Capello is 73rd on the list , boosted by his own private art collection , with Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson at number 78 . English football had dominated comparable rich lists for several seasons but many financial experts fear the good times may be coming to an end as the global economic crisis bites .	Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich is knocked off the top of football ` rich-list ' Manchester City owner Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan heads new list AC Milan 's on-loan England midfielder David Beckham remains richest player
Amiyrah Martin of Edison , New Jersey , an African-American mom of two , says she and her husband are still trying to figure out how to sit their 8-year-old son down and explain the Trayvon Martin case and its conclusion -- without getting emotional . "  My biggest issue is ... giving him the facts rather than getting upset and giving him how I feel , because I want him to come to his own consensus , " the host of the blog Four Hats and Frugal said in an interview . "  My husband is the same way . He 's very emotional about it ... so he does n't want him to think , ` Well , Dad feels this way so I should . ' He wants him to create his own opinion . " When Martin , who is not related to Trayvon Martin 's family , ultimately has the conversation with her little guy , who always "  likes to know the why , " he 'll no doubt ask about race , she said . "  We 're going to have to tell him that it may have been due to Trayvon 's race , and this is how it happened , and this is how George Zimmerman decided to react to it , " she said . "  It 's going to be very hard to sit him down and have the conversation , but we know we have to do it . " While not everyone agrees that Martin was racially profiled , the case and the protests that followed have led to larger conversations between parents and kids . Some are focusing on race -- Martin was black and Zimmerman identifies as Hispanic , so it 's not just a black and white issue . Still , others are n't even talking about race but are focusing on behavior . But when I set out to interview moms about the verdict , and ask what they are telling their kids , I got two very different responses . African-American moms like Amiyrah Martin were extremely willing and interested to talk about their experiences , while very few moms who were not African-American came forward . Then I saw a post by Liz Gumbinner , a white mom of two and author of the blog Mom-101 , which explained a lot -- that white moms are n't talking about the story , at least not publicly , and they should be . "  I think that non-African-Americans are talking about it privately , but they are nervous to talk about it publicly , and I think this is an ongoing issue in the U.S. , that race is still a topic that people are afraid to discuss unless you 're a person of color and you 're living it every day , " Gumbinner told me . "  It 's easy for my friends of color who are mothers to say , ` That could have been my kid and it feels personal , ' and it 's easier for them to speak out and take action the way I think so many white people did with Sandy Hook , for example -- ` That could have been my kid , ' " she added . "  What 's important is for us to remember is that it could have been any of our kids , skin color aside , and so there are so many layered issues that we have to have these conversations . " Gumbinner says she has n't talked with her girls , ages 6 and 8 , about the Trayvon Martin case , but if her 8-year-old hears about it , she 'll discuss it with her . "  I 'd rather talk about the macro issue with her , about treating people with respect and not judging people based on how they look , than get into the details of a murder case . She is still very young . " One mom 's message to her kids While some parents may approach the topic from the viewpoint that Martin was more likely to be treated differently because he was African-American , other parents are using the case as a behavioral lesson and leaving race aside . Catherine Martines Mortensen , a mom of two in Fairfax , Virginia , watched a lot of the trial with her 15-year-old daughter and 10-year-old son , and discussed the verdict when it was handed down . "  I told my kids both people used really poor judgment , " she said during an interview . "  They had assumptions about the other , even without knowing the situation . Neither one of them should have engaged . They should have left . " "  I told my kids , if they are ever in a situation where they do n't know if someone 's following them or what 's going on , they just need to get home . Do n't linger around , " she said . As they watched the trial , she said her kids were constantly trying to figure out who was right and who was wrong . "  My kids would go back and forth . One would say , ` Well , Trayvon , it was his fault because he started the fight . ' The other one would have said , ` Well , Zimmerman , he should have never gotten out of the car . ' I think it was never clear-cut . " "  A lot of times children 's brains will try to process information in a very black and white way , but in this case , they could n't do that , " she said . Comforting a brother who does n't understand Cindy Rodriguez , editor for Latino audiences at CNN.com , went to pick up her 14-year-old brother for a movie outing Sunday , a day after the verdict was announced . Her brother carried a hoodie over his arm . His father told him not to put it on until they got inside the movie theater . Her brother did n't understand , and told Rodriguez their dad said it 's because of "  that kid that died . " "  He did n't have a gun on him , right ? So why would that other guy shoot him ? " her little brother asked . When she told him about the "  stand your ground " law in Florida , her brother responded that Trayvon Martin was "  so small . " "  Every question that seems so obvious to everyone that 's so shocked by the verdict , I see it in my little brother 's eyes , " she told me . "  He said , ' I just do n't get it . ... Why would they have that law ? ' " Rodriguez said she has steered away from talking about race with her brother , saying she was always raised to believe she is the same as everyone else . But after the Trayvon Martin case , she felt she needed to talk with her brother about it . "  We kind of live in a world where the minority teenager with the hoodie on means trouble , and unfortunately that 's kind of the way things are going now , " she told her brother . She told him he might not encounter racism now because he lives in a predominantly Hispanic community , but that when he leaves his neighborhood in North Bergen , New Jersey , that could change . "  People are going to approach you differently , " she told him , giving a big-sister message she really wishes she 'd never had to give . Conflicted about whether to have the conversation Marie Stroughter , an African-American mother with three children , including a 15-year-old son , said she and her husband are having "  deep " conversations about whether they should talk with their kids about the case and the reactions to the verdict . "  I think our fear is we 've raised them as much as possible in this society to be pretty much colorblind , " the co-creator of the blog African-American Conservatives told me during an interview . "  I mean , they are aware of their own heritage , but our fear is injecting thoughts into them that they do n't necessarily need to have . Do we want them to view people with suspicion that do n't need to be viewed with suspicion ? " Stroughter worries that by telling her children to watch out for discrimination from certain people , they 'll end up doing the very thing she wants them to avoid -- racially profiling others . While she tries to figure out what to do , she says she and her husband will continue to rely on their strong Christian faith . "  The only thing we can think of is to teach them Christian values that are colorblind , " she added . Mom guilt Amiyrah Martin showcased a picture of her son on a post titled "  This is My Boy , " in which she confessed to feeling something else after the Travyon Martin verdict -- mom guilt . "  I do feel a little bit of guilt because I did bring him into this world , him and his sister , and they 're going to have a lot of adversity still to come -- so should I have thought about that before I brought them into this world ? Is it fair that I did that to them ? And that 's been in the back of my mind quite a bit since it happened , " she told me . When Martin ultimately has the talk with her son , I do n't know if she 'll share that she 's feeling some mom guilt . Maybe if we 'd all start talking about race in all of our households -- not just the ones headed by African-Americans -- moms like Martin would n't have anything to feel guilty about . Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and on Google + and like CNN Living on Facebook .	George Zimmerman 's trial has ignited discussions of race , guns and safety Parents have sat their children down to talk about how others perceive them African-American parents have explained that their children might face more scrutiny Non-African-American parents must discuss race with their kids too , a blogger argues
CNN  -- A new study by Pew Research Center finds that , more and more , married mothers are earning more than their husbands -- about 23 % , up from 4 % in 1960 . That 's nearly one in four families . And although men say they support equality , they are struggling with this new reality . Take Mina and Rich . They had been married for five years when Mina was appointed dean of admissions at an elite liberal arts college across the country . The couple decided that Rich , a busy attorney in private practice , would take some time off to stay home with their two children , who were 1 and 3 , until they decided whether the new town , and her new job , would be a long-term fit . The new arrangement worked out well , at least at the start . But a few months into her new job , Mina wondered if Rich was really as happy as he insisted he was . She wondered the same about herself . Although Rich was home all day , he still often expected Mina to cook dinner . Laundry piled up . He had n't made an effort to make friends or form any connections outside the house . "  I began to worry about our marriage for the first time ever , " Mina told me . "  As if I 'd forced some change on him . He 'd become a different person . " Although most men say they support -- even welcome -- the idea of a dual income household and equality in marriage , evidence shows that men whose wives earn more may actually be suffering on a number of levels . And that although the social pressure that once discouraged women from working outside the home has given way , the pressure on husbands to be the primary earner remains . Samantha and Andrei were both struggling artists when they met . But when they decided to start a family , at least one of them needed a full-time job . They decided it would be Samantha , who had sidelined in real estate for a few months after college . Turns out , she was very good at selling houses . Although Samantha 's job afforded Andrei the ability to continue with his art , he seemed to grow more discontent by the week . He began to see a therapist , who suggested that he try antidepressants . "  I kept having to tell myself that not having to go out and sell houses was a good thing , " he told me . "  It sounds horrible , in fact . I was not jealous of her at all . And yet , she was the reason we could afford to pay our mortgage , or go on vacation . She was the one who made life possible for our daughter . And that was hard to accept , even when I could recognize I was thankful I did n't have to make the sacrifices she was making . " Andrei 's feelings are entirely common . In "  Breadwinner Wives and the Men They Marry , " Randi Minetor writes that many unemployed or under-earning men feel wounded by what they see as their diminished status . Their self-esteem can suffer . This can eventually lead to feelings of resentment toward their spouse â $ " sometimes conscious , but often unconscious â $ " even if a guy has purposely opted to stay home , take time off , or willingly embark on a less fruitful career . A recent study of more than 200,000 men conducted by Washington University 's Olin Business School and published in the Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin found that men whose wives are the primary earner are about 10 % more likely to require medication to combat such issues as insomnia , anxiety and erectile dysfunction . Research conducted at Cornell and presented at the annual meeting of the American Sociological Association , meanwhile , found that men who earn significantly less than their female partners are five times more likely to cheat than those in relationships where incomes are more comparable . But the answer , of course , is n't for women to revert to their traditional roles of cooking , cleaning and tending to the children while the man of the house is off bringing home the bacon . As more and more women rise to powerful positions in the workplace , the incidence of female breadwinners will continue to grow . Husbands of these wives who may be experiencing feelings of depression and low self-esteem would be wise to have an honest conversation with their spouse , and themselves , to find out what 's really bothering them . Oftentimes , it may not be the fact that their spouse earns more , but that their spouse may have less time to spend at home , or may be neglecting other areas of the relationship . For those men who are considering following a less career-oriented path , it 's important for the couple to make a decision together . Neither member of the couple should feel as if they were forced into a decision , or "  trapped . " Keeping dialogue open between partners helps reinforce the fact that although the man is not working , or is earning less , he is still an equal partner . In the case of stay-at-home fathers , it 's important for men to counter any issues of isolation and boredom by making sure they maintain friendships and interests outside the house . Eventually , through hours and hours of conversations with Mina and many ups and downs at home , Rich came to not only accept his role as stay-at-home dad , and the lesser earner , but also to enjoy the opportunities it afforded him . He was able to coach their son 's soccer team , and he never missed a ballet recital . Once the kids began school , he reopened his private law practice part-time , taking only those cases that truly interested him . "  I 'd been worried he was becoming a different person , and he did become one , " Mina told me . "  But turns out different was better . At least for us . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Drexler .	A Pew study finds that in one in four families , mothers make more than fathers Peggy Drexler : Men say they support equality , but are struggling with this new reality She says husbands feeling low self-esteem must talk it over with spouse to find real reasons Drexler : It 's important if a man is not working or is earning less , he is still an equal partner
The villagers had congregated at the tent , as they often did at the end of the workday , to sit and chat . Among them were men who sold vegetables or wood . Others mined or traded minerals used to make alloys like stainless steel . They were husbands and fathers , brothers and sons . But unlike villagers who might gather like this in many other parts of the world , these men had strange company at their customary get-together . They were living in North Waziristan , one of Pakistan 's thinly governed tribal areas bordering Afghanistan and a hotbed of militancy . Hanging above them in the evening sky were four remotely piloted aircraft . Drones . Without warning , the aircraft unleashed a volley of missiles that struck the tent , killing eight people . A few minutes later , after other villagers had approached the wreckage to help the victims , the drones fired again , deepening the carnage . By the end , 18 people were dead , including at 14-year-old boy , and 22 others were wounded , including an 8-year-old girl . "  Body parts were scattered everywhere . Bodies without heads and bodies without hands or legs , " said Ahsan , a miner and local resident who had been praying at the time of the first wave of missiles . Malala to Obamas : Drone strikes ` fueling terrorism ' ` Will I Be Next ? ' Ahsan 's account of the attack in the village of Zowi Sidgi in July 2012 , along with those of other witnesses and victims ' relatives , form part of a report released Tuesday by Amnesty International titled " ` Will I Be Next ? ' U.S. Drone Strikes in Pakistan . " The report provides detailed information on nine out of 45 drone strikes it says were carried out by the United States in North Waziristan between January 2012 and September 2013 . In some of the attacks , it says , the victims were n't members of militant groups like al Qaeda or the Taliban , but just ordinary civilians , like the workers in Zowi Sidgi . It recounts another strike , in October 2012 , in which a 68-year-old woman , Mamana Bibi , was blown apart by a drone as she picked vegetables in front of her grandchildren , several of whom were injured in the attack . "  Amnesty International is seriously concerned that these and other strikes have resulted in unlawful killings that may constitute extrajudicial executions or war crimes , " the report said . Mustafa Qadri , Amnesty International 's Pakistan researcher , said that while war crimes have possibly been committed , that can not be confirmed without more information from the U.S. government . Leaders due to meet Made public the day before Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif is due to meet U.S. President Barack Obama in Washington , the report calls for a series of measures to bring the drone program in line with international law . Those include conducting impartial investigations into the cases documented , bringing those responsible for human rights violations to justice and offering compensation to civilian victims ' families . On Tuesday , Sharif was at the United States Institute of Peace in Washington . "  Recently our political parties in a national conference declared the use of drones is not only a continued violation of our territorial integrity but also detrimental to our resolve at efforts in eliminating terrorism from our country , " Sharif said . "  This issue has become a major irritant in our bilateral relationship as well . I therefore would stress the need for an end to the drone attacks . " Sharif has previously called for an end to the U.S. drone program in Pakistan , where it has stirred deep anger , and will raise the issue with Obama on Wednesday , said Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry , a spokesman for the Pakistani Foreign Ministry . "  The government of Pakistan believes drone strikes are against international law and the sovereignty of Pakistan , " Chaudhry told CNN . "  Drone strikes are counterproductive to fighting terrorism . " Pakistan wants to persuade the United States to stop using drones , he said . "  International opinion is against drone strikes , not just here in Pakistan , but in the world , " Chaudhry said . "  This opinion is strengthening . " Adding to the pressure , Human Rights Watch also released a report on U.S. drone attacks Tuesday -- this one focusing on Yemen . Letta Taylor , a senior counterterrorism researcher for Human Rights Watch , said the group found at least two clear cases of violations of international laws of war , but those did not reach war crimes status . The group said four of the six attacks it had investigated "  may have violated the laws of war . " Sources : Drone strikes in Yemen kill 6 , including senior AQAP leaders Lack of U.S. disclosure Based on extensive field research , the reports underlined the difficulties of gathering information on attacks in dangerous areas of Pakistan and Yemen . "  We found that despite assurances from President Obama that  the U.S. government is  doing its utmost to protect civilians from harm , that in fact in many cases it is killing innocent civilians , even dozens of them , if not more , " Taylor said . And both reports noted the U.S. government 's unwillingness to talk about the cases . The lack of information from U.S. authorities , Amnesty said , makes it impossible "  to reach firm conclusions about the context in which the U.S. drone attacks on Mamana Bibi and on the 18 laborers took place , and therefore their status under international law . " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney rejected the idea that the United States has violated any laws . "  To the extent these reports claim that the U.S. has acted contrary to international law we would strongly disagree , " he said at a press briefing Tuesday . "  The administration has repeatedly emphasized the extraordinary care that we take to make sure that counterterrorism actions are in accordance with all applicable law . " The U.S. government has said strikes by the unmanned aircraft are a necessary part of the fight against militant groups . In May , Obama defended the drone program and disclosed the guidelines determining its use . He said drones would be deployed only when there is an imminent threat , no hope of capturing the targeted terrorist , "  near certainty " that civilians would n't be harmed and "  no other governments capable of effectively addressing the threat . " Civilian victims in Yemen But Human Rights Watch said the evidence it had gathered "  strongly suggests " that the strikes in Yemen it documented "  did not adhere " to the policies set out by Obama . The group said the attacks its report covers took place between 2009 and 2013 , killing 82 people , at least 57 of them civilians . The strikes ostensibly targeted suspected members of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  , but victims included women , children , truck drivers and other civilians , the report said . "  At least four of the strikes were carried out by drones , a fifth strike by either drones or warplanes , and a sixth one by cruise missiles releasing cluster munitions , indiscriminate weapons that pose unacceptable dangers to civilians , " it said . The report also questioned the military validity of several of the suspected al Qaeda operatives targeted . Fear and polarization Both reports describe the climate of fear created by the drones in Pakistan and Yemen , and the polarizing effect the attacks are having on local populations . "  The ultimate tragedy is that the drone aircraft the USA deploys over Pakistan now instill the same kind of fear in the people of the Tribal Areas that was once associated only with al Qaeda and the Taliban , " said the Amnesty report . "  Like other forces operating in the Tribal Areas , the USA appears to be exploiting the lawless and remote nature of the region to evade accountability for its violations , " it said . Human Rights Watch described a similar situation in Yemen . "  We Yemenis are the ones who pay the price of the ` war on terror , ' " Faisal bin Ali Jaber , a relative of a cleric and a police officer who were both killed in a drone attack in August 2012 , was quoted as saying in the report . "  We are caught between a drone on one side and al Qaeda on the other . " The report warned that "  should the United States continue targeted killings in Yemen without addressing the consequences of killing civilians and taking responsibility for unlawful deaths , it risks further angering many Yemenis and handing another recruiting card to AQAP . " ' A dangerous precedent ' The reports set out a list of recommendations , primarily for the U.S. government , but also for authorities in Pakistan and Yemen . More broadly , Amnesty warned that the American government may be setting a troubling standard in its use of drones that other countries could follow . "  U.S. policy and practice on targeted killings and drones are not only of concern in their own right : they also set a dangerous precedent that other states may seek to exploit to avoid responsibility for their own unlawful killings , " the report said . In Yemen , images of the charred , shattered remains of the cleric and policemen killed in August 2012 have circulated in the village where the attack took place , the Human Rights Watch report says . "  Now when villagers see these images , " Jaber , the relative , was quoted as saying , "  they think of America . "	White House denies any laws were violated Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch release highly critical reports They detail multiple U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan and Yemen Amnesty International suggests that some of the attacks may constitute war crimes
CNN  -- A word of warning : You might notice a few more unshaved upper lips proudly displayed by men in the next few weeks . Do n't worry , it 's not males the world over being lazy . They 're actually growing that Fu Manchu for a good cause . During Movember  the month formerly known as November  , men around the globe grow mustaches  hence the name  while raising money for men 's health issues . Movember started in Australia in 2003 . It has spread from down under to South Africa and Europe , and five years ago it reached American shores . This will be the fifth year Sydney native Neil Van Helden has participated in the global charity event . Van Helden came to the United States two years ago for work and said he is just like any other guy . Submit your Movember photos to iReport ! His reasons for joining the Movember movement are simple : "  I had family members deal with prostate cancer and friends with depression issues . ... There 's not a whole lot out there in terms of support for men with charities . It 's not talked about that much . " He said men in general are n't good at committing to regular health screenings . "  We 're pretty terrible at it . " But before you sign up and start growing a ` mo all willy-nilly , there are rules for this sort of thing , as laid out by the nonprofit group . First and foremost , the registered participant must start November 1 clean-shaven . Second , you need to maintain your mustache : Grooming is key . There are also rules pertaining to gentlemanly behavior , as well as rules preventing the mustache from touching one 's sideburns  as this is a beard  or joining the mustache 's handlebars to your chin  as this is a goatee  . The goal is to get your friends to donate money to your Movember cause , which is then donated to the Prostate Cancer Foundation , LiveStrong and other men 's health research and awareness programs . So far Americans have raised $ 7.5 million for Movember . Worldwide , participants have raised $ 174 million , which , according to Movember , makes the group the largest nongovernment funder of prostate cancer research in the world . According to the American Cancer Society , one in every six men will get prostate cancer during his lifetime , and one in every 36 will die from the disease . Behind lung cancer , prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in men . Van Helden got some interesting looks when he started growing his stateside ` stache . "  It 's a lot bigger thing in Australia . Every second guy has a mustache . Everyone applauds it , " he said . With a chuckle , he added : "  Back home , the ladies like it when you have a mustache growing in Movember . Here , not so much . " First-time mustache grower Michael Erickson is excited about his friends ' reaction to his new facial hair . He has never grown a mustache and was prompted to join Movember by some Twitter buddies . The "  marriage of social media and Movember is perfect , " said Erickson , who is actively involved in social media in his job as director of marketing for a popular restaurant group in Atlanta . For Erickson , Movember kills two birds with one stone . "  I wanted to help bring attention to men 's health issues , which is something , I believe , that does n't get the attention it deserves . Plus , I always wanted to try to grow a mustache . " Like most men , he recognizes that he does n't go for health screenings as often as he should . "  That 's another reason I 'm doing this : to make a commitment to myself to take better care of my own health . " At the end of the month , parties are held around the globe to celebrate those "  who sacrificed their upper lip for the month . " Men dress up as famous mustache-sporting characters , such as the Village People . Van Helden went as Sherlock Holmes last year -- complete with tweed and his pants tucked into his socks . He likes that "  everyone  there  has something in common . You 're all there for a good cause . " ` Stache soirees have grown in popularity , prompting the fifth annual "  Stache Bash , " put on by the American Mustache Institute . This year the bash will be held in Chicago , which was deemed to be America 's most mustache-friendly city . The event also benefits LiveStrong and the Prostate Cancer Foundation . The facial hair advocacy group has been around since 1965 and touts itself as "  committed to battling a demonstrated discriminatory culture against people of mustached American heritage " by "  promoting the growth , care and culture of the lower nose forest . " All jokes aside , the American Mustache Institute and Movember hope to raise awareness about an often less thought about issue , men 's health . So , if you happen to see more mustaches in November , do n't give that person a funny look . Instead , think about donating to their hairy cause or at least be inspired to get a health screening .	During November men grow mustaches to raise money for men 's health issues Movember , a nonprofit group , lays out specific rules on how to maintain your mustache Chicago , America 's most mustache-friendly city , will hold the 5th annual ` Stache Bash
CNN  -- President Barack Obama is poised to make his case to the country on the next steps for tackling the threat posed by ISIS . Certainly , ISIS ' advances this summer -- including the seizure of territories in Iraq and Syria , declaration of a new "  caliphate , " and its killings of thousands in Iraq and Syria , including two American journalists -- have been a wake-up call . What should the President keep in mind as he prepares to deliver his speech Wednesday ? Here are five key questions he should answer in his speech and as he follows up in the coming weeks : What metrics will the United States use to gauge the success of airstrikes in Iraq and possible additional strikes in Syria ? Since early August , the United States has conducted targeted airstrikes inside Iraqi territory -- all with the aims of deterring further advances by ISIS , protecting U.S. personnel in Iraq , preventing instances of genocide and preventing ISIS ' control of key assets , including dams . In recent days , the United States has widened the geographic areas where it has conducted strikes in Iraq . With some steps forward on forming a new Iraqi government in Baghdad , the United States may be positioned to conduct even more strikes inside Iraq , because the Obama administration has made the formation of a more inclusive government a condition for additional security assistance . Furthermore , the Obama administration is reportedly contemplating strikes inside Syrian territory -- where al Qaeda affiliate Nusra Front , as well as ISIS , poses a threat to regional stability . At some point soon , the United States needs to develop a clearly defined set of objectives linked to the ongoing and possible additional airstrikes to allow it to measure the impact of its strikes . How will President Obama manage the international and regional coalitions he seeks to build against ISIS ? During the past week , the Obama administration has talked a lot about the need to build a broad international and regional coalition against ISIS . It took some steps at the NATO summit . Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel went to Turkey this week to talk next steps , and Secretary of State John Kerry is in the Middle East trying to build a regional coalition . These ministerial-level meetings are important to set a framework , but if the Obama administration is serious about building a coalition , it will need multiple levels of coordination and engagement with partners beneath the level of the secretaries of state and defense . It needs to be an intense , ongoing effort . As we 've seen in places like Libya recently , coalitions wrought with major internal divisions tend to fall apart -- with sometimes disastrous results -- as outlined in a recent report . There is n't just a Shia-Sunni divide between Iran and Saudi Arabia , but also a new Arab Cold War between leading Sunni states in the region . What are the contingency plans if Iraq does not make additional progress in forming an inclusive , cross-sectarian response to ISIS ? Iraq 's leaders took an important step this week in forming a more inclusive government , but this government still lacks leaders for two key security ministries : defense and interior . And even if the government formation process is completed soon , it may be unclear for years whether the government in Baghdad will rule inclusively and accommodate the interests of the country 's Sunni minority and the Kurds , who have increased their autonomy in recent months . U.S. policy is wisely conditioned on trying to use the leverage of U.S. assistance to Iraq as an incentive to bring Iraq 's diverse political factions together , but there is always the possibility that this might come apart . Incidents like the massacre of Sunnis last month by Shia militias could happen at any moment , and the question for U.S. policymakers is what the fallback plan should be if Iraq 's leaders do not bring together a cohesive government . What is the new plan for supporting Syria 's third way opposition forces to counter ISIS and the al-Assad regime ? It looks like President Obama is poised to redouble U.S. efforts to support Syrian opposition forces fighting ISIS , the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , as well as the al Qaeda affiliate Nusra Front . Obama proposed an additional $ 500 million of assistance in June , and any strategy to deal with ISIS in Syria is going to need some forces on the ground willing to work as part of an expanded campaign there . The key question the administration will need to answer is whether it has learned from the past few years of failed efforts to strengthen the Syrian opposition ; multiple actors in the region have offered many forms of assistance to different factions of the Syrian opposition , and yet it is today weak and beleaguered . Additional money and weapons might help , but could also be squandered without a broader coordination strategy . How can the international and regional coalition more effectively address the massive humanitarian crisis in Syria , Iraq and neighboring countries ? An estimated 3 million Syrians are now refugees in neighboring countries , and an additional 6.5 million are displaced inside Syria . Inside of Iraq , millions have been displaced by the multiple waves of conflict inside the country , including the most recent conflict in northern Iraq with ISIS . Additional military actions by actors in the region and possible expanded U.S. strikes would have an impact on this already disastrous humanitarian situation . President Obama appears ready to engage in a more expansive strategy to deal with the problem posed by ISIS , and his speech will try to outline the multifaceted nature of his approach . But as we have learned from other speeches by President Obama , the key test will come in how well his administration actually follows up on the implementation of its stated policy . Obama meets with congressional leaders on ISIS strategy CNN poll finds majority of Americans alarmed by ISIS	President Barack Obama is set to outline his strategy to counter ISIS on Wednesday Obama should outline how exactly he will gauge success , say Brian Katulis Building lasting coalitions will be essential , Katulis writes Katulis : Administration should make clear what support it will offer forces opposing ISIS
CNN  -- A niece of fashion designer Ralph Lauren appeared Tuesday at an Irish court hearing on charges that included air rage related to an incident on Monday , CNN affiliate TV3 reported . A judge was considering a bail application for Jennifer Lauren , 41 , the Irish commercial broadcaster reported . Lauren spent Monday night at the Shannon Garda Station and appeared Tuesday at the hearing , which was held in a pub , state broadcaster RTE reported . Local media reported that the unlikely location was because there was no dedicated courthouse in the area . The incident occurred aboard a Barcelona-to-New York flight that was diverted to Shannon Airport . Lauren is charged with engaging in threatening , abusive or insulting behavior intended to disrupt the peace or being reckless as to whether a breach of the peace might have been caused , RTE said . She is also charged with being intoxicated "  to such an extent as would give rise to a reasonable apprehension that you might endanger yourself or other persons on board on the same date on the same flight , " RTE said . And she is further charged with engaging in behavior likely to cause serious offense or annoyance to anyone aboard the plane after having been asked by a flight member to stop acting that way , it said . The incident led the captain of the Delta Air Lines Flight 477 , with 216 passengers , to land at Shannon , where Lauren was arrested . A Delta spokesman said the diversion was due to "  an unruly customer . " The plane resumed its flight to John F. Kennedy International Airport more than two hours later . A lawyer for Lauren , Sharon Curley , did not immediately return a call or e-mail seeking comment . But she told Killaloe District Court that her client would plead guilty to the charges , RTE said . At Tuesday 's district court hearing in the Brian Boru pub in the adjoining Lough Derg town of Ballina , Judge Patrick Durcan said that Lauren 's case would be heard Wednesday in Ennis and that he would weigh the disruption to the airline and passengers , RTE added . Lauren was expected to pay bail of 2,500 euros Tuesday . Lauren runs a business in the United States called Jenny Lauren Jewelry . Her 2004 memoir , "  Homesick : A Memoir of Family , Food and Finding Hope , " describes her effort to overcome an eating disorder and related health problems during her teens and 20s .	Charges include engaging in threatening , abusive or disruptive behavior The hearing is held in a pub because there is no dedicated courthouse in the area Delta cites "  an unruly customer " for the diversion The flight was delayed more than two hours
CNN  -- Looking for love is a big business in India , where the art of matchmaking is being transformed with a click of a mouse . One of the biggest online industries in India has been the business of arranging marriages . Sites like Shaadi.com , Jeevansathi and BharatMatrimony have had considerable success in recent years . Gaurav Mishra , director of digital and social media at MSL Group Asia , a communications company , estimated that some 10 % of India 's internet users have used a matrimonial website . He said : "  Online matrimonial sites were one of the earliest ways the internet took off in India after e-mail and job sites . Several of the sites have a couple of million users each . " India 's online matrimonial industry is expected to bring in $ 63 million a year , according to a 2008 report by the market research firm Em Power . With internet use expected to boom in India in coming years -- internet penetration is currently only around 5 % , according to Mishra , but he said the arrival of 3G services means that many of the country 's 600 million mobile phone users will soon be online -- entrepreneurs are seeking new ways to tap the online matchmaking market . One start-up , Ignighter , set up by three 20-something New Yorkers , is hoping to persuade India that the future of online matchmaking is in group dating . Online dating has n't really taken off in India , mainly because most marriages are arranged and there is little tradition of dating , according to Anupam Saxena , a correspondent for Medianama , which provides news and analysis on India 's digital landscape . Mishra added : "  India is a conservative and traditional society , where people stay with their parents until they 're married and there 's not much room for personal lives . Women in particular find it difficult to openly date . " The founders of Ignighter hope that Indians will find group dating -- whereby groups of friends arrange to meet other groups -- less risky and more fun and socially acceptable than one-on-one dating . Their move into India was almost accidental . Ignighter was set up by Adam Sachs and his college friends in 2008 . The site was aimed at the New York market , but they began to notice most of their traffic was coming from the other side of the world in Asia . Sachs said : "  At first we ignored it , but over the course of 2010 , India emerged as our number one market . We started concentrating on marketing in India and it really took off . " Sachs said backers in the United States and India have invested $ 3 million in Ignighter , and that the site now has almost 2 million registered users in India . However , he refused to say how many of these users pay the $ 44.95 monthly fee required to contact other users . "  Up until now dating has been a rarity in India , but culture is changing and our timing just happens to be right , " said Sachs . "  People are telling us they will go out with a group of friends and meet other friends while they are out . Women are saying that going out in a group makes them feel safer . " He added that Ignighter is considering dropping the word dating from the site to make it more socially acceptable . "  One challenge we face is that we call ourselves group dating , " said Sachs . "  There 's a stigma or taboo about the concept of dating that makes people cautious . " Mishra agreed that going out in groups was more socially acceptable in India than one-on-one dating , but still doubted many women would be willing to post profiles online . He said : "  I think group dating is a good idea because it 's a safer way of dating for Asian markets . However , I do n't see it working in India because I ca n't imagine Indian women doing it in any numbers . " He said that most profiles on matrimonial sites are created by fathers and brothers , rather than women themselves , and that 80 % of Indian internet users are male . "  If women did go to online dating sites , they would be mobbed so many men they would n't go back , " said Mishra . Sachs said 40 % of Ignighter 's registered users in India are women . Mishra added that social networking sites such as Facebook and Orkut , a site owned by Google , can be used for "  pseudo-dating . " Both Facebook and Orkut have 20 million users in India , he said . "  People sometimes use Facebook and Orkut as pseudo-dating sites to browse friends of friends and reach out to them , but mostly they do n't make friends with complete strangers . " Saxena added that Indians would be reluctant to pay for a group dating site when they can use Facebook for free . He said : "  First of all , credit card penetration is low , especially among the age group for dating sites . Secondly , Indians will be hesitant to pay for something they can get for free on Facebook . " Sachs is n't deterred . He 's currently in India recruiting staff for an Indian office , which will carry out focus groups to better tailor Ignighter to an Indian market . "  We need to improve the site itself and find out what needs to change for our demographic , " he said .	Online matrimonial sites are forecast to generate an estimated $ 63 million a year India has little tradition of dating and online dating sites have not taken off Ignighter hopes Indians will find group dating safer and more fun
PopSci.com  -- By next fall , NASA plans to launch its biggest Red Planet rover yet , the $ 1.8-billion , SUV-size Mars Research Laboratory . Even though the MRL will be able to haul five times as much equipment as the Spirit and Opportunity rovers that are already on Mars , a group of Swedish researchers say that they could accomplish far more if accompanied by a squad of helper ` bots . Round robotic sidekicks help NASA rovers scout Martian territory in this illustration . Fredrik Bruhn , the CEO of Ångström Aerospace Corporation , and his colleagues have designed the small inflatable scouts to assist bigger , less mobile rovers in their hunt for signs of microbial life on Mars . Each foot-wide , 11-pound ball can roll up to 62 miles , snap photos at any angle , and take soil samples , drawing its power from the solar panels on its shell . Unlike wheeled rovers , the rounded scouts have fewer motors to repair , never flip over , and are easier to seal from dust . Plus , they rarely get stuck . "  The beauty of the system is it needs very little energy to go around rocks , so unless you 're landing on a surface that looks like a bed of nails , it should be fine , " Bruhn says . In 2004 , Bruhn helped found Swedish company Rotundus , whose Earth-based GroundBot is now test-patrolling a harbor in Stockholm . By using GroundBot 's pendulum-propulsion mechanism , swapping in a radiation-proof computer , and designing a lightweight , inflatable shell , he thinks he could produce four of the Mars balls for as little as $ 6 million . "  We just need to assemble the bits and pieces and test it , " says Bruhn , who shows his design to NASA officials this month . More about rolling around the Red Planet INFLATION : The deflated scouts are stored in boxes aboard the Mars Research Laboratory . After landing , a latch opens the box , and a spring inside gently rolls them onto the Martian surface . This motion triggers a canister of xenon gas inside the ball to release and inflate the scouts before they hit the ground . EXPLORATION : Each ball runs on two solar-powered motors . One motor swings a pendulum to move the ball 's center of mass , building forward - or backward-moving momentum . To turn , a second motor tilts the pendulum along the main axle -- "  the same physics used to fly a helicopter , " Bruhn says . The robot can automatically decrease its internal pressure to more easily roll over soft surfaces and patches of sand . COMMUNICATION : The autonomous scouts would collect data on the conductivity and age of the Martian terrain , take photos , and send information back to the MRL and ground control . The MRL serves as the scouts ' communication hub , receiving and transmitting messages from each ball . Copyright © 2009 Popular Science	Smaller , round robots could help the next rover mission to Mars Each ball runs on two solar-powered motors Some of the advantages include not flipping over and fewer motors to repair
Rolling Stone  One summer a few years ago , Frances Bean Cobain worked as an intern in the New York offices of Rolling Stone . Frances -- the daughter of Nirvana singer-guitarist Kurt Cobain and an executive producer of the new HBO documentary on his life , "  Kurt Cobain : Montage of Heck " -- was "  a 15-year-old Goth kid , so stoked , " she recalls with a laugh during a recent interview for the cover story in our new issue . She remembers providing research assistance on a cover about the Jonas Brothers -- and working in a cubicle across from a wall with a giant painting of Kurt . "  Yeah , " Frances says with a grin and mock-exasperation , "  looking at my dad every day . "  Preview the cover story and listen to a previously unheard Cobain song here . That is one of many stories and revelations that come out over almost three hours late one afternoon in early March , as Frances , now 22 and a visual artist , speaks publicly for the first time about her father ; life after his death ; her complex relationship with her mother , Courtney Love ; and the new film , written , directed and produced by Brett Morgen . "  Kurt got to the point where he eventually had to sacrifice every bit of who he was to his art , because the world demanded it of him , " Frances says bluntly at one point . "  I think that was one of the main triggers as to why he felt he did n't want to be here and everyone would be happier without him . " Rolling Stone : Listen to a previously unheard Kurt Cobain song But "  in reality , if he had lived , " she goes on , "  I would have had a dad . And that would have been an incredible experience . " What follows are additional excerpts from a remarkable -- and moving -- conversation . How would you describe "  Montage of Heck " ? It 's emotional journalism . It 's the closest thing to having Kurt tell his own story in his own words -- by his own aesthetic , his own perception of the world . It paints a portrait of a man attempting to cope with being a human . When Brett and I first met , I was very specific about what I wanted to see , how I wanted Kurt to be represented . I told him , "  I do n't want the mythology of Kurt or the romanticism . " Even though Kurt died in the most horrific way possible , there is this mythology and romanticism that surrounds him , because he 's 27 forever . The shelf life of an artist or musician is n't particularly long . Kurt has gotten to icon status because he will never age . He will always be that relevant in that time and always be beautiful . Rolling Stone : 17 Young Innovators Shaking Up the Music Industry There is , with any great artist , a little manic-ness and insanity . "  Tropic of Cancer " is one of my favorite books . And -LSB- author -RSB- Henry Miller had this work ethic , where he would get out of bed every day and force himself to write five pages . It taught me that if you do the work , you progress . So many people are content to settle . My dad was exceptionally ambitious . But he had a lot thrown on him , exceeding his ambition . He wanted his band to be successful . But he did n't want to be the f ------ voice of a generation . Do you remember the first time you heard a Nirvana record -- and knowing that was your father ? I 've talked to Sean Lennon about this . He had a few more years with his dad that you did . But for him , the records were a road into understanding his father after he was gone . I do n't really like Nirvana that much -LSB- grins -RSB- . Sorry , promotional people , Universal . I 'm more into Mercury Rev , Oasis , Brian Jonestown Massacre -LSB- laughs -RSB- . The grunge scene is not what I 'm interested in . But "  Territorial Pissings " -LSB- on Nevermind -RSB- is a f ------ great song . And "  Dumb " -LSB- on In Utero -RSB- -- I cry every time I hear that song . It 's a stripped-down version of Kurt 's perception of himself -- of himself on drugs , off drugs , feeling inadequate to be titled the voice of a generation . Rolling Stone : Elton John , Michael Stipe defend transgender prisoners ' rights The irony is that he wrote it before Nirvana made Nevermind . I know . It was projection , to something . There 's no way anyone can wrap their minds around that . Did you feel awkward as a teenager , not being that interested in the music Kurt made ? No . I would have felt more awkward if I 'd been a fan . I was around 15 when I realized he was inescapable . Even if I was in a car and had the radio on , there 's my dad . He 's larger than life , and our culture is obsessed with dead musicians . We love to put them on a pedestal . If Kurt had just been another guy who abandoned his family in the most awful way possible ... But he was n't . He inspired people to put him on a pedestal , to become St. Kurt . He became even bigger after he died than he was when he was alive . You do n't think it could have gotten any bigger . But it did . After the first screening I attended , there was a guy who said "  Montage of Heck " was a very interesting film about people he did n't like . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- That 's a pretty good description . Rolling Stone : A guide to Cobain 's cinematic legacy I found it interesting that the way Morgen told Kurt 's story did n't evoke any sympathy for that viewer -- that Kurt 's art did not resonate with him . All he saw was a personalty he did n't like . That is an interesting perspective . For me , the film provided a lot more factual information about my father -- not just tall tales that were misconstrued , misremembered , rehashed , retold 10 different ways . It was factual evidence of who my father was as a child , as a teenager , as a man , as a husband , as an artist . It explored every single aspect of who he was as a human being . What was it like hearing his voice ? I 've been hearing his voice forever , through his music . I was thinking more of his speaking voice . His speaking voice is sort of similar to mine . It 's sort of a monotone . The depth to it is similar to the way I speak . I do n't know what the f -- that is . I was n't even talking when he was around . Do n't mistake the power of genes . It 's very weird how genes are . Dave -LSB- Grohl -RSB- , Krist -LSB- Novoselic -RSB- and Pat -LSB- Smear -RSB- came over to a house where I was living . It was the first time -LSB- the ex-Nirvana members -RSB- had been together in a long time . And they had what I call the "  K. C. Jeebies , " which is when they see me , they see Kurt . They look at me , and you can see they 're looking at a ghost . They were all getting the K. C. Jeebies hardcore . Dave said , "  She is so much like Kurt . " They were all talking amongst themselves , rehashing old stories I 'd heard a million times . I was sitting in a chair , chain-smoking , looking down like this -LSB- affects total boredom -RSB- . And they went , "  You are doing exactly what your father would have done . " But I was glad they came over -LSB- smiles -RSB- . It was a cool experience , like having a Nirvana reunion minus one . Except for his spawn . What do you want to do next , now that this film is coming out ? In being one of the executive producers , you 're stepping into the public at almost the same age your father was when he made Nirvana 's first album . The timing is ... I like to think of it as poetic . Coincidental , yeah . Oddly enough , being 22 , it 's the first year a fire has been lit under my ass -- not because of the documentary , just personally . I have this motivation and ambition that I did n't have before : "  I want to go paint this painting . " The hardest part of doing anything creatively is just getting up and doing . Once I get out of bed and get into my art room , I start painting . I 'm there . And I 'm doing it . Copyright © 2015 Rolling Stone .	Frances Bean Cobain , daughter of the late Kurt Cobain , spoke to Rolling Stone about a new film on the Nirvana frontman 22-year-old Cobain is an executive producer of the documentary "  Montage of Heck " She describes growing up with the legacy of her father looming large
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Madonna 's planned adoption of a Malawian girl will apparently go forward , despite earlier opposition from the girl 's family , a reporter for the ITN television network told CNN Sunday . The pop star arrived in Malawi on Sunday . Madonna holds her adopted Malawian son , David Banda , in 2007 . "  The family , I 'm told , were admittedly reluctant to agree to this , but they 've softened after learning more about this , the upbringing that Mercy will be given and they think perhaps it is in her best interest , " ITN reporter Martin Geisler told CNN . The girl , who is about 4 , is named Mercy James . Her uncle is scheduled to sign adoption agreement papers in a Malawian court on Monday , Geisler said . Geisler said Malawians ' public opinion toward Madonna softened after she was interviewed by the Malawi Nation newspaper and released family photographs showing a happy David Banda -- a Malawian boy she adopted more than two years ago . "  The sense , I 'm told , in Malawi after that , was , ` Well , the little boy looks well , he looks happy , he looks well looked after . Perhaps we should n't be so hard on her , ' " said Geisler . A British children 's charity earlier asked the pop star to reconsider her reported plans to adopt a girl from the country . Save the Children spokesman Dominic Nutt said the child would be better off staying in Malawi than being raised by the recently divorced singer , who has three other children , including the adopted Malawian boy . "  The best place for a child is in his or her family in their home community , " he said . "  Most children in orphanages have one parent still living , or have an extended family that can care for them in the absence of their parents . " Critics of the singer had argued she should donate money to orphanages in Malawi , rather than adopt another child . The charity argued that foreign adoptions should happen only if a child does not have any relatives , and all other options have been considered . The 50-year-old performer is a big supporter of Malawi . She made a documentary , "  I Am Because We Are , " which highlighted poverty and AIDS and other diseases devastating Malawi 's children . She also helps run a nonprofit group , Raising Malawi , which implements initiatives to help the needy in the southeastern Africa nation . On Sunday , Madonna toured the village of Chinkhota , assessing plans to build a school there and other possible Raising Malawi investments . CNN 's Nesta Distin contributed to this report .	The superstar arrived in Malawi on Sunday She reportedly wants to adopt a young girl named Mercy James The child 's family has reportedly consented to the adoption Save the Children spokesman says Madonna should reconsider the move
CNN  -- Philip McClary was grilling out at his home in suburban St. Louis , Missouri , on Sunday night when he heard hometown brewer Anheuser-Busch would be bought by the Belgian company InBev . "  I was actually drinking a Bud Light when I heard , and I could n't even finish it . That 's the honest-to-God truth , " he said Monday . "  I was proud to drink Budweiser , not any more , " said P.J. Champion , a student at the University of Mississippi who said the brew is "  a great piece of American history . " McClary put Champion 's thoughts to music , posting his song "  Kiss Our Glass " on YouTube and on a Web site that tried to stop the sale , SaveBudweiser.com . Watch McClary sing ` Kiss our Glass ' " "  America is not for sale , and neither is her beer , " McClary sings . "  All you hard-working Americans stand up and show some class , " the song continues , "  Have a drink with Mother Freedom , and tell InBev to kiss your glass . " Such outrage is to be expected , says Matt Simpson , who bills himself as The Beer Sommelier and teaches Beer Education 101 at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia . But he said the protests will soon fade . "  Unless it affects -LSB- Americans -RSB- in the product or the pocketbook , they 're likely to forget about it , " Simpson says . And he does n't think InBev will change its iconic product . "  You do n't mess with a good thing , " he says . "  It really is n't about nationalism , it 's about money . " Even McClary agrees . "  I think there will be somewhat of a backlash ; I would anticipate initially that people will be furious and stop drinking it . Maybe after six months , though , they 'll switch back . " Simpson says that if American beer drinkers turn away from Budweiser and other Anheuser-Busch brands , it will be because they are turning to microbrews . "  They are heading the pack in popularity and business success these days , " he says of the small breweries . "  Today , taste is king . You really do n't get from the macro beer producers . " See other American icons owned by foreign companies " But he does n't expect Budweiser to go away , either . "  There 's nothing inherently wrong with the taste of Budweiser . It 's a light American lager . There will always be some sort of market for that , " he says . For McClary , taste was never an issue . "  I 've drank tons of different beers , different brands ; but Bud Light has always been the one to me that was the easiest to go down and had the smoothest taste . " But he says he 's quaffed his last Bud Light , and the issue is larger than beer . "  We 've kind of lost a part of our history here and all across the United States , " he said . InBev says it wo n't be changing Budweiser or Bud Light , which it says are the best-selling beers in the world . "  Budweiser will be brewed in the same breweries ... by the same people , according to the same recipe , " said Carlos Brito , InBev 's chief executive officer . But iReporter Adam Williams , who lives across the street from Anheuser-Busch 's St. Louis brewery , does n't share that feeling of a continued tradition . Things will change , Williams says , right down to the company 's mascot Dalmatians that have been a constant commotion in the neighborhood . "  I will miss the nuisance that ... the Budweiser Dalmatians have meant around our neighborhood , " he writes . "  They may still exist over there for some time to come , but their kingdom 's significance has severely diminished . "  What is the mascot of InBev , anyway ? " CNN 's David Williams contributed to this report .	Songwriter could n't finish his Bud Light when he heard the news College student says he felt proud to drink Bud Outrage over Bud sale will soon fade , beer expert predicts Americans increasingly turning to microbrews , expert says
CNN  -- Despite most of the team being of short stature and playing barefoot , the Triqui Indian boys from Mexico won the championship -- and the hearts of many -- at the International Festival of Mini-Basketball held in Argentina . Their coach , Sergio Zuniga explains that playing barefoot is a reflection of the poverty in their community in the state of Oaxaca . "  The boys train barefoot , they always walk barefoot . There are no resources to buy shoes , " Zuniga commented in an interview with the Basketball Federation of the Province of Cordoba , where the tournament was held . The seven games against six local teams ended with incredible scores : 86-3 over Celestes ; 22-6 against Cordoba University ; 72-16 against Central ; 82-18 over Hindu ; 44-12 against Monteeis and 40-16 over Regatas de Mendoza . The National Sports and Physical Culture Commission of Mexico named the team as the "  Barefoot Giants of the Mountains . " Blog : New era for women 's basketball in the U.S. ? 54 teams from various Argentine provinces and countries such as Mexico , Bolivia , Brazil , Chile , Ecuador , Uruguay and Venezuela , participated in the tournament . A total of 8,000 kids were part of the championship held from October 11th to 14th . Last year , the youth championship  which started in 2010 in Ecuador  was held in La Vega , Dominican Republic . About 400 kids participated in the event . Mexico , Guatemala , Ecuador and delegations from 20 Dominican provinces were part of the championship . Education first The Triqui children-training program began its operations in 2009 with 500 kids . Nowadays , it trains around 2,500 children with focuses on : psychology , leadership and "  laughter therapy , " according to coach Zuniga . "  The main idea was to help these children through sports , to give them a different opportunity : go to school , play basketball , to get away from the mountains , to see other parts of the world , " he said . The most important factor that determines who participates in the tournament  or who gets to be in the team  is to have good grades . "  If they do n't have a 8.5 grade -- out of 10 --  in elementary school ,  they do n't train or play . " "  With education as the motivator , the kids are going back to school , which is the project 's main goal : give these kids an education through basketball . Away from the sports , the most important results are those reached at school . " According to Zuniga , the academy 's success inspired other Mexican states to adopt the Triqui community model . Similarly other countries such as Peru , Bolivia and some Hispanic communities in the United States have expressed interest in the program . Winning attitude The Triqui kids were inspired after the Mexican team reigned at the 2013 FIBA Americas Championship held in Caracas , Venezuela in September . "  We can also do it . If they did it , we can also win , we can qualify and be world champions , " said Rigoberto Lopez , 11 , a member of the Triqui kids team , to CNN en Espanol before traveling to Argentina . Silverio Cruz , 9 , another member of the Triqui basketball team , said the most important element in the game is to have the "  mentality of a champion . " Before leaving Argentina , the kids also defeated the Gorriones de Argentina 3-1 in a soccer match . The team 's next goal is to participate in the 2014 Barcelona Cup Basketball Tournament . In the meantime , they will keep working hard and will continue their journey to achieve their goals . "  It 's beautiful to see that all their cons became their weapons . Hunger , poverty , motivated them to show themselves as they are . It 's something we lack in Mexico : character , strength , inner strength . They are setting an example , even to me , that yes , you can do it , " said Zuniga .	Triqui Indian boys from Mexico win basketball tournament playing barefoot The team playing without shoes reflects the poverty in the state of Oaxaca The boys have been heralded as the "  Barefoot Giants of the Mountains " Tournament in Argentina featured teams from all over Central and South America
Patty Andrews , the last surviving member of the Andrews Sisters , died at her Northridge , California , home Wednesday , her publicist Alan Eichler said . She was 94 . The Andrews Sisters began singing on Minnesota radio stations in the 1920s , but after several years on the Vaudeville circuit they began a recording career that made them one of the most successful female groups ever . The sisters performed with "  Patty always singing the lead , Maxene the high harmony and LaVerne the low harmony , inventing a unique blend that came from their hearts , since none of the girls could read music , " according to the official biography released by Eichler . One of their biggest hits was "  Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy , " which became a World War II anthem . The Recording Industry of America Association and the National Endowment for the Arts placed it as the sixth on its "  Songs of the Century " list in 2001 . Other major songs included "  Bei Mir Bist Du Schon , " "  Do n't Fence Me In , " "  Apple Blossom Time , " "  Rum and Coca Cola , " and "  I Can Dream , Ca n't I ? " Their family lived in Mound , Minnesota , when Patty was born on February 16 , 1918 . Sister LaVerne , who was seven years older , died of cancer in 1967 , while Maxene , two years older than Patty , died of a heart attack in 1995 . "  They had begun to sing together at home , with LaVerne teaching her younger siblings the ` hot ' songs of the day , like the Boswell Sisters rendition of ` Dinah ' and ` When I Take My Sugar to Tea , ' " the biography said . Patty Andrews was just 10 when Larry Rich , who saw the sisters sing at the Orpheum Theater in Minneapolis , offered them a spot on his traveling show . "  It was always important to the girls that they were the children of immigrant parents , and when their father 's business was wiped out during the Depression , the sisters left school and went out on the road to sing , using their music to support their family as best they could , " the biography said . They later performed in New York with Jack Belasco 's orchestra and toured on the Vaudeville circuit with Ted Mack . Their recording career began in New York in 1937 just as they were "  literally at the end of the road " and "  stranded in New York City , " the biography said . "  Through an arranger they had met on the road , Vic Schoen , they landed one show , for one night only at the Edison Hotel with The Billy Swanson Orchestra , where they sang exactly one verse of one song , " the bio said . "  As luck would have it , that part of the show was being broadcast on the radio , and the head of Decca Records , Jack Kapp , was getting into a taxi that had the radio tuned to that station . The next day , Lou Levy , who would soon become their manager and later the husband of Maxene , was sent to the Edison Hotel with instructions to find ` those girls . ' " The sisters performed on troop ships , in airplane hangars and at battlefields for the USO during the World War II . They appeared in 16 films during the 1940s , including "  Buck Privates , " "  In the Navy , " and "  Hold That Ghost " with Bud Abbott and Lou Costello , "  Hollywood Canteen " and "  Road to Rio " with Bob Hope and Bing Crosby , as well as in a number of musical films . The sisters enjoyed a resurgence in the 1950s when they were booked at the Flamingo Hotel in Las Vegas , which led to television appearances and more recording . The Andrews Sisters earned 19 gold records and sold about 100 million singles . Obituaries 2013 : The lives they 've lived	The group was one of the biggest female groups ever Patty Andrews sang lead for the trio popular during WWII One of their biggest hits was "  Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy " The Andrews Sisters earned 19 gold records and sold about 100 million singles
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- Two more bodies have been recovered from the wreck of the cruise ship Costa Concordia , Italian officials announced Monday , bringing the number of confirmed victims of the accident to 15 . The two women were found on Bridge 4 , near the ship 's Internet cafe , said Franco Gabrielli , the official in charge of the operation . About 17 people remain missing after the ship collided with rocks January 13 off the coast of Tuscany , according to a CNN count . Salvage workers are to begin pumping fuel out of the liner Monday , Gabrielli said . "  Salvage will start any minute , " Adm. Ilarione Dell ` Anna said Monday afternoon . It will take 28 working days to remove all the fuel from the ship , the admiral said . The search for survivors and victims will continue alongside the salvage , said Gabrielli , the head of Italy 's civil protection agency . The man in charge of the rescue operation said the divers faced a grim task . "  Imagine that you left for holidays and that the power went off in your house . What would you find in your fridge ? The divers are in there , " Ennio Aquilino said . Two more bodies were found over the weekend -- one woman on Saturday and one on Sunday , both wearing life jackets . Divers used explosives Monday morning to blow more holes in the side of the ship to allow easier access . The parties involved in the rescue told reporters and residents on the island Sunday that search and rescue efforts will continue -- but that the environmental risk is also becoming urgent . Officials said they can not predict how long it will take to clear the wreckage , since that depends on maritime conditions and technical difficulties , but all legal , environmental and human factors will be taken into account . "  It 's time for Italy to show it can do something right and do it well , " said Gabrielli . Gabrielli warned that the task ahead was complicated and daunting , not least because it takes about 45 minutes to search each cabin , using special cameras and divers . The giant Costa Concordia had 1,500 cabins on board . A class-action lawsuit will be filed in Miami against Costa and its parent company , Carnival Corp. , the Italian consumer group Codacons said on Saturday . The suit , in collaboration with two U.S. law firms , is "  aimed specifically at getting compensation for all damages to the boat passengers , " Codacons said in a statement . The class-action suit is open to passengers of any nationality , it said . "  We 've been contacted by hundreds of victims and the numbers are growing moment by moment , " said Mitchell Proner , senior partner at Proner & Proner , one of two firms involved . He said crew members have also contacted the firm , "  and their stories that are coming in are horrific -- from lifeboats that were stuck halfway , passengers debating whether to jump or not , this was not an orderly evacuation . " The suit , he said , will request at least 125,000 euros  about $ 160,000  per passenger . The suit has not yet been filed , said Marc Bern , senior partner at the other firm , Napoli Bern Ripka Shkolnik , but "  it will probably be in the billions of euros and dollars . " "  The sheer terror of being on a ship of that magnitude going down , you can imagine the psychological damage , " Bern said . Gabrielli said no fuel oil had yet leaked from the ship -- only kitchen and engine oil -- and that he did not see an immediate risk of the 2,400 tons on board escaping . Booms have been put in place around the ship to stop the spread of oil and other pollutants such as detergents and sewage chemicals . With more than 4,000 people aboard , the ship was the size of a small town , Gabrielli said . Fuel will be replaced with water as it is removed from the ship 's tanks , keeping the ship balanced , said Dell ` Anna , head of coastal authorities for the port city of Livorno . Gabrielli said Costa Cruises , the company that owns the cruise ship , is cooperative and was proving responsible , despite past errors . Both Costa Cruises and authorities have criticized Capt. Francesco Schettino , who is under house arrest and faces possible charges of manslaughter , shipwreck and abandoning ship . Prosecutors said they planned to appeal the judge 's decision to grant Schettino house arrest , arguing that Schettino should remain in jail because he is a flight risk and because of the gravity of his alleged crimes . Alessandro Antichi , partner of Schettino defense attorney Bruno Leporatti , said the defense plans to file its appeal Wednesday on the judge 's ruling . The defense maintains Schettino should not be in custody . An audio recording obtained by Italy 's Repubblica newspaper and published Saturday shows that the captain , at least at the outset of the incident , assured authorities he would do the right thing . Prosecutors have accused the captain of piloting the ship too fast to allow him to react to dangers , causing the shipwreck , according to legal papers . There were roughly 4,200 people on the Costa Concordia when it ran aground -- about 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members . The vast majority fled the ship safely . CNN 's Dan Rivers , Livia Borghese , Hada Messia , Marilia Brocchetto , Vivian Kuo and journalist Barbie Nadeau contributed to this report .	NEW : A class-action suit will be filed against the cruise line and its parent company , group says The discoveries announced Monday raise the number of confirmed victims to 15 Salvage workers will start to remove fuel from the Costa Concordia The head of the operation says no fuel has leaked from the ship yet
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- At least 6,000 Christians have fled the northern Iraqi city of Mosul in the past week because of killings and death threats , Iraq 's Ministry of Immigration and Displaced Persons said Thursday . A Christian family that fled Mosul found refuge in the Al-Sayida monastery about 30 miles north of the city . The number represents 1,424 families , at least 70 more families than were reported to be displaced on Wednesday . The ministry said it had set up an operation room to follow up sending urgent aid to the displaced Christian families as a result of attacks by what it called "  terrorist groups . " Iraqi officials have said the families were frightened by a series of killings and threats by Muslim extremists ordering them to convert to Islam or face death . Fourteen Christians have been slain in the past two weeks in the city , which is about 260 miles  420 kilometers  north of Baghdad . Mosul is one of the last Iraqi cities where al Qaeda in Iraq has a significant presence and routinely carries out attacks . The U.S. military said it killed the Sunni militant group 's No. 2 leader , Abu Qaswarah , in a raid in the northern city earlier this month . In response to the recent attacks on Christians , authorities have ordered more checkpoints in several of the city 's Christian neighborhoods . The attacks may have been prompted by Christian demonstrations ahead of provincial elections , which are to be held by January 31 , authorities said . Hundreds of Christians took to the streets in Mosul and surrounding villages and towns , demanding adequate representation on provincial councils , whose members will be chosen in the local elections . Thursday , Iraq 's minister of immigration and displaced persons discussed building housing complexes for Christian families in northern Iraq and allocating land to build the complexes . Abdel Samad Rahman Sultan brought up the issue when he met with a representative of Iraq 's Hammurabi Organization for Human Rights and with the head of the Kojina Organization for helping displaced persons . A curfew was declared Wednesday in several neighborhoods of eastern Mosul as authorities searched for militants behind the attacks . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	More than 1,400 Christian families displaced Families reportedly frightened by killings and threats by Muslim extremists Extremists ordering them to convert to Islam , officials say Fourteen Christians have been slain in the past two weeks in Mosul
CNN  -- Security forces have arrested 11 al Qaeda suspects in the Yemeni capital , the nation 's official news agency reported Thursday . One man was killed in the operation , according to a security source cited by SABA . Yemeni authorities have threatened punishment for people who harbor suspected terrorists . The warnings are part of a crackdown on alleged al Qaeda hideouts since the attempted bombing of an American airliner in December , according to SABA . The suspect in the failed attack , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , spent time in Yemen and is said to have acquired the explosive device from someone in that country . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  has claimed responsibility for the plot . The Obama administration has recognized the risks posed by Yemen becoming a failed state and voiced support in its struggles against terrorism . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also has pressed Yemen to implement key reforms and shore up its faltering economy . "  Yemen 's challenges are not going to be solved by military action alone , " she said at a recent meeting of Western powers and Arab nations . "  Progress against violent extremists and progress toward a better future for the Yemeni people ... will also depend on fortifying development efforts . "	Yemen has threatened punishment for people who harbor terror suspects The warnings are part of a crackdown on alleged al Qaeda hideouts Obama administration has recognized risks posed by Yemen becoming a failed state
It may not have the allure of Paris or New York but Dakar in Senegal is quickly making a name for itself as a force to be reckoned with in the fashion stakes . The 10th annual Dakar Fashion Week wrapped on Sunday , attracting an international audience to its showcase of African collections . A decade after Senegalese designer Adama Ndiaye launched the first show , Dakar has now earned itself the unique title of being the capital of Franco-African fashion . It 's an important milestone for a country few would associate with high-end fashion . Fashion analyst Helen Jennings says this year 's event , attended by the "  godfather of African fashion " Alphadi , cemented Dakar 's reputation . Jennings , the editor of Arise , a London-based African fashion magazine , pointed to the important differences between English and French-inspired fashion on the continent . "  Anglophone Africa is much more westernized on the whole and therefore gets more international attention . While Francophone designers , although still very contemporary , do veer toward more traditional styles , especially the Senegalese boubou and north African kaftan . "  It made for a refreshing change to see these influences on the catwalk . " However , she added that Dakar was by no means the capital of African fashion : "  Without a doubt those capitals are Nigeria  host of Arise Magazine Fashion week  and South Africa  which runs Africa Fashion Week  . " Watch : African street fashion The African fashion industry 's growth in recent years is part of a wider economic boom on the continent , says Jennings . "  Whereas previously Africa was only seen as a source of anthropological inspiration for international brands , now its homegrown talents are standing up and being counted too and riding the wave of interest in Africa 's broader cultural and economic ascension , " she said . "  Established names such as Duro Olowu in London , Xuly Bët in Paris , Kofi Ansah in Ghana , Jewel By Lisa in Lagos and Marianne Fassler in Johannesburg are inspiring younger talents while more and more African fashion weeks , magazines , websites , boutiques and schools are blossoming . " Web boutiques bring African fashion to global market While the global economic downturn has hit Europe hard , African countries have remained fairly resilient since the 2008 financial crisis , according to a recent joint report from researchers McKinsey & Company and advertising agency TBWA . The report - The Changing Face of the African consumer - surveyed 15,000 people across 10 countries . It claims the growth of Africa 's population , expansion of the middle class and rising optimism about the continent 's future will play a crucial role in the development of its retail industry . "  Africa 's economic growth is creating substantial new business opportunities that are often overlooked by global companies , " it said . The boom is good news for Dakar Fashion Week founder Ndiaye , who hopes the show will one day reach the heights of Paris and New York -- yet with a distinctly African style . Watch : Traditional dress of Senegal Bright colors , bold traditional African prints and a touch of old Hollywood glamor dominated the catwalks throughout the week , held from June 12 to 17 . Designers hailed from across the continent , such as Lebanese-Ivorian Elien Kuame , whose elegant cocktail dresses blended both western and African traditional styles.Senegalese designer Maguette Gueye utilized traditional African prints , while compatriot Mamta Lopy concentrated on a more sultry , western style .	Dakar 's annual fashion week carving name as international draw First launched by Senegalese designer Adama Ndiaye , founder of label Adama Paris Organizers hope to one day reach heights of Paris and New York Majority of designers and models hail from across Africa
CNN  -- Sen. Chris Dodd 's announcement that he is retiring follows an illustrious career , but one that has recently been overshadowed by controversies , political woes and personal tragedies . "  I love my job as your senator . I always have , still do . However , this past year has raised some challenges that insisted I take stock of my life , " the Democratic senator said in front of his Connecticut home Wednesday . During this session of Congress , Dodd was at the center of what he called the "  two most important issues of our time " : health care and financial reform . Dodd is chairman of the banking committee , and when his close friend and colleague , the late Sen. Ted Kennedy , was battling brain cancer , he stepped in as acting chairman of the Senate health committee . The death of Kennedy in August was devastating for Dodd , who worked alongside the Massachusetts senator for decades . And Kennedy 's death came just weeks after Dodd 's sister passed away . And Dodd , 65 , was diagnosed with and treated for prostate cancer last summer . "  In the midst of all of this , -LSB- I -RSB- found myself in the toughest political shape of my career , " Dodd said Wednesday . A source close to Dodd says his recent personal tragedies and challenges weighed heavily in his decision to retire . Dodd is Connecticut 's longest-serving senator . He took office in 1981 after three terms in the House . But his prospects in the upcoming election were not good . An internal Dodd campaign poll taken last month showed him trailing the leading Republican contender for his seat , Rob Simmons , 46-51 percent . That deficit is significant in the Democratic-leaning state of Connecticut , where the same poll shows President Obama with a high favorability rating . Another source close to Dodd said he had been well aware of his uphill battle for months . The source said his political reality was a big part the reason he decided not to seek re-election , but insisted , "  this is n't a decision forced upon him or by anyone . He was looking at his career , looking at his record of accomplishments over the past 35 years , asking what else is there . " Personal and political challenges "  have given me pause to take stock and to ask questions that too few of us in elected public life ever do : Why am I running ? , " Dodd said . Dodd 's announcement came almost two years to the day that he abandoned his presidential run . He said at the time that he counted his experience on the presidential campaign trail as one of the most rewarding of his career in public service . "  It was obviously an uphill battle from the beginning , and I think that those are the times that you really see the character of the person that you are working for , " said Taylor West , a Democratic strategist who worked on Dodd 's campaign . "  He conducted that campaign in the way that I 've seen him do everything else , which was with a lot of class and a lot of dedication , " she said . West recalled Dodd 's humor and his love for the people he met . "  He is someone who wears his heart on his sleeve , and that 's part of the reason why people are drawn to him , " she said . West said she looks forward to watching what Dodd can accomplish over the next year , now that he is freed up from campaign concerns . Following a disappointing showing in his presidential campaign -- getting less than 1 percent of the vote in the Iowa caucuses -- Dodd faced more struggles back home and in Washington . The senator was criticized last year for his role in big bonuses handed out at AIG after the insurance giant received taxpayer bailout money . AIG 's Financial Products unit is based in Connecticut . Dodd initially denied having anything to do with American International Group paying out millions in bonuses , then later acknowledged his role in adding language to the stimulus bill to ensure that existing contracts for bonuses at bailout recipients , such as AIG , were honored . Dodd also faced controversy when news surfaced that he had received favorable mortgage terms from now-defunct sub-prime mortgage lender Countrywide Financial . Dodd later severed his relationship with Countrywide to avoid any appearance of impropriety . In another blow to his credibility , Dodd took heat for insisting that the government-sponsored mortgage lenders Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were sound and failing to rein them in . The Senate Finance Committee he chairs oversees the lenders . Dodd had also received more campaign contributions from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac than any other lawmaker , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . Even with help on the trail from President Obama and Vice President Joe Biden , Dodd was n't able to gain much ground in the polls . Biden last month conceded that Dodd was "  getting the living hell beat of him . " Despite his troubles , Dodd said he managed four major pieces of legislation through Congress in the past year : health care reform , credit card reform , the tobacco regulation bill and the Helping Families Save Their Homes Act . Throughout his career , he 's focused on children 's issues , championing the Family and Medical Leave Act , working to expand the Head Start program and chairing the Children and Families subcommittee . Dodd will serve out the rest of his term , which ends in January 2011 . "  This year will be a huge part of his legacy . We 're looking at the likelihood that we will have an enormous piece of health care reform that his father actually introduced as a plank in the Democratic platform 60 years ago . Getting that done is going to be a huge part of his legacy , " West said . Dodd attributes his commitment to public service and human rights to his parents , the late Sen. Thomas Dodd and Grace Murphy Dodd , according to his Senate biography . Dodd 's father served in the Senate for two terms . He was censured by the Senate for financial misconduct , then lost his re-election bid in 1970 . He died of a heart attack the following year . Before his career in politics , Dodd spent two years in the Peace Corps , enlisted in the Army National Guard and served in the U.S. Army Reserves . He attended Providence College and later earned a law degree from the University of Louisville . Dodd declined to speculate about what he will do when he leaves office , but he said his two daughters -- Grace , 8 , and Christina , 4 -- will benefit greatly from his decision . "  I 'm still driven by the same passions that motivated me to try my hand at politics so many , many years ago . And just as I 've encouraged the people of Connecticut , I 'm looking to the future with a spirit of optimism and confidence , " he said . CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Dodd faced deaths of sister and Sen. Kennedy , was treated for prostate cancer last year Democrat is Connecticut 's longest-serving senator He suffered blows to reputation in the past year , was facing tough re-election bid Throughout his career , Dodd has focused on children 's issues
CNN  -- An advisory panel to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday voted 19-10 to recommend placing tighter restrictions on hydrocodone , an ingredient found in popular prescription drugs including Vicodin , Norco and Lortab . If the panel 's advice is adopted by FDA , it would put hydrocodone on par with prescription painkillers like oxycodone , morphine , and methadone -- drugs with high abuse potential that can lead to severe physical dependence . With its vote , the advisory panel is suggesting that hydrocodone be moved from its current classification as a Schedule III drug -- a drug with moderate abuse potential -- to a more restrictive Schedule II classification . Among a wide field of potent prescription painkillers -- which the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says are fueling an epidemic of abuse in the United States -- hydrocodone may have been flying under the radar among doctors . "  Most doctors are under the impression that Vicodin  whose main ingredient is hydrocodone  is less addictive than other prescription painkillers , " said Dr. Andrew Kolodny , president of Physicians for Responsible Opioid Prescribing . "  When you wonder why your dentist gives you 40 hydrocodone for a toothache , or your knee doctor prescribes far more than he should , that 's because they 're under the impression that it 's not addictive as Percocet . That 's completely false . " Concerns about generic painkillers increase The panel 's advice , if adopted by the FDA , would limit how much hydrocodone a patient could get between doctor visits . It would also limit refills -- Schedule III drugs can be refilled up to five times , while Schedule II drugs are not eligible for refills , according to the Drug Enforcement Administration . But pain patient advocacy groups and pharmaceutical companies , among others , fear that reclassification will make it harder for patients to get medications they need . "  The FDA advisory committee is considering a proposal that could make it harder for patients with legitimate health needs to obtain essential medications , " according to a statement by the National Community Pharmacists Association , which represents pharmacy owners and employees . Hydrocodone is the most prescribed painkiller in the U.S. : 131 million prescriptions for hydrocodone were written in 2010 , according to IMS Health , a health care information company . That number far outpaces the medical need for the drug , said Kolodny . "  We 've had a medical community that has been massively overprescribing the drug , " said Kolodny . "  There is very little difference between a hydrocodone molecule and a heroin molecule . We need doctors to prescribe much more cautiously . " But it is up for question whether rescheduling hydrocodone will deter doctors from prescribing , or make it very difficult for patients to obtain it , said Dr. Stephen Anderson , an emergency-room physician in Auburn , Washington . "  You 'd like for providers who write prescriptions for it to think twice , you 'd like people who use it to think twice , " said Anderson , also a past president of the Washington chapter of the American College of Emergency Physicians . "  Unfortunately I think way too many providers do n't draw that distinction very often . " Prescription drug deaths : Two stories And while Anderson does not wholly agree that reclassifying hydrocodone will necessarily change habits , he says that the move does underline a dire need to change the overall perception of painkillers . "  Society 's starting to open their eyes that there is a problem associated  with prescription painkillers  , " said Anderson . "  If you make a move like this ... it 's out there in the conversation about this epidemic , and that 's a good thing . " An FDA spokeswoman could not confirm when the FDA would act on the panel 's recommendation . The DEA will make the ultimate decision on whether to reschedule the drug .	An advisory panel recommends that hydrocodone be more restricted Panel : hydrocodone , a Schedule III drug , should be under more restrictive Schedule II The FDA could limit how much hydrocodone a patient could get between doctor visits The FDA has not said when it would act on the recommendation
CNN  Three teen British girls suspected of traveling to Syria to join ISIS appeared on surveillance video in Turkey before they went to their destination . Images show the teens boarding a bus in Istanbul , Turkish HBR television reported . It 's the first sighting of the girls since they left London almost two weeks ago . Authorities have said they have no reason to believe the girls are still in Turkey and believe they have crossed into neighboring Syria , parts of which have been taken over by Islamist terror group ISIS . The three east London classmates -- Shamima Begum , 15 ; Kadiza Sultana , 16 ; and Amira Abase , 15 -- boarded a Turkish Airlines plane from London 's Gatwick Airport to Istanbul on February 17 . A British counterterrorism officer said police had tried to reach out to the girls using the Turkish media and social media to persuade them to return home . The girls ' parents have also publicly begged for them to come home . Days before they left for Turkey , at least one of the girls allegedly contacted a young woman , Aqsa Mahmood , who left her home in Scotland to travel to Syria in 2013 and is accused of trying to recruit others via social media . An attorney for the Mahmood family said the family was "  surprised , horrified " that the contact had not prompted police action "  because they understood that Aqsa 's social media content was being closely monitored by the security services . " "  And the real concern that arises is that if a known member of ISIS who 's now a poster girl for ISIS , seen to be recruiting and spreading propaganda , is in touch with young people in our country -- that one would expect the courtesy of a knock on the door of these families , to advise them that their children may be on the cusp of radicalization or going off to Syria , " Aamer Anwar said . The Mahmood family condemned their daughter 's actions , describing them "  as a perverted and evil distortion " of Islam . But they also said the UK security services "  have serious questions to answer " over their failure to intervene after one or more of the missing girls got in touch with her . Turkey has become the most traveled route for volunteers trying to join Syria 's many armed factions since an anti-government uprising erupted more than three years ago . Initially , Ankara maintained an "  open door policy , " allowing hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees to flee to safety in Turkey . Turkish border guards looked the other way , taking few steps to stop activists , volunteers and journalists from crossing into Syria . But with the rise of the ultra-violent Islamist group ISIS in Syria , the Turkish government increasingly came under criticism at home and abroad for not doing enough to stop jihadists from going through Turkey to get into Syria . Some critics have accused Ankara of actively supporting ISIS against rival Kurdish rebel groups , charges the Turkish government has angrily denied . Last year , the Turkish government showed CNN new barricades , thermal cameras and fences aimed at better fortifying the border . Historically , the Turkish-Syrian border , which runs more than 800 kilometers  500 miles  , has been notoriously difficult for Turkish security forces to control . Before the Syrian civil war , both smugglers and Kurdish separatist guerrillas were known to operate illegally between the two countries . Turkish government officials have bristled in response to accusations that they are not stemming the flow of foreign fighters joining ISIS . Millions of tourists visit Turkey every year , where visas can be obtained upon arrival for citizens of many countries .	The teens are believed to have made it to war-torn Syria The girls ' parents publicly begged them to come home
CNN  -- Mexican smugglers have used tunnels , cars , boats and even the human body in attempts to sneak drugs past U.S. agents in an endless cat-and-mouse game on the U.S.-Mexico border . Now smugglers have devised a new invention to ferry their contraband over the nearly militarized border : cannons . An air-powered cannon fires bags of illegal drugs into the air from Mexico and plops them on U.S. soil , for nighttime retrieval by conspirators , U.S. authorities said Thursday . Mexican authorities recently confiscated one such cannon in the bed of a pickup truck in Mexicali , police there said . Mexicali shares the international boundary with Calexico , California . The confiscation of the cannon -- which Mexican authorities publicized in a photograph -- is the first that U.S. border and customs agents are aware of , a U.S. official said . "  Well , I 've been in  law enforcement  for over 20 years , and it seems like within the last five to 10 years they have gotten really , really creative in how they bring their drugs across , " said Andy Adame , special operations supervisor for the Joint Field Command Arizona of U.S. Customs and Border Protection . Border Patrol officers to be furloughed Cannons apparently are smugglers ' newest creation , said Adame , who 's based in Tucson . "  This is the first one that I 've seen , " he said Thursday of the one seized by police in Mexicali . "  That was actually a pretty good one . "  They are definitely out of the ordinary , " Adame said . In another incident , U.S. authorities found 33 cans of marijuana embedded in Arizona farmland last December , as if they dropped out of the sky , Adame said . In fact , U.S. authorities believe a pneumatic cannon fired each canister 500 feet over the Colorado River from Mexico . American agents notified Mexican authorities to search their side of the border , U.S. Customs and Border Protection said in a statement last December . Only a carbon dioxide tank was found , the U.S. agency said . The 33 cans contained a total of 85 pounds of marijuana , valued at $ 42,500 , U.S. authorities said . Aussie police make big meth haul "  The smugglers were trying to pick these up before daylight , but there was probably an agent in the area , " Adame said , explaining why the smugglers on the U.S. side never collected the canisters that pockmarked the tilled land . Last week , police in Mexicali found a cannon made from a large tube in the back of an abandoned Dodge Ram pickup truck , said spokesman Edgar Lopez . The device operated with a compressor connected to the truck , Mexican authorities said . No arrests have been made . Last year , Mexican authorities seized a catapult that was used to launch bundled drugs , Lopez said . In connection with that incident , U.S. authorities seized marijuana near Naco , Arizona , that was apparently launched over the border fence , Adame said . Guards accused of smuggling phones into prison	Police in Mexico find a cannon attached to a compressor on an abandoned pickup truck Cannon was apparently used to fire bags of drugs over the border , authorities say In a separate incident last year , U.S. agents found cans of marijuana plopped in an Arizona field Cannon is believed to have been involved in that incident , too , U.S. agent says
Rome  CNN  -- A cruise ship of the Costa Cruises line is adrift off the coast of the Seychelles after a fire in its engine room , the Italian coast guard said Monday . The ship , the Allegra , is a sister of the Costa Concordia , which wrecked off the coast of Italy on January 13 , killing at least 21 people . The fire left the Allegra without propulsion , although its communications equipment is intact , the authorities said . The Allegra 's fire has been put out , and the passengers are all in good health , the authorities said . The Seychelles is sending a tug , and merchant ships in the area are steaming toward the Allegra , the coast guard said .	An engine room fire leaves the Costa Allegra without propulsion , authorities say Its sister ship , the Costa Concordia , shipwrecked last month , killing at least 21
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal was glowing with pride after winning the prestigious Laureus Sportsman of the Year award , following in the footsteps of his greatest tennis rival Roger Federer . The Spaniard was honored along with American skier Lindsey Vonn , who won the top women 's prize at a ceremony in Abu Dhabi on Monday . "  It is very important  in terms of  personal satisfaction , " the nine-time grand slam winner told CNN 's Pedro Pinto . "  This nomination is voted for by the world of sport ... the best sportsmen and sportswomen in the world voted for me , it 's a real honor . It was an emotional season for me , probably the most emotional of my career , so thank you very much for everyone who made this possible for me . " Federer won the men 's award four successive times until champion sprinter Usain Bolt reigned in 2009 and 2010 , but Nadal took this year 's gong after reclaiming his world No. 1 ranking and winning three of the four tennis grand slam events . The 24-year-old , who won the best newcomer category in 2006 , headed off footballers Lionel Messi and Andres Iniesta , Formula One world champion Sebastian Vettel , basketball star Kobe Bryant and boxer Manny Pacquaio . He said he was looking forward to returning to action after a leg injury effectively ended his hopes of completing a grand slam at the Australian Open last month . "  For me , the most important thing is not being No. 1 but to be healthy and keep being competitive in every tournament I play , " Nadal said . It was a big night for Spain as the country 's 2010 World Cup-winning footballers took out the team award , while German golfer Martin Kaymer claimed the sporting breakthrough prize and Kelly Slater notched a second U.S. success as he won the action sports category for the third time . Kaymer 's compatriot , visually-impaired skier and biathlete Verena Bentele , won the sportsperson with a disability award while motorcycle champion Valentino Rossi was honored for best comeback achievement . French football legend Zinedine Zidane received a lifetime achievement award , while Europe 's Ryder Cup-winning team -- which featured Kaymer -- won the spirit of sport prize . The 26-year-old Vonn won the top award for the first time after a year in which she won gold and bronze medals at the Winter Olympics in Canada and a third consecutive overall World Cup title . The most successful U.S. woman skier of all-time , she triumphed ahead of three-time winner Serena Williams , her compatriot 's fellow tennis stars Kim Clijsters and Caroline Wozniacki , and athletes Jessica Ennis and Blanka Vlasic . Spain 's football team continued the trend that has seen the FIFA World Cup holders triumph every time since the award 's inception in 2000 , this time heading off treble-winning club side Inter Milan , the Ryder Cup golfers , Bryant 's NBA champions the LA Lakers , Vettel 's all-conquering Red Bull outfit and rugby 's New Zealand All Blacks . Kaymer , who was crowned Europe 's No. 1 and has risen to second in the world rankings , was honored ahead of fellow golfers Louis Oosthuizen and Matteo Manassero , Germany World Cup star Thomas Muller and French athletes Christophe Lemaitre and Teddy Tamgho . Rossi recovered from a broken leg to return to the track in just 41 days , but could not add to his seven world MotoGP titles . The Italian won the comeback award from tennis star Justine Henin , athletes Carolina Kluft , Tyson Gay and Merlene Ottey , plus U.S. golfer Paula Creamer . Bentele triumphed ahead of fellow Paralympic star Lauren Woolstencroft of Canada , who also won five gold medals in Vancouver last year , skier Jakub Krako , swimmers Matt Cowdrey and Daniel Dias , plus wheelchair tennis star Esther Vergeer , a two-time winner . Slater , who won a record 10th world title in 2010 , headed off nominees including Australian women 's surfing star Stephanie Gilmore , last year 's winner who like the American has also been shortlisted eight times .	Rafael Nadal and Lindsey Vonn win top Laureus awards for the first time Tennis star Nadal ends the two-year reign of sprint champion Usain Bolt Skier Vonn follows in the footsteps of her fellow American Serena Williams Spain 's World Cup-winning team also honored , while Germans win two awards
Baghdad  CNN  -- Thousands of mourners turned out in Falluja Saturday , hours after a powerful Sunni sheikh called on Iraq 's Shiite prime minister to hand over soldiers responsible for killing anti-government protesters in Anbar province or face "  losses among their ranks . " The warning came as reports emerged that four soldiers were killed and four were abducted after security forces fired on a Sunni anti-government protest in Falluja , raising fears of retaliations that could ignite sectarian violence . Sheikh Ahmed Abu Risha , who is credited with rallying Sunni tribal leaders to turn on al Qaeda in Iraq , gave Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's government seven days to hand over to Anbar 's criminal court those involved in the shootings . "  We warn al-Maliki that the people of Anbar have another choice , if their demand is not met , " Abu Risha told supporters in a televised statement broadcast by a number of Iraqi news outlets . Abu Risha 's words carry weight , as he is head of a 160,000-member clan , a subset of the Dulaim tribe , one of the largest of all Middle East tribes . Provincial health officials said that at least seven people were killed and 47 wounded in the shootings Friday during the demonstration in Falluja in the western Anbar province , a Sunni stronghold where protesters have been denouncing what they call second-class treatment by the Shiite-dominated government . In an interview with Al-Baghdadiya TV , Abu Risha also demanded al-Maliki withdraw troops from Falluja ahead of Saturday morning 's funeral procession for those killed . "  They need to go back to their barracks and be stopped , or there may be losses among their ranks or the ranks of the police . With all honesty , Falluja is boiling , " he said . The funeral procession drew thousands of mourners who shouted , "  God is great , God is great " and "  al-Maliki is the enemy of God , " and demanded that al-Maliki be removed from office . "  Al-Maliki is a leader of militias , he is a criminal , he should be fired from his position immediately " Ahmed Ismaeil , one of the mourners , told CNN . "  Al-Maliki should be tried for crimes he has committed against Iraqi people . This is one of his crimes " Ismaeil added . 35 killed in Iraq suicide bombing , police say The caskets bearing the bodies of the dead were carried on the shoulders of mourners and were buried in Falluja 's famous Martyr 's Cemetery . Abu Risha is head of the Anbar Awakening Council , a group composed primarily of Sunni Arab fighters who turned on al Qaeda in Iraq , which was made up of predominantly Sunni extremists , in late 2006 and who joined forces with the U.S.-led coalition . While a number of the members of the council , also known as the Sons of Iraq , have been integrated into Iraq 's security forces , Abu Risha has said he maintains a militia of about 80,000 . Al-Maliki 's government has put the number at 50,000 , according to published reports . Abu Risha took over as head of the province 's Awakening Council after his brother Sheikh Abdul Sattar -- also known as Abu Risha -- was assassinated in 2007 . Abu Risha 's demand that troops withdraw from Falluja was backed by a number of religious leaders in the city . By nightfall Friday , Iraqi soldiers withdrew from several security posts in and around the city and went back to their main military headquarters in Falluja , according to police officials in the city . There were conflicting accounts about what led to the shootings . Witnesses told CNN that Iraqi soldiers opened fire after they ordered the demonstrators to stop filming dozens of Iraqi security forces on the rooftops surrounding al-Etisam Square , while others said Iraqi soldiers fired when protesters started throwing objects at them . Security officials said the shootings occurred when protesters began throwing rocks . When the soldiers opened fire , protesters responded by burning military vehicles and civilian cars . By Friday night , dozens of angry protesters had attacked an army checkpoint in southern Falluja , setting the building on fire and burning an army vehicle , police officials said . The officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity , were not authorized to release details to the media . Two soldiers were killed in that attack , the officials said . Two more soldiers were killed by snipers on Saturday morning , they said . That was followed Saturday by the abduction of four soldiers from near a military base near Falluja , the officials said . The four , who were in civilian clothing , were on their way home for a short vacation when they were kidnapped , they said . Al-Maliki on Friday said the violence in Falluja does n't surprise his administration . He cited "  conspiracies " plotted by regional intelligence services , vestiges of the old regime , al Qaeda and those with sectarian agendas . The government , he said , has warned before about "  those who have hostile agendas against Iraq , its political process and its democracy . " He said dangers are "  increasing day after day in an attempt to blow up the security situation in the country and drag the armed forces into confrontations . " The protest in Falluja was the latest in a series held in predominantly Sunni regions of Iraq . They have been countered by mostly Shiite , pro-government demonstrations , raising fears that the sectarian division could bring violence in the streets . The protests have grown in recent weeks . They began in late December when Sunni demonstrators took to the streets in Anbar province , which borders Jordan and Syria , to protest al-Maliki 's order to arrest the bodyguards of Finance Minister Rafaie al-Esawi , a Sunni . The arrest of al-Esawi 's bodyguards came just hours after President Jalal Talabani , a Kurd who is widely viewed as a stabilizing political force in Iraq , left the country about two weeks after suffering a stroke . The protesters also are demanding the release of detainees they said are held without charges , calling the government corrupt and accusing it of unfairly targeting Iraq 's Sunni people . Iraq 's Arab Sunnis and Kurds have accused al-Maliki and his Shiite political party of working to consolidate power in Iraq by cutting them out of the political process , an allegation that comes as U.S. lawmakers raise concerns about Iraq strengthening its ties with Shiite-dominated Iran . Sunnis make up about 20 % of Iraq 's estimated population of more than 27 million , whereas about 60 % to 65 % are Shiite . Since the fall of Saddam Hussein 's Sunni-dominated regime in 2003 , Sunnis in Iraq have been largely disaffected . The gulf was widened in 2005 when Sunnis boycotted the country 's election , opening the way to a heavily dominated Shiite government . The sectarian divisions translated into violence in the streets in 2006 and 2007 , with fighting that nearly ripped the country apart . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq reported from Baghdad and Chelsea J. Carter from Atlanta . CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	Four Iraqi soldiers have been killed in clashes in Falluja , officials say Four soldiers also have been abducted , police officials say Sheikh Ahmed Abu Risha is demanding the prime minister hand over the soldiers involved At least seven people were killed and 47 wounded in shootings during protests Friday
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Protesters taking to the streets in Egypt on Wednesday felt the wrath of security forces , a day after an unparalleled display of public rage at the government and full-throated cries for the ouster of the longtime president . Police turned water cannons and tear gas on protesters in the early hours of Wednesday morning to try to break up anti-government demonstrations as the Interior Ministry warned it "  will not allow any provocative movement or a protest or rallies or demonstrations . " In the heart of Cairo , people were being beaten with sticks and fists and demonstrators were being dragged away amid tear gas . Witnesses saw security forces harassing journalists and photographers . Demonstrations continued into the nighttime hours . Egypt 's official MENA news agency reported that at least 90 people were detained Wednesday while trying to demonstrate in downtown Cairo 's Tahrir Square . The country 's main opposition party , the Muslim Brotherhood , said Wednesday that 149 of its members were arrested during the protests . The state-run Nile News TV reported violent clashes Wednesday night between security forces and protesters in Suez , a port city east of Cairo on the Gulf of Suez . At least 27 people were wounded , Nile News said , most of them police officers . Quoting provincial officials , the station said most of the clashes took place in the Alarbeen neighborhood and that looters attacked some shops . The Muslim Brotherhood said 35 people were injured in Suez and that security forces in the city had implemented a curfew there Wednesday night . Egypt 's Interior Ministry denied claims of curfews in parts of the country , MENA reported . Dozens of Bedouins , meanwhile , gathered Wednesday in the Sheikh Zwayd area near Rafah -- close to Egypt 's border with Gaza -- and tried to stop traffic on the international road by setting tires on fire and throwing rocks at cars , MENA reported . The Interior Ministry urged "  citizens to renounce attempts to bid and trade their problems and not lose sight of the consequences of provocation for those who attempt to try to open the door to a state of chaos or portray the situation in the country this way . " At least 10 journalists have been beaten by Egyptian security personnel during the demonstrations , the Committee to Protect Journalists said Wednesday . Lina Attalah , the managing editor of the English-language edition of the newspaper Al-Masry al-Youm , was attacked in downtown Cairo , CPJ reported . "  I started running , but four policemen pulled me by my hair and kicked me in my face and back , " Attalah told CPJ by phone . "  I tried telling them that I 'm a journalist but they were too busy kicking me . " Her glasses were broken and police confiscated two cell phones , the journalists group said in a Wednesday statement . The Committee to Protect Journalists also said Wednesday that Egyptian authorities have shut down the websites of two popular independent newspapers , Al-Dustour and El-Badil . The clampdown comes after thousands of protesters spilled into the streets of Egypt on Tuesday in an unprecedented display of anti-government rage inspired in part by the tumult in another North African nation , Tunisia . At least four people died in the Tuesday clashes , the Interior Ministry reported -- three protesters in Suez and one police officer in Cairo . It also said at least 102 security personnel were injured . The Interior Ministry put the size of the Tuesday demonstration in Cairo 's Tahrir Square at 10,000 at its peak , falling to 5,000 . CNN estimated that demonstration peaked at 15,000 to 20,000 . But Wednesday is a work day in Egypt , so the numbers on the streets of Cairo were lower than they were on Tuesday , a holiday known as Police Day . Protesters had been expressing their anger over the rising cost of living , failed economic policies and corruption , but all those concerns were distilled into one overriding demand -- the ouster of President Hosni Mubarak , a reliable American ally who has been in power for three decades . Egyptian authorities have been aware of complaints , but protesters widely believe the government has simply paid lip service to their grievances . There is talk among protesters about staging a big demonstration on Friday , after Muslim prayers . Twitter said it was blocked for the second day on Wednesday but added that "  some users are using apps/proxies to successfully tweet . " Magdi Radi , spokesman for Egypt 's prime minister , told CNN that the government "  did n't block Facebook , Twitter or any other website . He said that "  the websites may have been slow because of the heavy usage . " The Arabic Network for Human Rights Information , a human rights group , on Wednesday underscored a "  national demand " -- the dismissal of Interior Minister Habib Al-Adli . "  Yesterday , disengagement of peaceful gatherings by using excessive force was added to his crimes as well as arbitrary arrests of hundreds of citizens and detaining them in illegal locations , such as security camps of Darrasa in Cairo and Madinet el Salam at the outskirts of Cairo , two locations completely controlled by the Interior Ministry . " The group said police "  turned into monsters attacking demonstrators , especially small clusters in side streets , without distinction between an elderly man or a woman or youth . " Organizers said they hope to capture the regional momentum for political change set by Tunisians , who forced the collapse of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali 's 23-year rule . But Mubarak , unlike Ben Ali , remains in his country . Stories that Mubarak or any other member of his family left Egypt are "  categorically false , " said Karim Haggag , Egyptian Embassy spokesman in Washington . Calling its relationship with Egypt "  strong and friendly , " the U.S. State Department regards Mubarak 's help in maintaining security in the Mideast as critical . The government , which has diplomatic relations with Israel , has helped forge peace between Israel and the Palestinians and has helped in efforts to stabilize Iraq , the State Department said . It contributes to U.N. peacekeeping missions , "  played a key role during the 1990-1991 Gulf crisis , " and is a "  key supporter of U.S. efforts against terrorists and terrorist organizations such as Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda , the department said in a background note about Egypt . U.S. military aid to Egypt totals over $ 1.3 billion annually , and the U.S. Agency for International Development has passed along more than $ 28 billion in economic and development assistance to the country since 1975 . White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Wednesday that the Obama administration continues to monitor the situation . He called on all parties to refrain from violence and said authorities should lift bans on protests . Asked at Wednesday 's briefing whether the U.S. continues to back Mubarak , Gibbs said that "  Egypt is a strong ally . " On Wednesday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh spoke to reporters about the ferment in the Arab world . Clinton urged freedom for people and called on Egyptian authorities not to block social media . She urged the countries in the region to enact reforms and expressed optimism that the leaders there can do so . "  It is something that everyone knows must be on the agenda of the government as they -- not just respond to the protests -- but as they look beyond to what needs to be done economically , socially , politically . And there are a lot of very well-informed , active , civil society leaders in Egypt who have put forward specific ideas for reform and we are encouraging and urging the Egyptian government to be responsive to that . " Jordan has experienced demonstrations over economic issues , and the foreign minister was asked whether the protests that raged in Tunisia and Egypt will spread . Judeh said Jordan does n't exist in an economic bubble and faces hardships that other lands endure . But he said the country is tackling a political and economic reform agenda and its system promotes freedom of expression . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Amir Ahmed and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report	Main opposition party , the Muslim Brotherhood , says 149 members are arrested Websites of 2 newspapers shut down , journalists group says Twitter is blocked , but some people have used proxies to get information out Demonstrators have been demanding ouster of President Hosni Mubarak
Washington  CNN  -- A seven-term Wisconsin congressman , who 54 % of the American people were not aware of last week , just knocked the president of the United States off of his perch as the most talked-about politician on the largest social media platform in the world . According to the exclusive Facebook-CNN Election Talk Meter , Republican Rep. Paul Ryan , in the first 54 hours after being announced as Mitt Romney 's vice-presidential running mate , sucked up the political oxygen in the social media landscape -- with the Beltway topping the buzz and his home state of Wisconsin close behind . What caught our eye ? The swing states of Virginia  where Ryan was announced  and New Hampshire were also high on the list : Facebook-CNN talk meter scores 1 . Rep. Paul Ryan 5.21 2 . President Barack Obama 4.84 3 . Vice President Joe Biden 4.01 4 . Gov. Mitt Romney 3.74 For perspective , when Michael Phelps became the most decorated Olympian in history on July 31 , he registered a 6.51 on the same 1-10 scale . Top 10 states + D.C. buzzing about Ryan 1 . Washington , D.C. 2 . Wisconsin 3 . Virginia 4 . New Hampshire 5 . Maryland 6 . Minnesota 7 . Massachusetts 8 . Utah 9 . Vermont 10 . North Carolina Note : The talk meter calculates a jump in buzz , so Ryan 's relative anonymity helped him jump up the talk meter scale . Yet the growth was n't just in buzz , but also in "  likes " -- the Facebook term for social approval which enables people to follow your moves closely and voice their support to their social networks . Ryan 's new fan page has grown from zero to more than half a million fans , already topping that of the sitting vice president , Joe Biden . Facebook fan growth at publication time Barack Obama • 27.8 million fans currently • Since August 1 : Added 150,000 fans  +0.5 % • Since Saturday : Added 9,900 fans  +0.03 % Joe Biden • 355,000 fans currently • Since August 1 : Added 4,200 fans  +1.2 % • Since Saturday : Added 728 fans  +0.2 % Mitt Romney • 4.1 million fans currently • Since August 1 : Added 906,600 fans  +28.3 % • Since Saturday : Added 111,400 fans  +2.8 % Paul Ryan • 501,000 fans currently • Since August : Fan page did n't exist • On Saturday : Added 222,100 fans • Since Saturday : Added 237,900 fans  +107.1 % Fans by state Barack Obama 1 . California 2 . New York 3 . Texas 4 . Florida 5 . Illinois Joe Biden 1 . California 2 . New York 3 . Florida 4 . Texas 5 . Illinois Mitt Romney 1 . Texas 2 . California 3 . Florida 4 . Georgia 5 . Ohio Paul Ryan 1 . Texas 2 . Florida 3 . California 4 . North Carolina 5 . Wisconsin We often say we write about demographics , not politics . Thus it comes as no surprise that we are once again writing about the gender gap and the age gap in this election -- something that the insights from Facebook reveal also exist online . Gender and age breakdown of Facebook fans Barack Obama Average age : 28 Male : 51 % Female : 49 % Joe Biden Average age : 35 Male : 51 % Female : 49 % Mitt Romney Average age : 46 Male : 50 % Female : 50 % Paul Ryan VP Average age : 43 Male : 63 % Female : 37 % How this translates to the election will be something we keep our eye on from now until November . It 's staggering when you put it in historical perspective : Today there are 160 million monthly active users on Facebook in the United States -- more than half the U.S. population . In 2008 , there were 35 million monthly active users .	Since being announced as Romney 's running mate , Ryan has dominated social media Ryan 's relative anonymity before being picked helped him jump up the scale Ryan 's Facebook fans skew more toward males and older
President Barack Obama and his certain Republican opponent in November , Mitt Romney , shifted to full general election mode Wednesday , portraying each other as threats to future American progress as their campaigns engaged in a "  war over women " indicative of what to expect for the next seven months . A day after his path to the GOP nomination cleared by chief rival Rick Santorum 's withdrawal , Romney sought to reverse a gender gap problem by attacking Obama 's economic policies as bad for women . According to a Washington Post/ABC News poll released Tuesday , Romney trails well behind Obama among women voters -- a result also seen in recent Gallup and CNN/ORC polls . Obama had the support of 57 % of women , compared with 38 % who said they backed Romney , while Romney had the backing of 52 % of men , compared with 44 % who backed Obama , the survey found . In a speech in Delaware at a woman-owned small business , Romney referred Wednesday to a Democratic attack line that Republicans were waging a "  war on women " through socially conservative policies involving abortion , health care and other issues by saying : "  The real war on women is being waged by the president 's failed economic policies . " "  Now the president says , ` Oh I did n't cause this recession . ' That 's true , " Romney said . "  He just made it worse , and made it last longer . And because it lasted longer , more and more women lost jobs , such that in his three-and-a-half years , 92.3 % of the people who lost jobs have been women . His failures have hurt women . " However , the nonpartisan website PolitiFact.com rated the 92.3 % job loss statement "  mostly false , " saying it included figures from the beginning of the Obama administration , before his policies could take effect . In addition , PolitiFact.com said the figure failed to reflect a historical pattern of recessions first causing unemployment in traditionally male-dominated industries such as construction , and then later affecting fields with larger percentages of female workers . The Romney campaign later provided a copy of a letter it sent to PolitiFact.com that challenged the "  mostly false " rating . An analysis of federal labor statistics shows that the Romney claim is technically true but lacks important context . The number of nonfarm-employed women from January 2009 , when Obama took office , to March 2012 fell far more than the number of employed men in that period . The total job loss for the period for both men and women combined was 740,000 . The number of women who lost nonfarm jobs in that time span was 683,000 , according to figures from the Bureau of Labor Statistics . That amounts to 92.3 % -- the figure Romney cited . However , the statistic does not reflect that men constituted a much larger chunk of the job loss pie in the year leading up to Obama 's inauguration . In the 2008 calendar year , men lost a total of 2.7 million nonfarm jobs , compared with 895,000 jobs lost for women . Men made up 75.4 % of the 3.6 million jobs lost that year . Romney 's claim also does not reflect that the job losses for women began in March 2008 , almost a full year before Obama took office . At that point , women held a total of 67.3 million nonfarm payroll jobs , the highest level of female employment of the Bush administration . From that high point , the number of women with nonfarm payroll jobs fell for 23 consecutive months , spanning from the final 10 months of the Bush administration and first 13 months of the Obama administration . Since February 2010 , women have actually gained 863,000 jobs . Meanwhile , a Romney adviser initially hesitated when asked if Romney supported the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Restoration Act that expands workers ' rights to sue in the event of a pay discrepancy between a man and a woman . "  We 'll get back to you on that , " Romney Campaign Policy Director Lanhee Chen told reporters . A Romney campaign statement afterward said the candidate supported pay equity for women , but it did not specifically say he backed the 2009 Ledbetter law . The Obama campaign immediately fired back , issuing a statement from Ledbetter that criticized Romney for failing to "  stand up for women and their families . " "  Anyone who wants to be president of the United States should n't have to think about whether they support pursuing every possible avenue to ensuring women get the same pay for the same work as men , " Ledbetter said in the statement . A Romney campaign official later said that the candidate had no plans to change the current pay equity laws if elected . David Axelrod , the senior adviser to Obama 's campaign , called it a "  tough day " for Romney 's efforts to repair damage with women voters stemming from the Republican primary campaign . Axelrod dubbed the those efforts the "  Mitt Rehab with Women Tour " in a Twitter post . Obama , meanwhile , continued his push for Congress to pass a tax measure that would ensure that millionaires -- like Romney -- pay a higher tax rate than middle-class workers . "  It 's just plain wrong that middle-class Americans pay a higher share of their income in taxes than some millionaires and billionaires , " Obama told a White House event , flanked by millionaires who support the proposed measure . Republicans want to cut taxes for the wealthy , which would mean cutting spending on programs that spur economic growth and benefit the middle class , senior citizens and the poor , Obama argued . "  They want to double down on some of the inequities that already exist in the tax code , " he said , adding that such a step means "  either you 've got to borrow more money to pay down a deeper deficit , or you 've got to demand deeper sacrifices from the middle class and you 've got to cut investments that help us grow as an economy . " Citing "  significant " deficits and the need to be competitive in the 21st century 's "  technologically integrated economy , " Obama said : "  We ca n't afford to keep spending more money on tax cuts for wealthy Americans who do n't need them and were n't even asking for them . " In a swipe at GOP economic policy , Obama added : "  In America , prosperity has never just trickled down from the wealthy few . " Also Wednesday , the Obama campaign released a video highlighting Romney 's conservative stances on issues such as abortion rights , health care reform and immigration reform . The video concludes with Romney 's declaration on the campaign trail that he was "  a severely conservative Republican governor . " The competing messages were attempts by both sides to frame what is expected to be a close and vicious general election campaign in a favorable perspective . Obama portrays Romney and Republicans as protectors of the wealthy at the expense of the middle class , while Romney and his party say Obama has stifled economic recovery and failed to effectively tackle deficit reduction . Romney still needs to win several hundred delegates to clinch the GOP nomination , but Santorum was his top remaining challenger , and Tuesday 's announcement that Santorum suspended his campaign leaves Romney 's path free of obstacles . However , Romney 's campaign still struggles to generate enthusiasm among the GOP conservative base , which questions his more moderate stances as Massachusetts governor . Sources said Romney wants Santorum -- who had strong support among social conservatives , including Christian evangelicals -- to quickly endorse his campaign . While Romney and Santorum aides said the former U.S. senator from Pennsylvania will work to defeat Obama , it was unclear when or if Santorum would offer a full-throated endorsement for Romney . In his announcement Tuesday that he was suspending his campaign , Santorum never mentioned Romney . "  I expect when I finally become the nominee , and I hope that happens soon , that we 'll be campaigning together , we 'll be working together , " Romney said Wednesday . "  We share very much the same beliefs about the course the nation must take and the fact that under this president , America is not going in the right direction . " Santorum has consistently said Republicans needed a true conservative candidate -- himself -- to defeat Obama , and he has relentlessly attacked Romney 's support for health care reforms in Massachusetts that included a mandate for coverage similar to the 2010 federal health care law despised by conservatives . Romney said he would try to attract Santorum 's evangelical and socially conservative supporters by leveraging appearances with the former candidate . "  We campaign together and make sure we see these people and get a chance to talk to them about issues that all Americans care about , " Romney said . "  I think you see our party , and you will see our party more united than it 's been in a long , long time , in part because President Obama has taken America in such a different course than we have ever gone as a nation before . " Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Texas Rep. Ron Paul , the other Republican challengers who trail far back , said they intended to stay in the race to the GOP convention in August . The Obama campaign immediately took aim at Romney after Santorum 's announcement , with campaign manager Jim Messina saying it was "  no surprise that Mitt Romney finally was able to grind down his opponents under an avalanche of negative ads . " "  The more the American people see of Mitt Romney , the less they like him and the less they trust him , " Messina said in a statement . "  While calling himself the ` ideal candidate ' for the tea party , he has promised to return to the same policies that created the economic crisis and has alienated women , middle-class families and Hispanic Americans . " CNN 's latest estimate of the GOP delegate tally shows Romney with 659 , Santorum with 275 , Gingrich with 140 and Paul with 71 . It takes 1,144 delegates to clinch the nomination . New York , Connecticut , Rhode Island and Delaware vote on April 24 , in addition to Pennsylvania . In all , 231 delegates are up for grabs in the five states . The goal now for Gingrich and Paul is to prevent Romney from reaching the 1,144-delegate threshold before the convention . On Wednesday , though , Gingrich spent time explaining how a technical glitch caused his campaign to bounce a $ 500 check for Utah primary election fees .	Mitt Romney seeks to fix his gender gap problem against President Obama With Rick Santorum 's withdrawal , the campaign shifts to general election mode Obama continues his push for millionaires to pay higher taxes An Obama campaign video highlights Romney 's conservative stances
CNN  -- The Caribbean -- home to cerulean waters , vibrant coral reefs and sugar-white beaches -- is a near-perfect vacation destination , especially when it 's arctic cold at home . There is just one problem : Everyone you know wants to go there . How to lose the crowds when seeking an ideal tropical getaway ? Forget well-traveled spots , where the sprawling hotels are thicker than coconut palms . If you really want to leave the only footprints in the sand , go to one of the Caribbean 's lesser-known islands . Petit St. Vincent , for example , a gem-like private island resort in the Grenadines , falls happily under the radar compared to its sister island , Mustique . "  We recently had a guest who wanted complete privacy for the two weeks that he was here , " says Matt Semark , general manager of Petit St. Vincent . "  That 's no problem at a place like this . " The guest , Semark says , sunned and swam at the hidden slice of beach fronting his hibiscus-edged cottage , took all his meals on his own spacious deck and was n't faced with one other guest during his stay . Departures : Stunning hotel plunge pools While not every under-hyped Caribbean island can offer that level of solitude , there are many that hit the mark or come close . Here are seven peaceful escapes : Cayo Espanto Just off the coast of Belize , this diminutive private island -- at just four acres , it contains six luxe private villas and one overwater bungalow -- has hosted a staggering list of seclusion-seeking A-listers  Tiger Woods and Leonardo DiCaprio among them  . As befits such a clientele , every aspect of the experience here can be tailored to guests ' whims . The chef customizes daily menus , and staffers arrange outings like guided bird-watching treks , tours of Mayan ruins and beachside aromatherapy couples ' massages . Rooms start at $ 1,495 ; 910-323-8355 ; aprivateisland.com . 7 private island rentals Dominica Part of the Lesser Antilles , this large , jungle-covered island  much of which is a protected nature preserve  attracts mostly in-the-know ecotravelers . Stay at two-year-old Secret Bay  rooms from $ 360 ; 767-445-4444 ; secretbay.dm  , set on a clifftop on the island 's northwestern coast between two equally dazzling swimming beaches .  One has a hidden cave .  Guests stay in one of five tree house-style villas and bungalows , all built of Guyanese wood with floor-to-ceiling windows and outdoor showers . Activities include guided nature hikes , kayak expeditions and yoga in an open-air pavilion . Departures : Top private movie theaters Guana Island The 850 acres that comprise this British Virgin Island are home to more than 50 bird , 14 reptile and 200 plant and insect species , not to mention the myriad sea creatures that inhabit its waters .  The land is a protected wildlife sanctuary .  Guana 's single private resort maintains some 12 miles of walking trails that allow guests to explore its tropical forests , seven beaches and sugar-plantation ruins on foot . The resort houses just 19 cottages and five lavish villas  the latter have private pools  , along with a terrace restaurant , a small water-sport center and a bar for those who want to socialize . Rooms start at $ 695 ; 212-482-6247 ; guana.com . Isla Holbox Despite its proximity to the perpetually thronged Riviera Maya , this 25-mile-long island off the northern tip of Mexico 's YucatÃ ¡ n Peninsula has managed to stay sleepily unspoiled . Surprising , given that Isla Holbox is one of the best places on earth to snorkel among whale sharks -- enormous , harmless creatures that migrate to the waters here each year between June and September . Of the 20-odd lodging options , CasaSandra  rooms from $ 233 ; 52-984/875 -2171  -- an elegant , 18-suite Mr & Mrs Smith resort with a top-notch seafood restaurant and daily whale-shark boat trips -- leads the charge . Departures : 10 top guest ranches Kamalame Cay Occupying a pristine , 96-acre private island off the north coast of Andros in the Bahamas , this boutique resort is still run by the same family that built it in the 1990s . The property , though , epitomizes modern barefoot chic , encompassing 19 breezy rooms and suites -- most with French doors , soaring Balinese-style peaked roofs and verandas overlooking the beach . The island sits adjacent to the Andros Barrier Reef  the third largest in the world  , which teems with sea life ; guests can explore with scuba and snorkeling excursions from the on-site dive center , guided half - or full-day bonefishing trips or borrowed kayaks from the resort 's fleet . Rooms start at $ 407 ; 876-632-3213 ; kamalame.com . Peter Island Though it 's one of the largest British Virgin Islands , the nearly 2,000-acre Peter Island is private , unlike many of its neighbors . Yet its eponymous resort offers the sorts of amenities one would find at much larger properties , including a full-service , 15-slip yacht club ; a 10,000-square-foot Ayurvedic spa ; a dive shop and water-sports center ; and several restaurants and bars  one of which hosts a weekly vintner 's dinner  . Many of the 55 spacious rooms , suites and villas are set directly off the stunning sweep of Deadman 's Beach . Rooms start at $ 385 ; 800-346-4451 ; peterisland.com . Petit St. Vincent Part of the Grenadines , this 115-acre private island resort is a luxurious place to unplug . There are no phones or Internet connectivity in the 22 seaside stone-and-timber villas , nor at the casual beach bar or the sumptuous tree-house spa or along the nearly two miles of shoreline .  There is , however , WiFi at the hilltop restaurant and reception area .  Instead of checking e-mails or uploading Instagram photos , guests can enjoy cruises aboard the resort 's lovely traditional wood sailing sloop , snorkeling with sea turtles in the nearby Tobago Cays or lazing in one of the property 's ubiquitous shady hammocks . Rooms start at $ 1,100 ; 954-963-7401 ; petitstvincent.com . © 2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Head to a lesser-known island for some peace and quiet in the Caribbean Cayo Espanto is a luxury resort island just off the coast of Belize Guana Island 's single private resort maintains some 12 miles of walking trails
CNN  -- A man suspected of killing five members of his family and wounding another on Thursday committed suicide after police surrounded him in a house , police in Cleveland , Ohio , said Friday . Police say Davon Crawford , 33 , killed his new wife , her sister and three children . Acting on a tip , police surrounded the house and then entered it after seeing a man who matched the description of suspect Davon Crawford briefly step outside , police spokesman Lt. Thomas Stacho said . "  They confronted the male hiding in a bathroom , " Stacho said . "  When he spotted the agents , then he took his own life . " Cleveland police launched a manhunt Thursday for Crawford , 33 , suspected of killing his new wife , Lechea Crawford , 30 ; her sister , Rose Stevens , 25 ; and three of Stevens ' children , Destiny Woods , 5 , and 2-year-old twins Dion and Davion Primm . A 7-year-old boy was shot and hospitalized , Julie Short , a spokeswoman for MetroHealth Medical Center , said Friday . The boy 's grandfather told CNN affiliate WEWS that the boy was in stable condition and talking after having been shot in the shoulder . A fourth child , a 12-year-old boy , managed to escape , WKYC reported . The Cleveland Plain Dealer also reported that a 2-month-old girl , the daughter of Davon and Lechea Crawford , escaped the shooting unharmed and is being cared for . Police began searching for Crawford , 33 , Thursday night after receiving a call around 8 p.m. to the upper floor of a duplex . "  It looks like it was some type of domestic argument that sparked this tragedy , " Police Chief Michael McGrath said Friday . The CNN Radio Network contributed to this story .	NEW : Davon Crawford shoots self after police find him in bathroom Crawford was accused of shooting wife , her sister and her three children 12-year-old escaped ; 7-year-old in hospital after being shot "  Domestic argument " may have sparked shooting , police chief says
CNN  -- You do n't have to be an expert to ask yourself the question : How in the world , with today 's technology , can a commercial airplane go missing ? It 's a question , but also an expression of disbelief . Those who get lost driving can use GPS . If you lose your iPhone , there 's an app to track it down . Scientists successfully plotted the course for a spacecraft that landed on a speeding comet . But something goes wrong aboard a 123-foot , 67-ton passenger jet , and rescuers must resort to scouring the ocean ? "  Why is it easier to find an iPhone  than  to find a plane ? " one Twitter user , Catalina Buitano , asked . There are dozens of similar questions on social media . They hint at the same sentiment : In a world where people 's locations are tracked for everything from map apps to what ads appear on a Web browser , why does Big Brother 's gaze avoid the skies ? "  Why , in this day and age , do we rely on the physical recovery of black boxes ? Flight data should be continuously streamed to the cloud , " read a tweet by Jacob Rossi . Of course , this question has been asked before . The disappearance of AirAsia Flight 8501 on Sunday was the second time this year that a plane vanished . Debris from the Airbus A320-200 has been found , the airline said Tuesday , and two bodies have been found . Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 vanished , too , and remains missing 10 months later . At that time , Jim Hall , the former head of the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board , called for upgrades to the tracking capabilities of planes that fly for extended periods over water . The airline industry has invested billions of dollars in safety features , "  yet many allow their aircraft to fall off any direct tracking capability as they fly over vast ocean distances and remote locations , confident that these planes will occasionally check in and reappear as they near the other side of the blacked-out area , " Hall wrote . In a preliminary report on MH370 , Malaysian aviation authorities recommended that the International Civil Aviation Organization look into the benefits of introducing a standard for real-time tracking of commercial aircraft . The technology exists to track flight data in real time , but even after tragedies such as MH370 , cost and government bureaucracy are cited as obstacles to implementation . "  Millions of us can be located immediately through technology in our handheld cell phones , but a 300,000-pound Boeing 777 with 239 souls on board disappears from the face of the Earth , " Hall wrote , referring to MH370 . "  NASA has the capability of photographing stars billions of light-years away , and yet our best minds are forced to guess where this plane might be . " Another Twitter user phrased the thought this way : "  If we have astronauts reaching safely the International Space Station , why do we still have missing planes on Earth ? " CNN aviation analyst Mary Schiavo says it is time for world leaders to take concrete action on upgrading technology for tracking planes . Making recommendations is n't enough , she said . There need to be laws . "  I think at this day and age , there 's really no excuse for  not having real-time tracking  , " Schiavo said on CNN 's "  New Day " on Monday . "  I mean , the kind of technology , it 's already here . We do n't have to wait to develop it . Those planes could be sending out continuous signals . " Two companies with products on the market for real-time streaming are Flyht and Star Navigation Systems . But the technology is not catching on with major carriers . Cost has been the biggest hurdle , though the technology is slowly finding its way onto airplanes , said Seth Kaplan , managing partner at Airline Weekly . Airlines have lobbied for governments to contribute money to equipping planes with new technology , arguing that it is not just an airline issue , but a national security consideration . The question of who will pay for the technology is beginning to get answered , but not as quickly as travelers would like to see , Kaplan said . So , those in disbelief are not alone in wondering how in today 's world a plane could simply get lost . It 's just not an easy question to answer .	NEW : Debris from AirAsia flight has been recovered , officials say ; two bodies found The question : How can we lose a plane ? There is pressure for new technology to be installed on planes But there are obstacles that remain
CNN  -- Henry Olszewski was stoked in 2008 when he , along with millions of Americans , drafted New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady to his fantasy football team . Tom Brady 's season-ending knee injury last year sparked an idea at Intermarket Insurance . About eight minutes into the season , a 220-pound safety was blocked into Brady 's knee , tearing two of the quarterback 's ligaments . Brady 's season ended , as did Olszewski 's . "  That Monday , -LSB- Olszewski -RSB- came in the office , and he was bummed out , " said Anthony Giaccone , president of Intermarket Insurance . "  He asked , ` Why ca n't we buy insurance for fantasy team players ? ' " Thus spawned the brainchild for Fantasy Sports Insurance , which guarantees that NFL players wo n't miss a certain number of games . FSI will reimburse a fantasy player 's entry fee if they do . It 's one of a blitz of bizarre businesses cropping up in the $ 800 million industry of turning quarterback stats to greenbacks , said Paul Charchian , president of the Fantasy Sports Trade Association . See fantasy football 's top 10 prospects " Charchian is familiar with the wellspring of offbeat companies fueled by the fantasy football craze ; he owns LeagueSafe , which stores league entry fees in a bank until it issues a payout to the winner at season 's end . Other specialty businesses , he said , range from the obvious , such as trophy companies , to the esoteric , such as fantasy dispute resolution . You read the last one correctly . Web sites like fantasydispute.com and sportsjudge.com offer to mitigate fretful fantasy feuds . Think there was collusion in a trade or your league commissioner is playing favorites ? Write up your dispute and send it to one of the sites . For $ 15 , a lawyer will settle your quibble . For the uninitiated : Fantasy football players generally "  draft " NFL quarterbacks , running backs , wide receivers , tight ends and team defenses and use their statistics each week to score points in head-to-head matchups . Countless variations have proliferated , as have magazines and Web sites beholden only to fantasy players . Sort the top picks by position at SI.com The NFL has introduced the RedZone Channel , which flips between games where a team is on the verge of scoring , CBSsports.com has launched a live Web show called "  Fantasy Football Today , " and cable 's FX is scheduled to air a sitcom based on a fantasy football league this year . The stakes have skyrocketed as well . The World Championship of Football offers a $ 300,000 top prize . The Fantasy Football Open Championship 's is $ 1 million . The Wall Street Journal reported last year that a group of well-heeled financiers has a 10-team league with a $ 100,000 entry fee . A June study by the research company Ipsos says three in 20 American men  and one in 20 women  play some fantasy sport . "  It takes the fans of one sports team and makes them interested in every game that 's happening , " said Jason Kint , senior vice president and general manager for CBSsports.com . "  It 's a welcome escape , as much of sports is right now . " Not all fans are enamored , however . ESPN 's Colin Cowherd explained his aversion on his radio show last month , saying fantasy football was too time-consuming and , in his experience , for "  total nerds and geeks . " "  I 'm a gambler , lived in Vegas . My friends are gamblers . We do n't play fantasy football , " he said . "  We 're busy . We have jobs . We have careers . We have lives . We do n't have time for three-hour draft parties and an hour or two on the computer every week to update our fullback situation . " But more than 22 million Americans and Canadians do , Charchian said , and the economic downturn does n't seem to be sacking the industry . "  It 's hard to get out . It 's enmeshed in your social circle , " he explained . Also , with most leagues costing less than $ 10 a week and with the average player spending nine hours weekly researching and tweaking his or her roster , "  the dollar-per-entertainment value is really advantageous , " Charchian said . Fantasy players at CBSsports.com spent an average of 102 minutes per visit on the site , according to Nielsen data from last year . The site has more users willing to pay to play , whereas competitors like NFL.com and Yahoo! host predominantly free games , "  so it 's more meaningful to them , " Kint said . Kint could not divulge specific figures but said "  millions " play CBSsports.com 's free and pay games . Entry fees and related fantasy products make up about 30 percent of the site 's non-advertising revenue , he said . Advertisers are getting wise to the "  coveted market , " comprised largely of young , educated males , Kint said , as evidenced by the site 's partnerships with Ford , Snickers , Buffalo Wild Wings and Dave & Buster 's . "  When people are down and depressed , they look for escapes . Fantasy football fills that void like booze and anything else that kind of distracts you , " said Ed Reichow , owner of Titlecraft , which builds custom trophies only for fantasy footballers . Reichow had the idea after a decade of making trophies for his personal fantasy league . He sold 70 trophies in his first year and is on track to sell more than 100 this year . They are handcrafted from materials such as cherry , Carpathian elm and Swarovski crystal and range in price from $ 129 to $ 799 , he said . "  It 's something you can really pass down if you want to , " he said . "  And the wife is n't going to get upset if you put it on the mantle , because it 's nicer than some of the furniture in the room . " But what would the wife think about buying insurance policies on your fantasy football players ? Some spouses must be OK with it because , FSI 's Giaccone reported , business has been threefold what he expected -- this , despite that it costs considerably more , percentagewise , to insure a fantasy quarterback than it does a real quarterback . Chris Nash , an underwriter with Australia-based Sportscover , which insures athletes , said the average U.S. football player pays up to 4 percent of the sum insured . FSI 's products range between 10 percent and 15 percent of the league entry fee . Despite the contrast , Giaccone described fantasy insurance as a must-have for fantasy die-hards . He went so far as to question the sanity of some fantasy players who might ignore his product . "  If you are playing fantasy sports and you have Tom Brady on your team , you 'd be crazy not to insure him , " he said .	Magazines , Web sites , TV shows spin off $ 800 million fantasy football industry Two sites offer real lawyers to settle fantasy-sports disputes for $ 15 each Experts : Game provides cheap entertainment , "  welcome escape " from hard times Prizes include $ 1 million , trophies made of Carpathian elm , Swarovski crystal
CNN  -- Doctors are "  satisfied " with Nelson Mandela 's progress three days after he underwent endoscopic surgery to remove gall stones , but he will remain under their care for the time being , the office of the South African president said in a statement Tuesday . According to the statement , doctors said "  there is no crisis , but add that they are in no hurry to send him home just yet until they are satisfied that he has made sufficient progress . " "  We urge the public to continue supporting Madiba , but at the same time to understand that he is 94 years old and needs extraordinary care , " the South African presidency said . "  If he spends more days in the hospital , it is because that necessary care is being provided . " Read more : Nelson Mandela has lung infection Mandela , who has been hospitalized for 11 days because of a recurring lung infection , has not appeared in public since the 2010 World Cup hosted by South Africa . The former president gets round-the-clock care since abdominal surgery this year and an acute respiratory infection in 2011 . According to the statement , presidential spokesperson Mac Maharaj went to see the former president Tuesday and reported , "  He is looking much better , " and that the former president asked , "  Mac , what are you doing here ? " "  I asked him not give doctors any trouble , " Maharaj said . The Nobel Peace Prize winner spent 27 years in prison for fighting against oppression of blacks in South Africa . He became the nation 's first black president in 1994 , four years after he was freed . South Africa last month launched a new batch of banknotes with a picture of a smiling Mandela on the front .	Nelson Mandela underwent a procedure to remove gall stones on Saturday Mandela , 94 , still requires "  extraordinary care , " the South African presidency says The Nobel laureate has been hospitalized for 11 days A presidential spokesperson says he joked with the former president during a visit Tuesday
CNN  -- The commander of a military base has broad jurisdiction over the facility , including public roads and a special protest zone located on it , the Supreme Court decided Wednesday . The justices unanimously ruled against Dennis Apel , a longtime critic of U.S. military policy who for 17 years has protested around Vandenberg Air Force Base in California . The court 's reading of federal law "  reaches all property within the defined boundaries of a military place that is under the command of a military officer , " said Chief Justice John Roberts . The power to secure portions of the base more tightly than others does "  not change when the commander invites the public to use a portion of the base for a road , a school , a bus stop , or a protest area , especially when the commander reserves authority to protect military property by , among other things , excluding vandals and trespassers . " Apel 's message of peace and the conflict it has created with Obama administration officials was at the heart of this free speech and boundary dispute . At issue was whether someone previously barred from a military base may be convicted under federal law for later "  peacefully protesting " on a public road easement along the enclosed high-security facility . The appeal presented a fact-specific inquiry into such issues as "  concurrent " government jurisdiction , public forums , and the limits of "  exclusive control " asserted by the military . While the court 's ruling was a temporary setback for Apel , it did not address his larger contention that the federal law in question was unconstitutional . That issue will continue to percolate in the lower federal courts , and may yet give the 63-year-old man a right to return to Vandenberg , where location is integral to his message . Apel and wife , Tensie Hernandez-Apel , founded Beatitude Catholic Worker House in Guadalupe , California , about a half-hour away from the base , which is along the Pacific Ocean , northwest of Santa Barbara . The Vandenberg high-tech facility launches military satellites , operates aeronautical and space surveillance missions , and tests a variety of sophisticated weapons systems , including intercontinental ballistic missiles . Running through its eastern boundary are state Highways 1 and 246 , open to the traveling public . The federal government owns and operates the base , but the state and county have held a "  use easement " for more than a half-century , and they maintain the roads . Concurrent jurisdiction gives a measure of control of the narrow strip of land to all three entities . The Apels and their supporters from Pacific Life Community , a group that opposes nuclear weapons , had conducted monthly peace vigils in a special open "  protest zone " created along the Pacific Coast Highway bisecting the base . A special green line is designed to mark an off-limits area . Vandenberg 's commanding officer in 2003 issued a "  barment order " against Dennis Apel after he was arrested for trespassing and vandalism , including throwing blood on a base sign . A second "  bar letter " was given four years later , after another trespassing incident . In 2010 , with the ban still in effect , Apel again entered the protest zone on repeated occasions , was told to leave , and was then escorted off the property . He says he has been arrested about 15 times . He sought to block the misdemeanor counts on free speech and other legal grounds . A federal appeals court eventually ruled in his favor , saying the special protest zone was not an area under the military 's "  exclusive right of possession . " The Justice Department then asked the Supreme Court to intervene , which has now ruled in the government 's favor . At the December oral argument and in its subsequent written ruling , the court rebuffed efforts by Apel and his attorneys to make this a predominately First Amendment case , and in effect limit a military commander 's discretion . "  We decline Apel 's invitation to require civilian judges to examine U. S. military sites around the world , parcel by parcel , to determine which have roads , which have fences , and which have a sufficiently important , persistent military purpose , " said Roberts . "  The use-it-or-lose-it rule that Apel proposes would frustrate the administration of military facilities and raise difficult questions for judges , who are not expert in military operations . And it would discourage commanders from opening portions of their bases for the convenience of the public , " he said . But Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , while agreeing the base commander had authority to control any portion of the base within its borders , nevertheless suggested Apel 's broader constitutional claims over his removal order may have merit . "  It is questionable whether Apel 's ouster from the protest area can withstand constitutional review , " she said . "  The court has properly reserved that issue for consideration on remand , " meaning Apel may yet get another opportunity before the nation 's highest court someday . As for Apel , he told CNN his fight will continue . "  They 're denying my right to dissent on their base , " he said . "  They 're systematically trying to keep me out there , but I 'm not going away . " The case is U.S. v. Apel  12-1038  .	Supreme Court rules military has broad jurisdiction over public spaces on bases The justices unanimously rule against a critic of U.S. military policy That issue will continue to percolate in the lower federal courts
CNN  -- A former Colombian model wanted on drug trafficking charges was captured Wednesday in Argentina , a spokesman for the Argentina Airport Security Police said . Angela Sanclemente , 30 , was picked up the K-Lodges Hostel in Buenos Aires ' Palermo neighborhood , police spokesman Maximiliano Lencina told reporters Wednesday afternoon . Lencina said Sanclemente was registered at the hostel -- popular with foreign university students -- under the name "  Annie " and had told people at the hostel she was from Mexico . She had dyed her brown hair to blonde and was alone in the hostel when detained . Lencina said Sanclemente has been in touch with her lawyer and will be questioned on Thursday by an Argentine federal judge . She will be transported Wednesday afternoon from the hostel to Airport Security Police offices at the Ezeiza International Airport , he said . Interpol issued an international arrest warrant for Sanclemente in March . Investigators at the time said they believed she might be in Argentina , where authorities suspected she may be the "  queen-pin " of an international operation that uses models as drug mules to move suitcases loaded with cocaine out of the Buenos Aires airport . "  We believe she played an important role in the drug trafficking organization , " said Lencina . Argentine authorities had already detained several alleged members of the trafficking gang , and sources told CNN that some of those arrested named Sanclemente and her Argentine male model boyfriend -- now in custody -- as ringleaders . In Facebook messages posted earlier this year , Sanclemente maintained her innocence . "  I 'm very sad and hurt by the bad information . I do n't know how the press can destroy an innocent person , " she wrote . "  I do n't want to go to jail . I do n't deserve it . I am innocent . " Sanclemente 's mother , Yaneth Valencia , arrived at the hostel , where she was denied permisssion to see her daughter . She told reporters outside the hostel that "  there is a plot against her . " "  They are using my daughter , " she said , without specifiying who she meant . "  My daughter is innocent . " She told the reporters that she would be "  happy to give you an interview in a studio , " but would charge them , "  because I need the money to help my daughter . " Sanclemente first hit the headlines in 2000 when she was 20 . She won Colombia 's prestigious Queen of Coffee beauty pageant . Victory was short-lived . Judges dethroned her after two days when they found she had been married , contrary to competition rules . That marriage -- to a Barranquilla , Colombia , businessman -- lasted three months in 1998 . He paid for her to study journalism at Barranquilla 's university . A university friend , who did not want to be named for fear of reprisals , said Sanclemente dropped out of college after three semesters and spent tuition fees on silicone breast implants instead . That friend said Sanclemente idolized Colombia 's then-top model Natalia Paris . She dyed her hair blond and imitated Paris ' distinctive accent to appear more like her . Paris married a drug trafficker turned DEA informant , known as Julio Correa . He was killed in 2001 by his former associates when he returned to Colombia from Miami , Florida . Drug underworld sources said he was cut up in a meat grinder . Sanclemente left Colombia around 2005 and headed to Mexico , where she continued to pick up modeling assignments and bit-part roles as a TV actress , according to friends . CNN 's Brian Byrnes and Karl Penhaul contributed to this story .	Colombian Angela Sanclemente arrested at Buenos Aires hostel She is suspected head of international operation that uses models as drug mules Interpol issued an international arrest warrant for Sanclemente in March Model 's mother arrives at hostel , tells media "  My daughter is innocent "
CNN  -- The man trying to prosecute a Brazilian soccer goalie and eight other people on murder charges in the case of a missing woman said Thursday that even though police have not found a body , he will proceed . "  There 's no need to find the corpse to prove the death . There are many other ways to prove death . In case the corpse is found , only one proof is needed , which is the autopsy report . But in this case , all other proofs will be united and suppress the need of an autopsy report , " prosecutor Gustavo Fabrini said . Goalie Bruno Fernandes Das Dores de Souza 's new attorney , Ercio Quaresma , said it 's "  irresponsible " to charge the nine suspects with corpse concealment , since no body has been found . "  It 's an inconsequence to sign something like that not having concrete proof , " Quaresma said . The goalie , his lover and his wife were among the nine people charged with the murder of his former girlfriend , who had been trying to prove he had fathered her son . The prosecutor filed the charges against de Souza and eight others in Contagem , Brazil , on Wednesday . Charges include murder , kidnapping , imprisonment , concealment of a corpse , and corruption of a minor . Eliza Samudio , 25 , remains missing two months after she was last reported seen . A former policeman , Marcos Aparecido dos Santos , was also charged with murder and concealment of a corpse in the case . Fabrini said Thursday that none of the nine suspects is being accused of conspiracy , contradicting what police had previously said . The other seven suspects were named as Luiz Henrique Ferreira Romao , Fernanda Gomes de Castro , Dayanne Souza , Elenilson Vitor da Silva , Sergio Rosa Sales , Wemerson Marques de Souza and Flavio Caetano de Araujo . All of the suspects are in jail , except for one , who is being sought . Souza 's 17-year-old cousin told police the woman was killed . The teen said Souza watched as the missing woman was asphyxiated , mutilated and fed to dogs , local police investigator Wagner Pinto told reporters last month . Quaresma has said his client denies all the accusations and de Souza will not answer any questions for now . "  He has not spoken and he wo n't speak until the defense decides he needs to speak , " the lawyer said . "  And that might not happen . " Samudio was trying to prove that the goalie had fathered her infant son , who is currently being cared for by her mother , police said . The football star was last seen with Samudio in June as they headed for his country home in the state of Minas Gerais . The police investigator described her death to reporters last month . "  They tied her hands , and this other individual strangled her , " Pinto said , referring to Santos . "  Later they de-boned and disemboweled her . " The woman 's body was taken to an undisclosed location , where her remains were fed to several Rottweilers , police said . Quaresma decried the accusations . "  Are the Rottweilers being charged , too ? " he asked reporters . Souza 's former attorney , Michel Assef Filho , said last month that the goalie has "  no knowledge of the facts . He is astonished and scared by his cousin 's testimony and that 's it . " Filho stopped representing Souza when the Flamengo Club suspended Souza 's contract . The attorney works on behalf of the soccer club . The Flamengo Club said it suspended the goalie 's contract until all facts are known . Journalist Luciani Gomes contributed to this report .	NEW : The prosecutor says the lack of a corpse will not hinder prosecution A Brazilian soccer goalie is among nine people charged Police : Eliza Samudio , 25 , was last seen in June Suspect 's lawyer says the goalie will not answer questions about his alleged involvement
CNN  Lois Lilienstein , co-star of "  Sharon , Lois & Bram 's Elephant Show " -- the Canadian preschool show that ran on Nickelodeon during the early 1990s -- has died , aged 78 . Her son , David Lilienstein , told CBC News that his mother died in Toronto on Wednesday night from a rare form of cancer first diagnosed last October . "  She knew it was happening , she was at peace with it , and she died very peacefully and not in pain , " he told the Canadian broadcaster . Liz Smith at 92 Lilienstein was born in Chicago in 1936 and moved to Toronto in 1996 with her son and her husband , Ernest . She joined Sharon Hampson and Bram Morrison to launch their singing trio in 1978 . The TV show "  Sharon , Lois & Bram 's Elephant Show " ran on CBC in Canada from 1984 to 1989 , before continuing in reruns on Nickelodeon stateside until 1995 . The 30 most popular film producers in Hollywood Sally Catto , general manager , programming at CBC Television , paid tribute to Lilienstein for her contribution to Canadian kids TV . "  Sharon , Lois and Bram got their start at CBC back in the '80s with the Elephant Show , and they went on to become icons to children all across North America through various programs and specials . Lois will be fondly remembered by her many friends at CBC , " Catto told The Hollywood Reporter . ` Ghostbusters ' budget cut The Canadian variety show was best known for songs like "  Skinnamarink " and "  Peanut Butter . " Lilienstein left the Sharon , Lois & Bram performance trio in 2000 . © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Beloved children 's performer Lois Lilienstein has died She was a member of CBC and Nickelodeon TV stars Sharon , Lois and Bram CNN independently confirmed with Sharon and Bram 's manager that Lilienstein passed away at 78 of a a rare cancer
CNN  -- The sign at the airport was so ridiculous , I thought it was a joke . "  Please be advised , snow globes are not allowed through the security checkpoint , " it read . That was followed by an image of a snow globe with a Christmas tree on the inside and one of those big red "  not allowed " lines going through the middle . Underneath the picture read : "  Your safety is our priority . " Apparently , this ban has been around for a while , but I guess I was too busy taking my shoes and belt off to notice . Over the years , Transportation Security Administration officials have taken away my deodorant , my toothpaste , even my nose hair trimmer in the name of safety . Now it seems as if they are going after Christmas -- one snow globe at a time . To be fair , I can see some reason for their caution . After all , the liquid in a normal snow globe could be replaced with something dangerous . And at a time in which an al Qaeda operative is on trial for trying to blow up a plane by igniting explosives sewn inside his underwear , there does n't appear to be a limit as to how far our enemies will go to harm us . But on the other , we 're so wildly inconsistent with airport safety protocol , how could someone look at a "  No Snow Globe " sign and not laugh ? A couple of weeks ago , I had an agent ask to frisk my dreadlocks because the scanner read it as an "  anomaly . " I argued , and the eventual compromise was having me whip my hair around like a Vegas showgirl until the guy with the rubber gloves was convinced I was n't carrying a bomb in my hair . Then he groped me ... just in case I had any dignity left . My encounter was similar to the one experienced by a Dallas woman who last month had her Afro frisked by airport security in Atlanta . Billions of taxpayer dollars invested to make us safe , and the TSA is on the lookout for big hair . If this were the '80s , everybody would miss their flight . Meanwhile , I see pilots and flight attendants walking through the metal detector , untouched , with their shoes on . Why bother making them walk through metal detectors at all if they 're not going to be fondled or checked for shoe bombs like the rest of us ? And if you can answer that , maybe you can explain why we are given plastic knives and forks to eat with in airport restaurants , but metal knives and forks are handed to us in first class ? Are terrorists only flying coach ? Are policy makers incapable of connecting the dots ? Or are these mindless exercises in place to mask the reality that we are not only incapable of completely safeguarding ourselves against another terrorist attack but that our government is too dysfunctional to even approve what can be done ? Did you know that one of the factors that led to more deaths on the morning of September 11 is that New York police and fire departments did not have a way to communicate with each other ? Ten years later , there still is n't a nationwide first responder network in place because of the bureaucracy in Washington . Face it : The question is n't whether we 'll be attacked again but when and how . Afro-frisking and snow globe-grabbing are just placebos given to an incurable patient . But they do make us laugh . And laughter 's a pretty good medicine in its own right . Like the glass case in the Atlanta airport that displays items you ca n't bring aboard , one of them a chainsaw , in case you were packing a chainsaw as your carry-on . And I ca n't tell you how many times I 've glanced over at the emergency exit row and thought : If we 're forced to have a water landing , we 're all as good as dead . That 's because I 've seen skinny models who need help getting their carry-on into the overhead compartment manning the exit nearest to me . I 've seen the barely mobile elderly sitting in the exit row . Last week , the nation openly asked whether New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie was too fat to be president . I 'm OK with him being president . I wonder if people his size are normally fit enough to be sitting in the freaking exit row . Given the physical requirements and inherent importance of an exit row seat , I would feel more comfortable if I knew the person sitting there could at least do a pushup and not just be collecting a reward for being a repeat customer . These are the kind of systematic disconnects that just crack me up . Flight attendants tell us to turn off all electronic devices under the guise they could interfere with the plane 's navigation system , meaning that if the terrorists really wanted to cause some damage , all they had to do was read their Kindle during takeoff . But hey , at least we 're getting a handle on snow globes . After I got done staring at the sign , I took a picture of it and posted it on my Facebook wall so my friends could also enjoy the laugh . And as the cynical comments came pouring in , I smiled , temporarily forgetting that I live in a world where shoes are a threat , afros can be dangerous , and someone tried to blow up a plane with their underwear . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson thought the TSA ban on carrying snow globes was a joke He 's had his nose hair trimmer and toothpaste taken , dreadlocks checked Granderson says airport security rules inconsistent and often absurd Still , he says , anything 's possible considering the would-be "  underwear bomber "
CNN  -- At least 27 people were killed Sunday night when a cargo train slammed into two cars south of Cairo , the state-run Egynews media outlet reported , citing Giza Gov. Ali Abdulrahman . More than 25 other people were injured , Egypt 's head of emergency services told Egynews . It was not immediately clear what led up to the crash . Deadly train crashes are not uncommon in Egypt . In January , train cars filled with Egyptian security force recruits hopped the tracks and crashed in Giza , killing at least 19 people and injuring about 107 others . In November 2012 , 51 died and 17 were injured when a train slammed into a bus in Assiut , a city about 320 kilometers  about 200 miles  south of Cairo . And in October 2009 , at least 15 were killed when two trains collided in Al-Ayyat , about 70 kilometers  about 43 miles  south of the capital . Dozens hurt in Buenos Aires train wreck	More than 25 other people are injured The cause of the crash is not clear Deadly train crashes are not uncommon in Egypt
CNN  -- As a reporter , I spent much of 1998 following a U.S. Senate candidate who was a handsome , likeable , well-spoken , ambitious guy in his 40s who was a graduate of Craig High School in Janesville , Wisconsin , his hometown . At heart , he loved issues and advocacy . He was the son of a small-town lawyer and his rise to political heights included surprising turns that led some to speculate he could go on to be president . His name was Russ Feingold , and he won his second term in the U.S. Senate that year by defeating another Janesville political wonk in his 40s , Mark Neumann , a Republican who gave up his seat in the House of Representatives to enter the race . He was , without question , a Wisconsin liberal . ` Gen Xer ' Paul Ryan takes up GOP torch , makes case to young voters Wednesday night , I listened to the acceptance speech of the Republican candidate for vice president given by a handsome , likeable , well-spoken , ambitious guy in his 40s who was a graduate of Craig High School in Janesville , Wisconsin , his hometown . He is the son of a small-town lawyer , he loves issues and advocacy , and his rise to political heights has included surprising turns leading to speculation he could go on to be president . He was , without question , a Wisconsin conservative . His name , of course , is Paul Ryan .  If I was really prescient , I would have been following Ryan , then 28 , in 1998 . He seized upon Neumann 's decision to run for Senate as his chance to run for the House . He has held that seat since , and he has ridden his talents to national influence . As I watched Ryan on Tuesday night , I found myself with two questions on my mind : What is it with guys in their 40s from Janesville ? More importantly , with so many similar traits and so many parallels in their personal stories , what do Ryan , Feingold , and their sharply differing views tell us about politics in my now-so-heavily-spotlighted home state of Wisconsin -- and what does that say to the nation ? Three thoughts : First , Janesville is a pleasant , smaller city about 35 miles south of Madison with a strong history of taking its politics very seriously but keeping things civil . It is rightfully proud of its current prominence . It is a place where people such as Ryan and Feingold are raised to have a commitment to the public good and to involvement in issues . I wish there were more such places and more such people . Second , image and substance . The pleasant personalities of both Feingold and Ryan have been big assets in their political careers . We live in a marketing world , and you have to be a marketable person to be a successful candidate . Both Ryan and Feingold fit the bill . Opinion : How did Paul Ryan do ? But ultimately , each is known for the serious stuff . Each is a person of political substance . I 'd like to think that ideas and principles still matter and both of these Janesville guys have shown that it does . Wisconsinites , for decades , have respected that . Feingold received scorn when he was the lone member of the Senate to vote against the Patriot Act in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks , but it played pretty well in Wisconsin . Ryan has made his mark as the ideas guy for Republicans in Congress , the guy who has been more than willing to take on issues such as Medicare and the federal debt . We need to have adult conversations about these issues , as he sometimes puts it . That has played fairly well in Wisconsin also . If many national political commentators have said that the addition of Ryan to the Republican ticket means this will be an election in which heavy-duty policy issues get more debate , I think that , too , will look good in the eyes of many Wisconsinites , whatever their own partisanship . What 's bad if the debate is about serious issues and not the trivial things that take up so much attention in major campaigns ? Third , what does this have to do with who is going to win ? Ryan is just about the hottest act in American politics . Feingold is watching from the sidelines after losing a bid for a fourth term in the Senate in 2010 to a previously little known businessman , Ron Johnson , whose stands are much in line with Ryan 's . This has been a good period to be a Wisconsin conservative . Scott Walker was elected governor in 2010 at the same time Johnson beat Feingold . Walker set off a huge political fracas with his budget-cutting , union-crushing stands in 2011 , which led to a recall election three months ago that Walker won . In addition to Ryan and Walker , there is Reince Priebus , national Republican Party chair  he 's from Kenosha , in Ryan 's congressional district  , which gives Wisconsin three of the most spotlighted names in conservative politics . But the pendulum swings in politics . One side , one set of ideas , is impressively dominant at some point . Then in the battle of ideas and real politics it finds itself on the outs . It has happened often in Wisconsin , a fertile place for producing political winners who seem to be polar opposites . I assume the pendulum will swing some day . More immediately , the conservative  and Ryan  ascension does n't mean Wisconsin will go for Romney and Ryan in November . Wisconsin has built a rich record of being almost evenly split when it comes to presidential races . The 2000 and 2004 outcomes in the state were very close , with Democrats Al Gore and John Kerry narrowly prevailing . Obama won the 10 electoral votes easily in 2008 , but that seemed to be an exception . In the most extensive polling project in Wisconsin , the Marquette Law School Poll , Obama has been ahead all year . But the race has narrowed . With the addition of Ryan , the gap narrowed to three points  49 % to 46 %  in results released Aug. 22 , down from a five-point margin in early August . This is , once again , a battleground state . The Marquette Law poll found ratings on Ryan in his home state  41 % favorable , 34 % unfavorable  that were better than in comparable national polling , and better than the figures for Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney in Wisconsin . But it does n't look like Ryan alone is enough to swing the outcome . What will swing Wisconsin -- and perhaps the nation ? Convincing people who are part of the very small bloc of undecided voters . Motivating people in each of the parties ' bases . Ryan 's speech gives undecided voters mild nudge toward Romney That could take the form of basic partisan battling . But I would suggest that the lesson of these two major political figures from Janesville is that sometimes , ideas still matter and serious argument can still be persuasive . You can build careers on ideas and advocacy . You can win or lose on those things -- which is what is likely to happen in Wisconsin and which is , I still believe , the way the American political system is supposed to work . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alan Borsuk .	Paul Ryan and Russ Feingold are two policy wonks who grew up in Janesville , Wisconsin Alan Borsuk says the two have very different political views but share key attributes He says they , along with many in Wisconsin , want politics to be about big ideas and issues Borsuk : Ryan may not bring Romney to victory in Wisconsin , but the race has tightened
