CNN  -- One of two gay men recently imprisoned and pardoned in Malawi has begun a relationship with a woman , according to a group that helped provide legal support to the men . Steven Monjeza began the relationship in his hometown of Blantyre shortly after his release from prison , Dunker Kamba , administrator at the Center for the Development of People , told CNN . He was together with his former partner , Tiwonge Chimbalanga , for only one or two days after their release , he said . Monjeza and Chimbalanga were sentenced last month to 14 years in prison for gross indecency and unnatural acts , prompting an outcry from human rights and gay rights groups around the world . The president of Malawi pardoned the men after meeting with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . Authorities had arrested Monjeza and Chimbalanga in December at their home in Blantyre after the couple professed their love in a traditional engagement ceremony . Police discovered the couple when local newspapers reported on the ceremony . The criminal case against them cast light on prevailing African attitudes toward homosexuality , which is outlawed in more than 30 nations on the continent . Some in the conservative southern African nation supported the prosecution , and government officials said they were simply upholding the law . Human rights groups and advocates for gays and lesbians argued that the arrests violated Malawi 's constitution , which outlaws discrimination . Monjeza and Chimbalanga are in their 20s . While they were awaiting trial , they were subjected to medical examinations intended to find evidence of sodomy , according to Human Rights Watch . They also underwent psychiatric evaluations . All the exams were done without the men 's consent , the group said . CNN 's Lianne Turner in London , England , contributed to this report .	One of two gay men recently pardoned is now seeing a woman , group says He was together with gay partner only briefly after release from prison The men were sentenced last month to 14 years in prison Malawi 's president pardoned them after international outcry
CNN  -- There 's no need to worry about another Hurricane Sandy . The name has now been retired from the official list of names for Atlantic tropical storms , the World Meteorological Organization said Friday . Officials decided Sandy caused so much death and destruction when it hit the Caribbean and the U.S. East Coast in October last year that the name should be removed from the rotating list , according to organization spokeswoman Claire Nullis . Starting in 2018 , the next year that Sandy was due on the list again as the "  S " name in the annual alphabetical rundown of storm names , the name will be replaced with Sara , Nullis said . The World Meteorological Organization is a U.N. agency that maintains the list of Atlantic tropical storms and decides which names to retire . Names are removed from the list "  if a storm is so deadly or costly that the future use of its name on a different storm would be inappropriate for obvious reasons of sensitivity , " according to the U.S. National Weather Service . Other names on the retired list include Igor , Gustav , Ike , Paloma , Dennis , Katrina , Rita , Stan and Wilma . Hurricane Sandy developed last October and moved through Jamaica and Cuba before hitting Haiti , where it left 51 people dead . The storm was downgraded to a tropical storm but strengthened again to a Category 2 hurricane as it crept up the U.S. East Coast . Sandy was a huge storm , with winds extending 175 miles from its eye , making it much larger than most storms of its type . Much of the damage it caused was while the storm was still out at sea . By the time Sandy did make landfall again -- as a post-tropical cyclone , on the southern coast of New Jersey -- it had become known as Superstorm Sandy for the combination of weather events and disasters that it brought about . The storm killed at least 113 people in the United States and 18 in Canada and is one of the costliest tropical cyclones on record . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	The World Meteorological Association decides to retire the name The death and destruction from Sandy is the reason for retiring the name The name is being replaced with "  Sara " Sandy struck the Caribbean and U.S. East Coast last October
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- Fidel Castro appeared "  very well " during a meeting this week with Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , telling her that he watched President Obama 's inauguration on television , Argentina 's official news agency reported . Fidel Castro is shown talking on the phone in Cuba in October 2006 . Castro said he believes Obama is "  a sincere person with good ideas , " Kirchner said in Cuba at the conclusion of a three-day visit , according to the state-run Telam news agency . "  We talked about all subjects , " Kirchner said of her Wednesday meeting with Castro . "  I found him very well . We talked about the international situation . " The report appears to belie widespread speculation that the Cuban revolutionary leader had suffered a major relapse or had died . The 82-year-old Castro has not been seen in public since ceding power to his brother Raul in 2006 . An account of Wednesday 's meeting , published under Castro 's name , also appeared in the Cuban news agency ACN late Wednesday . In it , the 82-year-old former leader noted that Obama is the 11th U.S. president to hold office since the communist revolution that brought him to power in 1959 . "  Even though the huge power of that country , they have not been able to destroy the Cuban revolution , " the agency quoted him as saying . He said he had "  no doubt " of Obama 's honesty , "  but his noble intentions leave many questions unanswered . For example , I asked myself , how could a wasteful and very consuming system preserve the environment ? " Castro transferred his office to his younger brother on a temporary basis in July 2006 after suffering from an undisclosed illness , often thought to be of his digestive system . Though photos sometimes surface , he has made no public appearances since then and handed power to Raul Castro permanently in February 2008 . Rumors circulated last week that the elder Castro had taken seriously ill again . Although these rumors surface periodically , some analysts paid particular attention this time because no photos of him had been seen since November , and he made no comments on the Cuban revolution 's 50th anniversary on January 1 .	Argentina 's president says she talked to Fidel Castro Castro thinks Obama "  a sincere person with good ideas , " Argentine leader says Castro transferred power in Cuba to his brother in 2006 after illness
London  CNN  -- What do you give the person who has everything ? Well , a camel saddle , mosquito traps and a hatstand full of baseball caps were among the gifts handed to British royals during their overseas trips last year , an official list released Tuesday shows . Clarence House releases the list of gifts each year , but a spokesman told CNN he could not specify which ones the royals have used themselves , which have been put on display and which have gone into storage . The gifts include those presented to Prince William and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge ; as well as Prince Charles and Camilla , the Duchess of Cornwall ; by individuals as well as governments and official bodies . Prince William made a solo trip to New Zealand and Australia , both Commonwealth nations , in March , shortly before his wedding in April . Among the gifts he received in New Zealand were carved and inscribed fragments of buildings in Christchurch , the city rocked by a series of powerful earthquakes in 2010 and 2011 . He was also given a selection of baseball caps , books and jewelry -- the last likely intended for his bride-to-be . More hats and caps came Prince William 's way in Australia , not to mention a selection of sports jerseys , a cricket jacket , some Aboriginal artwork , a papier-mache model of a cassowary -- a large flightless bird -- and a cuddly toy handed over by emergency services workers . He was also treated to a jar of Vegemite , a yeast extract spread popular with Australians that is eaten on toast . Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard tried to convert President Barack Obama to the vegetarian spread while visiting the United States in March -- without success . In June and July , William and Catherine traveled together to Canada and the United States , in what was their first official visit as a married couple -- and her first experience of a royal tour . There William , himself a qualified search-and-rescue pilot , received gifts including a flight helmet by the Canadian Air Force and a Canadian Ranger Patrol knife . Catherine , meanwhile , was given fascinators in tartan and peacock feather , as well as an assortment of scarves , dresses , shoes and jewelry . The newlyweds were jointly treated to matching black hoodies by Calgary Rotary Challenge Park , as well as a pair of chef 's jackets , after taking a cooking class in Montreal . The Ministry of Health gave them two mosquito traps , while their creature comforts were also taken care of with gifts of whiskey , wine and champagne . The couple 's stay in the United States was more low-key , with gifts including coasters , a bread board and a copy of the Chicago Daily Sun & Times newspaper . Among the more exotic gifts presented to Charles and Camilla were a "  camel saddle and trappings " in Morocco . Weapons were also taken care of with the presentation of a ceremonial sword in Kuwait , a dagger in Morocco and a set of Zulu spears and shields in South Africa , not to mention a beaded hunting stick presented by Maasai tribal leaders in Tanzania . In Spain and Portugal , local produce came to the fore , with bottles of olive oil and port , jars of marmalade and ham on the list . Spain 's own royal family opted to give the couple two books and a leather box of fruit and vegetable seeds . According to Clarence House , no gifts can be sold but the royals can choose to give perishable produce to local good causes like hospitals or hospices . The rest will either be kept safely in storage or put on display in St James 's Palace , Clarence House or other private residences , a spokesman said . The presents are not considered the personal property of their royal recipients , although they can be worn or used by them , and are kept in trust for the nation . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	A list of gifts made to the royals on official overseas visits is released each year William and Catherine traveled to Canada and the U.S. on their first tour as newlyweds Charles and Camilla were given a camel saddle in Morocco and spears in South Africa The gifts are from individuals , as well as governments and official bodies
The history of beer in the United States is a rich one dating back to the colonies , when soldiers were paid in spruce beer and cider . From there beer weathered a Revolution , Prohibition and a right turn at Albuquerque before positively exploding with deregulation of the industry through the early 1980s . Ever since , Americans have been sampling , celebrating and sophisticating the unofficial national beverage in ways previously unimaginable , and it seems nearly every town 's gotten into the act . But not all cities are carbonated equal . Some have begun to take beer personally , innovating its craft and consumption and throwing festivals to honor the finest ales and lagers -- creating a blueprint for the rest of the country to follow . Still others have been doing this all along . This is the story of those towns , the top eight cities in America for beer explorers . We 've scored each out of 10 for history , breweries , bars and events , and would like to think every one of you will read the whole piece quietly , captions and all , nodding sagely as the indisputable truth of every line hits home . But , this is the Internet and if there 's one place where froth belongs besides the top of your pint of ale , it 's the comment box below . Feel free . 1 . Portland , Oregon History : 6Breweries : 10Bars : 10Events : 7 Portland boasts more breweries  52  than any city in the world . It 's also America 's largest craft brewing market , with 69 breweries in the greater metro area , owing to state sales regulations that favor consumer tastes over discounts and kickbacks , allowing small brewers to compete with mass marketers . But the Rose City is n't just about quantity . PDX is where you 'll find Hopworks Urban Brewery , Alameda Brewing Company , Cascade Brewing , and family-owned Hair Of The Dog , all nationally renowned for their care and creativity . Fairs like The Oregon Brewer 's Festival , the Portland International Beer Festival , and Portland Beer Week -- America 's first organic beer festival -- ensure that beer spirit in the city runs high all year , while Biketobeerfest celebrates two things exalted by the region : bikes and beer . Portland is also home to five of Draft magazine 's top 100 craft bars -- Saraveza Bottle Shop & Pasty Tavern , Horse Brass Pub , Apex , Bailey 's Tap Room , and Belmont Station . Top draws : Hopworks Urban Crosstown Pale , Deschutes Hop Trip Ale 2 . San Francisco History : 8Breweries : 9Bars : 9Events : 7 The Bay Area is bursting with micro - and nanobreweries that have been experimenting with food-inspired brews like nowhere else . Take Almanac , which uses seasonal produce in its brews , or Moonlight Brewing Company , which picks redwood twigs and cedar bark from brewer Brian Hunt 's own backyard . There 's history here , too . The sale of Anchor Steam Brewery in the 1960s precipitated the production of several signature beers at a time when mass-marketed light beers were the trend . The following decade saw the opening of New Albion Brewing in Sonoma , the first new brewery in California since Prohibition and the first microbrewery in America . Following suit have been 21st Amendment Brewery , Speakeasy , Drake 's , Black Diamond and Social Kitchen and Brewery . Notable bars include La Trappe Cafe and The Toronado Pub , which hosts arguably America 's preeminent barleywine festival . And finally , there 's San Francisco 's Beer Week and the San Francisco International Beer Fest . Top draws : Moylan 's Tipperary Pale Ale , 21st Amendment Brew 3 . San Diego History : 5Breweries : 10Bars : 9Events : 8 With 30-plus breweries in the county and its own IPA category , San Diego 's a beacon on any beer explorer 's map . For a pint , hit up former firefighter Pat McIlhenney 's beer-centric restaurant , the Linkery , which offers brew-paired dinners , and Toronado , which boasts an exhaustive beer list . A trip to San Diego is n't complete without sampling the suds at Karl Strauss , Ballast Point , Lost Abbey , Green Flash , and Stone Brewing Co. , declared by BeerAdvocate magazine the "  All-Time Top Brewery on Planet Earth . " As for events , San Diego was chosen to host the 2012 World Beer Cup -- the "  Olympics of Beer " -- and San Diego Beer Week draws crowds from all over to celebrate 10 days of tastings , pairings and live music . If you visit , do n't miss five San Diego bars mentioned in Draft mag 's top 100 American beer bars : Tiger ! Tiger ! , Small Bar , O'Brien 's American Pub , Blind Lady Ale House , and Hamilton 's Tavern . Top draws : Alpine Ale , Lost Abbey Duck Duck Gooze 4 . Boston History : 10Breweries : 7Bars : 8Events : 7 The first brewery in Massachusetts emerged not long after the Pilgrims dropped anchor , owing to the fact that beer was safer to drink than the water . Though the Pilgrims were aiming for Virginia , they ran out of brew and stopped in Massachusetts -- thus a beer town was born . Eventually , Boston was blessed with a number of microbreweries , including the best-selling craft brewer in America , Boston Beer Co. -- producer of Samuel Adams -- and Harpoon Brewery . Notable hits on the bar crawl include Cambridge and Cape Ann Brewing Cos. , Deep Ellum and The Publick House , alongside historic pubs like Green Dragon , The Warren Tavern  Boston 's oldest  and Sunset Grill & Tap . With this lively scene , it 's not hard to believe that Boston consumes the most beer per capita in the United States . It 's also home to the American Craft Beer Fest , the East Coast 's largest celebration of domestic micros , featuring 600 + varieties from 125 + American brewers . Top draws : Harpoon IPA , Beer Works Bunker Hill Blueberry Ale 5 . Denver History : 7Breweries : 8Bars : 7Events : 8 Colorado is fourth out of 50 states in breweries per capita , and while there are only a handful in Denver proper , there are loads of notable breweries outside town and in nearby Boulder . Neighborhoods like Platte Street and the Art District on Santa Fe are peppered with breweries . Elsewhere you 'll find Avery , Renegade , New Belgium , Strange Brewing , Dry Dock and others , including Bull & Bush , which writer Steve Body declared "  may well be America 's best brewpub and restaurant . " Denver 's first craft brewery , Wynkoop , was opened in 1988 by John Hickenlooper , who went on to become mayor , then governor , extending Denver 's brewer reach to the highest levels of government . Both Wynkoop and Great Divide are a moon shot from Coors Field , and homemade beers at Blue Moon Brewing Co. are found just behind section 112 in left field . The Mile-High City also stages what is widely regarded the largest , most prestigious beer festival in the country , the annual Great American Beer Festival , drawing sudsmeliers from all over the world to taste more than 2,200 brews . Top Draws : Denver Graham Cracker Porter , Renegade Hammer and Sickle 6 . Philadelphia History : 9Breweries : 6Bars : 8Events : 7 In the city of brewery love , outfits like Victory , Sly Fox , Nodding Head , Yards and Flying Fish have been vanguards of local brewing since the city 's barley rush of the 1990s . And since 1860 , McGillin 's Olde Ale House has been a beloved showcase for those and other local brews longer than any in Philly . Three less-ancient bars made Draft mag 's top 100 -- Eulogy Belgian Tavern , Grey Lodge Public House and Memphis Taproom , which enjoys a sterling reputation despite an endorsement by Guy Fieri . And no beer itinerary is complete without writer Michael Jackson 's favorite spot , Monk 's Cafe , a love letter to Belgian  and other  brews that will awe the savviest palate . Philly Beer Week is the city 's most hoppening event , but the Greater Northeast Philadelphia Beer Festival , begun in 2011 , is already proving a worthy companion . One caveat to all this beer-fueled euphoria : complicated state controls regulate the purchase of packaged beer . Do n't let them kill your buzz . Top Draws : Yards Philadelphia Pale Ale , Victory Hop Devil IPA 7 . Bend , Oregon History : 5Breweries : 8Bars : 8Events : 8 With one brewery for every 9,111 people , descriptors for Bend include "  beervana " and "  Beer City , USA . " And that number is constantly changing , with newcomers like Crux Fermentation Project and Worthy Brewing Company recently fattening Bend 's ranks . Already cemented into Bend beer culture is Deschutes , the godfather of local craft brewing , which recently expanded its flagship location . The Ale Apothecary , like its name suggests , blends modern and old-fashioned brewing techniques for what they 're calling Bend 's only steampunk brewery . Getting your beer passport stamped at all nine of participating breweries on the Bend Ale Trail will net you a prize , and dog lovers will appreciate Boneyard Beer , where they can try the world 's first organic , non-alcoholic brew made for dogs , Dawg Grogg . Your itinerary 's bound to overlap at least one of Bend 's annual beer celebrations , like Central Oregon Beer Week , The Little Woody Barrel-Aged Brew & Whiskey Festival , Bend BrewFest , The Fermentation Celebration and Bend Oktoberfest . Top Draws : Deschutes Inversion IPA , Silver Moon Hound 's Tooth Amber 8 . Asheville , North Carolina History : 5Breweries : 7Bars : 7Events : 9 Yes , Asheville . It 's relatively new to the beer scene , but with 11 breweries yielding the highest per-capita total in the country , it 's already building a global rep. A day trip to Asheville offers a chance to try roughly 50 local beers , almost all of which can be tasted at The Thirsty Monk , a must-see on any Ashevillian beer pilgrimage . But it 's less the number of breweries or bars here than it is the culture that earns Asheville its cred . There is serious pride in the local craft , and its small-town appeal means all you have to do is roll over and you 'll find yourself in one of the city 's renowned breweries , like Wedge , Green Man and Wicked Weed . The city also pumps beer into mustards , shampoos , ice creams , cakes , dog biscuits , and soaps . And with at least five major beer events , Asheville keeps the party going all year round with its own Oktoberfest , Beer Week and Winter Warmer , Best Firkin , Beer City and Brewgrass Festivals . Top Draws : Asheville Shiva IPA , French Broad Ryehopper	Portland , Oregon , boasts more breweries than any city in the world San Diego was chosen to host 2012 World Beer Cup -- the "  Olympics of Beer " Philadelphia is a beer explorer 's must-see town , despite state controls that regulate purchases of packaged beer
The thousands of immigrant children pouring across the nation 's southern border from Central America braved predators and harsh elements only to arrive in the United States and walk right into one of the most toxic issues in Washington . On the right are those who criticize the White House approach to immigration . They say that by relaxing deportation policies toward immigrant children and their families , the Obama administration unwittingly created conditions for some 60,000 Central American kids to flock to the United States . On the left are those , including President Barack Obama , who fault Congress , especially House Republicans , for rejecting a Senate-passed comprehensive immigration reform package last year and continue bickering over incremental measures . And in the middle are children , many of them fleeing poverty and violence in their home countries of Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador . They are the latest pawns in the political fight over immigration reform . "  The thing I learned from the border patrol this weekend from the men and women and their supervisors is that we can not enforce ourselves out of this crisis . They are being overwhelmed by the large numbers , " Rep. Henry Cuellar , a Texas Democrat who hails from the district where most of the border crossings occur , told CNN in an interview on Monday . Influx of immigrant children expected to last through summer The debate over what the White House calls "  a humanitarian crisis " is pouring fuel on a raging fire , judging by the rhetoric . Finger pointing Republicans , such as House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte of Virginia , place the blame squarely with Obama and his administration dealing with yet another crisis that has left it with a black eye . "  The recent surge of children and teenagers from Central America showing up at our southern border is an administration-made disaster and now President Obama is calling in  the Federal Emergency Management Agency  to mitigate the damage , " Goodlatte said statement on the decision to create a group comprised of government agencies to address the issue . "  Word has gotten out around the world about President Obama 's lax immigration enforcement policies and it has encouraged more individuals to come to the United States illegally , many of whom are children from Central America , " Goodlatte said . Most of the children crossing the border would not qualify for "  amnesty " under the federal program that defers deportation for children brought to the United States previously by their parents or guardians illegally . Still , there is some evidence to suggest the policy allowing thousands of immigrant children to remain in the country prompted others to strike out for the United States , hoping they , too , could stay , immigration law and policy experts said . Should Obama use the power of his pen to turn the tide on immigration reform ? "  I think it would fall in the category of unintended consequences , " said Stephen Yale-Loehr , an immigration law professor at Cornell University Law School . "  I think the president was clear in 2012 of what his executive action did and did not do . He did not intend to signal that other children should come to the U.S. . But many times immigration law gets distorted and  the kids may have made the journey  based on those false of rumors that children will be allowed to stay here . " The White House may have helped create this crisis , but the administration is not the first to find itself facing a humanitarian conundrum partly of its own making . When Bill Clinton was campaigning for president in the early 1990s , he criticized then-President George H.W. Bush 's decision to turn back waves of Haitian immigrants in boats trying to escape political chaos in their country . This , in turn , prompted thousands of Haitians to try and come to the United States after Clinton took office , prompting him to make clear that those trying to skirt the legal channels to citizenship would be turned back . A problem with many roots However , it is n't exactly fair to solely blame Obama and his administration for the flood of children now entering the country , many of them on their own , immigration law and policy experts say . According to analysis by the Migration Policy Institute , the "  deep root causes for this child migration , and for the recent surge in arrivals " are myriad and complicated . "  In reality , there is no single cause . Instead , a confluence of different pull and push factors has contributed to the upsurge , " the report found . "  Recent U.S. policies toward unaccompanied children , faltering economies and rising crime and gang activity in Central American countries , the desire for family reunification , and changing operations of smuggling networks have all converged . " Vice President Joe Biden will travel to Guatemala later this week to discuss the matter with leaders from the three Central American countries at the center of the controversy . Cuellar and immigration law and policy experts all point to the need to improve assistance to those nations through stronger borders and less violence . There 's work to do on the home front as well . A Senate-approved immigration reform package , which included at least seven measures designed to address unaccompanied minors crossing the border , failed to make it out of the Republican - controlled House last year . Those measures included ensuring high standards of mental and physical health care at the facilities where illegal immigrant children are detained , child welfare training for those who detain minors crossing the border illegally and legal representation for those children among other provisions . Reports from communities where children are held indicate that kids as young as toddlers are kept in hot and crowded conditions . There have also been reports of abuse and a lack of access to adequate legal representation as federal and community assistance is stretched . Daniel 's journey : How thousands of children are creating a crisis in America The sweeping Senate immigration reform package also included a path to citizenship for an estimated 8 million of the more than 11 million undocumented workers in the country . This path to legalization would have helped ensure economic stability for those who left their children behind in their home countries which , in turn , might make the kids less likely to flee poverty in their homelands , immigration law and policy experts said . "  It would not be as big a deal if we had a working immigration system . There are a lot of provisions in the Senate bill that would have addressed this issue of unaccompanied minors , " Yale-Loehr said adding that for years the problem was like a "  tidal wave " in the distance which neither the White House nor Congress anticipated hitting with such force . "  It 's another thing to see it crashing on your shore , " he said .	Waves of immigrant children fleeing poverty , violence are at center of heated debate While the right and left lay blame , both sides are at fault for the flood of immigrant kids , experts say Relaxing deportation policies , failing to pass immigration reform part of U.S. role in problem U.S. officials will have to work with home countries to ensure a resolution
Bucharest , Romania  CNN  -- A fourth newborn baby has died after a fire in the intensive care unit of a maternity hospital in Romania , a hospital official said Tuesday . The baby died at the Grigore Alexandrescu Hospital , where another seven were being treated , said Dr. Radu Balanescu , the hospital 's medical director . One of those babies was in poor condition Tuesday and the other six were stable , he said . Autopsy results on three babies whose deaths were announced earlier show that one died from smoke inhalation and the other two died from lack of oxygen , said Marcus Iacob , the prosecutor in charge of the investigation . All the babies have been identified , Balanescu said , but officials still planned to run DNA tests to confirm their identities . The fire at Giulesti Maternity Hospital in the capital , Bucharest , began Monday after an electrical cable in the air conditioning system caught fire behind a wooden closet in the intensive care unit , according to prosecutors ' preliminary conclusions . The cable had not been installed and isolated properly , they said . Pictures of the burned intensive care unit , published Tuesday in the Romanian newspaper Adevarul , showed a burned incubator , a blackened room , and equipment that had melted and was singed . Prosecutors said the fire burned slowly for about an hour before any medical staff entered the room . The intensive care room had been unstaffed at the time , they said . As a result , prosecutors called for the questioning of 15 medical staff , including the nurse who was supposed to be in the room at the time , Iacob said . Staff also failed to evacuate any babies in the five minutes between the time they placed the emergency call and firefighters got to the burning intensive care unit , fire department spokeswoman Anca Onofrei said . Everyone in the hospital was eventually evacuated , including five women in labor , another 26 pregnant women , and six who had just given birth , Raed Arafat , state secretary deputy in the Health Care Ministry , said Monday . The Romanian press was critical Tuesday of the staff 's response , saying it showed the weakness of the Romanian health care system . Dr. Gheorghe Burnei , a renowned surgeon with the Children 's Hospital Marie Curie in Bucharest , told Realitatea TV that due to the poor Romanian health care system , this kind of tragedy could happen again at any time .	A fourth baby dies from Monday 's fire at a Bucharest hospital Another seven are being treated for injuries Preliminary conclusions show the fire started in a cable behind a wooden closet Pictures show a blackened hospital room and a burned incubator
Authorities called off the Mount Rainier search for hiker Karen Sykes after a body was discovered in the area , but its identity has not been established . The body was found in steep terrain in the area where rescuers focused during the search for Sykes , 70 . Its identity and cause of death are unclear . The Seattle resident vanished Wednesday while hiking the Owyhigh Lakes Trail with her hiking partner . They separated in the afternoon and planned to meet at the same location later , but she never returned , Mount Rainier National Park said in a statement . Her hiking partner reported her missing the same night . Sykes is an outdoor journalist and is considered an experienced hiker . The Pierce County Medical Examiner will determine the identity of the body , which was discovered off-trail in an area that 's hard to access and rarely traveled . 6 missing Mount Rainier climbers believed to have fallen	Karen Sykes vanished Wednesday while hiking with her partner A body was found in steep terrain in an area where search teams focused Identity of body has not been established
CNN  -- The 2013 tennis season may only be in its fledgling stages but already the heat is well and truly on for those preparing for the year 's first major . As the great and good on the men 's and women 's circuits fine tune their game ahead of the Australian Open that starts in Melbourne on Monday , they are having to contend with stifling temperatures in Sydney . According to the Australia Bureau of Meteorology , Monday was the hottest day in the country since records began over 100 years ago with an average temperature of 40.3 degrees . Officials in New South Wales have warned of a "  catastrophic " fire threat as strong winds combine with the heat to increase the danger of bushfires spreading out of control . Players had to battle heat that reached 41.4 deg in Sydney , with world No. 4 Agnieszka Radwanska claiming it was "  too hot " to play and that officials should have halted proceedings under their extreme heat policy . But the Pole , along with the other players scheduled on Tuesday , battled through the searing sunshine with the help of regular breaks , ice towels and gallons of liquid . "  I think this is too hot to play tennis , " Radwanska told reporters at a press conference . "  Even for players , for ball kids , for even the people sitting out there , I think it 's just too hot . " One saving grace for Radwanska was her quick 6-4 6-3 victory over Japan 's Kimiko Date-Krumm which meant she was only on court for 68 minutes . Russia 's Svetlana Kuznetsova battled through to a 7-6 1-6 6-2 victory over former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki , though both players benefited from a heat break before contesting the deciding set . Kuznetsova told reporters : "  I think it shows you one more time how tough the tennis is right now . How players have to be fit to play in the hot conditions , the windy conditions . We 're like iron women almost . "  It was very hot out there . In the second set the heat definitely disturbed me a lot . But the break really helped me before the third set . " The 2011 French Open champion , Li Na of China , was quoted as saying by AFP that she felt like she was "  playing in a sauna . " Germany 's Angelique Kerber triumphed 6-2 7-5 over Russian qualifier Galina Voskoboeva who took a medical time out because of the extreme heat . Kerber : "  It was unbelievably hot . Usually I practice before my matches , 30 to 35 minutes , today it was just 10 or 15 minutes because I could n't play more . It 's tough to play in these conditions . "  I was trying to focus on the next point and not thinking about the heat , the sun and the weather . The whole match was tough from the first point . I 'm happy I won in two sets . " Temperatures were due to cool off for Wednesday 's play but by the end of the week the thermometer will be back up to 37 degrees in Melbourne , according to Jenny Harrison from the CNN Weather Center . She told CNN 's World Sport show : "  We do see this every couple of years but this is record-breaking heat . Monday has been confirmed as the hottest day across Australia since records began . "  It looks as if Tuesday , once we get the stats in , could be the hottest day and outdo Monday . "  What has happened in the last few hours is a front has come through across the south east of Australia . In literally an hour the temperature in Sydney has dropped more than 10 degrees . "  Melbourne is cooler than that as the front went through there first . But in Melbourne by the end of the week the temperature is going to rise again , getting well above average . "	Record temperatures hit Australia during tennis tournament in Sydney Stifling heat of 41.4 degrees make conditions uncomfortable for players World No. 4 Agnieszka Radwanska claims it was "  too hot " to play Monday confirmed by Australia Bureau of Meteorology as hottest since records began
CNN  -- The truth about the bombing of a PanAm airliner over Lockerbie , Scotland , in 1988 will come out "  one day , and hopefully in the near future , " the only man convicted the bombing told Reuters in an interview aired Monday . "  In a few months from now , you will see new facts that will be announced , " Abdelbeset al-Megrahi told Reuters . "  I do n't want to speak about that because there are people who are looking after that themselves . " Al-Megrahi 's comments come about five weeks after CNN 's Nic Roberston visited al-Megrahi 's home , where his family said he was in a coma and near death from terminal prostate cancer . At the time of his late August visit , Robertson found al-Megrahi in a metal hospital bed , attached to an IV drip and cared for by an elderly woman that the family said was his mother . He was , Robertson said , "  paper-thin , his face sallow and sunken . " Reuters : Megrahi says his Lockerbie role exaggerated "  Clearly he is in a better condition than when I saw him a month ago , " Robertson said Monday . In the Reuters interview , which the news agency said was recorded Sunday , he remained in bed and at one point was given an oxygen mask to wear , but he appeared lucid . He spoke about his disease and Libyan affairs , and appeared to claim innocence by protesting that he was the victim of the Scottish court that set up at Camp Zeist , a former U.S. military base , as part of an international agreement to try him and a second man . "  Camp Zeist Court is the smallest place on earth that contains the largest number of liars , " he told Reuters . "  I suffered from the liars at Camp Zeist Court more than you can imagine . " Robertson said al-Megrahi 's family told him they believe al-Megrahi was the victim of both international justice and the regime of ousted Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , who they say used him as a scapegoat . While al-Megrahi told Reuters that he had been treated badly since his return to Libya , Robertson said Monday that his family is building a "  huge new house in a very upmarket part of Tripoli . " Given Gadhafi 's ouster , Robertson said , it 's not clear why al-Megrahi is n't speaking out now about what he knows about the bombing , but it 's clear he has answers that many people would like to hear . The court convicted al-Megrahi of murder in the 1988 bombing of PanAm Flight 103 , which fell from the sky after the explosion , killing 259 people on the airplane and 11 people on the ground . Prosecutors said al-Megrahi , the former chief of security for Libyan Arab Airlines in Malta , brought the bomb to Malta . A second man was accused of placing the bomb aboard the plane . The court acquitted him . The Scottish government granted al-Megrahi a compassionate release in 2009 for medical reasons . He was said to have had only months to live when he was released two years ago . His family told Robertson that al-Megrahi had n't seen a doctor since they rescued him from a hospital before Tripoli fell to rebel forces , whom he said looted the medicine from their home . "  We just give him oxygen , " his son , Khaled , told Robertson in August . "  Nobody gives us any advice . And some food by injection  drip  . ... If you see , his body he is weak . " In the Reuters interview , al-Megrahi said he is still having trouble obtaining the medicine . He also said that he hopes the violence in Libya ends soon . "  I wish from God that I will see my country united , with no fighting or war , " he told Reuters .	"  New facts " will come out within months , the convicted Lockerbie bomber tells Reuters Abdelbeset al-Megrahi was said to be in a coma in August when CNN visited his home In the interview taped Sunday , he remains in bed but appears lucid
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- A human rights group on Saturday urged Iranian authorities not to put acid in the eyes of a man found guilty of blinding a woman who scorned him . Majid Movahedi is scheduled to be blinded by having five drops of acid in each eye Saturday , according to Amnesty International . It was unclear what time -- or whether -- the punishment will take place Saturday . The semiofficial Iranian Students ' News Agency , or ISNA , reported Saturday that the acid punishment had been postponed and another date had n't been established . Movahedi was convicted in 2008 of throwing a bucket of acid on Ameneh Bahrami . The attack blinded Bahrami , who sought to have authorities render the ancient punishment of "  an eye for an eye " in accordance with Islamic law . The rights group is urging Iran to forgo the acid punishment . "  It is unbelievable that the Iranian authorities would consider implementing such a punishment , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui , an Amnesty International deputy director . "  Regardless of how horrific the crime suffered by Ameneh Bahrami , being blinded with acid is a cruel and inhuman punishment amounting to torture , and the Iranian authorities have a responsibility under international law to ensure it does not go ahead . " Bahrami said it has been very difficult for her since the attack . She says she first met Movahedi in 2002 when they attended the same school . She was a 24-year-old electronics student . He was 19 . She never noticed him until he sat next to her in class and brushed up against her . Bahrami says she knew it was n't an accident . "  I moved away from him , " she said , "  but he brushed up against me again . " Bahrami said that over the next two years , Movahedi harassed her and made threats , even asking her to marry him . "  He told me he would kill me . He said , ` You have to say yes . ' " On a November afternoon in 2004 , his threats turned to violence when he followed her from the medical engineering company where she worked . As she walked to the bus stop , she sensed someone behind her . She turned around and was startled to see Movahedi , who threw something over her . What felt like fire on her face was acid searing through her skin . "  I was just yelling , ` I 'm burning ! I 'm burning ! For God 's sake , somebody help me , ' " she said . The acid seeped into her eyes , and streamed down her face into her mouth . When she covered her face with her hands , streaks of acid ran down her fingers and onto her forearms . In 2009 , Bahrami told CNN that she had undergone more than a dozen surgeries on her badly scarred face , but still imagined that in the future she would have a wedding day . "  I always see myself as someone who can see and sometimes see myself in a beautiful wedding gown , and why not ? " She said . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : ISNA : The acid punishment is postponed Majid Movahedi was convicted in 2008 of an acid attack on a woman He was sentenced to have five drops of acid in both eyes
CNN  -- A U.S. Marine accused of hazing a fellow Marine who later committed suicide in Afghanistan has been sentenced to 30 days in jail and a reduction in rank at a court-martial in Hawaii . Lance Cpl. Jacob D. Jacoby pleaded guilty to assaulting Lance Cpl. Harry Lew in April after Lew fell asleep while on watch after first arriving in Afghanistan . Charges also were filed against Sgt. Benjamin E. Johns and Lance Cpl. Carlos Orozco III , according to a Marine statement . They will face courts-martial later this year . "  It has been a bad tragedy for us and  we  never can be able to repair our broken heart , " said Lew 's father , Allen , to CNN affiliate KHON in Honolulu . "  We just could n't believe their own peers could do something like that to their own people . " A military investigation report obtained by the Marine Corps Times said Lew killed himself with a two - or three-round burst from an M249 Squad Automatic Weapon in the early hours of April 3 . According to the Marine Corps Times story on the report , a message found on Lew 's arm , believed to be a suicide note , said : "  May hate me now , but in the long run this was the right choice I 'm sorry my mom deserves the truth . " The incident at Patrol Base Gowragi , in Nawa district , began with Lew failing to respond to radio calls late on the night of April 2 , the report said . A sergeant who found him sleeping told others that "  peers should correct peers , " it said , as reported by the Marine Corps Times . The report detailed how two lance corporals , whose names were redacted , berated Lew and ordered him to do exercises in body armor for four hours , with one of them stomping on Lew 's legs at times . One Marine kicked and punched Lew until being stopped by another , the report said . Less than an hour later , it said , Lew killed himself . "  At 0343 on 3 April 2011 , while crouching down in the fighting position he had just dug , LCpl Lew leaned over his M249 Squad Automatic Weapon as it pointed to the sky , placed the muzzle in his mouth , pulled the trigger , and intentionally killed himself , " the report said , according to the Marine Corps Times . The case drew national attention when Rep. Judy Chu , D-California , the aunt of the Marine who killed himself , told a congressional committee about it in September . "  Harry 's death was a heartbreaking tragedy that could have been prevented , " Chu said in October . "  The decision by the Marines Corps to bring the three Marines before a jury of their peers brings comfort to the family and shows the military justice system at work . " In her September appearance at a House Armed Services Committee hearing , Chu said her nephew 's sergeant told fellow Marines in the unit to "  teach " the 21-year-old newcomer after he was found asleep on his watch . "  Lance Corporal Lew was beaten , berated and forced to perform rigorous exercise , " she said then . "  He was forced to do push-ups and leg lifts wearing full body armor , and sand was poured in his mouth . He was forced to dig a hole for hours . He was kicked , punched and stomped on . And it did not stop until 3:20 a.m. " In December , eight soldiers were charged in connection with the October death of another soldier in Afghanistan . Army Pvt. Danny Chen , 19 , was found dead in a guard tower , apparently from a self-inflicted gunshot wound . The eight officers and enlisted servicemen face various charges , including dereliction of duty , making false statements , maltreatment and involuntary manslaughter . The Army did not specify what alleged acts by the soldiers resulted in the charges , but family members said Chen had complained in letters of harassment by fellow soldiers before his death . An Army official said the soldiers are essentially charged with hazing and abusing Chen in the weeks and days before he apparently killed himself . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	The case involves the suicide of a Marine allegedly berated and beaten by peers The Marine had fallen asleep while on watch in Afghanistan The dead Marine was the nephew of U.S. Rep. Judy Chu of California
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Thursday placed the United States squarely on the side of democratic reform in the Middle East and North Africa , declaring in a major policy speech that the wave of change sweeping the region "  can not be denied . " Addressing a global audience , Obama condemned the use of force against Arab Spring protesters by longtime allies and adversaries alike . He also said the eruption of demands for greater opportunity in Arab nations could be used to kick-start stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace talks . At the same time , Obama applied his own pressure by declaring as policy the long-held idea that a future Palestinian state should be based on borders that existed before the 1967 Middle East war . In the past , the United States has unofficially supported a two-state solution to the Israel-Palestinian conflict based on the borders in place prior to the war 44 years ago in which Israel seized the West Bank , Gaza Strip , Golan Heights and Sinai Peninsula . Obama became the first president to formally endorse the policy , but he acknowledged the need for modifications through the negotiating process due to conditions on the ground . Obama also dismissed the notion of al Qaeda-style extremism appealing to future generations of Muslims , asserting that the organization was "  losing its struggle for relevance " long before the killing of Osama bin Laden on May 2 . The president 's speech -- the subject of intense speculation in recent days -- was a long-promised overview of America 's changing Middle East policy in the wake of the Arab Spring that started unfolding in Tunisia last December . In recent months , Washington has often appeared to struggle to keep up with the pace of events not only in Tunisia , but also in Egypt , Libya , Syria , Yemen , Bahrain , and elsewhere . Administration officials have also wrestled with an Arab suspicion of U.S. motives fueled by decades of American support for the region 's autocratic regimes . "  Shouts of human dignity are being heard across the region , " Obama declared , speaking in front of a group of diplomatic and military officials at the State Department . "  We support political and economic reform in the Middle East and North Africa that can meet the legitimate aspirations of ordinary people throughout the region . " The president acknowledged that "  there will be times " when America 's "  short-term interests do not align perfectly with our long-term vision . " "  But we can -- and will -- speak out for a set of core principles " including freedom of religion and expression , and equality under the law , he promised . "  It will be years before this story reaches its end , " Obama said . But "  the events of the past six months show us that strategies of oppression and strategies of diversion will not work anymore . " Among other things , Obama accused Iran of hypocrisy for publicly supporting protests in parts of the Arab world after violently cracking down on protests at home . He blasted the Syrian regime for reacting to dissent by choosing "  the path of murder and the mass arrests . " "  The Syrian people have shown their courage in demanding a transition to democracy , " Obama said . President Bashar al-Assad "  now has a choice : he can lead that transition , or get out of the way . " On Wednesday , Obama imposed new sanctions against al-Assad and other top officials in Damascus . Obama also criticized the crackdown against Shiite protesters in Bahrain -- a key Persian Gulf ally and home of the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet . The president made no mention of struggles for greater rights in neighboring Saudi Arabia , another close ally . A large portion of the president 's speech was devoted to the Israel-Palestinian conflict . The administration 's strategy for a comprehensive settlement has been seemingly derailed in recent months . Former Sen. George Mitchell unexpectedly submitted his resignation as the president 's Mideast envoy Friday , and deadly clashes broke out Sunday between pro-Palestinian protesters and Israeli forces . Ongoing Israeli settlement construction in the West Bank and Palestinian steps toward a unilateral declaration of statehood have driven the two sides further apart since Obama took office . Additional doubts about the viability of the stalled peace process were raised this month in the wake of a formal reconciliation agreement between the two largest Palestinian factions : President Mahmoud Abbas ' party , the West Bank-based Fatah ; and the Islamist group Hamas , which rules Gaza . Both Israel and the United States consider Hamas a terrorist organization and have voiced strong opposition to the inclusion of the group in any unity government , demanding that it first renounce violence , recognize the state of Israel and abide by all previous agreements . Nevertheless , the president renewed his push for a two-state solution Thursday , declaring that the borders of Israel and a future Palestinian state should be based on pre-1967 lines "  with mutually agreed swaps , so that secure and recognized borders are established for both states . " "  The full and phased withdrawal " of Israeli security forces from the West Bank has to be accompanied by evidence of a Palestinian state that can help secure the peace and prevent attacks against Israel , he said . But a continued Israeli presence in the West Bank is inconsistent with long-term dreams of a secure Jewish and democratic state , Obama said . "  The Palestinian people must have the right to govern themselves , and reach their potential , in a sovereign and contiguous state , " the president said . Neither the Palestinians nor the Israelis offered a warm response to Obama 's speech . Hamas called Obama 's remarks "  empty of concrete significance " and promised not to recognize "  the Israeli occupation . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's office stated that Washington should stand by previous U.S. commitments relating "  to Israel not having to withdraw to the 1967 lines , which are both indefensible and which would leave major Israeli population centers ... beyond those lines . " On a broader regional level , Obama stressed the importance of economic development to accompany political reforms . Toward that end , he announced $ 1 billion in debt forgiveness for Egypt , as well as another $ 1 billion in loan guarantees for Cairo . He also promised a new "  comprehensive " trade and investment partnership initiative with the Middle East and North Africa . Europe will play a key role in moving the initiative forward , he said . Obama also defended U.S. and NATO intervention in Libya , arguing the move was necessary to prevent an imminent massacre . "  Time is working against  Libyan leader Moammar  Gadhafi , " he asserted . When Gadhafi goes , "  decades of provocation will come to an end " and a democratic transition can begin , he said . Thursday 's speech came nearly two years after Obama delivered an address in Cairo , the Egyptian capital , that called for "  a new beginning " between the United States and the Muslim world . Today , many in the Middle East and North Africa consider the Cairo speech a collection of lofty ideals that lacked sufficient follow-through , and they have been looking for Obama to signal substantive and concrete policies that support the aspirations of the region 's people . Marwan Muasher , a former Jordanian foreign minister and longtime advocate of Arab reform , said Wednesday that the Middle East is a new environment now , where young men and women are laying their lives on the line for democracy throughout the region . They need to be told their cause is just and how the United States will support them . If Thursday 's address is viewed as just "  another Cairo speech , forget it , " said Muasher , now at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  It was great two years ago , and even then the feedback was mixed , because people wanted to see what he would do . If he does n't have much to add this time , people will not be fooled by it . " Gigi Ibrahim , a 24-year-old Egyptian activist and blogger , predicted Obama 's words will have little impact in her country . "  At this point , whatever President Obama will address will really be irrelevant to what the situation is now because we 're really building democracy from the bottom up , " Ibrahim told CNN , adding that "  America is not the model of democracy that we are striving for . " She called U.S. policy on the Middle East "  hypocritical " because , she said , the United States "  will support a dictatorship if it 's aligned with its interests . " That attitude is still rife throughout the Middle East and North Africa , noted CNN senior political analyst David Gergen . With Egypt facing economic crisis , the Libyan conflict at a stalemate , an ongoing harsh crackdown on demonstrators in Syria and the Israeli-Palestinian peace process at a standstill , there is little belief in the region that Obama or the United States can do much to help , Gergen said . "  I think it 's going to be very difficult in the near term to generate excitement about his policies in the Middle East , " Gergen said . Obama 's speech came in a week when the White House is strongly focused on Middle East issues . He met Tuesday with Jordan 's King Abdullah II at the White House , and will meet Friday with Netanyahu . CNN 's Elise Labott and Matt Smith contributed to this story .	Events show oppression will not work in the Middle East anymore , Obama says The president announces $ 2 billion in assistance for Egypt He announces a trade plan for the region A two-state Arab-Israeli solution should be based on 1967 borders , Obama says
AOL Autos  -- Have you ever wondered what your neighbors are carrying around in their car 's trunk or SUV 's cargo hold ? I decided to find out -- by asking 100 strangers in a department store parking lot . Strollers , playpens , toys and diapers take up a lot of space , but a lot of parents still had organized trunks . The mission To uncover the secret contents of the average American trunk and cargo hold . The stakeout I spent two weekend afternoons at the Empire Center in Burbank , California , with my camera and notebook , approaching shoppers as they arrived or departed . I identified myself as a reporter for AOL Autos , and asked if I could see what they had in their trunk , and maybe take a picture . I hoped that I 'd be able to see a trend in trunks . AOL Autos : Small cars with room in the trunk The raw data My decidedly unscientific study yielded some interesting results . First of all , I discovered that even in a big city  Burbank is a suburb of Los Angeles  , people are exceedingly nice if you are respectful and forthright . About 80 % of the people I approached were kind , open and helpful , and gladly opened their trunks for a glance . The 20 % who refused were either in a rush , guarded or shy -- but they were still remarkably polite . The second surprising thing was that the vast majority of trunks and cargo holds were clean and uncluttered . I really expected to discover overstuffed trunks , full of cast-off items and flea market finds . But even the most fully-used storage areas were tidy and organized . AOL Autos : Used fuel-efficient crossovers Not surprisingly , people with small children tended to have the most crowded trunks and cargo holds . Strollers , playpens , toys and diapers take up a lot of space , but most families have discovered that clean , organized trunks make getting to your kids ' supplies much easier and more efficient . AOL Autos : Best new cars for 2009 Another trend I noticed was that athletic folks tend to use their car 's trunk as a portable gym locker . I saw a lot of gym bags , sports equipment and sneakers . On a hot day , this was a bit of a mixed blessing ; baked sneakers have a decidedly pungent odor . No one seemed to have a good solution to this problem . I would put a cabin air freshener , like the Little Tree , in my trunk if I regularly carried my tennis shoes . AOL Autos : Celebrity cars you can afford For the non-athletic , the most common item I saw was the collapsible chair . One family had an entire beach setup in their trunk : four collapsible chairs , a beach blanket , a sun umbrella and an empty cooler , all neatly tucked against the back wall . They said that they always wanted to be ready for a beach day , should the opportunity arise . Some people were extremely proud of their trunks . One woman bragged that her brother taught her how to organize her tools , and that she had taken the organization to the next level . She had multiple storage boxes in her neat , clean trunk , each with a different set of useful items . AOL Autos : Most fun cars for under $ 20,000 A few families were downright sheepish about the state of their cargo holds . They apologized in advance before opening the trunk , and said that they were in the middle of a project that had foiled their attempts at organization and cleanliness . I have to take them at their word ; I 'm not making a return trip to that hot parking lot to follow up . The conclusion After two days pounding the asphalt , I 'm pleased to report that I actually uncovered some useful information and some fun trivia . There are good reasons for keeping your trunk as empty as possible : 1 . Less junk in the trunk equals less weight , and less weight can mean greater fuel efficiency . 2 . Under certain circumstances , shifting content in your trunk can adversely affect handling . 3 . An empty trunk provides space for that roadside find or warehouse store bargain . How else are you going to get that pallet of pickled asparagus spears back to your garage ? Here are a few tips that I picked up from the best  and worst  of trunks : 1 . Use boxes or containers in your trunk to keep your emergency kit organized and all together . 2 . Purge non-essential items from your trunk on a regular basis . 3 . Vacuum your cargo space whenever you wash your car so that whatever you put in your trunk does n't get dirty and dusty . 4 . Keep a few reusable shopping bags in your trunk so that you always have them when you get to the store . 5 . Be sure to carry a few essential tools -- screwdrivers , wrench , tire-changing tools , a rubber mallet , etc. -- for emergency repair . 6 . A cargo net or bungee cords will help keep your boxes and other items from rolling around in the trunk during hard cornering . Last , but not least , here 's a list of the oddest items that I saw in any trunk :  . A machete , an axe and a hammer , wrapped in a colorful sheet  I did n't ask any questions  .  A pair of old-school quad roller skates .  An ice scraper  odd because the temperature was 97 degrees in the shade  -- and we never get frost in Southern California .  A tube of Butt Paste -- a highly useful concoction that combats diaper rash .  Nothing . I can guarantee that this is the one thing you 'll never find in my trunk .	Reporter tries to uncover secret contents of average American trunk Unscientific study finds vast majority of trunks are clean and uncluttered Athletic folks tend to use their car 's trunk as a smelly , portable gym locker One trunk includes machete , axe and hammer wrapped in sheet
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The grease-covered orange overalls ca n't hide 14-year-old Nazer Ahmad 's frail frame . As he leans under the hood of a wrecked car , torn plastic sandals on his feet , I know I can not possibly understand the life this young boy is forced to lead in war-torn Afghanistan -- where jobs are few , pay is appalling , and young children must work rather than go to school and play with their friends . Nazer is one of the boy mechanics of the Sarai Malim yard in western Kabul . CNN producer Matiullah Mati has brought me here . As an Afghan , Mati sees a side of life here that the NATO generals and politicians never see . There are dozens of young boys here -- thin and frail because of a lack of nutrition brought on by staggering poverty . They are typically brought to the muddy yard by a male relative . Dozens of ramshackle huts , lean-tos and tiny one-room buildings house auto mechanics and repair shops where cars , buses and trucks are brought by local Afghans to be fixed . There is no safety gear . Welding sparks hit one young boy 's eye as Nazer carries large pieces of metal across the yard . Another young boy struggles under the weight of large pails of supplies he is carrying . Nazer agrees to sit for a few minutes to talk to me , with Mati translating . His words are few . I quickly learn he works ten hours a day , six days a week . The boss pays him less than a dollar a day . And his wages are the only income for his family of five . His father was blinded years ago in a Soviet rocket attack and can not work . His mother has two other small children at home . Nazer has had three years of school . Then , last year , his uncle brought him here . It takes Nazer one hour to walk from his one-room home to the yard . He arrives at 7 a.m. and begins to work . He and the boys get a morning and noon meal . At the end of his ten-hour day , this small boy walks home again , often in the very lonely dark . When I ask if he ever plays with friends , I get a heartbreaking answer of one word : "  No . " In Nazer 's world there is no time for play . He tells me he just works and there is "  no time for fun . " He tells me he is happy to have the job and be able to help his family . But these boy mechanics of Kabul do have dreams of another life for themselves -- and , remarkably , for their country . Nazer tells me he would like to go back to school and become a teacher . He says he feels it 's a way he can "  serve " his country . Throughout our chat , Nazer never smiles . Not once . Across the yard we meet 12-year-old Mohammed Azam inside one of the dark shops , bent over his cooking pots . His father brings him here to cook for the workers and then he can go to school . Mohammed says he does n't want to be a mechanic . He says he wants to be a doctor so he can "  serve society . " Mohammed 's father Najibullah has a philosophical outlook tempered by the reality of life in this country . "  Knowledge is good , education is good . But most of these boys are poor and they must work . " CNN 's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .	Boys in their early teens work as mechanics with no safety gear in Afghan capital 14-year-old Nazer Ahmad earns less than a dollar a day -- his family 's only income Nazer works ten-hour days , says he has no time for fun He 'd like to go back to school and become a teacher to "  serve " his country
CNN  -- For those craving to look like the young rock star fashionistas lighting up the Billboard charts , copycat fashion blogs may be the cure . As Nicki Minaj sassily questions people trying to steal her style in her popular song , "  Saxon , " "  Did you copy that , copycat ? " Female musicians of all genres have long been regarded as fashion icons , and today 's music scene is no exception . Lady Gaga , Minaj , Katy Perry and even wild child Ke $ ha are inspiring trends tending toward the outrageous -- and people are looking for some outrageous in their life , it seems . "  What I love about Nicki Minaj 's style is that she is not afraid to push the envelope , " says Niki Schwan , one of Minaj 's stylists . "  She is less concerned with what people ` will think ' and more focused on how she is feeling at that moment -- how she wants to be seen for that event , rather than dressing for what she thinks people will want to see her in . I love that she has almost encouraged and used hair and makeup as an accessory . " Want to wear a kaleidoscope of color like Minaj ? Start with the hair . According to Schwan , wig sales , especially the bright color variety , are booming . "  Nicki never takes herself too seriously , which makes this outlandish fun style really approachable , " Schwan says . "  She incorporates tons of humor into her style , and is fearless in her approach , which I think people really admire and appreciate as an artist , a woman and a rising icon . " The fashions of rising icons are n't far from becoming your own street style reality . While copycat fashion is n't a new trend , the clothing inspiring these trends can feel unattainable or impossible . Fortunately , "  impossible " does n't exist for blogger Anna Nguyen . An interior design graduate of the Fashion Institute of Design and Merchandising , Nguyen , 27 , is the founder of Style with Anna . "  I love taking a crazy Lady Gaga outfit and translating it to daywear , " Nguyen says . "  It looks great on stage , but most of us are n't on stage . This way , you can channel your own inner Lady Gaga . " Based out of Irvine , California , Nguyen is no stranger to celebrity fashion . She began her blog two years ago to prove a point : The interior designer also knew as much about dressing people as she did staging a living room . Because of her own obsession with Lady Gaga 's fashion , Nguyen says she began posting "  How to Dress Like " female musicians and celebrities . Then came a flood of e-mails asking "  Can you do a Ke $ ha post , too ? " and other similar requests . As someone who loves to dress other people , Nguyen jumped on the challenge of copycat fashion . Nguyen has the mind of a designer . In a matter of minutes , she can analyze an outrageous outfit and translate it into something appropriate for the workplace , or even a design for a room . She builds collages of different components she finds , and soon , Nguyen has composed an accessible version of a rock star ensemble . For example , if Lady Gaga is wearing an outfit covered with feathers , Nguyen recommends finding a cool feather necklace to add some funk to your wardrobe . If an outfit completely mystifies you , just look at the fabric or material and base your search on that , Nguyen says . So what does Nguyen see as the drive behind all the requests she receives for her popular "  How to Dress Like " posts ? "  It 's fun to change up everyday style , " Nguyen says . "  It takes the focus off everything else going on in the world . We can use what we already have in our closets and funk it up , even just with accessories , to express ourselves . People want something to be inspired by . " If you 're cautious about wearing Gaga or Ke $ ha swag in the workplace but still want to emulate a style icon , try for something that fits your tastes , Nguyen says . "  For the average fashion-inclined person , Beyonce has a sophisticated style that is calm enough to translate to the normal working world , " Nguyen says . Although a Lady Gaga fan , Nguyen does n't neglect other musicians in the name of being one of Lady G 's "  little monsters , " the nickname given to Gaga fans . Under the Styles and Trends section , there are "  How to Dress Like " collages for a multitude of artists and celebrities , and even a section for men under Fashion for Guys . However , some female rockers and songsters already wear styles that are easily attainable . Even if "  teenage dream " queen Katy Perry attempts to be elusive , you can simply Steal Her Style with Linda Paiste 's blog . A fan of the band Paramore , Paiste wanted to create a website to show her appreciation , but not just another fan site . Paiste was also a fan of lead singer Hayley Williams ' style -- it was fun , edgy and accessible . She did n't think her first site , Hayley Fashion , would gain popularity so quickly . Today , nearly 14,000 people a day stop by Hayley Fashion , with 7,000 glancing at Steal Her Style as well . The latter has more than 60,000 unique visitors a month . "  I never expected it to be a big thing , " Paiste says . "  Then , I started receiving e-mails from other people saying , ' I wish there was a site like this for Katy Perry , ' and I thought , ' I could do that . ' So , I made a site for everyone , something that is all-encompassing . " A community of contributors built up around the newly formed Steal Her Style , which focuses only on female musicians , as well as Hayley Fashion . People e-mailed her regularly with "  found " outfits . The three most popular artists on Steal Her Style are Katy Perry , Cassadee Pope of Hey Monday and Sierra Kusterbeck of VersaEmerge , but there are numerous posts about other musicians as well . While some visitors to the site are stopping by for ideas about their own style , others are looking for where to buy exact items worn by their favorite musicians . "  It depends on the person , " Paiste says . "  Katy Perry has a stylist , so all of her outfits are really well put together . It 's just looking at what she wears to help pull together your own look . With bands , you can buy what they 're wearing at stores like Hot Topic . They are things that anyone can buy and anyone can wear . " Posts about outfits seen on stage translate easily to affordable jewelry , T-shirts , jeans and jackets , usually with links to where they can be found . By keeping up with popular artists , Paiste also has an eye on evolving trends . According to Paiste , the "  hipster " look is ever present , from Minnetonka fringe boots and moccasins to SpiritHoods , animal-inspired hats . Without the current music scene , Paiste questions if something like SpiritHoods would have caught on . Copycat style is a sense of fashion all its own and to attain it , some people take things a step further : enlisting the help of a personal shopper . When clients approach Bloomingdales ' personal shoppers to help build up their wardrobes , they already come with inspiration . "  Clients will comment about a trend or style worn by a celebrity , " Marian Goodman , vice president of personal shopping , says . "  The studded shoes and platforms from Burberry and Sam Edelman have been popular . " "  Clients are inspired by celebrity style and they will then ` adapt ' those trends to fit into their own lifestyle . Copycat fashion is its own trend , especially when it comes to accessories . " Just like the blogs that help you adopt your own copycat look , artists and celebrities wear a myriad array of styles that provide a springboard for personal inspiration . "  With artists like Nicki Minaj , Lady Gaga and Rihanna in the forefront of the entertainment spotlight , there is a wide-open door to express yourself through your style and fashion , " Schwan says . "  It is accepted and encouraged , and ultimately inspired by these types of icons , who are each different from one another , yet each the same in that they are not afraid to express their style and brand through what they wear . "	Musicians like Katy Perry , Lady Gaga , Nicki Minaj , Ke $ ha influence fashion trends Rock singers often wear clothing that can be purchased at stores like Hot Topic Copycat blogs allow you to bring musician-influenced style into your wardrobe
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Turn back time , more than 90 years , to a cold case that wo n't gather dust . It 's a classic whodunit , starting with the rape and murder of a 13-year-old girl and ending in a lynching . It was grist for a prosecutor 's political aspirations , a case that was appealed all the way to the country 's highest court and a story hotly debated in the national press . At the center of it all was Leo Frank , a northern Jew who 'd moved to Atlanta to supervise the National Pencil Company factory . When the body of Mary Phagan , a white child laborer , was found in the basement , law enforcement homed in on Frank . He was tried and convicted , based on what most historians say was the perjured testimony of a black man , and sentenced to death . But when the governor commuted his sentence in 1915 , about 25 men abducted Frank , 31 , from the state prison and hung him from a tree in Marietta , Georgia . Considered one of the most sensational trials of the early 20th century , the Frank case seemed to press every hot-button issue of the time : North vs. South , black vs. white , Jew vs. Christian , industrial vs. agrarian . In the years since , it has inspired numerous books and films , TV programs , plays , musicals and songs . It has fueled legal discussions , spawned a traveling exhibition and driven public forums . Who murdered Mary Phagan ? What forces were behind the lynching of Frank ? Why should we still care ? Answers to these questions , or theories , keep coming . "  Leo Frank was not a good ole Southern boy . He was different and not ashamed of being different , " said Ben Loeterman , whose new documentary , "  The People v. Leo Frank , " will air Monday on PBS . "  The test of us as a society is not necessarily how we treat the best among us but how we treat the most questionable . " Mixed in with ongoing analysis of the Phagan-Frank story are the descendants of those involved , people who learned of their connections differently and carry these legacies forward in unique ways . The accused "  The story goes that no one in my family talked about it , " said Cathee Smithline , a 62-year-old great-niece of Frank . Frank was the one who handed Mary Phagan her check when she stopped by the factory on April 26 , 1913 , Confederate Memorial Day . The night watchman , Newt Lee , would find the body and call police early the next day . Smithline , of Wyckoff , New Jersey , was 16 when she first heard about the case . Her mother sat her down , told her a story about what a man in the South had been through , said it was based on her uncle and handed over a book : "  A Little Girl is Dead . " It turns out Smithline 's mother got the news in her teens , too , when her boyfriend turned to her after seeing "  They Wo n't Forget , " a 1937 Hollywood film . "  You know that 's about your uncle , " he said . She 'd grown up hearing Uncle Leo died of pneumonia , and after asking family about it , the truth was revealed , followed by the words , "  We will never talk about this again , " Smithline said . "  I think it was a family embarrassment , " she said . "  My grandmother -LSB- who died when Smithline was 1 -RSB- was very close to her brother . It can not be easy to tell someone your brother was lynched and why . " The first victim Mary Phagan Kean was 13 when the story hit her . She was in a South Carolina classroom , and her name stopped short a teacher taking attendance . "  Mary Phagan , you say ? " she recalled the teacher asking , peering up from his list . He wanted to know if she was related to a girl with that name who died in 1913 . Confidently , she told him she was n't . But the boys on the playground taunted her anyway , telling her she was reincarnated from a dead girl . Traumatized , she asked her father about her name . "  He turned whiter than white , " she remembered . Mary Phagan had been her grandfather 's little sister . He only wept when asked about her . When Mary Phagan Kean 's family moved back to Marietta , questions about that name never stopped . "  I went on a campaign , " said Kean , 55 , who sought out every article and piece of information she could find . "  I did that for years and years and years . " The consensus of historians is that the Frank case was a miscarriage of justice . Crime scene evidence was destroyed , they say . A bloody hand print was not analyzed . Transcripts from the trial vanished . Frank 's conviction was based largely on the testimony of a janitor , Jim Conley , who most came to see as Phagan 's killer . He 'd written notes found with the body , but said they were dictated to him . The prosecutor , Hugh Dorsey , used race in his argument , saying a black man could n't be smart enough to come up with such stories . Witnesses would come forward to say Conley was seen carrying the body and washing out a bloody shirt . Conley 's own attorney , William Smith , came to believe in Frank 's innocence , scrawling a note to that effect on his death bed nearly 35 years later . Conley , who appeared in the press for petty crimes over the years , eventually disappeared . Dorsey , the prosecutor , had political aspirations riding on this win . "  A conviction of just another black guy was n't going to do anything for his career , " said Sandy Berman , the archivist at The William Breman Jewish Heritage Museum in Atlanta who created the traveling exhibit , "  Seeking Justice : The Leo Frank Case Revisited . " Two years after Frank 's lynching , Dorsey was elected governor of Georgia . But the story was interpreted differently by Kean , who wrote "  The Murder of Little Mary Phagan , " and stands by this conclusion : "  Leo Frank was guilty as sin . He was a sexual pervert . " Kean often visits her namesake 's grave in Marietta . She 's not the only one . She says she 's struck by the teddy bears people leave there . The governor Elizabeth Slaton Wallace could n't be prouder of her heritage . At 81 , she 's the great-niece of the late Georgia Gov. John M. Slaton , the man who commuted Frank 's death sentence to a life sentence , believing Frank 's innocence would be proved and , in doing so , ruined his political career . The Georgia National Guard was called out to protect the governor after his decision prompted a rabble-rousing newspaper publisher to call for the lynching of both Frank and Slaton . Frank had been moved to the state prison in Milledgeville , Georgia , where an inmate slashed his throat . He survived , but weeks later about two dozen Marietta men came into the prison , with no resistance from officials , and abducted Frank in the dark of night . By dawn , he was hanging from a tree in Marietta . Photographs of his dangling body and the crowds who gathered there adorned souvenir postcards . "  Leo Frank was a Jew and a Yankee Jew at that . He was railroaded . Uncle Jack knew that , " said Wallace , who lives in Atlanta . She ca n't explain why the story persists to this day . But throughout her life she 's witnessed the kindness of the Jewish community , especially toward her father , who was named for the late governor . "  The Jewish community could never do enough for my father , " said Wallace , who recalled being in a Jewish-owned store with her parents in the 1980s . "  They could have given us the shop . " As grateful as they were to Slaton , Frank 's lynching left Georgia 's small Jewish community frightened . Many left the state ; those who stayed kept a low profile . For decades , they only spoke of Frank in hushed tones . The lynching party The lynching of a white man can hardly be compared to what happened in the black community in the South . But this case , the only lynching of a Jew on American soil , was the culmination of a state-sponsored conspiracy , historians say . While Georgia Jews remained quiet , so did those who were involved in Frank 's killing , said Steve Oney of Los Angeles , California , who wrote the authoritative book "  And the Dead Shall Rise : The Murder of Mary Phagan and the Lynching of Leo Frank . " It would be about 80 years before members of the lynching party were publicly , and not just secretly , known . "  They were not liquored-up yahoos , " said Oney , a journalist , editor and Atlanta native who spent 17 years researching his book . "  These were smart , deliberate people -- from good , prominent families . " They included a former governor , a former mayor , a U.S. senator 's son , a judge , lawyers , a state legislator and business owners . One of the 25 or so men was Cicero Dobbs , the grandfather-in-law of Roy Barnes , a Georgia lawyer and politician who is a former governor himself and will be running again in 2010 . Barnes and his wife , Marie , never knew Dobbs , who owned a taxi company in Marietta and likely provided transportation to the prison where Frank was held . Oney broke the news about the family connection to them . "  Marie 's parents did n't know . It was never mentioned , " Barnes said . "  On death beds , people confessed . It was just that powerful . " Barnes , who is featured in the new documentary , said it 's important to keep the story alive and learn from it . "  It 's a terrible blot on our history , " he said . "  How we keep it from happening again is to never forget . "	Mary Phagan 's murder in 1913 spawned an Atlanta trial that 's still talked about today Leo Frank was convicted , later lynched by mob of respected community leaders Case hit hot buttons : North vs. South ; Jew vs. Christian ; black vs. white Story continues through new books , films and descendants from all sides
CNN  -- Call Shonda Rhimes an "  angry black woman " if you want , but be prepared for the response . A Twitter firestorm erupted Friday morning when New York Times writer Alessandra Stanley described Rhimes , the producer of ABC 's "  Scandal , " "  Grey 's Anatomy " and the new "  How to Get Away with Murder , " by using the term "  angry black woman " in a feature about her . "  When Shonda Rhimes writes her autobiography , it should be called ` How to Get Away With Being an Angry Black Woman , ' " Stanley wrote . The story later observed , "  Ms. Rhimes has embraced the trite but persistent caricature of the Angry Black Woman , recast it in her own image and made it enviable . " Immediately , the Internet reacted , led by a bemused Rhimes , who observed that she did n't create "  How to Get Away with Murder . " "  Confused why @nytimes critic does n't know identity of CREATOR of show she 's reviewing , " she tweeted in response to a tweet from Pete Nowalk , who did create the series .  Incidentally , Nowalk -- a former "  Grey 's " staffer -- is a white male . Rhimes was just getting started . "  Apparently we can be ` angry black women ' together , because I did n't know I was one either ! @petenowa #LearnSomethingNewEveryday , " she continued . And , noting that Stanley had highlighted a rant from "  Scandal 's " Olivia Pope  Kerry Washington  as illustrative of Rhimes ' own perceived anger , she wondered why other rants by white characters do n't get the same attention . "  Final thing :  then I am gon na do some yoga  : how come I am not ` an angry black woman ' the many times Meredith  or Addison !  rants ? @nytimes , " she tweeted . "  Grey 's " star Ellen Pompeo , who plays Meredith Grey on "  Grey 's Anatomy , " agreed . "  Did n't Meredith Grey  Medusa  and Christina Yang also terrify and intimidate medical students ? " she tweeted . Others also lit into the Times piece . "  Wow , " tweeted "  Scandal 's " Joshua Malina . "  Did I just read a @nytimes piece that reduced my brilliant , creative , compassionate , thoughtful , bada ** boss to an ` angry black woman ? ' " Malina 's co-star Washington gave a more pointed response , referring the Times to two articles that dispute the "  angry black woman " label . "  So Shonda Rhimes is ` angry black woman ' but Aaron Sorkin ` delivers an opinionated speech ' and ` forceful denunciation ' , " posted Sarah Kendzior of "  The Newsroom 's " writer and creator , who 's also fond of rants . "  Too many thoughts on the Shonda-Rhimes-Is-An-Angry-Black-Woman debacle . Mostly : REALLY , @nytimes ?! " added Rachel Simon . Stanley wondered what all the fuss was about . "  The whole point of the piece -- once you read past the first 140 characters -- is to praise Shonda Rhimes for pushing back so successfully on a tiresome but insidious stereotype , " she said in a statement . CNN 's Doug Ganley contributed to this report .	Shonda Rhimes called "  angry black woman " in New York Times piece Rhimes surprised by description , strikes back on Twitter Others also wonder where label came from Rhimes is one of TV 's leading showrunners
CNN  -- Q : This week the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force issued preliminary guidelines for ovarian cancer screening . It recommends against routine screening saying that the risk of false positive diagnoses outweighs the benefits . How can this be and why is it so hard to find a good screening test for ovarian cancer ? A : The U , S. Preventive Services Task Force is a group of medical experts who assess the scientific literature on an issue , such as ovarian cancer screening , before making a recommendation . They do influence how doctors practice medicine . The statement recommends against routine ovarian cancer screening because they find the evidence of harm associated with screening is greater than the evidence of benefit . Unfortunately we do not have a good screening test for ovarian cancer , the fifth leading cause of cancer death in women . We need something as effective for ovarian cancer screening as pap smears are for cervix cancer screening . It is a surprise to many that a screening test could be considered more harmful than helpful . The problem is routine ovarian cancer screening starts a cavalcade of medical procedures associated with harms that are greater than the ultimate benefits . Importantly , it is not that there is no benefit to ovarian cancer screening . The problem is there is not a "  net benefit . " The blood test CA 125 is elevated in about half of women who are known to have ovarian cancer . If effectively treated by surgery or chemotherapy , the CA 125 level in the blood goes down . It has been used for nearly three decades to follow progress in treatment . This test was suggested for screening in the late 1980s . Screening is doing a test in asymptomatic patients who are not suspected of having the disease but are at risk because of age and gender . Very early on , many thought CA 125 would not work well as a screening test . A teacher gave me this example more than 20 years ago and it still holds . It is dense in numbers , but I think it is followable . It illustrates how a public health physician thinks of a screening test and the trouble with CA 125 . A group of investigators tested the CA 125 blood test for screening in a group of 915 women average age 55 , and a total of 36 or 3.9 % were abnormal  a level greater than 35 U/ml  . These women were evaluated for ovarian cancer and followed . Ultimately none had ovarian cancer . What if one was to screen 100,000 women ? That means 3.9 % of the 100,000 or 3,900 women will have false positive findings . Using U.S. cancer incidence data , 13 women in the 100,000 would have ovarian cancer in a given year . Given that most of the 13 women will be diagnosed with incurable advanced ovarian cancer , a fair assumption is six of the 3,900 will be diagnosed with a potentially curable ovarian cancer . Given that CA 125 is positive in half of ovarian cancer patients , one would reasonably estimate that three of the six women with curable disease would be identified . That is three potential cures in the more than 3,900 women screened . Of the 100,000 women , we expect 148 will die of cancer and nine of the 148 will be die because of ovarian cancer within a year of the screen . That might sound worthwhile at face value , but lets look at the harms of screening . Most of the 3,900 women will get further testing . This consists mostly of ultrasounds and CAT scans . Several hundred will need to get laparoscopy or more invasive abdominal surgery for evaluation . This is the area of greatest concern . One survey shows 14 % of women over the age of 65 have complications after abdominal surgery . Surgical complications cause death in 1 % to 2 % of women over 65 and one-half of 1 % of women over 50 , Several hundred women will get abdominal surgery . When done as a routine test it is quite easy to see that ovarian cancer screening could actually cause the death of more women than the number of women saved . Most of the women who have bad outcomes will not have ovarian cancer . The gold standard for proving effectiveness of a screening test is a prospective randomized clinical trial comparing a screened group to a group that is not screened over time . The U.S. National Cancer Institute began such a study in 1993 and published the result in 2011 . The trial included 78,216 women aged 55 to 74 . It randomly assigned 39,105 to screening and 39,111 to usual care . After an average of more than 12 years of follow-up , the groups had no difference in the ovarian cancer death rate . This means that the trial showed no evidence of routine screening saving lives . CA 125 is not a good test for ovarian cancer screening , and ovarian cancer may not be a good cancer for screening . What we need is a test that flags fewer people who do not have the disease as suspicious of having the disease . It would be even better if the test found more than half of the women who have the disease . Screening also works better in cancers that tend to stay localized for longer periods of time . Many ovarian cancers spread throughout the abdomen very early in the life of the cancer when the tumor is still very small . It is important to note that the task force addressed routine screening . The test can be appropriate for screening a woman known to be at high risk for ovarian cancer because of a family history . The test may also be appropriate in assessing a woman who has lower abdominal discomforts . The opinions expressed in this article do not necessarily represent those of CNN , The American Cancer Society , or Emory University .	There 's no good screening test for ovarian cancer , the 5th leading cause of cancer deaths in women A blood test called CA 125 is elevated in about half of women with ovarian cancer , but it 's not a good test Dr. Otis Brawley : We need a test that flags fewer people who do n't have the disease as suspicious
CNN  Mikaela Shiffrin is on course to make skiing history after claiming her third consecutive slalom victory on the World Cup circuit on Saturday . The young American is hoping to become the first woman to win both the discipline 's world title and overall crown in successive seasons . Shiffrin , who retained her slalom title at February 's world championships in Colorado , now has a 90-point lead going into next week 's World Cup finale in France . "  I think the first couple races of the season I was pretty arrogant and was like , ` I 'm just going to win these , I guess . ' And I did n't . I was n't even close , " said Shiffrin , who has won the slalom Crystal Globe two years running . "  When you 're racing at a high level -- or doing any sport at a high level -- everybody 's going for the win . I learned that I ca n't take my foot off the gas and expect to win . These last races , I was pushing everything . Any race that I won this season , I was giving my entire heart into it . I 'm proud of that . " A day after her 20th birthday , Shiffrin won by a comfortable 1.41 seconds at Are in Sweden as she claimed the 14th World Cup win of her career , with Slovakia 's Veronika Velez Zuzulova second and Czech Republic 's Sarka Strachova third . Slalom title rival Frida Hansdotter finished sixth in front of her home fans . Tina Maze missed a chance to close the gap on overall World Cup leader Anna Fenninger , who did not race , as the Slovenian finished back in 16th . Defending champion Fenninger has a 30-point lead following the Austrian 's victory in Friday 's giant slalom in Are , where Shiffrin was fourth and Maze 20th . Fenninger has an 86-point lead in the giant slalom standings from fellow Austrian Eva-Maria Brem -- who was third on Friday -- while Shiffrin is another 35 points back . Meanwhile , Marcel Hirscher clinched the men 's giant slalom title ahead of the finals in Meribel as the Austrian finished second in Saturday 's penultimate race in Slovenia . The 26-year-old now has a 128-point advantage as he seeks to win his fourth successive overall title as closest rival Kjetil Jansrud finished 23rd in Kranjska Gora . France 's Alexis Pinturault won on Saturday to be second in the giant slalom standings ahead of American Ted Ligety and third in the overall competition . Olympic champion Ligety has won the last two giant slalom Crystal Globes but has dropped off the pace after a disappointing second half of the season . On Saturday , he was fourth behind France 's Thomas Fanara . "  This is the first time since the change in the ski rules  after the 2011-12 season  that I 've caught the globe in GS , " Hirscher said . "  For me , it was two years with a lot of thinking and disappointment against Ted . "  I was 2.7 seconds behind Ted in the first race with the longer skis . We realized that we are so far away from Ted and that was the beginning of a long way and a lot of work , a lot of test and some different setup things . Many people worked really hard for this success . " Like us on Facebook	U.S. skier Mikaela Shiffrin wins World Cup slalom race in Are , Sweden on Saturday The 20-year-old is poised to clinch a historic double at finals in Meribel
CNN  -- We watched in horror this week at the execution of an Afghan woman who was shot nine times while a crowd of roaring men who call themselves Muslim cheered and screamed . We were reminded of a similar tragedy that took place in 1999 in which a mother of five , clad in a blue burqa , was shot dead in a soccer stadium in Kabul . Both of these women were wrongfully accused of adultery , as there was no proof , evidence , fair trial , due process or justice . The similarities between the two slayings signaled to us that not much has changed in Afghanistan in the decade since the United States first became involved there . When we Americans ask why we have failed in Afghanistan , we blame the Afghans ' antiquated tribal practices and their hate of America 's freedom , and most of all , we blame their religion : Islam . Though we have said it over and over again , let us reiterate once more : The actions of these men were in absolute and supreme violation of God 's laws , and Islam does not condone unmitigated violence of any kind . Period . Manhunt under way for Taliban who shot woman in public execution Though the U.S. declared the promotion of women 's rights , human rights and democracy as its policy goals before invading Afghanistan , it would appear that all three were lost in our efforts to establish a "  secular " democracy in an Islamic Republic . When our government deployed our troops intending to eliminate al Qaeda and the Taliban and establish a new government in Afghanistan , we took responsibility for the future of its people . Is it not tragic , after all the bloodshed and the billions of taxpayers ' dollars spent , that there could be a resurgence of the Taliban and this kind of unimaginable violence ? When the U.S. leaves Afghanistan permanently , Afghan women will undoubtedly suffer . Throughout the past decade , our policymakers have failed to take into account the important role that religion held  and still holds  in the structure of Afghan society . If we want to affect the way that Afghans conceptualize important notions such as justice , we must understand the forces in their lives that guide their decisions . Poll : Religion is not the biggest enemy for Arab women After 30 years of constant warfare , unstable political , civil and governmental systems and a dismal education system , many Afghans look to religious authorities to guide their actions . The solution to fighting extremism and affecting change in Afghanistan lies within the religious system ; secular ideologies that are imposed on Afghans are alien to them . Having said this , Americans do not have to sacrifice our goals of spreading democracy and peace to the Afghan people . Just as our Founding Fathers established "  life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness " as basic rights for all Americans , so too does Islam establish the protection and preservation of life , religion , family , intellect , property and dignity for all . We must look for ways in which such rights can be realized , and ways in which we can work with Afghans to address these injustices . In 2006 , Daisy founded the Women 's Islamic Initiative on Spirituality and Equality  WISE  , a social justice movement that works to reclaim women 's rights in Islam . Its Global Muslim Women 's Shura Council of scholars and activists were so compelled by the level of violence against women that they published "  Jihad Against Violence , "  PDF  a report that condemns both violent extremism and domestic violence . The response to this report , along with WISE 's Imam Training Program to End Violence against Women in Afghanistan , was overwhelming . Many Afghan imams confided in us that the scriptural evidence that we provided helped them to realize that they were propagating distorted and incorrect interpretations of the Quran , unintentionally . Egypt 's Islamists : Much to prove on women 's rights The value of these religious literacy trainings were so transformative that we were told , "  The U.S. government should not have spent billions  on the war  ; they should have spent millions and involved the imams  with regards to women 's rights  , and everything would have been different today . " Similarly , an Afghan woman told us , "  imams are our only shield against the Taliban . " The Arab Spring has forced U.S. policymakers to acknowledge the fundamental importance of engaging with religious-political movements in the Middle East , and efforts to include these movements are gradually making their way into our foreign policy . As Muslims , we know that it is only in the religious sphere that we can achieve our vision of peace , democracy , prosperity and the realization of human and women 's rights in Afghanistan , and prevent atrocities like public executions from ever happening again . Opinion : Why world must react to Taliban execution Saving Face : The struggle and survival of Afghan women The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf and Daisy Khan .	Opinion : U.S. underestimates importance of Islam in making Afghanistan a better place Authors say Islam establishes protection and preservation of life , and dignity for all They say the U.S. should work with imams to improve lives in Afghanistan
New York  CNN  -- The shooting death of a New York City shopkeeper Friday is raising the possibility of a three-time killer on the loose , police said . A .22 - caliber handgun is the link . "  The same gun was used in all three murders , " said Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne . But police are stopping short of calling the multiple deaths the work of a serial killer . "  It 's too soon to tell , " Browne said . "  There are similar things in each case , but that determination has n't been made yet . " Ballistics tests on shell casings found at the crime scene indicate the .22 - caliber gun used in the slaying of Vahidipour Rahmatollah , 78 , at his clothing store in Brooklyn last week is the same weapon used since July in the killings of two other small business owners , also in Brooklyn . "  That does n't say it 's the same person who fired the gun , but that 's the working premise , that it 's the same shooter , " Browne told CNN . Rahmatollah was shot three times in the head and torso and killed inside his women 's clothing store called , She-She Boutique , according to police . Police said Sunday they wanted to talk with four "  unknown individuals " seen on videotapes from security cameras in the area of the store between the time Rahmatollah was last known to be alive and the time his body was found . "  Detectives want to question them about what they may have observed because of the time of day and their proximity to the homicide scene , " a police statement said . Forensic tests show the same weapon was used in the August 3 shooting death of Isaac Kadare , 59 , who was killed in his store , Amazing 99 Cent Deals . Police said he was shot in the head . On July 6 , Mohammed Gebeli , 65 , was gunned down in his clothing shop , Valentino Fashion Inc. . Besides being shot in the head , police said Gebeli was also stabbed in the neck . There are distinct similarities in the way the victims were positioned after their deaths . Law enforcement sources said each victim 's body was pulled away from the stores ' front windows and either covered by clothes or hidden by merchandise . "  It 's consistent with hiding anything from immediate view of the street , so that it 's not seen from someone passing by right away , " said one source . "  It may have been done to give the killer more time to make  his  getaway , " added another police source . Browne said all three victims have ties to the Middle East , but for now , investigators are n't drawing any conclusions . "  There 's nothing to suggest a bias , " Browne told CNN . However , a task force set up to help solve the first two slayings has now been expanded to add someone from the hate crimes task force , Browne added . "  Some of the victims had an Arabic or Persian background , one was Jewish , but there was no one religion or ethnicity , although that might not be obvious to the killer , " Browne said . Some money was taken in the first two killings , raising the possibility of violent robberies . However , investigators said it 's not yet clear in the most recent killing whether Rahmatollah 's store had any money missing . "  We 're still trying to determine that , " Browne said . The FBI 's website defines serial killers as "  three or more killings ... having common characteristics such as to suggest the reasonable possibility that the crimes were committed by the same actor or actors . " However , Paul Callan , a former deputy chief in the Brooklyn district attorney 's office who helped prosecute the "  Son of Sam " case in the '70s agrees with the NYPD 's hesitation to label the three shopkeepers ' deaths as serial killings at this stage . Enough is n't known , according to Callan , who is also a CNN legal analyst . "  Police will resist that characterization because they will be fearful that high publicity will alert the killer and impede the investigation , " Callan said .	Three Brooklyn shopkeepers have been shot and killed since July The most recent killing occurred Friday The same gun was used in all three slayings , a police official says
CNN  -- They 've been a couple for two years and are eager to raise two children together . But it was n't until Thursday that Holli Bartelt and Amy Petrich were allowed to legally wed. . They wasted no time . They made plans to tie the knot one minute after a law permitting gay marriage went into effect in their home state of Minnesota . At 12 a.m. Thursday , Minnesota and Rhode Island officially became the latest among 13 states -- plus the District of Columbia -- to allow same-sex marriage . Both states passed applicable laws in May . Seven more states allow civil unions between same-sex couples , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures , but six of those have laws against gay marriage . Marriage is defined by law as a "  relationship between a man and a woman " in 29 states . Only New Mexico has no laws pertaining to same-sex marriage or civil unions on the books , NCSL says . The slow but steady rise in the number of states allowing same-sex couples to wed is a sign that the United States is gradually marching toward the acceptance of these unions . According to a May Gallup Poll , 53 % of Americans now think same-sex unions should be legal . In 1996 , that number was 27 % . In June , the Supreme Court gave proponents of same-sex marriage two major victories . It struck down parts of the Defense of Marriage Act that denied the same benefits provided to heterosexual spouses to legally married same-sex couples , and allowed same-sex marriages to resume in California . Going to the chapel Bartelt and Petrich exchanged vows at 12:01 a.m. at the wedding chapel in the Mall of America in Bloomington , a particularly romantic spot for the two . They recently got engaged in a photo booth there , a statement from the mall said . They strode to the altar together decked out in white . Petrich wore a pant suit , Bartelt a long gown . Bartelt 's two children , ages 9 and 10 , joined them , wearing blue and orange colors , which stand for marriage equality . The were pronounced "  wife and wife . " They were among the first same sex couples to marry in the state -- but they had competition . California court denies bid to halt same-sex marriages in state Midnight matrimony Right at midnight , Mayor R.T. Rybak of Minneapolis presided over the unions of 42 same-sex couples at city hall , CNN affiliate KARE reported . The couples were scheduled to be at the altar early , so Rybak could move the ceremony along in time for the first wedding vows to be over right when the clock struck 12 . The mayor studied up on the couples beforehand to keep things personal during the mass wedding . "  I never want to have a day where it feels like a conveyor belt of love , " Rybak told CNN affiliate WCCO . In St. Paul , Reid Bordson and Paul Nolle joined the wave of midnight matrimony . They have been a committed couple for 13 years and waited a long time for this moment . But for someone else , the wait may have felt even longer . Bordson and Nolle are raising a 2-year-old daughter together . "  For her to know that we 're able to be married like other families is a really big deal , " Bordson told KARE , choking back tears . Nolle reached for his hand . Island wedding In Rhode Island , the first marriages were planned for Thursday morning . The sponsor of the state 's same-sex marriage law , Sen. Donna Nesselbush , plans to be at Pawtucket City Hall to greet them , she told CNN affiliate WPRI . "  As the only openly gay senator and as the prime sponsor of the bill in the Senate ,  Thursday  is a day that I wish to remember both professionally and personally , " she said . She wants the day to be about love and commitment .	Minnesota and Rhode Island become the latest among 13 states to allow same-sex marriage Couples committed to each other for years wed in Minnesota Minneapolis ' mayor weds 42 couples at the stroke of midnight Poll : 53 % of Americans think same-sex unions should be legal
CNN  -- "  How do you write to a family that your own father hurt so much ? " Sebastian Marroquin , son of the infamous Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar , posed this question in a letter to the families of two of his father 's most prominent victims . Rodrigo Lara Bonilla was Colombia 's justice minister in the early 1980s and one of the first to aggressively pursue cocaine traffickers . He was murdered in 1984 . Six years later , Luis Carlos Galan was a presidential candidate who publicly decried the drug cartels . He was assassinated during a campaign rally in 1989 . Escobar ordered both hits , according to authorities . One thing the drug lord and the public servants had in common is that they had children of roughly the same age . Now grown , their children have embarked on a reconciliation effort that was impossible for their parents , thanks in part to a new documentary by Argentine filmmaker Nicolas Entel . Entel 's film , "  Sins of My Father , " chronicles the path toward peace taken by the young men . Marroquin was breaking a silence of 16 years by being in the film . Marroquin , current Colombian Sen. Juan Manuel Galan , Bogota Councilman Carlos Fernando Galan and Sen. Rodrigo Lara spoke collectively to CNN en Espaol about how they were brought together . The younger Galans and Lara followed their slain fathers ' footsteps into politics . Marroquin , who was born Juan Pablo Escobar , ran away from the path his father chose , changing his name once he and his mother left Colombia , after Pablo Escobar was killed in a rooftop shootout with authorities in 1993 . "  I learned many things from my father , " Marroquin says in the documentary . "  The most important one was that if I want to live , I have to do the opposite of what he did . That was my lesson . " Until now , he has lived his life largely under the radar . It took Marroquin a lot of reflection and a lot of time to write the letter because he was fearful of offending the victims ' families . "  It was a letter that really moved us , " Juan Manuel Galan said . "  We felt it was truly sincere , frank and transparent , and that this was a person who was honestly saying how he felt . " Lara , who was 8 years old when his father was assassinated , said he originally sought revenge for his father 's death . He still seeks justice for his father 's murder , but he has made peace with Escobar 's son . Marroquin asked for forgiveness for his father 's acts , for crimes that Marroquin did not commit , Lara said . True reconciliation comes from justice being served , Lara said . By cooperating in the film , his message to Colombians is about the "  need to break the country 's cycle of violence , " Lara said . "  To forgive , one must remember , the other choice is to forget , " Lara said . Putting himself in the spotlight could pose risks because of Escobar 's violent legacy , Marroquin said , but he hopes showing the reconciliation to the Colombian public on the big screen will have a positive effect . "  Nothing is more important than peace , " Marroquin said . "  I think it is worth it to really risk our lives and everything we have so that peace really happens in Colombia someday . "	Pablo Escobar 's son Sebastian Marroquin seeks reconciliation in documentary He meets with sons of two men whose deaths are believed to have been on his father 's orders One says he still seeks justice but he has made peace with Marroquin Marroquin : Coming into spotlight is risky , but hope for peace in Colombia is worth it
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- A Dhaka court on Tuesday ordered the arrest of six people , including the owner of Tazreen Fashions Ltd. , after a fire in the apparel factory left 112 people dead last year , officials said . "  A senior judicial magistrate , Wasim Sheikh , today  Tuesday  accepted the charges against 13 accused and issued warrants for the arrest of six people , including the owner , " Mohammad Asaduzzaman , inspector of the Dhaka judicial magistrate court , told CNN . The criminal investigation department launched a probe after the fire on the outskirts of Bangladesh 's capital and found 13 people guilty of gross negligence of safety measures in the apparel factory , which manufactured clothes for Western retailers . They were charged with "  culpable homicide " because of gross negligence that led to 112 deaths , a court official said . If proved guilty , the accused could be sentenced up to life in jail or be fined under the Bangladesh Penal Code . Of the 13 accused , seven have been arrested , and the court will now send arrest warrants to police stations in the localities where the other six reside . The court also asked police to report by February 25 if the six accused were arrested . The six include Delwar Hossain , the owner and managing director of the company , and his wife , Mahmuda Akther , the chairwoman of Tazreen Fashions . The other accused are officials for the factory , which burned down in November of last year . A government committee has said the fire was an "  act of sabotage . " The panel also said the owner of the factory should be held responsible for gross negligence and should face trial for the lack of safety measures that led to the 112 deaths . Most of the dead in the fire at the Tazreen Fashions factory in Ashulia were women . Almost half of the dead were burned beyond recognition and were buried under government supervision after DNA samples were taken . More than 200 people also were injured in the blaze . "  The owner of the factory should be brought to justice , as we find that proper safety measures could have lessened the fatalities , " said Main Uddin Khandaker , head of the government committee and an additional secretary at the Ministry of Home Affairs . He submitted a report on the tragedy to the home secretary this year . Hossain , the factory owner , has not yet been detained was not available for comment Tuesday . He has admitted to local media that his factory lacked proper safety measures . However , he said he had not been aware of that . Ready-made garments make up 80 % of Bangladesh 's $ 24 billion in annual exports .	A fire at Tazreen Fashions Ltd. in Ashulia killed 112 people in November 2012 A court orders the arrest of the factory owner and his wife , plus four others Seven others already have been arrested A government panel has called fire an "  act of sabotage , " said factory should 've been safer
CNN  -- The coalition is growing -- not just in words , but in action . Just over two weeks after U.S. President Barack Obama vowed "  America will lead a broad coalition to roll back this terrorist threat " posed by ISIS , more than 50 countries have signed up , so far , to support the fight . They include new entrants Belgium , Denmark and Britain , which will all send fighter jets to Iraq to assist that nation 's government and the United States in the anti-ISIS military campaign . Even the foreign minister of Russia -- which has butted heads repeatedly with Washington , including over whether the President of neighboring war-torn Syria needs to go -- signaled Friday his country is ready to back Iraq in fighting terrorists , "  above all the Islamic State , " which is what ISIS calls itself . Most members of the anti-ISIS coalition have restricted their support to Iraq-focused efforts . A handful of Arab nations , however , have joined Washington in going after ISIS , from the air , in Syria . ISIS ' worst nightmare : A female pilot Why do it ? Ahead of what turned out to be an overwhelming Parliament vote Friday authorizing UK air power , Prime Minister David Cameron said the world has an obligation to corral a well-funded , highly organized force known for virtually unmatched cruelty -- reviled for its "  beheadings , crucifixions , the gouging out of eyes , the use of rape as a weapon , the slaughter of children . " "  Left unchecked , we will face a terrorist caliphate on the shores of the Mediterranean and bordering a NATO member , with a declared and proven determination to attack our country and our people , " said Cameron , referring to NATO member Turkey . Still , even as more countries agree to take part in airstrikes and helping Iraq , that does n't mean this will be a cakewalk . No one has pledged combat troops to join Iraq 's oft-maligned military or the various forces -- from moderate opposition forces to their foes in President Bashar al-Assad 's military -- doing battle with ISIS in Syria . Plus , eliminating a movement of militants who can easily mingle among civilians and strike in myriad , devious ways is n't easy . Rout raises questions about Iraq 's military ability to beat ISIS That 's why U.S. and British officials , including Cameron , said coalition forces need to be prepared to devote not weeks , not months , but years to the fight . As U.S. Gen. Martin Dempsey , the the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said Friday : "  This is going to be a persistent and sustained campaign . And it will take time . " Expert : ISIS adapting , mixing in with civilians It 's not known if any ISIS leaders have been killed so far in airstrikes . Nor is there much evidence the group has lost a big amount of territory , much less that it is in full retreat . But that does n't mean the air campaign -- which began in August in Iraq and a few weeks ago in Syria -- has n't had an effect . In the Pentagon briefing Friday , Dempsey credited airstrikes with disrupting ISIS command and control activities and logistics in Syria as well as helping friendly ground forces begin to take back ground lost to the group . CNN military analyst James Reese , a retired U.S. Army special operations officer , added that the strikes have helped "  blunt the momentum of ISIS in Iraq . " Airstrikes also have disrupted ISIS safe havens on the ground , such as the northern Syrian town of Raqqa , Reese said . Kurdish Peshmerga fighters helped drive the extremists back and secure positions on the ground . Strikes have since targeted ISIS throughout the swaths it holds , and the combined efforts have stopped ISIS from swarming over Baghdad . But the group 's command structure is adapting , said CNN military analyst Peter Mansoor , a retired U.S. Army colonel . It is spreading out , and its leaders are now "  mixed in with the civilian population , " he said . "  So , it 's unlikely these airstrikes have crippled ISIS , " he said . Big questions about coalition ground partners While Dempsey vowed he will recommend to Obama "  what it takes to destroy ISIL , " he said the best mix of ground forces to defeat the extremist groups will be drawn from Iraqis , Kurds and moderate Syrian rebels . Some support has begun flowing to Iraq and Kurdish forces , including equipment to training . Then , of course , there 's the growing international air component -- such as Denmark sending seven F-16 fighter jets , according to a spokeswoman for that country 's Defense Ministry -- though new Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi told CNN this week that his country 's ground troops are n't getting the coordinated "  air cover " they need to advance on ISIS forces . A lack of faith right now in Iraq 's military may not help , especially after ISIS overran the Iraqi Saqlawiya military base near Falluja this weekend . It was n't just the defeat that stung , but claims from Iraqi soldiers that their pleas for backup went unanswered by military commanders for hours . Iraqi officials said they had tried to support them but failed . "  There is no leadership in the Iraqi army right now , " said retired U.S. Air Force Lt. Col. Rick Francona . "  The people who are paying the price are the soldiers in the trenches . " For all these issues in Iraq , what to do on the ground in Syria may be even more complicated . It 's in the midst of a more than three-year civil war , one that 's seen several groups -- from ISIS to the moderate opposition that Washington supports -- spring up trying to unseat al-Assad . Here , the marshaling of an effective ground partner against ISIS terrorists has only begun . There has been no coordination , "  nor will there be , " between Washington and al-Assad 's government regarding U.S. airstrikes in Syria , U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel said Friday . The United States has n't shifted its approach to al-Assad , who has "  lost all legitimacy to govern , " according to Hagel . Khorasan Group still a threat in Syria , along with ISIS As all this is being sorted out , the violence continues . This includes fresh battles between Kurdish Syrian fighters and ISIS militants near a city on the border with Turkey . CNN 's Phil Black , watching the fighting from a hillside in Turkey , reported hearing small arms and artillery fire as the Kurdish and ISIS forces fought to advance toward the Syrian city of Ayn al-Arab . Turkish Kurds gathered near the border to watch the fighting cheered whenever ISIS fighters appeared to take a hit . A resident of the city , also known as Kobani , said ISIS forces are 2 kilometers  1.24 miles  from the city and that resistance forces are running low on ammunition . "  We are hoping and waiting for any coalition air strike on these terrorists , to save our city from the barbaric attack , " Hussein Kamal said . Coalition air power was not evident in the region . But earlier in the day , the United States did turn its air power on more ISIS targets , taking out vehicles in other parts of Syria and Iraq and destroying a command node and a checkpoint . A U.S. Defense Department official said as of 8 p.m. ET Friday -- or 3 a.m. Saturday in the Middle East -- that military operations were ongoing in both Syria and Iraq . No details were provided . ISIS has been the main target of past strikes , but not only one . The air campaign has also gone after the Khorasan Group , which consists of senior al Qaeda operatives that a U.S. senior official has said was actively plotting attacks in the United States and elsewhere in the West . The U.S. military launched eight Tomahawk missiles against Khorasan targets -- including training camps plus command and control facilities -- Tuesday west of Aleppo , Syria . The American government believes at least some senior Khorasan members survived the strikes and that they could continue plotting attacks , a U.S. government official said Friday . Added TSA Administrator John Pistole : "  I see the Khorasan Group as a very capable , determined enemy who was very much focused on doing -- getting somebody or something on a plane bound for Europe or the United States . " CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Evan Perez , Jim Acosta , Al Goodman , Adam Levine , Alla Eshchenko , Chelsea J. Carter , Holly Yan and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : Airstrikes happening in Syria and Iraq , U.S. defense official says Denmark joins anti-ISIS coalition , which now includes more than 50 countries The fight may last years , say British Prime Minister and U.S. officials Experts : Airstrikes so far have been successful , though ISIS has likely adapted
CNN  -- The Mercedes team has denied reports that seven-time world Formula One champion Michael Schumacher must improve next season or face having his three-year contract cut short . The 41-year-old has struggled in his comeback season , having retired in 2006 , and has been outperformed by young teammate Nico Rosberg . Rosberg , 25 , is seventh in the drivers ' standings with four races to go -- while Schumacher is 76 points back in 10th as Mercedes has been unable to emulate the success of the double world champion Brawn team that the German manufacturer took over at the end of last year . German newspaper Bild reported this week that Schumacher 's future was in doubt unless he did better in 2011 , but Mercedes-Benz Motorsport vice-president Norbert Haug dismissed those claims while talking to reporters at a conference at the Japanese Grand Prix . "  Of course there was no ultimatum , " Haug said after Friday 's practice sessions at Suzuka , a circuit where Schumacher has won six times and was eighth in both runs . Rosberg was 10th and 11th . Red Bull duo top practice times "  I think Michael again showed today his class , his full commitment . We are currently a little bit handicapped with our car , but I have no complaints and no regrets that we 're going to achieve our target . "  Michael is , for me , as good as he ever was and probably even better . He 's relaxed , concentrated . He does n't need anybody to defend him , certainly not me , but we are very happy with the job he 's doing and we need to give Nico and him a better car . " Haug admitted that Rosberg had done a better job in getting the best out of his car , and acclaimed him as the best of the young drivers on the F1 circuit . "  It 's not easy for anybody to compete against such a guy , and Michael does that quite well -- not always in qualifying but if you look throughout the season , if you take into consideration that he was not in Formula One for three years , we are heading in the right direction and there is certainly not an ultimatum , " he said . Meanwhile , reports have claimed that Mercedes could face competition from another German team in the near future , with Porsche considering a return to the grid for the first time since 1964 . Porsche provided engine for McLaren when the English outfit won five world drivers ' and manufacturers ' titles in the 1980s , but has not been involved in motorsport 's elite class since 1991 . The Financial Times Deutschland reported on Friday that Porsche was considering a comeback , while the company 's new chairman Matthias Muller hinted as much to the Autocar website . He suggested that Audi , which is also owned by Volkswagen and has previously said it is not interested in racing in F1 , may focus on LMP1 prototype sportscar racing . "  With LMP1 , there are two classes and two brands : Audi and Porsche . We do not like both to go into LMP1 , that is not so funny . So therefore we have to discuss whether it makes better sense for one of the brands to go into LMP1 , and the other brand into Formula One . So we will have a round-table to discuss the pros and cons , " he said in an interview at the Paris Motor Show .	German newspaper Bild claims that Michael Schumacher has been told to improve But Mercedes chief Norbert Haug denies that 41-year-old was given ultimatum Seven-time world champion languishing 10th overall in his comeback season German manufacturer Porsche hints it may return to F1 grid for first time since 1960s
CNN  -- An archeological team is set to break new ground in its excavation of an Egyptian temple where doomed lovers Cleopatra and Mark Antony may be buried . An excavation of an Egyptian temple my reveal where doomed lovers Cleopatra and Mark Antony are buried . A ground-penetrating , radar survey of the temple of Taposiris Magna and its surrounding area , west of Alexandria , was completed in March , following three years of digging , according to a statement from Egypt 's Supreme Council of Antiquities . Taposiris Magna is one of the ancient towns located on Lake Mariut , which is today called Abusir . According to the council , the radar revealed three possible spots of interest where a tomb might be located . Recently , the team discovered a large , previously unknown cemetery outside the temple enclosure . "  The discovery of this cemetery indicates that an important person , likely of royal status , could be buried inside the temple . It was common for officials and other high-status individuals in Egypt to construct their tombs close to those of their rulers throughout the Pharaonic period , " according to the council . The expedition has so far turned up 27 tombs , 20 of them shaped like vaulted sarcophagi , and seven simple burial chambers that are reached by staircases . Inside these chambers , the team found 10 mummies , two of them gilded . Other discoveries include an alabaster bust of Cleopatra , and 22 coins bearing her "  beautiful " image , according to council Secretary-General Zahi Hawass . The discovery contradicts some recent reports that describe her as unattractive , he said . "  Among the most interesting finds is a unique mask depicting a man with a cleft chin . The face bears some similarity to known portraits of Mark Antony himself , " Hawass said . The love story of Antony and Cleopatra has been a favorite theme for writers and filmmakers . The 1963 Oscar-winning movie of the couple starred Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton , who themselves became star-crossed lovers . Cleopatra ruled Egypt between 51 B.C. until her suicide in 30 B.C. , following Mark Antony 's naval defeat against Caesar 's adopted son Octavian at Actium in the Mediterranean . Mark Antony , once a general in Caesar 's army , killed himself before Cleopatra took her own life , after being falsely informed that Cleopatra already had died .	Archeologists to search three sites that may contain tombs of Cleopatra , Mark Antony Bust of Cleopatra , 22 coins bearing her image have been found so far Antony , Cleopatra committed suicide in 31 B.C. after battle of Actium
CNN  -- A bomb exploded near a passing bus in the southwestern Pakistan city of Quetta on Friday afternoon , killing 10 people and injuring 35 others , police said . The bomb was planted on a bicycle in the city 's Science College area , said Muhammad Jaffar , deputy inspector general of Quetta police . The blast hit a passenger bus , which caught fire , he said . Most of the people on the bus were either killed or injured , police said . The force of the blast broke the glass of windows of nearby shops . It was n't immediately clear whether all of the victims had been on the bus , or who was responsible for the bombing .	Bomb planted on bicycle explodes , hitting passenger bus , police say Blast happened near college in Quetta
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The H1N1 virus , also known as swine flu , may have killed as many as 17,000 Americans , according to new estimates by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  in Atlanta . Though 2,498 confirmed deaths linked to the H1N1 virus had been reported to the CDC as of January 30 , the agency estimates that between 8,330 and 17,160 people actually have died from H1N1 . The overwhelming majority of the people who died -- between 6,390 and 13,170 -- were 18 to 64 years old , the CDC estimates . Between 880 and 1,810 children 17 years old and younger also died from this flu , according to CDC estimates . In comparison , the CDC says that in a regular flu season , about 36,000 people in the United States die from seasonal flu , with 90 percent of the deaths usually occurring in people age 65 and older . Since this new flu virus emerged in April 2009 , health officials have recognized that the reported numbers of people who have been hospitalized and died provide only a partial picture of the full outbreak . Underreporting of influenza cases and deaths is common , especially in the early weeks or months of an outbreak . By mid-July last year , the World Health Organization  WHO  no longer recommended that countries with known H1N1 transmission test everybody who had flulike symptoms , as laboratories were being overwhelmed . Patients were to be diagnosed based on symptoms alone , since nearly all of the circulating flu strains were H1N1 . Only severe cases of flu , which lead to hospitalization or death , were to be tested . The CDC adopted these recommendations for the United States , also . Despite the recommendation that deaths suspected to be from H1N1 be tested , the CDC is aware that many are not , and in many cases H1N1 might not have been suspected . The new CDC estimates are based on laboratory-confirmed cases , flu surveillance data and mathematical modeling , CDC spokesman Richard Quartarone told CNN . According to the report released Friday , the CDC estimates an average of 57 million people have been infected with H1N1 and an average 257,000 cases resulted in hospitalizations . Health officials continue to urge people who have n't received a vaccination to do so . "  The real tragedy is that people are still getting sick and we have a vaccine that will help prevent illness , " Quartarone said .	CDC estimates between 8,330 and 17,160 people have died from H1N1 Between 6,390 and 13,170 -- were 18-64 years old , CDC estimates In a regular flu season , about 36,000 people in U.S. die from seasonal flu 90 percent of those deaths usually are people age 65 and older
CNN  -- Thousands of people in southern Chile were told they could return home Sunday , some two weeks after a volcanic eruption forced them to flee . Smoke and ash shot miles into the the sky when a volcano in the Puyehue-Cordon Caulle chain began erupting on June 4 . Authorities evacuated more than 4,000 people from the area , according to the state emergency office . "  Fortunately , the volcanic activity has decreased and it is for this reason that we have decided to allow the people who were forced to evacuate to return to their homes , " Interior Minister Rodrigo Hinzpeter told reporters . Dramatic images of the eruption showed red , orange and gray plumes of smoke rising from the volcano , which is some 540 miles south of Santiago . Ash from the eruption traveled around the world and disrupted flights as far away as Australia and New Zealand . It also forced most airlines flying into Buenos Aires to cancel flights temporarily , and ash fell in the Patagonia region in southern Argentina . Local governments used machinery to clear the roads , which were covered with as much as 30 centimeters  about 1 foot  of ash . Chile is located on the so-called "  Ring of Fire , " an arc of volcanoes and fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions .	The volcano began erupting in southern Chile about two weeks ago It is becoming less active , officials say The eruption forced thousands of people to evacuate and spewed smoke miles into the sky An ash cloud disrupted flights as far away as Australia
CNN  -- Chelsea 's worrying mini-slump came to an end on Saturday , but it was not new signing Demba Ba or $ 80 million man Fernando Torres who fired the London club back up to third in the English Premier League . It was another forward who did the damage -- not only to his reputation , but also to Stoke 's longstanding unbeaten home record . Jonathan Walters became just the fourth player to score two own-goals in a Premier League match , and possibly the first to also miss a penalty , as Chelsea cruised to a 4-0 victory at the Britannia Stadium . It lifted the pressure on manager Rafael Benitez after successive home defeats to the EPL 's bottom team Queens Park Rangers and then in the first leg of the English League Cup semifinals against Swansea on Wednesday . "  It was a difficult game , especially in the first half . We knew it would be , " Benitez told reporters after his team closed to within 11 points of leaders Manchester United , who face Liverpool on Sunday . "  We knew it would be physical and intense , but we were ready for that . The goal changed the game because they had to go forward and left space , which meant little by little we could control the game . " The scores were level until first-half injury time , when Walters headed a cross from Chelsea defender Cesar Azpilicueta past his own keeper . It got worse for the Republic of Ireland international in the 62nd minute , as he again headed past Asmir Begovic from Juan Mata 's corner . Mata was brought down soon after , allowing veteran midfielder Frank Lampard to continue his scoring run with a penalty , and Eden Hazard sealed it with a superb long-range effort . There was still time for Walters to gain some redemption in his 100th EPL appearance but , given the chance to net his sixth league goal for Stoke this season after being fouled by the returning John Terry , the 29-year-old blasted his injury-time penalty against the crossbar . "  Jon 's fine . We look after people at the football club . It was n't our day today , it was Chelsea 's day , " said Stoke manager Tony Pulis , whose 10th-placed team lost at home for the first time since February , a run of 17 games . Terry came on as a second-half substitute , having been out for two months with a knee injury . "  I was trying to give him some minutes to see how he was , " Benitez said . "  I watched him in the reserve team but this is totally different , so we played five at the back and tried to protect him a bit . "  We will see how he trains and if he has no problems , it is a question of fitness now . " Fellow central defender Gary Cahill missed the match to be at the birth of his son . "  The baby is fine and they are happy , " Benitez said . Tottenham failed to stay in third place after being held 0-0 at QPR , now managed by former Spurs boss Harry Redknapp . It was Emmanuel Adebayor 's final appearance for Tottenham before leaving for the African Cup of Nations , having patched up his differences with Togo officials . Despite two strong results against top-four teams , Redknapp 's side are now two points adrift at the bottom of the table following Reading 's 3-2 win at home to seventh-placed West Brom . The promoted side scored three goals in the last 10 minutes , with the winner from Russia striker Pavel Pogrebnyak , after on-loan Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku netted twice in the first half . Everton stayed fifth , three points behind Tottenham , after being held 0-0 by ninth-placed Swansea . Southampton moved out of the bottom three with a 1-0 win at Aston Villa that dropped the home side into the relegation zone , putting more pressure on manager Paul Lambert . Striker Rickie Lambert scored the only goal from the penalty spot for his ninth league goal this season . Sunderland moved up to 14th with a 3-0 win over West Ham that left the London side in 11th , above Norwich on goal difference . Norwich drew 0-0 at home to struggling Newcastle , while Wigan moved above Aston Villa on goal difference after coming from behind to draw 1-1 at 13th-placed Fulham .	Jon Walters scores two own-goals and misses a penalty as Chelsea bounce back in EPL Striker 's nightmare sends Stoke to a 4-0 defeat , ending 17-match unbeaten home run Chelsea back up to third in table after Tottenham 's 0-0 draw at bottom club QPR Captain John Terry makes his Chelsea return after two months out with a knee injury
CNN  -- The young women in a Kabul classroom are learning how to deal with a difficult birth . As instructors watch over and guide the simulation , the girls gently tug at a baby doll as it passes through the model of a birth canal . These students , all in their third semester at the Ghazanfar Institute of Health Sciences , will soon join the growing number of midwives in a country where being a mother is ranked among the worst in the world . Women in Afghanistan are 70 times more likely to die in childbirth than from a bullet or a bomb , according to Save the Children . It 's a grim statistic the women here are trying to change . "  My father encouraged me to do this because when he was 10 , he lost his mother when she was giving birth to another child , " says Almasa Katawazi , who , like the rest of her classmates , hopes to make Afghanistan a better , safer place for mothers and their babies . Katawazi says she wants women in far-flung provinces to have access to good medical facilities , doctors and midwives . To that end , she says she plans to go and work in Paktika province once she 's certified . In 2003 , there were only about 500 midwives in Afghanistan . Today , there are some 3,000 . But many more are needed . "  Increasing the numbers of midwives , particularly midwives that live and work within communities and rural communities that might not have access to other health services is an extremely important factor in reducing maternal mortality , " says Rachel Maranto of Save the Children . Still , less than two-thirds of Afghan women have access to nearby health facilities . "  Many , many mothers and children will never see a trained health worker , a doctor , a nurse or a midwife in their lifetime , " Maranto says , "  and that really needs to be improved and turned around . " It 's one of the reasons why groups such as Save the Children , along with other nongovernmental organizations and foreign donors , are funding programs in conjunction with the country 's Ministry of Public Health to improve the chances of mothers ' and children 's welfare and survival . A mother bravely campaigns for president One pilot program in Guldara District teaches volunteers how to become community health workers . Many of the women being trained have lost mothers , sisters and cousins to pregnancy-related complications . Many have also buried their babies . They decided it was time to change things . The women are illiterate , so they learn from pictograms . "  It 's good work , " says Noorzi , a mother of six . "  In my village , maternal mortality has gone down 100 % in the last two years . " Noorzi 's village may be an exception , but most women there now give birth in the presence of qualified health workers . Still , sustaining and spreading initiatives such as this one will take even more investment from the international community . And while NGOs point to a certain success in the reduction of mother and child mortality rates in recent years , the situation in Afghanistan remains dire -- here , a woman dies from pregnancy-related causes every two hours . That statistic is just one that illustrates the fragile state of women in Afghanistan more than a decade since Western forces ousted Taliban rule . Speaking out against rape | Tortured teen : ` Same should be done to them ' Back in the Kabul classroom , the midwives in training stay focused . "  Their main goal should be serving mothers and decreasing the rate of maternal mortality , " says Turpekai Azizi , a midwife instructor . It 's a noble goal , but one that could be in jeopardy , women and aid workers say they fear , if foreign funding falls off once coalition troops withdraw .	Afghanistan has long been ranked among the worst in the world for mothers Afghan women 70 times more likely to die in childbirth than from a bullet or a bomb , group says Trained midwives are helping battle grim statistics
Washington  CNN  -- All but one of the U.S. diplomatic posts closed this week in a sweeping response to fears of a possible al Qaeda attack will reopen on Sunday , the State Department said . The Obama administration closed 19 embassies and consulates throughout the Middle East and North Africa , and issued a worldwide travel alert due to the threat apparently linked to communications between leaders of the terror group . The closures took effect on Sunday . The embassy in Sanaa Yemen , where al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula in based , will remain closed due to continued concerns about a possible attack . Separately , the State Department withdrew most of its diplomatic personnel from its consulate in Lahore , Pakistan , on Thursday , citing a "  separate credible threat " and warned U.S. citizens against travel to Pakistan . Diplomatic personnel were moved to the capital , Islamabad . The Lahore facility also will remain closed . "  We will continue to evaluate the threats to Sanaa and Lahore and make subsequent decisions about the reopening of those facilities based on that information , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement . "  We will also continue to evaluate information about these and all of our posts and to take appropriate steps to best protect the safety of our personnel , American citizens traveling overseas , and visitors to our facilities , " she added . One U.S. official said there was no link between the broader terror threat and the reason for the action taken in Lahore . However , the official said it does n't rule out a possible link to al Qaeda . Most of al Qaeda 's core leadership is believed to reside in Pakistan and Lahore known to be home to other extremists sympathetic to the group . Response to terror threat scrutinized : Did U.S. go too far ? No U.S. diplomatic posts in Pakistan were closed as a result of the wider warning inked to al Qaeda . Read more : Yemen says it foiled al Qaeda plot In that case , CNN previously reported U.S. officials intercepted a message between al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri and a top ally in Yemen , Nasir al-Wuhayshi , telling him to "  do something " -- an inference to a terror plot . Now , two U.S. officials tell CNN that in his communication with Zawahiri , Wuhayshi , who is the leader of Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , laid out a plan for a plot and then Zawahiri acknowledged the communication . Wuhayshi , the officials said , was not asking for permission from Zawahiri -- but rather informing him of his plans . This scenario -- that Wuhayshi presented Zawahiri with a plan -- was first reported Friday in the Wall Street Journal . CNN has also learned that the al Qaeda leaders communicated via some kind of encrypted messaging system , with multiple points of entry to allow for various parties to join in . Asked about his assessment of the terror group in light of the latest threat , President Barack Obama reiterated his conclusion that its core blamed for 9/11 is "  on its heels . " But he restated that al Qaeda and other extremist groups "  have metastasized " into regional organizations that can still threaten U.S. interests , including embassies . "  And that 's exactly what we are seeing right now , " Obama said , noting that anti-terror efforts are an ongoing process . "  We are not going to completely eliminate terrorism . What we can do is to weaken it and to strengthen our partnerships in such a way that it does not pose the kind of horrible threat that we saw on 9/11 , " he said . The origin of the Pakistan threat was not clear but a separate official said it was "  conceivable " Lashkar-e-Tayyiba was involved . Lahore is well-known as a base for that group , which is considered a terrorist organization by the United States . Journalist Annabel Symington in Islamabad contributed to this report .	State Department says 18 diplomatic posts will reopen on Sunday Facilities in Yemen and Lahore , Pakistan , will stay closed for now No link seen between the Pakistan threat and another one by al Qaeda that forced the wider closures NEW : Obama says "  we are not going to completely eliminate terrorism "
CNN  -- Carlos Acosta is the ballet dancer who breaks all the rules . Perhaps the most famous dancer of his generation , his is a career that was n't meant to be -- a tough kid from the backstreets of Havana who was forced to study ballet and became a reluctant star . Carlos Acosta : "  Ballet was my best friend . " His combination of talent , dedication and charisma have made him principal guest artist with the Paris Ballet , the Russian Ballet and the Royal Ballet in London . Acosta is that rarest of things -- a ballet dancer who has pirouetted into the public consciousness . But success has its price . His career has taken him away from his beloved Cuba and Acosta 's story is one of displacement and a sense of longing for his family and homeland . "  My heart is in Havana , " he told CNN . "  When I 'm there I can get close to the life that I do n't have anymore because of my career . " Acosta was born in Havana , Cuba , in 1973 . The youngest of 11 children , his early passions were football and breakdancing , but in a country with a proud ballet tradition , his lorry-driver father decided that the discipline of ballet school would keep young Carlos out of trouble , hoping that dance might one day provide his son with a way out of poverty . Watch Carlos Acosta take CNN on a tour of Havana . " Aged nine , Acosta was enrolled in the National Ballet School of Cuba , and he hated it . He found the repetitive exercises boring and longed to play football with his friends instead . While Acosta was struggling to fit in , his father was jailed over a traffic accident and his mother suffered a stroke . Acosta played truant once too often . He was expelled and sent to a boarding school in Pinar del Rio , his first taste of life parted from his loved ones . It was n't until he was 13 that Acosta saw his first real ballet . Watching the Cuban National Ballet perform he began to see the possibilities of the vocation that had been thrust upon him . See photos of Carlos Acosta in action " He turned out to be a natural at it and began to apply himself to his dance classes . At the age of 16 , he won a scholarship with the Turin Ballet , winning the Gold Medal at the Prix de Lausanne . "  I found that ballet was my best friend . It was everything I had , the opportunity to become something else completely and to be fulfilled , " he told CNN . "  It took me a while to understand that and once I did , there was no turning back . I was determined to be the best I could . " He went on to dance as principal with the English National Ballet from 1991 to 1992 , the National Ballet of Cuba from 1992 to 1994 , and was a principal with Houston Ballet between 1993 and 1998 . In 1998 he made it into the ranks of London 's Royal Ballet , advancing to principal guest artist in 2003 , to become the Royal Ballet 's first black principal . His rise to fame , which had taken him from the streets of Havana to the biggest stages in the world , was mirrored in his semi-autobiographical show "  Tocororo , " which Acosta created and choreographed . After it received a rapturous reception in London , he took "  Tocororo " to Cuba in 2003 , where he performed it in front of Fidel Castro . Acosta has described that triumphant homecoming as the highlight of his career . Never one to shirk from a challenge , he traveled to Moscow to perform the lead in "  Spartacus " with the Bolshoi Ballet , a notoriously demanding and exhausting role . He often speaks of the need for ballet to take risks , to evolve and to speak a contemporary language -- ideals that Acosta embodies . Not just a virtuoso performer , it is Acosta 's ability to connect with his audience that has made him an international star . Conversely , Acosta says his audience is what inspires him . "  When I find people that express how much my art makes them feel , this is priceless , " he told CNN . "  You ca n't buy that with money , you can achieve that only with art -- you really touch people . Once you do that it lives on forever . " But he sees himself as more than just a dancer . In 2007 , his autobiography "  No Way Home " was published to widespread acclaim . The book offered a glimpse of the sense of isolation he felt at living away from Havana . He once told an interviewer , "  I had to leave Cuba to be the best I could be . I now have a very high status , but my family has never been able to share it with me . " Acosta is at his peak as a performer , but a ballet dancer 's career has a short span . He has said he does not want to be a choreographer once he retires , but he does have plans for the movies . There is talk of his autobiography being made into a film and Acosta has said he would like to play himself -- after all , who else could match his incredible leaps , fearless athleticism and effortless charm ?	Carlos Acosta went from backstreets of Havana to being a ballet superstar As a child he preferred football to ballet and was expelled from dance school In 2003 he became the London Royal Ballet 's first black principal dancer His success has meant being parted from his family and the city he loves
CNN  -- Moscow , Russia , authorities have cut the daily sales hours for beverages with more than 15 percent alcohol , making it illegal to buy such beverages in stores between 10 p.m. and 10 a.m. , according to Russian state-run news agency RIA-Novosti . The move , which reduces by three hours a day the time those beverages can be sold in stores , will go into effect at the beginning of September , RIA-Novosti said . The tightened limits on alcohol sales also prohibit local prefectures from issuing 24-hour sales permits to shops . The cut in sales hours does n't affect bars , restaurants or night clubs in Moscow , which can still obtain 24-hour liquor licenses and serve beer , wine or bottled cocktails with less than 15 percent alcohol . The move is part of a continued effort led by the Kremlin to reduce Russia 's drinking problem . It is a problem that annually leads to thousands of deaths and a male life expectancy lower than anywhere else in Europe . The new law will only affect the Moscow region because there is no nationwide alcohol sales regulation , leaving alcohol available on store shelves 24 hours a day throughout the rest of the country , according to RIA-Novosti .	A new law in Moscow restricts alcohol sales in stores The law limits sales of stronger beverages to 12 hours a day instead of 15 The law affects only Moscow ; there is no nationwide alcohol sales regulation in Russia
In a nondescript hotel ballroom last month at the South by Southwest Interactive festival , Andras Forgacs offered a rare glimpse at the sci-fi future of food . Before an audience of tech-industry types , Forgacs produced a plate of small pink wafers -- "  steak chips , " he called them -- and invited people up for a taste . But these were no ordinary snacks : Instead of being harvested from a steer , they had been grown in a laboratory from tiny samples of animal tissue . One taster 's verdict on this Frankenmeat ? Not bad , actually . "  It was delicious . It tasted like a thin piece of beef jerky , " said Michael Wang , a program manager in Washington . "  I would have never thought it was n't real meat . " Forgacs is co-founder and CEO of Modern Meadow , a young company that is developing lab-engineered meat and leather products , known as cultured meat . He is among a new breed of youthful entrepreneurs who are applying tech-startup principles -- innovation , efficiency , data-driven processes -- to address the growing challenges of global food production . "  Once you start to see food as technology , as a form of hardware , you start to ask , why ca n't food get better ? " asked Rob Rhinehart , CEO of Rosa Labs , a nutritional-science startup based in Los Angeles . "  But there 's a lot of disagreement about what our products are . Is it fake ? Is it real ? " For those reasons , these biotech food entrepreneurs may face an uphill climb . To an eating public increasingly focused on organic , farm-to-table food , cultured meat -- also known as "  in vitro " or "  test-tube " meat -- sounds unnatural and unappealing . A recent Pew survey found that 80 % of Americans would not eat meat that was grown in a lab , although younger and college-educated people are more willing to try it . "  Cultured meat is so new and such a radically different way of making meat to what has gone before , " said Neil Stephens , a research scientist at the University of Cardiff in Wales who has been studying lab-engineered food products . "  There is an empirical question to answer about whether people will accept it as meat , and what criteria we use to define cultured meat as meat . " Problem ... and solution ? As these entrepreneurs see it , our current large-scale methods of raising meat are wasteful and harmful to the environment . Research supports this : Raising livestock , for example , requires massive amounts of water , pollutes rivers with manure and , according to the United Nations , produces an estimated 14.5 % of global human greenhouse-gas emissions . On top of that , global demand for meat is expected to double over the next 40 years , placing further strain on the planet 's natural resources . By comparison , lab-grown meat would leave a much lighter footprint and might eventually help alleviate food shortages in some parts of the world , advocates say . They also say that cultured meat is more humane because no animals are slaughtered . "  It 's the future , " said entrepreneur Biz Stone , a vegan and co-founder of Twitter and Jelly . "  We ca n't sustain the current model of raising enough animals to feed 7 billion people . " Spotting an opportunity , a handful of biotechnology startups have begun developing alternative food products . Using a formula developed at the University of Missouri , Beyond Meat takes plant protein from soy and peas and applies heating , cooling and pressure to realign it so that its structure resembles meat tissue . The company 's fake chicken strips are in 4,000 stores across the United States and have fooled people in blind taste tests . Hampton Creek Foods has received $ 30 million in funding for its business model , which revolves around a plant-based substitute for eggs . Its first product , a vegan mayonnaise called Just Mayo , hit stores in California last fall . And after a $ 2 million crowdfunding campaign Rosa Labs recently began mass-producing Soylent , a drink supplement aimed at meeting all the human body 's nutritional needs . "  There 's such a wide-open space for innovations if you 're starting  a company  around food , " said Hampton Creek Foods CEO Josh Tetrick . But the most fascinating , and polarizing , startup in this emerging space is Modern Meadow . Launched in 2011 by Forgacs and his father Gabor Forgacs , a biophysicist , the company plans to make cultured leather products before tackling the thornier process of growing meat . "  You do n't waste as much material  with cultured leather  because animals do n't come in the shape of a couch or a handbag , " said Andras Forgacs at the SXSW panel discussion in Austin , Texas . To make cultured beef , Modern Meadow takes muscle cells from a steer and places them in a liquid or gel containing amino acids , vitamins , minerals and sugars -- ingredients that cells feed on -- to stimulate tissue growth . Scientists flavor the Modern Meadow steak chips by adding sauces , like teriyaki or barbecue , before cooking them in a food dehydrator . The process takes about a week . "  We basically have a team of scientists who developed this , " said Andras Forgacs , adding that each chip can be made for less than $ 100 . Costs will go down as production ramps up , he said . That 's still a lot cheaper than the world 's first lab-grown burger , which was engineered by a scientist in the Netherlands and served to food critics at a news conference last August in London .  Reviews of the burger were mixed .  The project , funded by Google co-founder Sergey Brin , cost some $ 325,000 . A cultural challenge Manufacturing and cost barriers , plus the pokey federal regulatory process , mean that test-tube steaks wo n't be coming to your neighborhood supermarket anytime soon . But they are coming , entrepreneurs say . "  We 're in for a real revolution in the next decade or two , " Forgacs said . Added Tetrick , "  By 2030 we 're going to see a drastic shift . " They and their fellow biotech entrepreneurs still face plenty of stumbling blocks . There 's the issue of health : While lab-grown meat would likely be freer of bacteria and pesticides , its production also may require the use of artificial growth hormones . Then there 's the challenge of making consumers comfortable with eating meat that comes from a laboratory . And if cultured meat does n't taste good , nobody will try it more than once . "  It 's not the science that 's the most difficult part . The hardest part is our culture . We 've been eating meat for 2 million years , " said Ethan Brown , CEO of Beyond Meat . But , he added , "  You can see the change coming when you sit down and talk to a child . No child wants to hurt an animal . " Not surprisingly , the U.S. beef industry is not excited by the prospect of lab-grown meat . "  We feel confident that consumers will continue to trust and prefer traditionally raised  not lab-engineered  beef . No laboratory product will ever be able to take the place of cattlemen and women or the dedication they have to the customer , the consumer , or to rural America , " said Chase Adams , spokesman for the National Cattlemen 's Beef Association . "  Regardless of market , I do not foresee engineered beef as a viable or attractive option for consumers . " Stephens , the University of Cardiff researcher , believes the idea of cultured meat is still too new for most people to wrap their heads around . Is it really meat , or is it something else ? "  If you ask the biologists working on it ... many of them will tell you it will be meat when the material composition of the cultured meat is sufficiently similar to traditional meat , " he said . "  I am a sociologist , so to me the meaning of something is not defined by its material properties but by how society more broadly makes sense of ...  it  . "  Cultured meat is still very new in the public imagination , and I think many people are still working out what they think about it . "	Tech entrepreneurs are addressing the challenges of global food production One startup , Modern Meadow , wants to engineer meat in a lab Research shows current methods of raising meat are harmful to the environment But survey finds 80 % of Americans would not eat meat grown in a lab
Ready or not America , Nina Davuluri is the new girl next door . That 's how the 24-year-old Indian-American woman sees herself , she explained to CNN 's Erin Burnett on Wednesday , three days after being crowned Miss America . "  I have always viewed Miss America as the girl next door , " Davuluri said . "  But the girl next door is evolving , as the diversity of America evolves . She 's not who she was 10 years ago , and she 's not going to be the same person come 10 years down the road . " The fact that her win Sunday spurred a torrent of racist reactions online -- many along the lines that she does n't represent what the United States is -- did n't surprise Davuluri . She 'd experienced it on a smaller scale when she became the first Miss New York of Indian descent . Davuluri sees it as her mission to tackle such stereotypes head on . It 's why the daughter of two Indian-born parents has a pageant platform of "  celebrating diversity through cultural competence . " "  I wanted to be the first Indian Miss America , to be that symbol of a new face for the organization , " she said Wednesday . "  And to let younger girls know that regardless of race , their socioeconomic status , their religion that anyone can become not only Miss America , but anything . " Still , it would be understandable if Davuluri was taken aback by tweets claiming she was n't sufficiently American or was a terrorist . Yet she 's been more heartened by all those that rallied around her . "  For one negative tweet , I received dozens of positive tweets and support from not only Indians , but the American people across the country and ... the world for that matter , " the Fayetteville , New York , native said . "  It 's been such an honor . " And while some criticize the pageant circuit for putting looks above all else , Davuluri said she 's thankful it helped her earn $ 25,000 in scholarships to study cognitive science at the University of Michigan . She will have another $ 60,000 to apply to her medical school tuition -- $ 50,000 from her Miss America win and $ 10,000 from Miss New York . This is all part of the more than $ 45 million in cash and scholarships the pageant organization gives out . Yes , Davuluri admits , good looks are a part of the equation . Contestants do strut around in swimsuits , after all , and they are judged as they walk in evening gowns . Davuluri says "  that 's reality , " as is the 10-minute interview with judges that people do n't see on TV . And Davuluri could n't be happier with the reality she 's now living -- as a groundbreaker , and a talking point , in a country addressing its cultural diversity . As she says : "  I am living my American dream . " Miss America , Julie Chen and the beauty of choice Opinion : A thank-you note to a new kind of Miss America	Nina Davuluri , a first generation Indian-American , was crowned Miss America Some reacted on Twitter by calling her not sufficiently American or a terrorist She says her win shows how what defines "  the girl next door " is evolving "  I am living my American dream , " Davuluri says
Homs , Syria  CNN  -- Government soldiers in Homs are showing the strain of war against opposition forces the government refers to as "  terrorists . " But they told CNN that , despite enduring many casualties , their morale has not flagged . Though Homs has been the site of urban combat for two years , the soldiers -- from the front line to checkpoints -- appeared largely combat-ready . Much has been reported about abuses allegedly committed by soldiers fighting for the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . Those allegations include the indiscriminate use of heavy weapons -- tanks , artillery and war planes -- in urban areas . The United Nations says both the Syrian army and opposition forces have committed war crimes and crimes against humanity . But here , the losses were personal on Friday , as a family grieved for their child , a soldier in al-Assad 's army . Ali Suleiman was 19 when he was killed last week on the front , his mother , Abeer Suleiman , told CNN . "  Him on the front lines was painful for me , but I was with him , hand in hand , defending this country , " she told CNN , adding that his body had not yet been returned to her . "  I handed him to God , a sacrifice for the homeland . " The Syrian government says its army is on the offensive against the "  terrorists . " But the access given to CNN to a hospital here underscored the price Syrian soldiers are paying . Twenty were killed and a number of others were wounded in a recent suicide attack at an army base . "  The first explosion was at the gate , " a soldier recalled . "  We went out , and it was awful seeing our comrades on the ground . As we went out , a second car came . We opened fire , but he drove into the building . The explosion caused the whole building and residential houses to collapse . " A hospital doctor likened the casualties here to those seen by doctors in other combat zones . "  It is the same terrorism the Europeans and Americans faced in Iraq and Afghanistan and allowed the French to fight outside their country in Mali , " said the doctor , Gen. Bashir Hadidi . The Syrian government has granted rare access to CNN . Officials have accompanied the journalists , whose movements are restricted . After nearly two years of such fighting , Syria 's information minister called Friday for a national dialogue to end the civil war , the government-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported . "  Omran al-Zoubi said that dialogue in the preliminary stage must cover the widest possible spectrum of Syrians , stressing that Syria is heading towards a national dialogue conference and there 's no turning back from that , voicing readiness to invite everyone including coordinators and those who abandon weapons to engage in dialogue and affirming that none of those who respond to this national call will be harmed , " SANA reported , citing an interview on Syrian TV . Al-Zoubi said that the Syrian Arab Red Crescent was contacting Syrians who have fled to neighboring countries -- "  regardless of reason or political opinion -- to arrange their return , stressing that Syria is the homeland of all Syrians and that none of those who return will be detained or punished . " Those numbers are increasing , with 5,000 Syrians crossing borders each day , according to Adrian Edwards , a spokesman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . In all , "  787,000 Syrians are now registered or being assisted as refugees , " he said , up from 414,000 in mid-December . "  There has been a huge increase in January alone ; we 're talking about a 25 % increase in registered refugee numbers over a single month . " Opposition members have said they will not work directly with al-Assad 's "  criminal " government , nor will they accept any solution that does n't involve al-Assad 's departure . The calls for dialogue came as the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported 121 people were killed Friday , 42 of them in Damascus and its suburbs .	NEW : Doctor likens the casualties to those seen in Iraq and Afghanistan Al-Zoubi cites "  readiness to invite everyone " who abandon weapons Syrian Arab Red Crescent is contacting Syrians who have fled , he says No one who responds to the call will be harmed , he pledges
CNN  -- Once upon a time there was a galaxy of stars which burned bright in the "  Big Apple " , a trio of world champions who played football from another planet and sparked a U.S. love affair with the beautiful game . The star-spangled North American Soccer League  NASL  and the New York Cosmos , for a brief time , helped football take off on the other side of the Atlantic . Pele , widely regarded as the finest footballer of all time , his fellow Brazilian Carlos Alberto and German great Franz Beckenbauer formed the formidable spine of the New York Cosmos -- the most-celebrated team in U.S. soccer history . "  Before joining the Cosmos I was playing for Flamengo in Brazil , " Carlos Alberto , who left Flamengo to join the Cosmos in 1977 , told CNN . "  We 'd read in the newspaper everyday how successful football was in New York . "  Every game they broke records for people at the game , 75,000 , 77,000 , 78,000 ... I thought , I ca n't miss out on this ! " A crowd of 73,064 watched on at Giants Stadium as the Cosmos beat the Seattle Sounders in August 1978 to win a second consecutive Soccer Bowl , the NASL 's championship match . But by 1984 , the team built around Pele , Carlos Alberto and Beckenbauer , along with the NASL , had sunk into a blackhole of obscurity . "  The Cosmos means a lot to me , " reflected Carlos Alberto , who played 100 times for the club in two separate spells . "  I had great moments during the six years I was in New York . We contributed a lot to bringing football , soccer to the States . "  I loved New York . My dream today is to see the new New York Cosmos come back and be a great success . " His dream could be about to come true . After nearly three decades in the dark , the fabled name of the Cosmos is staging a reawakening in the city that never sleeps . This week Pele stood alongside the Cosmos ' latest Brazil-born star Marcos Senna to turn the top of the Empire State Building green and announce the club 's return to competitive action . An August 3 fixture against the Fort Lauderdale Strikers in a relaunched NASL will be the Cosmos ' first league fixture since September 15 , 1984 . The latest incarnation of the NASL is an eight-team competition , which is unrelated to the U.S. 's current leading football competition Major League Soccer  MLS  . "  I think the potential is enormous , " the Cosmos ' COO Erik Stover told CNN . "  Everybody remembers the Cosmos and everybody has a story about it . We certainly have the potential to do that again . " The club was refounded in 2010 and a host of former stars have aligned to boost the returning team 's profile . The Cosmos are once again competing in the NASL , which has been up and running as an eight-team league since 2011 . The league has the enviable task of matching MLS , which was established as part of the U.S. 's successful bid to host the 1994 World Cup and has housed star names like David Beckham and Thierry Henry . Stover knows more than most about creating a New York soccer success stories . For three years the Pennsylvanian worked at the city 's biggest Major League Soccer  MLS  franchise the New York Red Bulls , helping the club move into the purpose-built , 25,000-seater Red Bull Arena . He plans to repeat the trick for the Cosmos with plans already in place for a $ 400m stadium complex in Belmont Park area . Stover also played a part in bringing Thierry Henry , a world and European champion with France , to the States from Barcelona in 2010 . While the Cosmos ' history is littered with stellar names , the modern-day team are starting from humble beginnings -- namely the Matchroom Stadium in London . It is home to third-tier English club Leyton Orient and the venue for a key exhibition match for coach Giovanni Savarese 's newly-built team . The Cosmos lost 2-1 . "  We 're very careful to say this is not 1977 , this is not 77,000 at Giants Stadium , we do n't have Pele and Beckenbauer , " Stover replies when asked about the task he faces in trying to live up to the Cosmos ' stellar past . "  We have a good squad and we play good soccer and we will grow from there . It needs to be built up , we ca n't start at that level overnight . " But the Cosmos have been able to recruit one player whose caliber is undeniable . Senna enjoyed a successful career in Europe with Spanish club Villarreal , helping the team reach the 2006 Champions League semifinals . The midfielder also represented his adopted homeland at international level and he was a key member of the Spain team which won Euro 2008 and kick started La Roja 's recent period of dominance . The Cosmos ' legacy is built on the recruitment of players like Senna and Pele , but Stover has more realistic goals this time around . "  Marcos is obviously a great player and a recognizable star , " he explains . "  I think that 's the type of player we 're looking for . "  We also know that we have to have a sustainable model . We ca n't over spend , we ca n't bring in 11 superstars right now , that 's not going to do anybody any good . We like our roster now and we like who we are , every team is always evolving . " Carlos Mendes is one of Senna 's new teammates and a genuine New Yorker . The defender boasts a respectable pedigree within U.S. soccer and is a veteran of six years with the Red Bulls . Despite the weight of history on his new team 's shoulders , Mendes is relishing the chance to represent a club with such an illustrious name . "  It 's an honor , " insists the 32-year-old . "  We can never duplicate that . You 're never going to match that team , some of the best players in the world . "  Hopefully we can play attractive soccer , something the fans can be proud of and we can bring some championships back to New York . That 's our main focus starting August 3 . " Mendes is part of a team which has been brought together in little over two months by the Cosmos ' hierarchy , with coach Savarese at the heart of the effort . The Venezuelan was a journeyman striker in the MLS , best known for a prolific two-year spell with the New York/New Jersey Metrostars between 1996 and 1998 . He has a team at his disposal which boasts a European champion , but also contains players looking for a second chance at a football career . "  We are very satisfied with what we 're building right now , with the players and the family we 're creating at the New York Cosmos , " says the former Venezuela international . "  I 'm having fun . I think this is a great job , with a great organization with a great name . We do n't have time to think about pressure , we just have to keep working and make sure we build a new future . " What the future holds for the Cosmos is uncertain . Could the club one day join the Red Bulls in the MLS ? "  It 's possible , " answers Stover . "  We do n't know . There are no discussions right now . There 's no animosity between the groups . "  We just do things one way and MLS does them differently . You never know how things will grow and change over time . " After 30 years in the doldrums , the New York Cosmos are happy enough just being back on the field .	The New York Cosmos return for the first time in 30 years on Saturday A team including Pele , Franz Beckenbauer and Carlos Alberto shone in the 1970s The Cosmos drew crowds in excess of 70,000 to Giants Stadium The Cosmos ' first match is against the Fort Lauderdale Strikers
CNN  -- Even as Facebook titles like "  FrontierVille " and "  Restaurant City " continue to attract millions of players , interest in social games may be waning . A rise of tongue-in-cheek parody games that poke fun at these popular outings points to rising discontent amongst both gaming fans and industry insiders . "  There 's a general feeling of discomfort and bafflement with all of the FarmWhatever and MobsterBoss notifications you see on Facebook and other social networks , " said Persuasive Games founder Ian Bogost . "  It 's become almost absurdist . " Witness Bogost 's new social gaming spoof , "  Cow Clicker , " a Facebook game in which you click on cows to earn the right to click on more cows . It 's a form of biting interactive satire . "  Any cultural force that we do n't grasp but that seems to overtake us becomes ripe for parody , " Bogost added . "  I created ` Cow Clicker ' in part to give myself and others a second look at ` FarmVille ' and its ilk and force social-network games players to ask themselves what these -LSB- titles -RSB- are and why they 're so compelling . " From social-gaming protest groups to fake "  FarmVille " commercials , there are plenty of signs that other social networkers share similar sentiments . This year has also brought "  Progress Wars , " a game in which players repeatedly click to complete random missions such as "  ambush silk traders " or "  slay dealers . " Creator Jakob Skjerning 's blog said he analyzed popular Facebook games and distilled their gameplay into core game mechanics "  to point out the pointlessness of many casual games . " Some gaming experts claim that social-network games put business concerns before artistic ones and are specifically designed to prompt base Pavlovian responses and keep players clicking away . According to New York University games researcher and theorist Jesper Juul , social games are "  brain hacks that exploit human psychology in order to make money . " "  There are forces that compel us humans to do incredibly counterintuitive things , " concurred Bogost . " ` Cow Clicker ' is a game in which you click a cow , and yet that simple act can still swallow us whole . We like to think of ourselves as rational beings with control over our faculties , but far more often , we are at the whim of things rather than master over them . " Some professional game makers even accuse social network titles of promoting addictiveness and using shame as a motivator . For example , "  FrontierVille " players who fail to accept requests from friends or upkeep their virtual homesteads may be subject to public mockery . Social networks like Facebook offer gamers the ability to interact easily with millions of other users and rally support for positive causes , Bogost says . But he believes that their potential is being underutilized by Silicon Valley tech entrepreneurs . "  It 's not the idea of social games that are the problem . -LSB- It 's that -RSB- nobody 's talking about what would make them good art but only what would make them immensely profitable , " he said . Naturally , social game makers beg to differ . Brian Reynolds , chief designer for "  FarmVille " creator Zynga , whose games also include such Facebook hits as "  Mafia Wars , " believes that social games "  tend to be vastly underrated by many of gaming 's opinion leaders . " "  This is partially I think because they 're so simple , " he suggested , "  and partially because people just are n't used to the business model or games being able to speak to such a large mass market audience . " Reynolds , the former head of Big Huge Games and a strategy game designer whose credited work includes contributions to the "  Civilization " franchise , thinks social network titles are a major positive for the field . "  Working in social games feels more like the games industry did when I started 20 years ago , " he says . "  Small , scrappy teams working on games that emphasize fun and playability , and not so much huge technology , 3-D engines and full-motion video . For designers , it 's a really fertile space to be creative . " Despite a steep drop off in popularity since Facebook shut off social games ' ability to spam user profiles with messages and updates this year , Reynolds argues that the market for social gaming has n't peaked . He cautions that some user attrition is inevitable and that an ongoing evolution in social gaming is needed to stave off player boredom , and he believes that the fundamental multiplayer context of these games will ensure their survival . "  That 's the real nuclear bomb for me , " he said . "  Unlike previous games , you 're playing light games with real friends that you have actual ` real-world ' social connections with , not meeting strangers online . " Bogost believes traditional game developers are "  stuck in a strange no-man 's - land " between the entertainment industry and the high-tech industry . "  At the same time , traditional developers are understandably startled and even jealous of the massive and sudden success of social games , " he said . "  So there 's a good deal of self-loathing at work . "	Interest in social games , such as Facebook 's "  FarmVille , " may be waning Some experts claim social-network games put business concerns before artistic ones Zynga designer : Social games "  emphasize fun and playability " over complex technology
CNN  -- It 's a 1-0 victory to the U.S. . In an age when major nations are doing battle for football 's brightest talents , the American team has pulled off quite a coup . Julian Green is a dual U.S. and German citizen who has been playing for Bayern Munich in Germany since 2010 . The 18-year-old winger 's displays since making his debut for Bayern 's second team in 2013 have been enough to convince U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann to offer Green the chance to represent the country of his birth . But the Tampa-born starlet has already represented Germany at youth level , meaning football 's global governing body FIFA had to clear Green to play for Klinsmann 's team . On Monday FIFA did just that , meaning there is nothing stopping Klinsmann from handing Green his international debut against Mexico on April 2 and subsequently taking him to the 2014 World Cup in Brazil . "  We are obviously thrilled , " Klinsmann told U.S. soccer 's official website . "  We appreciate FIFA 's effort in getting his paperwork approved , and are excited to have him on board for the game against Mexico on April 2 . " Blog : "  Your country needs YOU ! " But which country ? Cases like Green 's are becoming increasingly common . In February Spain handed a debut to striker Diego Costa . The Atletico Madrid star has dazzled observers this season , firing his club to the top of the Spanish first division with 23 goals in 27 games . Costa looks likely to spearhead Spain 's defense of its World Cup crown later this year , an ironic twist given the tournament will take place in his homeland . Not only was Costa born in Lagarto , Brazil , he played for the country of his birth on two occasions in March 2013 . But in September of that year the Spanish federation requested Costa be allowed to play for La Roja after he had been granted Spanish citizenship . FIFA obliged Spain 's request , much to the chagrin of Brazil 's football authorities . Manchester United youngster Adnan Januzaj is another player who could spark an international incident . The winger , who impressed upon breaking into the United first team earlier this season , was born in in Brussels , Belgium and is also eligible to play for Albania . The Football Association was thought to be exploring whether Januzaj would be eligible to play for England , while the Football Federation of Kosovo would also call upon the 19-year-old should it ever be permitted to play competitively . Like Green before him , it seems likely that Januzaj will have to pledge his allegiance sooner rather than later .	Julian Green cleared to play for U.S. against Mexico on April 2 The young winger previously played for Germany in youth tournaments Green was born in Tampa and plays for Bayern Munich 's second team Former Brazil striker Diego Costa recently made his debut for Spain
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- For Olympic swimmer Eric Shanteau , the last two months have been a whirlwind . "  Full of the best moments and the scariest moments of my life , " says the 24-year-old Olympic swimmer . Eric Shanteau said he felt angry when he found out he had testicular cancer . "  Getting to the Olympics was , has always been , my swimming dream since I was 8 or 9 years old . You know , right after I started swimming it was , ' I want to make an Olympic team . That 's where I want to be ' . " In June , a week before the qualifying round of the Olympics he was told he had testicular cancer . "  My initial reaction was probably anger more than anything else , " he says . "  I 'm used to being in control of everything . I 'm in control of how I train , how I race and then to all of a sudden have that control ripped away from me was tough . " After weeks of tests to determine the "  stage " or spread of the cancer , Shanteau 's team of doctors cleared him to compete in the Beijing Olympics , which meant carefully monitoring his tumor but delaying treatment . Though putting off the surgery was controversial to some , Eric says it was an educated choice based on numerous doctor evaluations . "  I hope people understand that if I was in a different position with my test results , then I would n't have put off having surgery . " Dr. Sanjay Gupta reports from Eric Shanteau 's surgery " He swam a personal best in the 200 meter breaststroke . He did not qualify for the finals . Cancer was a motivator , he says , because he knew it meant he could be facing his last competition . He put everything he had into that heat . "  Leave it all in the pool , and I do n't look back and regret anything as far as how I raced . " Once back from Beijing , Shanteau invited CNN to spend time with him the night before his surgery in Atlanta , Georgia . Though admittedly a little scared , he spent the evening relaxing with his family , cooking dinner , walking the dog . A source of inspiration , he says , were fans who shared their stories of beating cancer . "  They send me their story and it helps me to learn that people are going through the same thing I am all over the world , " says Shanteau . "  They all affect me in a different way and it 's been really encouraging to share in this experience with other people . " Testicular cancer is diagnosed in about 1 in 300 men in their lifetime . It is the most common form of cancer for 15 - to 34-year-olds . It is also one of the most curable if discovered early . Nearly 140,000 men in the United States are testicular cancer survivors . Shanteau says he experienced no symptoms of cancer and came across the tumor by chance . "  I 've been in a Speedo half my life , " he says . "  So I am really comfortable with my body . One day I just felt something that was n't suppose to be there . I decided to go and get it checked out . " He adds that although he had the "  greatest excuse in the world " -- an Olympic dream -- to ignore the lump , he understood the importance of early detection . Shanteau 's father Rick , is battling lung cancer and responding well to treatment . "  A lot of guys , if they hear a rattle in their car , they 're at the mechanic the next day , " he says . "  But if they feel something -LSB- physically -RSB- that they do n't think should be there , it takes them a year to get to their doctor and that just is not smart . There 's really no excuse , because it can save your life . " Fast forward to Shanteau 's recent operation at Emory University Hospital . CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta was with Shanteau during the surgery and spoke with the lead surgeon , Dr. Jeff Carney , moments afterward . "  I think the operation went very well , " Carney said . "  Eric 's a very healthy young man , very thin , in excellent shape . That makes my job easy . " Later that week , Shanteau 's pathology results revealed that the operation removed the most of the cancer . "  The majority of it is gone . " he tells CNN . "  There is a small chance it could come back but I should n't need chemotherapy at this point , so I am really optimistic . " His treatment plan is to keep a close eye on his health for the next year with regular medical tests . "  Obviously , it would have been nice if the doctor said , ` You 're completely in the clear , ' but my results are exactly what the doctors expected . " Eric says the cancer diagnosis gave him a different perspective on life . "  I appreciate life much more now , " he says . "  I do n't let myself get upset about the little nitpicky things anymore . Food even seems to taste better . It is really great . " As for Shanteau 's swimming career , he plans to compete in the 2009 World Swimming Championship in Rome , Italy . "  2012 -LSB- the next Olympics -RSB- is a push for me . Right now I 'm just kind of taking it year by year and we 'll see what happens . "	Olympic swimmer Eric Shanteau found out about his cancer in June He delayed treatment so he could compete in the games in Beijing He plans to compete in the 2009 World Swimming Championship in Rome Testicular cancer is diagnosed in about 1 in 300 men in their lifetime
Washington  CNN  -- A Moroccan man who admitted plotting to blow up the U.S. Capitol in a suicide attack was offered "  martyrdom payments " for his parents by his undercover FBI handlers , according to the man 's lawyers . Amine El Khalifi , 29 , will be sentenced Friday and under the terms of a plea agreement he 'll receive a sentence ranging from 25 to 30 years . In a sentencing memo filed Friday , El Khalifi 's lawyers argued for the lower sentence and stressed he received financial support which freed him up to participate in a plot . The document said El Khalifi was financially strapped living in Virginia and worried about sending money home to his parents in Morocco , who had suffered financial reversals . Two men El Khalifi knew as Hussien and Yusuf "  promised to take care of Mr. El Khalifi 's family in Morocco by sending them $ 500 per month to commence after the attack was completed , " according to El Khalifi 's lawyers . The document also states El Khalifi was given rent and grocery money amounting to at least $ 5,700 from September 2011 to February 2012 . El Khalifi thought the men could assist him in a terror plot , but they were actually FBI agents . El Khalifi was arrested on February 17th after he had take possession of what he thought was a suicide vest and a MAC-10 semiautomatic handgun . Both had been rendered inoperable by the FBI . The defense lawyers contend their client , who pleaded guilty in June , "  bears no ill-will against the American people " and believed God had called on him to commit a violent act . "  He is relieved that his attempted crime was foiled and that no one was actually injured , " according to the court filing . According to the lawyers , the actions of the FBI do not constitute entrapment . However , the lawyers said El Khalifi was "  enabled by the FBI , who as part of its ` sting , ' helped Mr. El Khalifi with the means , method and motivation for the attack . " The FBI and the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Eastern District of Virginia would not comment on whether the FBI promised El Khalifi "  martyrdom payments " as part of its ruse . However , prosecutors filed their own sentencing memo arguing El Khalifi should get the higher sentence of 30 years . "  The defendant , on his own initiative , selected the target and date of the attack , and engaged in surveillance to ensure that his attack caused maximum casualties , " the prosecutors wrote . According to the government , it is very lucky the FBI and not actual extremists came into the picture and started working with El Khalifi . "  There is every reason to believe that he would have taken any opportunity he encountered in the future to commit mass murder , " said the prosecution 's filing . El Khalifi "  eventually would have encountered such opportunities outside the presence of undercover FBI agents . " The ` lone wolf ' -- the unknowable face of terror	Defense lawyers say Moroccan man was offered payments by undercover FBI agents Amine El Khalifi was arrested in February after taking possession of suicide vest , gun El Khalifi is scheduled to be sentenced on Friday
CNN  -- Guantanamo Bay detainees wielding "  improvised weapons " clashed Saturday with guards , an episode that occurred amid simmering tensions at the U.S. military base . The U.S. guards responded by firing "  four less-than-lethal rounds , " the military 's Joint Task Force Guantanamo said in a statement . No guards or detainees suffered "  serious injuries " at the facility in Cuba . The incident , which happened in Camp VI at the detention center , comes as some inmates have waged a weeks-long hunger strike in protest of their treatment , guards searching through Qurans and other issues . Since 2002 , the Guantanamo detention center -- where people have been held in a range of conditions , from communal living to lone , maximum-security cells -- has held people captured outside the United States in counterterrorism operations . As of November 2012 , there were 166 detainees in the facility , according to a government report . Carlos Warner , a U.S. lawyer representing some of those detainees , told CNN late last month detainees have become increasingly frustrated with "  very dire , dire conditions " and their sense that the current legal process leaves them in limbo indefinitely . "  It leaves them with the prospect of the only way we leave Guantanamo is death , " Warner said . "  Unfortunately , I think the men are ready to embrace this . " Early Saturday , the commander of Joint Task Force Guantanamo ordered all inmates in Camp VI moved into individual cells . The reason , the military explained , was "  to ensure the health and security of those detainees . " The clashes occurred while guards tried to move inmates . Capt. Robert Durand , a Guantanamo spokesman , said the decision was made after detainees starting in February -- about the same time as latest hunger strike -- began obstructing surveillance cameras , windows and glass partitions . These actions , which Durand described as "  non-compliant " and "  unacceptable , " made it difficult for guards to do "  round-the-clock monitoring " throughout the facility . "  Suspending the detainees ' communal living privileges was in response to a coordinated effort by detainees to create an unsafe situation and limit the guard force 's observation , " the military spokesman said . " ... The ability to continuously monitor detainees is the only way we can provide for their health and security . We should have gone in earlier . " Warner , the public defender for some Guantanamo detainees , has said frustrations have grown since a change in command last year , which was followed by a number of new policies . The lack of action in closing Guantanamo Bay -- as President Barack Obama signed on to -- is furthering resentment that those held have no recourse or hope , the lawyer said . "  It was designed ... to be exactly what it is , a legal no man 's land , " Warner said . "  Where there 's one way in and the only way out is in a box . "	Head of Guantanamo Bay decides to move all Camp VI detainees into single cells Detainees were obstructing cameras and windows , a U.S. military spokesman Some inmates resisted using "  improvised weapons " ; guards replied with non-lethal rounds A lawyer says frustrations are growing among detainees
CNN  -- A warrant has been issued for a New Jersey man who is suspected in the death of his 2-year-old daughter , authorities announced Wednesday . Multiple law-enforcement agencies are searching for Arthur E. Morgan III , authorities said at a news conference . A group of boys discovered the child 's body partly submerged in a stream in Shark River Park in Monmouth County on Tuesday afternoon , officials said . She was strapped into her car seat , CNN affiliate WABC reported . The stream runs beneath an overpass , suggesting that the child and car seat were thrown from the overpass , said county prosecutor Christopher Gramiccioni . Morgan was supposed to return the child to her mother Monday night following a custody visit , Gramiccioni said . When he did n't return the girl , prosecutors in Ocean County on Tuesday morning charged him with endangering the welfare of a child and interfering with child custody . The girl was found dead about 20 hours later , WABC reported . Police say Morgan was last seen between 7 and 8 p.m. Monday on the Asbury Park train platform . A number of federal and state agencies , including the FBI , are involved in the search , suggesting that Morgan might try to leave New Jersey , where he and the child 's mother live separately , Gramiccioni said . "  Police are working with every ounce of their being to locate him , " Monmouth County Prosecutor Peter E. Warshaw Jr. said . CNN 's Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	Multiple law-enforcement agencies are searching for Arthur E. Morgan III His 2-year-old daughter 's body was found Tuesday in a New Jersey stream State authorities and the FBI are involved in the search
CNN  -- Prince William has spoken in depth publicly for the first time about death of his mother , Diana , Princess of Wales , 12 years ago , saying "  mummy " is now a hollow word "  evoking only memories . " Diana , Princess of Wales , died in a Paris car crash 12 years ago . Prince William was only 15 and his brother Prince Harry 12 when Diana died in a Paris car crash along with Dodi Fayed in 1997 . The Prince made the comment Thursday during a speech to mark his new role as patron of Britain 's Child Bereavement Charity -- a group his mother was once involved with . The British Press Association reported that he told the launch of the charity 's Mother 's Day campaign : "  My mother Diana was present at your launch 15 years ago , and I am incredibly proud to be able to continue her support for your fantastic charity , by becoming your royal patron . "  What my mother recognized then -- and what I understand now -- is that losing a close family member is one of the hardest experiences that anyone can ever endure . "  Never being able to say the word ` Mummy ' again in your life sounds like a small thing . Tell us what you think about Prince William 's moving comments "  However , for many , including me , it 's now really just a word -- hollow and evoking only memories . "  I can therefore wholeheartedly relate to the Mother 's Day campaign as I too have felt -- and still feel -- the emptiness on such a day as Mother 's Day . " Listen to Prince William discuss his mother . " The charity wants to raise awareness of the problems suffered by mothers bereaved of a child or children bereaved of their mother . Based in Buckinghamshire , a region west of London , it educates professionals and supports families after a death . Writing in Britain 's Daily Mail newspaper about his new role , the Prince said the reality of losing a child or parent was "  awful . " "  Initially , there is a sense of profound shock and disbelief that this could ever happen to you . Real grief often does not hit home until much later . "  For many it is a grief never entirely lost . Life is altered as you know it , and not a day goes past without you thinking about the one you have lost . " Mother 's Day in the UK always falls on the fourth weekend of Lent , and this year is on March 22 . Earlier this week France 's leading society magazine , Point de Vue , reported that the Prince would marry his long-term girlfriend , Kate Middleton , this summer . The magazine claimed an official announcement was "  imminent . "	Prince William says he feels "  emptiness " every Mother 's Day His mother , Diana , Princess of Wales , died in a Paris car crash 12 years ago Prince : "  For many , including me , -LSB- Mummy is -RSB- now really just a word "
CNN  -- An American Express insurance company is suing a Maryland man , who was accused in the Aruba disappearance of his traveling companion , in an effort to void a $ 1.5 million insurance policy he took out on her . Amex Assurance Company claims that Gary Giordano does not have a right to collect on the big dollar life insurance policy he obtained on his companion Robyn Gardner because their relationship was "  casual and non-exclusive , " according to the lawsuit . Giordano , of Gaithersburg , Maryland , was thrust into the spotlight last year when Gardner went missing during the couple 's trip in Aruba . Gardner , 35 , also of Maryland was last seen August 2 , 2011 . Giordano told authorities the two were snorkeling when she disappeared and he filed a missing person report . Aruba authorities detained Giordano and held him until late November and said they were suspicious about the $ 1.5 million life insurance policy he took out on Gardner days before they traveled to the Caribbean island . Giordano , 51 , was released because Aruban authorities said they did not have enough evidence and Giordano acknowledged in later interviews that he did inquire about the life insurance policy two days after Gardner disappeared . The lawsuit , filed last week in Maryland federal court , also alleges that Giordano did not tell the truth when he filled out the life insurance form indicating that Gardner was a "  partner . " The two were not married and did not fit any of the other strict definitions the company designates as partner , the lawsuit said . In June , Giordano sued Amex Assurance Company for $ 3.5 million for the death claim . But "  nowhere in that complaint is there an explanation for defendant Giordano 's assertion that he is entitled to recover $ 3,500,000 , " Amex Assurance Company lawsuit says . The company said it is also seeking damages against Giordano . In an unrelated case , Giordano was arrested in a Maryland parking garage in May for indecent exposure along with a Tennessee woman after police found them unclothed in the back of a Cadillac Escalade . Two passersby complained to a garage employee about the SUV , and when the employee located the vehicle , he observed a woman and man cuddled together , with the man not wearing any clothes , according to an Annapolis Police Department report . Police found the couple partially covered by a blanket and laying on a single mattress in the back of the SUV , and one officer shined his light into the vehicle to gain the couple 's attention , the report said . "  While we recognize that Mr. Giordano enjoys an infamous reputation , the Annapolis arrest was simply a matter of effective police work in response to citizen complaints , " Annapolis Chief Michael Pristoop said at the time . CNN 's Arielle Hawkins contributed to this report .	Company says Giordano does not have a right to collect on $ 1.5 million policy Giordano was detained in the disappearance of the woman on whom he had a life insurance policy He was released after being detained for about four months
CNN  -- The United States has offered to destroy Syria 's "  priority chemicals , " the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons said Saturday . "  The United States has offered to contribute a destruction technology , full operational support and financing to neutralize Syria 's priority chemicals , which are to be removed from the country by 31 December , " the group said in a statement . A joint OPCW-United Nations team charged with overseeing the destruction of the weapons began inspecting sites in October . The U.N. Security Council resolution that authorized the mission set a deadline of mid-2014 for Syria to destroy its chemical weapons or face consequences . The goal is to move the most dangerous chemicals out of the country as quickly as possible , said Sigrid Kaag , head of the joint team . OPCW approves road map for Syria chemical weapons destruction The operation will be conducted on a U.S. vessel at sea using hydrolysis , a method that dilutes the most dangerous chemicals to a point where they can be disposed of safely . The OPCW has turned to the private sector for the destruction of Syria 's other chemicals , including common industrial ones . An estimated 1.8 million pounds  800 metric tons  , accounting for a major part of Syria 's stockpile , is to be disposed of commercially at a cost estimated at $ 47 million to $ 54 million . Some 35 companies have expressed interest and are being evaluated , the OPCW said . United States still getting rid of its chemical weapons The U.N. resolution on Syria 's chemical weapons was based on a deal struck between the United States and Russia that averted an American military strike over allegations the Syrian government used sarin nerve gas in an August 21 attack on a Damascus suburb . U.S. officials said at least 1,400 people died in the attack . Syria denied responsibility , blaming rebel forces . The United Nations estimates that more than 100,000 people overall have died since the Syrian conflict began in March 2011 . It began with a government crackdown on peaceful protesters during the Arab Spring movement , then slowly and bloodily spiraled into a a full-blown civil war . There was more bloodshed Saturday in the Middle Eastern nation . The opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria blamed President Bashar al-Assad 's forces for a "  horrible massacre against civilians " in al-Bab , in Aleppo province . The network of opposition activists said at least 21 people died after Syrian warplanes dropped "  explosive barrels " on the city . These were among at least 72 people killed nationwide Saturday , the LCC reported . While it did not mention Al-Bab specifically , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency , or SANA , reported that government troops killed "  dozens of terrorists " in Aleppo province . The units additionally destroyed "  missile launchers " -- some of which , the SANA report claimed , had been "  used by terrorists to target residents " -- "  and cars loaded with weapons and ammunition in several villages and towns . " The conflict , once again , spilled outside Syria 's borders on Saturday . At least five people died in clashes between pro and anti-Syrian regime groups in the northern Lebanese city of Tripoli , Lebanon 's state-run news agency NNA reported Saturday . Lebanese Armed Forces have retaliated with gunfire in the area in an attempt to restore calm , according to NNA . The clashes are one more illustration on how Lebanon is being drawn deeper into Syria 's civil war . Syrian children : Another year of horror CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report	NEW : At least 72 die nationwide , an opposition group reports NEW : This includes 21 dead in a "  horrible massacre , " says the group The U.S. has offered to destroy Syria 's "  priority chemicals " Private companies are vying to destroy the more common chemicals
CNN  -- The man accused of setting a fire in an air traffic control center , causing the shutdown of operations at Chicago O'Hare International and nearby Midway Airport , sent a private Facebook message to a relative just before he started the blaze , the FBI says in an affidavit . "  Take a hard look in the mirror , I have , " the message said , according to the affidavit . "  And this is why I am about to take out ZAU -LSB- the three-letter identification for the control center -RSB- and my life . ... So I 'm gon na smoke this blunt and move on , take care everyone . " Then , 36-year-old Brian Howard apparently started the fire in the control center basement , the affidavit said . When firefighters arrived , they found him lying on the floor and slicing his throat with a knife , the affidavit said . The FBI charged Howard , a resident of Naperville , Illinois , with one count of destruction of aircraft or aircraft facilities , a felony . Howard was taken to a hospital for treatment of his injuries . The fire started at about 5:40 a.m. Friday and caused the evacuation of the air traffic control center in Aurora , Illinois , which controls flights in several Midwest states . Airlines at O'Hare canceled 1,550 flights and 470 at Midway , the Chicago Department of Aviation said at 8:45 p.m. Friday . Southwest Airlines suspended all fights for the day at Midway and Milwaukee 's General Mitchell International Airport . The ripple effect caused the cancellation of flights at airports across the nation . Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport had 70 cancellations on Friday , compared to seven on Thursday , according to Flightaware , a flight-tracking website . LaGuardia Airport in New York City had 56 on Friday and 10 on Thursday . By Friday afternoon , flights to the Chicago airports had resumed at a "  reduced rate , " authorities said . The effect of the fire on Saturday 's flight activity has not been determined and it was not clear when the center would reopen . Faced transfer to Hawaii Howard had worked eight years in the center but faced a transfer to Hawaii , the FBI says in an affidavit . The documents do n't specify his job title but said he worked in "  telecommunications matters . " The FBI said Howard arrived at the control center a little after 5 a.m. dragging a "  hard-sided roller board suitcase " into the basement , where he usually worked . He allegedly sent the Facebook message about 30 minutes after arriving and the recipient notified police . At 5:42 a.m. somebody in the control center called 911 about a fire , the affidavit said . First responders found smoke in the air , blood on the floor , exposed cables , burned towels , a gasoline can , a lighter and a knife on the floor , the affidavit said . One paramedic saw some feet sticking out from under a table and found a shirtless Howard "  in the process of actively slicing his throat with another knife , " the affidavit said . Howard , the affidavit said , told the paramedics to "  leave me alone . " Police obtained search warrants for Howard 's home and found "  legal documents that had been laid out in a staged manner , in an attempt to make them easier to find , " the affidavit said . The affidavit did n't describe the documents . No court date has been set for Howard . If convicted , Howard faces a possible sentence of up to 20 years in prison and a maximum fine of $ 250,000 . CNN affiliate WLS reported that Howard was a machinist mate in the Navy from 1996 to 2000 with nothing unusual about his military record . He had a few traffic citations in 2007 , but nothing serious , WLS said . "  He seemed like an everyday , normal kind of guy to me , " neighbor Colin McGrath told WLS . Travelers are frustrated When the two Chicago airports shut down , controllers at other airports helped manage traffic to and from Chicago . O'Hare last year handled 883,000 takeoffs and landings , ranking it as the second-busiest airport on the planet , according to Airports Council International . Travelers stood in long lines inside the O'Hare terminal trying to rearrange flight plans . They described a frustrating scene to CNN reporters . "  There 's chaos mixed with outrage , " said Bernard Thompson of Washington , D.C. , who needs to be home by Sunday for a speaking engagement . Thompson said that after his flight was canceled , the airline told him the next flight with an open seat would leave Monday . He booked a flight with another airline , only to discover the first airline could n't locate his luggage . "  I 'll get there but it 's a question of whether I 'll have my luggage with me , " he said . The fire ruined travel plans at other airports . Des Moines International Airport reported 19 cancellations on Friday , according to Flightaware , including the flight that would have carried Chelsea and Bill Wright to New York City . "  We boarded our dogs and our kids are here and we got babysitters for them so it 's messing everything up , " Chelsea Wright told CNN affiliate KCCI . Other control centers pitch in to help In a typical backup plan for a disabled FAA center , the FAA could assign air traffic control authority to FAA centers in other cities , such as Indianapolis , Cleveland , Minneapolis or Kansas City . Doug Church , a spokesman for the National Air Traffic Controllers Association union , said air traffic controllers braced for a tough day . "  Indianapolis Center is one of the major facilities bearing the brunt of the extra workload today due to the Chicago Center situation , " Church said . O'Hare is a main hub for United Airlines and other major carriers , with flights headed to international destinations . When controllers stop flights scheduled to fly to O'Hare , it has the potential to trigger a line of falling air traffic dominoes that will ruin travel plans for countless would-be passengers . Illustrating the point , the flight tracking website FlightRadar24.com showed no aircraft flying in an area stretching from eastern Iowa to central Michigan . Smoke at FAA facility stopped flights in May Friday 's flight stoppages come four months after smoke at an FAA radar facility in Elgin , Illinois , prompted flight cancellations and delays at O'Hare and Midway . In that May 13 incident , most flights in and out of O'Hare were delayed by an average of an hour or more , and more than 600 flights were canceled , the Chicago Department of Aviation said . Some 75 flights were canceled at Midway . The smoke in that May incident was caused by a faulty motor in an air conditioning system , the FAA said at the time . CNN 's Mike Pearson and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect "  seemed like an everyday , normal kind of guy to me , " neighbor says FBI affidavit says suspect faced transfer to Hawaii Frustrated air traveler : "  There 's chaos mixed with outrage " More than 2,000 flight cancellations at O'Hare and Midway airports
CNN  -- Niger has extradited Moammar Gadhafi 's son Saadi , who has been transferred to a jail in Tripoli , Libya , the Libyan government said Thursday . The North African country had been seeking the handover of Saadi Gadhafi , who fled across the border to Niger when rebel forces toppled his father in a NATO-backed uprising in 2011 . "  He was handed to Libya and is now in the custody of the Libyan judicial police , " the Libyan government said on its Facebook page . It thanked the leader of its southern neighbor for his cooperation . Saadi , one of Gadhafi 's seven sons , was a professional soccer player and businessman before his father 's downfall . Unlike his brother , Saif al-Islam , Gadhafi 's heir apparent , he is not wanted by the International Criminal Court in The Hague , Netherlands , on charges of war crimes . In late 2011 , rebel forces captured Saif al-Islam , who remains in a militia hands in the small western mountain town of Zintan , Libya . Niger handed over Saadi Gadhafi after Libyan authorities provided evidence of "  communications and practices targeting Libya 's security and aimed at destabilizing Libya , " Libyan Prime Minister Ali Zeidan told Libyan television . In February 2012 , the younger Gadhafi made a televised phone call warning of an imminent uprising in Libya , saying he was in regular contact with people in the country who were unhappy with the new authorities . Authorities in Niger had warned him after that incident . He had been staying under tight regulation , including house arrest . Pictures of Saadi Gadhafi , 40 , wearing a blue uniform as his head was shaved circulated widely on social media . Niger had previously refused to hand him over , with some officials saying he could face the death penalty in Libya . He reportedly resided in a secured guesthouse in Niger 's capital , Niamey , after fleeing across the Sahara desert . A leading human rights group questioned why he had been handed over . "  The authorities in Niger should explain why they were convinced that Saadi Gaddafi would not be mistreated and would get a fair trial , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East and North Africa director at Human Rights Watch . She called for Libyan officials to bring him quickly to trial and protect him from inhumane treatment . Seeking Gadhafi supporters Since the end of the conflict that came with Moammar Gadhafi 's capture and killing in October 2011 , Libya 's government has sought the extradition of family members and ex-officials . Several of Gadhafi 's other sons were killed during the rebellion . Saif al-Arab died in a NATO airstrike in spring 2011 , and Khamis , who led the elite and widely feared Khamis brigade , was reported killed during the fighting . He died in a battle in northwestern Libya that August . Around the time of his death , troops commanded by Khamis Gadhafi killed an estimated 150 captive civilians during a retreat , hurling grenades and spraying bullets into a building full of men they had promised to release , a survivor said . Another son , once national security adviser , Mutassim , was killed near the Libyan leader 's last stronghold of Sirte in October 2011 . The former dictator 's wife , Safia , fled with sons Mohammed , Hannibal and daughter Aisha to neighboring Algeria in late August 2011 , along with extended family members . They reportedly left there for Oman , where they were granted asylum . 2012 : Gadhafi 's son seeks travel ban waiver , lawyer says 2011 : Saadi Gadhafi arrives in Niger as Libyan troops seek to strangle Sirte CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : Rights groups calls for due process for Saadi Gadhafi He is accused of trying to destabilize Libya , prime minister says Niger handed over son over to Tripoli government New government sought extradition of ex-dictator 's relatives and ex-officials
CNN  -- "  We 're here ! Oh , my God . Alina , you look so chic ! Turn around ! " -- the seal of approval from fashion 's newest darling . He 's Patrick Pope , a Los Angeles-based Web producer who moonlights as P'Trique , the star of the viral videos , "  S ** t Fashion Girls Say . " Since they debuted in February , the videos have had a combined 3 million views . P'Trique has come to New York Fashion Week , at CNN 's invitation , to spend the day with me at the Tents . "  Can I just tell you something , " he says , "  I am CHO-tally into you right now . " Giggle . In the nearly nine years I 've been covering fashion for CNN , I have never seen anything like this . We do n't even make it across the plaza at Lincoln Center before we are mobbed by fashionistas , street style bloggers and the merely curious , angling to get a photo with fashion 's latest celebrity . Once we 're inside , it instantly becomes clear that P'Trique has a fan club in the land of the double kiss : Fern Mallis , Carlos Souza , Ken Downing -- big names in fashion , bowing to the man in the pink vintage dress . "  You look so chic , " says Fe Fendi . Derek Blasberg , editor-at-large at Harper 's Bazaar , even had a cameo in "  S ** t Fashion Girls Say at New York Fashion Week . " He says , "  What I love about him is that he 's the full package . He looks ridiculous . He says ridiculous things . The response has been ridiculous . " But looking good takes time . "  How long does it take to get ready ? " He answers , "  Most of the time about two hours ... and a team of about four . " What 's fashion week without taking in a show ? We 're here to see Carlos Miele and we 're sitting front row . In order to secure the highly sought after seats , we give Miele 's team P'Trique 's real name , Patrick Pope . "  One thing I love about Carlos is he 's from Brazil , so you know that he has taken into consideration the backside of a lady because Brazilian women got that donkey-donkey . " You 're kidding me , right ? The lights go down and the music begins . It 's showtime . You have n't been to a runway show unless you 've had P'trique sitting next to you whispering commentary . "  Wow , she 's like a butterfly . I feel like this whole collection is very land and sea , kind-of meets under a night sky , " and adds , "  I love those pants . I see those pants and I think sexpot . " P'trique also loves to model himself and worships the tall , leggy creatures on the catwalk . "  She looks nice , " he says . After the show , I take P'Trique backstage through a crush of editors and retailers to meet the man himself : designer Carlos Miele . Turns out , P'Trique 's commentary was right on target . What was Miele 's inspiration ? "  A Chinese butterfly , " he says . Fashion Week can be grueling , but this was a total joy . In an industry some say takes itself too seriously , Blasberg says P'Trique , "  is a breath of fresh air . " We double kiss and say goodbye ... for now . "  Let 's do this again , " he says , "  I 'll see you in the future . " I hope so . Are you a fan of the "  S ** t Fashion Girls Say " videos ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below .	P'Trique is the star of the viral videos "  S ** t Fashion Girls Say " He is the alter ego of Patrick Pope , a Los Angeles-based web producer P'Trique was the toast of New York Fashion Week , spending time with insiders CNN 's Alina Cho attended the Carlos Miele fashion show with P'Trique
CNN  -- Recently , one of the hottest trending articles on BuzzFeed was a picture collection of "  The 18 Worst Things For Left-Handed People . " I clicked on this story with the index finger of my dominant right hand . It was quite easy . I would do it again . The collection was cleverly put together by BuzzFeed editor Katie Notopoulos and featured simple things that , at least to us righties , are n't normally such a big deal . Clearly , this is because we are the chosen ones . Fortunately , I was chosen to do very little , and it works rather well with my current lifestyle . So long as we agree that power-binging on "  Breaking Bad " counts as a lifestyle . Actually , to be completely fair , there 's probably better evidence suggesting that , disproportionately , lefties are far more destined for greatness . Perhaps they are the true chosen ones . Consider , for example , that not only is Oprah Winfrey a lefty , but so too are three of our past four presidents . Plus they also get to claim Jimi Hendrix . And really , that 's the one that counts . In a fantasy lefty draft , Hendrix goes first . Granted , that 's also about as far as the draft continues before somebody asks , "  Wait , why are we doing this ? " All that said , our world is custom-fit for righties , and nobody would willingly choose to be left-handed . There 's no tangible advantage . Unless , I suppose , you strategically parlay having a naturally weaker handshake into low performance expectations at the office . Which , mind you , is n't a horrible idea . My motto : Promise mediocrity . Deliver just slightly better . "  Nice job , Jarrett . This is ... decent . " Sports are arguably the only place where being a lefty might have benefits . Baseball needs left-handed pitchers . Soccer needs left-footed wingers and backs . And apparently there 's a great advantage to being left-handed in fencing . But none of these translate into the real world , and one of the sports is , well , fencing . Understandably , then , lefties have a bit of a complex . Enough so that they 've even created their own holiday on August 13 . National Left Handers Day . They celebrate by spending the whole afternoon not being able to cut things with scissors . Righties , on the other hand  ugh -- I ca n't believe I just wrote that  , do n't have a holiday , and that seems a little unfair . Thus , I hereby declare July 27 as National Right Handed Pride Day . Our official Twitter hashtag : #CraigFerguson For absolutely no good reason whatsoever , I just crowned him King of the Righties . So , let 's see if we can get it to trend . He 'll be really confused . But back to the trending BuzzFeed collection of worst things for lefties . The list actually begins with spiral notebooks and three-ring binders . These seem to be the bane of lefty student existence . In college I was keenly aware of this horrible injustice , and as an act of solidarity I refused to take notes . Or go to class . Or study . You 're welcome . One more quick , noteworthy inclusion on BuzzFeed 's list that 's worth mentioning here is the standard can opener . This is sort of the poster child for left-handed culinary inequality , and I desperately wanted to know what it felt like to fail at peas . To experience the anguish , I stopped writing , went over to the kitchen , grabbed a can opener , turned the handle away from me and pried off a lid just like a lefty . Conclusion : It was n't that hard . We really need to stop giving this device so much respect . Nevertheless , let 's support the lefties in our lives . According to most expert estimates , roughly 10 % of the population is left-handed . They 're everywhere . And you probably know one . So , as we 're here celebrating the very first National Right Handed Pride Day , take a moment to look a lefty in the eyes and offer a few words of encouragement . "  Dave , I just want you to know that despite the fact that you ca n't use a dry erase board , I respect you . But not as much as Craig Ferguson . " You 're welcome .	"  Apparently This Matters " is a skewed look at trending social-media topics Jarrett Bellini contemplates a BuzzFeed article on the 18 worst things for left-handers A minority in a right-handed world , lefties seem only to have advantages in sports , he says He supports left-handed pride but declares July 27 National Right Handed Pride Day
CNN  -- Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy stormed to a seven-under round of 63 in the opening round of the Honda Classic at Florida 's PGA National on Thursday . The world No. 8 , who dramatically pulled out of the tournament following a disastrous start to his second round 12 months ago , produced a bogey-free round to finish one shot clear of America 's Russell Henley . McIlroy , who is looking to repeat his 2012 success at Palm Beach Gardens , came home in just 30 strokes aided by back-to-back birdies at the closing two holes . South Africa 's Rory Sabbatini , William McGirt from the U.S. and Wales ' Jamie Donaldson are tied for third place after each shot opening rounds of 65 . Read more : Latest leaderboard Australia 's Adam Scott , who will start the defence of his Masters title at Augusta National in just six weeks , got off to a steady start -- a two-under par 68 leaves the world No. 2 in a tie for 21st place . But it was another dissatisfying day at the office for Tiger Woods who remains mired , by his high standards , in mediocrity after struggling to an opening round one-over par 71 . The world No. 1 , who crashed out of the Farmers Insurance Open with a 79 in January , birdied the last hole to end on a positive note after struggling to find his form on the greens . "  I hit it good enough to shoot at least three or four lower than I did , " Woods said . "  I had so many looks that I just missed . I hit good putts but I did n't figure out the greens as well as I needed to . I need to read them a little better than I did . " World No. 3 , Henrik Stenson also struggled to get going on Thursday and finished with a three-over par 73 . Elsewhere , Phil Mickelson and Graeme McDowell both opened with even-par rounds of 70 and are currently tied for 57th . Further up the leaderboard , Zimbabwe 's Brendon de Jonge is tied with America 's Derek Ernst , Tommy Gainey , Brice Garnett and Matt Every for sixth on four-under par . England 's Luke Donald and former Masters champion Zach Johnson are part of 10-way tie for 11th place after opening rounds of 67 .	Rory McIlroy shoots seven-under 63 in opening round of Honda Classic World No. 8 banishes memory of miserable , premature exit 12 months ago Tiger Woods struggles to one-over par round of 71 World No. 2 Adam Scott in mix after opening with two-under 68
CNN  -- Who does n't love a good holiday-themed episode ? Before our favorite TV characters put their turkeys in the oven , decorate their Christmas trees and light their menorahs , they 'll dress up in funny costumes and beg for candy ... or mercy . Kicking off prime time 's Halloween celebration is ABC Family 's "  Pretty Little Liars , " which will air its second annual Halloween special on Tuesday at 8 p.m. . We ca n't wait to see how "  A " will terrorize Aria , Hanna , Emily and Spencer aboard Rosewood 's Halloween Ghost Train . On a lighter note , "  The Mindy Project " will air its Halloween episode , complete with hilarious costumes and an equally hilarious guest star , Bill Hader , at 9:30 p.m. Mindy Kaling , the creator and star of the Fox sitcom , said her character will have "  five or six costume changes " throughout the episode , and "  they 're not sexy , hot girl costumes . " Here are some other special Halloween episodes to look for : Wednesday "  Modern Family " : Claire likes her Halloween gory , but she 's forced to keep things PG this year . Speaking of parental guidance , Lily probes Mitch and Cam to find out who her real mom is . 9 p.m. on ABC "  Suburgatory " : Tessa , Lisa , Malik and Ryan have a "  Scooby-Doo " - themed Halloween . 9:30 p.m. on ABC "  The Neighbors " : The Weavers get ready for their first Halloween in the suburbs . 8:30 p.m. on ABC "  The Middle " : The episode , appropriately titled "  Halloween III : The Driving , " follows Sue as she injures Axl while learning how to drive . Brick , meanwhile , eats too much candy . 8 pm . on ABC "  Animal Practice " : Dorothy judges the animal hospital 's Halloween pet costume contest . Unfortunately for fans of the sitcom , its Halloween episode will be one of the last . Only three more episodes will air before "  Whitney " takes over the time slot . 8 p.m. on NBC "  Guys with Kids " : A woman , played by guest star Marissa Jaret Winokur , who lives in the guys ' building prohibits Nick from putting Halloween decorations up in the hallway . 8:30 p.m. on NBC Thursday "  The Big Bang Theory " : Howard and Bernadette dress up as a Smurf and Smurfette for their first Halloween as a married couple . 8 p.m. on CBS "  Up All Night " : To get back at her neighbors , Ava and Walter , played by guest star Sean Hayes , create a haunted house unlike any other . 8:30 p.m. on NBC "  The Office " : On "  Here Comes Treble , " Stephen Colbert guest stars as Broccoli Rob , a former member of Andy 's a cappella group , according to Entertainment Weekly . Meanwhile , Phyllis and Kevin dress up as a cheerleader and Charlie Brown , respectively . 9 p.m. on NBC "  Parks and Recreation " : Ben gets a new job offer , and Andy goes trick-or-treating . 9:30 p.m. on NBC Sunday "  666 Park Avenue " : As if the show were n't scary enough , terror will strike during the Drake 's annual Halloween costume gala . 10 p.m. on ABC October 30 "  Ben and Kate " : Kate dresses as a baseball player and flirts with a new guy , played by gust star Josh Kelly , at a Halloween party . 8:30 p.m. on Fox "  New Girl " : Jess gets a job playing a zombie at a haunted house . 9 p.m. on Fox "  Do n't Trust the B -- in Apartment 23 " : June is looking forward to Halloween , but she 's not thrilled with Chloe , who insists on playing tricks on people . Meanwhile , James dresses as an angel for his Halloween party . 9:30 p.m. on ABC "  The New Normal " : Despite Bryan 's wish for a "  Here Comes Honey Boo Boo " - themed Halloween , David dresses up as Tom Brady . 9:30 p.m. on NBC "  Go On " : It 's an "  Alice in Wonderland " Halloween . 10 p.m. on NBC November 2 "  Blue Bloods " : Erin and Nicky don "  Wizard of Oz " costumes to take Jack and Sean trick-or-treating . 10 p.m. on CBS	"  The Mindy Project " will kick off prime time 's Halloween celebration on Tuesday "  Modern Family 's " Claire likes her Halloween gory , but she 's forced to keep it PG this year Wolowitz and Bernadette dress up as Smurf and Smurfette on "  The Big Bang Theory "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- From four leaf clovers to a severed rabbit 's foot , when it comes to lucky mascots reason and taste often go out of the window . David Beckham 's teammates give his bottom a squeeze after scoring his first goal for AC Milan in their 4-1 defeat of Bologna . No more so than at AC Milan where one charm is being held responsible for the team 's recent upturn in fortunes on the pitch : David Beckham 's bottom . Since Beckham 's arrival at the San Siro , the England midfielder has started every game and scored his first goal in last weekend 's demolition of Bologna . But as he walked away after celebrating the goal , Clarence Seedorf and Andrea Pirlo both stroked his left bum cheek . This was apparently because they believe Beckham 's posterior has as much to do with Milan 's revival as his sweet right foot . "  Italy is a superstitious country , people touch things for luck , " an AC Milan spokesperson told UK newspaper "  The Sun . " "  Now the players are doing the same thing with Becks ' bottom . He is seen as lucky . " Have your say : what are the strangest footballing superstitions that you have seen ? One English newspaper has even taken to calling him "  Goldenbuns " , a play on "  Goldenballs " , the pet name his wife Victoria uses and for which he is still good naturedly mocked when it emerged in the press . Football has a long history of superstitions . Below are some of the strangest rituals : Kissing Fabien Barthez 's head Barthez 's big shiny pate became something of a totem for the French during the 1998 World Cup . The ritual was always the same . Veteran defender Laurent Blanc would approach his eccentric goalkeeper before planting a kiss on the top of his head . The team insisted that Blanc maintained the tradition as Les Bleus reached the finals . The French ended up beating Brazil 3-0 . Goalmouth : Beckham "  dreams " of Milan move . Beanie the Horse watches the action With his blond hair , steely grimace and piercing stare , Stuart Pearce was known on the pitch for his hard tackling , no-nonsense ways . Off it he 's , well , a bit of a softy . Whilst in charge of Manchester City the former England defender started bringing a rather bizarre charm , placing it near the dug out so it could observe the action : Beanie , a cuddly woolen horse . It did n't do him much good . He was fired later that season . Blessing from a juju man "  Juju " men used to be a regular fixture at African football matches . These self-appointed holy men would bless or curse teams for money . Even government ministers were seduced by them . When the Ivory Coast won the African Cup of Nations in 1992 , the government claimed it was because the sports minister paid a "  juju " man to bless the team . But he angered them by refusing to pay up . The result ? A hex that saw the team endure a miserable ten year losing streak . Tired of defeat , the government begged the juju men for forgiveness , coughing up the $ 2000 . Ivory Coast promptly qualified for the 2006 World Cup . Invoking the power of the Virgin Mary Take a look at Newcastle United 's goalkeeper Shay Given before a match . If you look carefully you 'll notice him dropping a bottle into the back of the goal . No , not a bottle full of Gatorade but rather a small vial of Holy Water from Lourdes , France . It was there that it is claimed the Virgin Mary appeared in 1858 . It has since become a place of pilgrimage for the sick , drawn to the allegedly healing waters . "  I carry it in my kit bag and it goes everywhere with me , " Given said back in 2002 . At the time of writing , Given is still injury free . If all else fails , urinate ... When Barry Fry , then Birmingham City 's boss , watched his team lose another game , enough was enough . For years the club had suffered from dismal form at their St Andrews ground in Birmingham , England , and had not won anything of note for decades . The reason , fans and club officials feared , was a gypsy curse spat out at the club 's owners when they evicted a band of travelers to make way for their new stadium . Managers had tried and failed to lift the curse -- one even placed crucifixes in the floodlights , but it was Barry Fry who had the most ingenious method . He urinated in each corner of the ground . Birmingham City have n't won anything of note since . Employing an Ecuadorian warlock Tzamarenda Naychapi played a pivotal role in Ecuador 's 2006 World Cup campaign . The UK 's Guardian newspaper described how Naychapi - a warlock who was described as a "  witch doctor-cum-shaman-cum-priest-type-fella " - traveled to Germany before the World Cup to cast spells on all 12 stadiums , not to mention the pitch and the goals , in a bid to turn the gods in Ecuador 's favor . The South American minnows went on to shock both Costa Rica and Poland , qualifying for the second round for the first time in their history before losing to England 1-0 . But then again England had their own magical good luck charm to call upon . David Beckham scored the only goal .	David Beckham 's bottom becomes AC Milan 's lucky charm Teammates pinch the England player 's posterior during match AC Milan have yet to lose since Beckham signed on loan from LA Galaxy CNN looks at other odd footballing superstitions
CNN  -- Tonight , Tuesday , June 5 , as the sun set on the East Coast , the planet Venus began its "  transit " across the face of the sun . Pay close attention : Barring a miracle of future medicine , this is your only chance to witness such a crossing . The next one will take place in 2117 . That 's because the transit of Venus is basically an eclipse , just like when the moon passes across the face of the sun . It requires a close alignment of the sun , Venus and Earth . The moon is not nearly as large as Venus but it is so close to Earth that its disk covers nearly the entire solar disk . Venus , on the other hand , is so far away that it appears as a small black dot covering about 3 % of the solar disk . Venus orbits the sun every 226 Earth-days , compared to our 365 days , so the two planets sort of pass each other relatively often . But their orbits lie in slightly canted planes , so the alignment needed for an eclipse happens only once a century or so . Nearly 500 years ago , Johannes Kepler figured out the orbits of the planets . He understood that Venus was 30 % closer to the sun than Earth , and that Mars was 50 % more distant . But he did n't know how to measure the distance from any planet to the sun . A century after Kepler , Edmund Halley , of comet fame , proposed measuring the distance from Earth to the sun using a series of observations of the transit of Venus from widely separated points on Earth . Halley did not live to measure the next transit of Venus , in 1761 , but others mounted worldwide expeditions that did the trick . The best measurements of that transit were made by Jeremiah Dixon and Charles Mason , of Mason-Dixon-line fame . Today , we can measure interplanetary distances far more accurately than the transit method allows , though amateurs can still contribute their measurements using an app from Astronomers Without Borders . As for the specialness of the transit , well , it 's rarer than passages of Mr. Halley 's famous comet . The transit of Venus ca n't be observed with the Hubble Space Telescope because the extreme brightness of the sun would destroy the telescope and its instruments . But astronomers have figured out a clever way for Hubble to "  observe " the effects of the transit on the light from the sun : by looking at the moon . The moon "  shines " in reflected sunlight , so it is basically a weak mirror that is safe for Hubble to observe . The reason astronomers want to observe reflected sunlight during the transit of Venus is to test whether they can detect the faint imprint of passage of the sun 's light through the atmosphere of Venus . They have used similar observations of more distant stars to find "  exoplanets "  planets orbiting stars other than the sun  and in a few rare cases , to measure characteristics of the exoplanet atmospheres . The goal of the Hubble observations is to find signs of life and/or habitability , such as water or carbon dioxide in the atmosphere . Hubble will focus its cameras on the moon for the full six hours of the transit of Venus . So the transit of Venus is now being used to help us learn about other Solar Systems . Venus is the second closest planet to the sun , after Mercury ; Earth is third ; Mars is fourth . That means only Mercury and Venus  and our moon  can cause eclipses from a vantage point on the Earth . But if we lived on Jupiter , Earth and Mars could also be seen  rarely !  transiting across the sun . Here is the poor man 's way to "  see " the transit of the Earth across the sun : look with the Hubble Space Telescope at Jupiter in 2014 , to see the reflected light of the sun from Jupiter 's surface .  The light falling on Jupiter , and being reflected from there , is what we would see if we lived on Jupiter . The sun is too bright for Hubble to observe directly . Those Hubble measurements would reveal whether signs of life on Earth -- signs of us ! -- are detectable in starlight as a planet with an atmosphere transits across the star . Drake Deming , professor at the University of Maryland , points out that Earth can be seen transiting the sun from many vantage points throughout our galaxy . If there is intelligent life out there , maybe it is looking for signs of life on Earth from such transits . You may have witnessed the last transit of Venus in 2004 . But the one before that was visible only to your great-great-grandparents , on December 6 , 1882 . As William Harkness  1837-1903  , then director of the U.S. Naval Observatory , said on the eve of the 1882 transit : "  There will be no other transits of Venus 'til the 21st century of our era has dawned upon the Earth . When the last transit occurred the intellectual world was awakening from the slumber of ages , and that wondrous scientific activity , which has led to our present advanced knowledge , was just beginning . What will be the state of science when the next transit season arrives God only knows . Not even our children 's children will live to take part in the astronomy of that day . " You are in that day , another age of wondrous scientific activity . What will the world of your great-great grandchildren be like in 2117 ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Meg Urry .	Meg Urry says we should take the chance to view Venus ' transit The alignment needed for the event happens only once a century or so The next one will take place in 2117 , she says
The saying goes : "  Time heals all wounds . " And for most former U.S. presidents , that appears to be true . After leaving the constant scrutiny of the White House , a president 's legacy begins to take shape as professors , biographers and presidential historians start to take long , reflective looks at the president 's time in office . And that prism generally makes them look better . . "  History has a way of making presidents , in most cases , look better than they looked during their administration , " said James Thurber , director of the Center for Congressional and Presidential Studies at American University . George W. Bush , whose library opened on Thursday , is in the middle of that sort of mini-renaissance -- the number of people who see his presidency as a failure , according to a recent CNN/ORC poll , is down 13 points since he left office . And he 's not unique in that sense -- a Gallup poll released Thursday showed presidents Gerald Ford , Jimmy Carter , Ronald Reagan , George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton all with an improved approval rating in retirement . Five presidents on hand for Bush library ceremonies But why does this happen ? Historians say a number of factors -- from the way the president left office to the human tendency to forgive -- contribute to how the former leader is viewed . And while all of these factors do n't apply to every president , the historians say a combination of these factors play into how a retired commander-in-chief is perceived . How did you leave the White House ? When President Herbert Hoover exited the White House in 1933 , the country was in the midst of the Great Depression . When James Buchanan left after one term , his polices to maintain peace between the North and South had failed and the Civil War was imminent . And when President Richard Nixon resigned the White House in 1974 because of the Watergate scandal , the former Republican lawmaker left as a disgraced public figure . According to David Nichols , a presidential historian and expert on President Dwight Eisenhower , the way a president exits the White House plays a big role in how their leadership is remembered . "  If something cataclysmic happens just before they leave office , they end up having a tough time recovering , " Nichols said . Most people , said Nichols , have very little recollection of the specifics of a former president , so the most memorable moments are what stick . Although Nixon may have helped normalize relations with China when he became the first president to visit the Communist country , and established the Environmental Protection Agency , Nichols said , what people remember is his resignation speech , his final wave to the White House and the phrase "  I am not a crook . " "  In many respects , if you look at Nixon 's record , he was a fairly successful president , " Nichols said . "  The problem for Nixon was the way he left the presidency . " Bush 43 reflects on his presidency What did you do after the White House ? Two years after having lost the White House to Ronald Reagan , Jimmy Carter established the Carter Presidential Center in Atlanta in 1982 . Dedicated to democracy and human rights , the center has helped Carter 's reputation so much that Edward Berkowitz , professor of History at George Washington University , said that Carter may have more respect now than he had when he lost the White House . "  It matters how you handle your post-presidency , " Berkowitz said . "  Carter is the ace figure to that . Carter had very low approval when he left office but sort of transformed himself . " A report by The Miller Center at the University of Virginia notes a similar phenomenon for Carter . Though Carter was the first incumbent president to lose the presidency in half a century , "  to many people , Jimmy Carter has provided Americans with an ideal model of post-presidential life . " "  In fact , some consider him to be the nation 's greatest former president , " the report said . The successful former president is a more modern tradition , when presidents have a longer life expectancy than their predecessors . Two other modern presidents who have benefited from life after the White House : George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton . Clinton left office beleaguered by the Monica Lewinsky scandal but reinvented himself into a Democratic kingmaker of sorts . With his wife now a former secretary of state and his support of President Barack Obama through the 2012 election , Clinton 's image has benefited from life after the Oval Office . And the first of the two Bushes elected to the White House has also seen his image improve , Berkowitz said . "  When he was defeated in 1992 , his legacy looks unclear . Now he seems like this compassionate guy and his image improved during his son 's presidency , " he said . Remembering 43 : ` Bush tended to ... follow strong people ' Libraries also make the president look good Ever since President Franklin Delano Roosevelt donated his personal and presidential papers to the federal government in 1939 , the tradition of the presidential library has blossomed . Part library , part museum , part tribute , each presidential library is a testament to the time each former president spent in the White House . And according to Thurber , libraries help rehabilitate a presidential image . "  These libraries , I think , are bias , " Thurber said . "  They want to protect the history , but they also want to make the president look good . " One of Thurber 's examples : "  If you go to the Truman library , there is only one small newspaper article that describes the fact that he was the one who decided to use the atomic bomb . That is probably the most important thing in his administration and it is sort of hidden . He and those protecting his image do n't want that to be the major thing . " So far , there are 13 official presidential libraries in the United States with a handful that are not recognized by National Archives . Nichols echoed Thurber by saying "  the presidential library undoubtedly helps . " The reason : the public tends to be more forgiving when they see the accomplishments of a presidency laid out in front of them . "  Historians just love to tell good stories , " Nichols said . "  Outside of Hitler and a few other people , historians hate to make people just sound awful . " He concluded : "  It is almost in the interest of people in my profession to find good things about people and underline and them . "	Image of most recent presidents improved after they left office How they left the White House plays a large part in image rehabilitation One historian thinks Jimmy Carter 's image is better now than when in office Presidential libraries are part library , part museum and part booster
TAIJI , Japan  CNN  -- Mention a dolphin to someone in the United States and they 'll think about a trip to Sea World or the 1960s-era TV program "  Flipper . " Residents in Taiji , Japan , have been hunting dolphins for hundreds of years . Talk about a dolphin in rural Japan and some people think of dinner . Fishermen hunt dolphins about every day in Taiji , a town of about 3,000 in southwestern Japan that juts into the Pacific Ocean . Locals know they offend Western sensibilities by eating dolphins , but they say it 's a tradition hundreds of years old . And they say outsiders have no more right to tell them to stop eating dolphins than they would have to demand that Westerners stop slaughtering , say , chickens or cows . Watch fishermen catch dolphins " "  I know there are many different ways of thinking in different societies , but for us who 've been eating this for a long time ... it 's an awkward thing to be criticized for , " says Kayoko Tanaka , a retired middle school teacher . "  I either fry dolphin meat or turn it into a stew . " That disgusts Ric O'Barry , a 68-year-old retired dolphin trainer from Miami who makes a second home in Taiji , where he goes to unusual lengths to fight against the tide of local tradition . O'Barry sometimes dresses as a woman or wears a large surgical mask to disguise his Western identity on trips to spots overlooking the ocean . He prowls the cliffs with a video camera , hoping to catch fishermen in the act with footage that could stir emotions and raise awareness in the West . "  This here is ground zero for the largest slaughter of dolphins on planet Earth , " says O'Barry , who trained five dolphins to play "  Flipper " on the TV series of that name . "  It 's absolutely barbaric and it needs to stop . " He says the dolphins face a cruel fate . "  It takes a very long time to die . They bleed to death . And some of them are dragged in the boats with hooks while they 're still alive , " he says . "  Many of them are gutted while they 're still alive . " Looming beyond questions of whether the slaughter is humane , however , are larger and more complex questions of culture and perspective . To some puzzled people in rural Japan , the question comes down to this : What 's the difference between killing and eating a dolphin and killing and eating a fish ? Or a chicken ? Or a cow ? Most Japanese do not eat dolphins -- it 's common in a few small fishing villages -- but the government respects the rights of people in towns like Taiji , says Joji Morishita , the international negotiator for Japan 's Fisheries Agency . Many Japanese consider the deer a sacred messenger from the gods , he says , but they would never suggest that people in other parts of the world stop venturing into the woods on a quest for venison , Morishita says . "  We do n't like to play God to say this animal is just for food and this is not , " he says . "  Because we know nation to nation we have totally different ideas . " That 's obvious in the growing clash between Australia and Japan over whale hunting . Japanese ships crisscross the Antarctic Ocean each winter to capture and kill up to 1,000 whales . Whaling is allowed under international law when done for scientific reasons , which Japan cites as the legal basis for its hunts . Legal justifications aside , however , the whale hunts offend many people in Australia , where new Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has turned up the political pressure on Japan . His government has dispatched a customs ship to monitor and videotape the whalers . And Rudd says Australia could even file charges against Japan in an international court to try to stop the whaling . Back in Taiji , the fishermen are well aware of the Western sentiment that motivates whaling opponents . They realize the danger to their way of life that can come with prying cameras from other countries . When CNN trained its cameras on fishermen gutting some freshly killed dolphins , the fishermen erected some tarps to obstruct the view . Representatives of the Taiji Fishermen 's Union declined CNN requests for an on-camera interview . So did the town 's mayor and several others . And O'Barry says he 's gotten into a few shouting matches with fishermen , who resent him and his camera . So what does O'Barry say to their claim that he has no right to tell them to abandon a tradition that has flourished in their small corner of the world for more than 400 years ? "  If someone came to my hometown and told me what to do , what to eat , I 'd be outraged , " he says . "  But that 's not going to stop me from doing it . I mean , tradition ? It used to be traditional for women not to vote . So do we keep that going because it 's traditional and cultural ? Of course not . " Complicating the debate are findings suggesting that eating dolphins may not be good for one 's health . The Japanese government said in 2005 that bottlenose dolphin meat contains 12 times more mercury than blue fin tuna -- high levels of mercury in fish can cause health problems in pregnant women and young children . A city councilman in Taiji , Junichiro Yamashita , grew so concerned about mercury levels that he persuaded locals schools to stop serving dolphin meat at lunch . He even plucked some of his hair , sent it off for testing and discovered that it contained seven times as much mercury as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency considers safe . The mercury findings have not swayed Masaru Matsushita , a Taiji fish dealer . He says that dolphin activists like O'Barry only see their needs without understanding the culture in his town . "  I understand that they think the dolphin in a cute animal , and I agree they 're cute doing performances , " he says , "  but it is our culture to eat dolphins . " E-mail to a friend	Dolphin hunts have been carried out in Japanese town for centuries Westerners protest "  barbaric " slaughter of the marine mammals Local residents say other nations have no right to criticize dolphin hunts Japanese government has found unsafe mercury levels in dolphins
CNN  -- Zac Brown is a foodie . He sings about fried chicken , pecan pie and cold beer . Food and music are two things that are very close to this Grammy-award-winner 's heart . "  I grew up singing as soon as I could talk . I grew up in the kitchen as soon as I could stand . " Brown told CNN while sitting in his tour bus strumming his guitar before a recent show at Chicago 's Wrigley Field . It was his love of music and food that got Brown thinking about a better experience for some fans at his shows . He thought the traditional "  meet-and-greets " were impersonal and did not allow for a performer to really know fans . So , he teamed up with his friend and chef , Rusty Hamlin , to create the "  Eat & Greet . " Brown also throws a giant music and food festival "  What we love about the Eat & Greet is that it completely turns the table around on the fans " Brown said "  We 're eating with them and serving them , hanging out with them . That is the best fellowship we can create . " So where does chef Rusty get enough food to feed 150 selected fans in a strange town with only a few hours to prepare ? "  My forte is to make a huge meal for a lot of people off the top of my head " Hamlin explained as he headed in to the open air Greencity Market in Chicago . "  It is nerve-racking and it 's very challenging , but why make it easy ? This is my life , this is what we do . " For nearly five hours the chef bobbed and weaved through the various tents sampling fresh ingredients and looking for inspiration for this night 's feast . "  Got some black garlic ... it 's fermented garlic " ... "  It 's a rat-tail radish ... It 's got a really spicy kind of radish bite to it . " Finally some inspiration rolled over Rusty and he dialed up one of his assistants back at the kitchen outside Wrigley . "  How are you , buddy ? " he asked the voice on the other end of the phone "  We 're gon na do a mixed beet salad today so I 'm gon na need one of those large pots of water going . " In his phone Rusty carries the menus from every Eat & Greet since 2009 . He mixes and matches to come up with something new every night Hamlin 's stage is 54-foot semi that has been converted in to a state - of - the art kitchen with all of the bells and whistles . Her name is "  Cookie " . Throughout the afternoon , Hamlin directs a staff of cooks as they start making the meal that will feed 150 people before the concert . It is a show in and of itself . "  Rusty 's personality is way too big to be stuck back in a kitchen some place . " Brown said when describing his friend before they went out to talk to the gathered crowd who would enjoy this meal . For over an hour band members stand behind tables spooning large helpings of Rusty 's food on to fans plates and Zac Brown stands at the end of the line talking to each and every person as the pass by . They are not curt conversations . People linger and talk food and music . There is one rule . No pictures or autographs . Brown says he thinks that takes away from really listening to everyone . "  I love that connection that is made and hopefully it 's something they remember . A lot of times I 'm playing and I walk out to the edge of the stage and people are looking at me through their phones so they 're filming instead of being in the moment . " Brown reflected . "  It 's kind of like going back to analog interaction , which I love . " And for fans lucky enough to break bread with the Zac Brown Band a picture is the last thing they needed to take away . Lisa Dent who attended the Wrigley Eat & Greet had a rave review . "  They had a rat-tail radish . I 've never seen one , I 've never consumed one . It was awesome ! " When the lights dimmed and the band walked through the ivy covered walls of the 100-year-old Wrigley Field it was time put down the plates and pick up instruments and play . After nearly three hours the band was playing the last song of the night and , once again , singing about fried chicken , pecan pie and cold beer .	Grammy-winning musician wanted a better experience for some fans at his shows Brown : "  We 're eating with them and serving them , hanging out with them " Chef Rusty Hamlin thrives on pressure of whipping up meals for 150 No pictures or autographs ; Brown says it takes away from really listening to each other
Congressional Democrats are upping the pressure on President Barack Obama to fix what 's ailing his signature health care initiative with some in the party warning they may be forced to back a House Republican proposal if the White House does n't offer an alternative by week 's end . "  We 've got to get out of the bunker and fix these problems , " a senior congressional Democratic source told CNN 's Chief Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash of flaws in the newly rolled out law that have energized Republican efforts to weaken the President and his allies and derail a policy they have long considered unworkable . The White House has until Friday to devise a solution to the problem-plagued roll out of the Affordable Care Act , the source said . That 's when House Republicans will take up a bill to address one of the more politically potent Obamacare problems for the President and Democrats -- those losing their health coverage due to the law despite Obama 's assurances in selling it to the public that Americans could keep their plans if they wanted . The House bill would allow those insurance plans to extend into next year and gut a major part of the law by allowing anyone to purchase them , even though the existing policies do n't meet the tougher requirements of the Obamacare initiative . Poll : Obama approval ratings drop , Americans say he 's not trustworthy Among other things , the Affordable Care Act prohibits discrimination for preexisting conditions and mandates coverage for mental health , prenatal care and other issues . This is a primary reason why insurance companies are dropping existing coverage . "  In the absence of a solution that Democrats can support from the White House , you will see more and more Democrats voting for the Upton bill , " the Democratic source said of the plan being advanced this week by House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Fred Upton of Michigan . Fewer than 50,000 sign up on Obamacare website , media report suggests Cancellations drive concern Although the rocky rollout of the Obamacare website and expected low enrollment figures for the first five weeks of the program are embarrassments for the President and Democrats in Congress who rammed through the health law in 2010 without Republican support , it is the policy cancellations that are really driving Democrats to put more pressure the White House . Obama has apologized to those losing their coverage despite his assurances to the contrary and appears to be taking a hit for his Obamacare woes , according to the latest polling . His approval rating among American voters has dropped to its lowest number in Quinnipiac University polling since he became President with new doubts being raised about trust . Things could get even more heated on Wednesday when White House Chief Technology Officer Todd Park will testify before a congressional committee investigating the rocky rollout of the HealthCare.gov website , the Obama administration said . Park had been subpoenaed to appear by House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa . Pressure to come up with a fix Rep. Steny Hoyer , the No. 2 Democrat in the House , told reporters that Obama needs to come up with a solution "  sooner rather than later . " While New York Democratic Rep. Steve Israel , chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , criticized the House GOP plan , saying he believes it would increase premiums and remove consumer protections . "  We should do something so long as it actually fixes the problem and does n't make the problem worse . " Israel told reporters Tuesday , saying it would be helpful if the White House came out with a proposal before Friday 's House vote . He noted a White House official will meet with Democrats on Wednesday and played down the notion they are breaking with the administration on the issue . But Rep. John Larsen of Connecticut , a loyal liberal and former House Democratic leader , said he has n't seen details of the House GOP bill , but said he thought it could "  make sense " and that there "  could be support " depending on the approach . Hoyer said earlier he had n't ruled out being open to Upton 's bill , but his spokeswoman says he 's now opposed since Upton has said he wo n't make changes and Democratic leaders will likely urge their caucus to vote against it . Boosting pressure further on Obama was former President Bill Clinton , who said on Tuesday that the President should find a way to uphold his initial promises about health policies . Clinton : Obama should ` honor commitment ' on keeping health plans "  I personally believe , even if it takes a change in the law , the President should honor the commitment the federal government made to those people and let them keep what they 've got , " Clinton said during an interview with the website OZY.com . A Senate Democratic approach A growing number of Democrats have called for changes or delays to the program as many face tough reelection bids in 2014 and are feeling pressure from challengers and constituents . Obamacare rattling Democratic nerves Although he did n't go nearly as far as Clinton , Sen. Richard Durbin , D-Illinois , said he is open to changes as well and noted that Obama should have been more careful with his words in the first place . "  A couple more sentences added would clarify it , " the Senate 's second-highest Democrat said on CNN 's "  Newsroom " with Ashleigh Banfield . "  The president apologized . He said very clearly he was sorry if he misled people . " Durbin added that Republicans and Democrats "  need to be open to constructive changes to make this law work better . " Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , introduced a narrower bill than what House Republicans are planning with Upton 's plan and said that she has growing support in the Senate , including Dianne Feinstein , Joe Manchin , Mark Pryor and Kay Hagan -- all Democrats . She noted her proposal would allow people who have individual insurance , which she says makes up about 5 % of the market , to keep their coverage . Insurers would have to notify those customers what minimum coverage requirements are not being met . "  First of all ,  Obama  apologized . And he 's also apologized for the poor roll out . And again , these things are real problems and they have to be fixed , " Landrieu told CNN 's Chief Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash . "  But the promise of the Affordable Care Act , let me say again , is worth fighting for . And Republicans that continue to think that they 're going to undermine it , repeal it , or defund it are wrong . They 're on the wrong side of history , " she said . White House spokesperson Jay Carney said Obama agreed with Clinton and is working to address the matter of people losing their coverage . He has already set in motion an aggressive effort to fix the website problems . Behind the scenes : Fixing the Obamacare website Carney rejected the Upton bill as "  not an effective fix " because it opens up the plans to anyone , not just the people who 's plans are being canceled . "  The President has instructed his team to look at a range of options " to find solutions for people who have lost their plans , Carney said . Enrollment woes Democratic anger over the cancellation of insurance policies come as people wait for the release of enrollment numbers . What will Obamacare enrollment numbers tell us ? The Obama administration is expected to release them by the end of this week but has yet to say exactly when . White House officials are is lowering expectations , cautioning the numbers "  will be lower than we hoped and we anticipated , " Carney said . It is blaming a faulty federally run website that is hindering the ability of consumers to sign up for coverage . "  We are working 24-7 to ensure that the site is working smoothly for the vast majority of users by the end of November , " said Chris Jennings , deputy assistant to the President for health policy . Young coders build health-care website in days Consumers have until December 15 to submit payment for coverage that begins January 1 . The overall sign-up deadline for 2014 is next March 31 .	Democrats say White House has until Friday to come up with fix to Obamacare problems That 's when House Republicans will vote on bill reversing insurance cancellations Bill Clinton weighs in , says Obama should honor the vows he made on coverage Democratic Senator has her own proposal to address health care issues
CNN  What is Africa 's most competitive economy ? Is it oil-rich Nigeria ? No . Perhaps South Africa , the continent 's mining powerhouse ? Try again . Benefiting from a long history of political stability , a good governance record and an open and flexible regulatory system , Mauritius overtook South Africa last year to become the continent 's most competitive economy . The tiny island country , located some 500 miles east of Madagascar in the middle of the Indian Ocean , is regularly hailed as one of Africa 's success stories -- since it gained independence in 1968 , Mauritius has had an excellent record of peaceful transition of power with free and fair elections taking place on a regular basis . Surrounded by stunning coral reefs , Mauritius spans less than 800 square miles and is home to over 1.3 million people -- mainly an ethnically and religiously diverse mix of people of Indian , African , French and Chinese heritage . The country , dotted with green sugar cane fields , sparkling lagoons and jagged volcanic mountains , is well known for its perfect palm-fringed beaches and cobalt blue seas , attracting nearly a million tourists annually . Despite the global slowdown in recent years , the Mauritian economy has consistently achieved annual growth rates of more than 3 % , with estimations showing a rise to 3.5 % in 2014 and 4.1 % in 2015 . The country enjoys the best business environment in Africa , according to the World Bank , which ranks it first in the continent for ease of doing business . Over 50 % of the island country 's land is arable , with sugarcane occupying about 90 % of its total cultivation land . In fact , sugarcane is the country 's major export crop -- in 2013 , Mauritius produced an estimated 407,000 tonnes . Yet , despite sugar being a major export for decades , Mauritius has managed to successfully diversify its economy , mainly by investing in the manufacturing sector . Initially , the focus was placed on the production of textiles and clothing , but lately the country has begun setting its sights on exporting jewelry and watch components . Jewelry , watch and diamond production currently make up 10 % of the Mauritian foreign exports , adding more than $ 150 million to the country 's GDP . Overall , the manufacturing sector expanded by 3.0 % in 2013 , up from 2.2 % the year before . Besides agriculture and manufacturing , other areas of rising economic activity include tourism and finance , especially banking and business outsourcing . The infamous flightless Dodo bird was a native here but unfortunately became extinct in the 1600s . Some 600 indigenous vegetation species grow on the volcanic island , which is also home to a wide variety of rare birds and insects . QUICK FACTS Official name : Republic of Mauritius Form of government : Republic Capital : Port Louis Freedom House status : Free Reporters Without Borders Press Freedom Index : 70 More from Africa View Mauritius , the great melting pot	Mauritius is Africa 's most competitive economy Reliant on sugar exports for decades , Mauritius has diversified its economy in recent years The tiny island country is home to more than 1.3 million people
Police missed speaking with suspected Los Angeles International Airport shooter Paul Ciancia by "  a matter of minutes " the day his family asked authorities to check on him after receiving disturbing messages , according to the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee . By the time officers arrived at Ciancia 's apartment Friday , he had already left -- as little as 45 minutes earlier -- for the airport , according to U.S. Rep. Michael McCaul . As authorities piece together Ciancia 's actions leading up to the shooting , new details emerged Sunday from those close to the suspect . According to someone who knew Ciancia and his roommates well , Ciancia began asking one of his three roommates days before the shooting if he could get a ride to the airport . Ciancia told the roommate that his father , back in New Jersey , was sick and he needed to get home "  to go help take care of him , " the source said . Ciancia did n't , however , indicate what day he needed to leave . On the day of the shooting , Ciancia burst into his roommate 's room and demanded a ride to the airport immediately , said the source , who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity . "  That morning he does n't knock . He just opens the door and says , ' I need to leave . Can you take me now ? ' " the source said . The roommate , who investigators believe did n't know about any shooting plot , dropped him off at the airport , a law enforcement official said . Texts alarmed family Meanwhile , his family back in New Jersey had been receiving alarming texts from Ciancia , indicating he was unhappy , according to an intelligence source with knowledge of the investigation . It was one of those text messages that made his family think something bad was about to happen . "  Basically , the text message was just a message to the little brother , and the way it was written , they had some concern about it , and that 's when they brought it to our attention , " said Allen Cummings , the police chief in Ciancia 's hometown of Pennsville , New Jersey . The father called Cummings about 1:30 p.m. ET on Friday . Cummings , in turn , called the Los Angeles Police Department , asking them to check on him to make sure he was OK . When they checked , he was n't home . His two other roommates were sleeping , unaware of where he and the fourth roommate had gone . The next thing Cummings heard , he said , were media reports linking Ciancia to the shooting . McCaul , R-Texas , called the timing "  tragic . " "  This is how we typically stop these things -- through good intelligence , and if family members or friends see a loved one who is exhibiting signs of mental illness ... then I think it 's incumbent to call this to local authorities , " McCaul said Sunday on CNN 's State of the Union . "  They actually did that in this case and , unfortunately , missed the suspect by a matter of minutes . " Ciancia , 23 , remained "  unresponsive " Sunday , according to a law enforcement source , recovering from multiple gunshot wounds he suffered after airport police confronted him inside Terminal 3 . He is in critical condition at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center , the hospital said . He is unable to speak , the source said , leaving many questions as to why he allegedly walked into the airport shortly after 9 a.m. Friday . pulled out an assault rifle and opened fire . ` Conscious decision to kill ... TSA employees ' Even in Ciancia 's silence , more details are trickling out about what happened at the bustling airport . The incident began when Ciancia walked up to a security checkpoint and shot a TSA officer "  at point-blank range , " according to an affidavit accompanying the criminal complaint against him . He then went up an escalator and , upon seeing the officer apparently continue to move , came back down to shoot him again , the affidavit said . That TSA officer , Gerardo Hernandez , later died . After shooting Hernandez , the gunman continued through the terminal , firing on two other uniformed TSA officers and a passenger before he was shot by airport police , U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr. said . The gunman had a note that indicated the suspect made a "  conscious decision to kill multiple TSA employees , " according to the affidavit . The note also apparently referred to the New World Order and anti-government claims , a federal law enforcement official said . It 's not clear what gave rise to the references , and federal investigators have found no links to known groups and nothing in the suspect 's background to explain them . The New World Order is generally considered to be a conspiracy theory in which people suspect a group of elites is conspiring to form an authoritarian , one-world government . "  He addressed them  TSA officers  at one point in the letter and stated that he wanted to ` instill fear into their traitorous minds , ' " FBI Special Agent in Charge David Bowdich said . In his diatribe , the gunman claimed the TSA treats Americans like terrorists even though all people are n't equally dangerous , a U.S. law enforcement official said . Sources : Alleged shooter hated government , ` New World Order ' Opinion : Arming TSA officers not the answer Wounded victims identified Both wounded TSA officers were treated and released from hospitals . The TSA identified them Sunday as James Speer , 54 , and Tony Grigsby , 36 . The passenger who was shot in his leg was still being treated Sunday at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center Sunday , according to a hospital statement . Brian Ludmer "  remains in fair condition but faces at least one additional surgery for a fractured leg along with extensive physical therapy , " a hospital spokesman said Sunday . Ludmer , a 29-year-old Lake Forest , Illinois , native , teaches stage craft in the theater program at Calabasas High School in Los Angeles County , according to the school 's website . Ciancia is now charged with two felony offenses -- murder of a federal officer and commission of violence in an international airport . If convicted , Ciancia could face the death penalty or life in prison without parole , the prosecutor said . The U.S. attorney general would decide whether to pursue a death sentence . ' A wonderful husband , father ' Hernandez is the first TSA officer to die in the line of duty since the agency was founded in 2001 . He was working as a travel document checker at the time , the TSA workers ' union said . He would have turned 40 next week . His widow described him as a "  wonderful husband , father , brother , son and friend . " Remembering Gerardo Hernandez The chaos also affected more than 165,000 passengers on hundreds of flights as the airport shut down for hours . By Saturday afternoon , all of it -- including Terminal 3 -- had been reopened . Placement of police questioned The shooting has stirred questions about a recent repositioning of airport police officers around LAX . Airport police Chief Patrick Gannon said in the past year , he decided to move officers from behind a TSA security checkpoint to in front of it , where they also took on "  greater responsibilities " such as monitoring both the arrival and departure floors of the terminal . "  The threat ... at the airport does not exist behind security at that podium , the threat exists from the curbline on , " Gannon said . "  So ... we have our people stationed throughout the airport . " He said the nearest police officer to the site of Friday 's initial shooting "  was just moved to the front part of the airport . " Gannon acknowledged the trade-off of having the officers roam a larger area rather than sit at a checkpoint . "  So are they going to be in the exact same  place  , exactly where I 'd hoped they would be ? No , " he said . "  It did n't happen in this particular case . " TSA Administrator John Pistole said the shooting has prompted a review of security protocol with partner agencies . TSA : Number of guns discovered in airports rising Congressman speaks out McCaul said better coordination between TSA officers and local law enforcement at the nation 's airports could help improve security at those locations . "  I talked to the director of TSA , John Pistole , yesterday . We talked about a review of the policies at airports . Every airport is a little bit different , but the coordination with the local police is key because remember , TSA officers are not armed , " he said . "  I think it 's important we have the local law enforcement really at different points at the airport to protect not only the perimeter , but also things that could happen through security checkpoint , " he said . He also talked about the importance of using special TSA VIPR teams , short for Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response . The teams are tasked with performing random , unpredictable baggage and security checks at transportation venues . McCaul said Pistole wants to further the use of such teams at airports "  to make sure American people are safe and the traveling public are safe when they go to our airports . I think that better coordination with local law enforcement should help tremendously . "  However , having said that , it 's very difficult to stop these types of attacks . Anybody can show up , as we saw in the Navy Yard with the shotgun . " He was referring to the September attack at the Navy Yard in Washington . "  It 's almost like an open shopping mall , " he said , "  so very difficult to protect . "	Paul Ciancia began asking for a ride to the airport days before the shooting Police performing a welfare check at his family 's request missed him by less than an hour Congressman calls the timing "  tragic " The suspect is "  unresponsive " and can not speak
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration told the manufacturers of seven caffeinated alcoholic beverages Wednesday that their drinks are a "  public health concern " and ca n't stay on the market in their current form . The move follows a year-long review by the FDA , which gave the companies 15 days to either reformulate their products or face possible seizure under federal law , said Dr. Joshua Sharfstein , the agency 's principal deputy commissioner . Experts have said the caffeine used in the beverages can mask the effects of alcohol , leaving drinkers unaware of how intoxicated they are . "  FDA does not find support for the claim that the addition of caffeine to these alcoholic beverages is ` generally recognized as safe , ' which is the legal standard , " Sharfstein told reporters . "  To the contrary , there is evidence that the combinations of caffeine and alcohol in these products pose a public health concern . " One of the companies that received warning letters was Phusion Projects , of Chicago , Illinois , which makes Four Loko -- a drink nicknamed "  blackout in a can " by some users . The company announced Tuesday that it was dropping caffeine and two other ingredients , guarana and taurine , from Four Loko in the face of "  a difficult and politically-charged regulatory environment . " The other companies are San Diego , California-based United Brands , which manufactures the Joose and Max brands ; Portland , Oregon 's Charge Beverages Corp. , which sells Core High Gravity HG , Core High Gravity HG Orange , and Lemon Lime Core Spiked ; and New Century Brewing of Boston , Massachusetts , which makes Moonshot . Sharfstein called Phusion 's decision to drop caffeine and two other ingredients a "  positive step " Wednesday . And in a statement issued after the decision , the company said it was pleased by FDA 's response . "  As we stated yesterday , we have stopped the production and shipment of all our products containing these ingredients , " the company said . "  We will continue to work closely and cooperatively with national and state regulators . " But New Century proprietor Rhonda Kallman told CNN she was puzzled by the FDA 's decision to include Moonshot on its list . "  I do n't know what to say except I 'm really shocked about the outcome of the FDA 's inquiry , and I need more answers than what I 've gotten , " said Kallman , who said she is New Century 's only full-time employee . Kallman described Moonshot as a craft beer that has about 4 percent alcohol by weight , about two-thirds the caffeine of a cup of coffee and is sold in only three cities -- "  and yet it 's being singled out with Four Loko and Joose . " "  Those brands are neon green . They 're not beer , they 're juice , with 200 grams of sodium and artificial everything , " she said . United Brands said Tuesday that it would review any new FDA guidelines , but noted it was unaware "  of a single incident of injury or other harm associated with its products . " Neither United nor Charge Beverages had responded to requests for comment after the announcement . The FDA has no authority to ban the products outright . But Sharfstein said the review is still going on , and "  We expect these warning letters to be read across the industry . " "  This will send a message to the industry about the importance of looking directly at these alcoholic beverages and how the FDA will respond to that , " he said . The FDA began its review in November 2009 , after complaints from officials in several states . The controversy exploded in October , when nine underage students at Central Washington University were hospitalized after drinking Four Loko , both on its own and mixed with other drinks , police reported . Critics say drinks like Four Loko mix caffeine equal to the amount in three cups of coffee with the alcoholic equivalent of three cans of beer and are designed to appeal to younger consumers accustomed to consuming high-caffeine energy drinks . A 23.5-ounce can of Four Loko contains either 6 or 12 percent alcohol by volume , depending on state regulations . Phusion has compared Four Loko to popular drinks like rum and cola or Irish coffee that also mix caffeine and alcohol . But "  we did n't see these kinds of events when people were drinking irish coffees , " Robert McKenna , Washington 's state attorney general , told reporters . "  What we 're seeing now is striking , and we need to take quick action , " McKenna said . Washington and four other states -- New York , Utah , Michigan and Oklahoma -- already have taken steps to remove Four Loko and similar drinks from store shelves . And Gil Kerlikowske , the White House anti-drug czar , praised the FDA for moving against products he said are "  designed , branded , and promoted to encourage binge drinking . " "  Acting early to protect public health is critical and a vital component of the Obama administration 's effort to reduce drug use and its consequences , " he said . Combining large amounts of caffeine and alcohol produces "  a wide-awake drunk , " said Dr. Mary Claire O'Brien , an associate professor of emergency medicine at Wake Forest University 's medical school in North Carolina . But since caffeine 's effect wears off faster than alcohol 's , she said , drinkers are left with "  much more alcohol than he would have been able to tolerate -- and that leads to blackouts . " "  If you 're going to drink caffeine , drink it responsibly . If you 're going to drink alcohol , drink it responsibly , " said O'Brien , who has studied the drinks extensively . "  But mixing them is dangerous , because you might not know when you 've had too much to drink . " CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen , Saundra Young and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Other companies may face similar action FDA says 7 brands made by 4 companies pose a "  public health concern " Four Loko manufacturer dumps caffeine ahead of FDA announcement A Consumer Reports adviser called the announcement a "  partial solution "
CNN  -- J.K. Rowling has an early Christmas treat for Harry Potter fans . Starting Friday , fans of the bestselling series will get 12 days of new writings by Rowling "  and even a potion or two " on the Pottermore fan website . A newsletter sent to fans said #PottermoreChristmas kicks off Friday , December 12 , promising a "  new surprise " every day at 1 p.m. GMT  8 a.m. EST  . "  From Florean Fortescue 's ghost plot to J.K. Rowling 's thoughts on the sneaky Slytherin Draco Malfoy , there 's a wealth of writing to discover , " the newsletter said . Fans worldwide celebrated the news in various languages . So far , more than 27,000 people have responded to a Facebook "  event " for #PottermoreChristmas . Are you looking forward #PottermoreChristmas ? Share your thoughts in the comments .	12 days of new content coming to Harry Potter fan website #PottermoreChristmas promises new writing from J.K. Rowling Fans are taking to social media to share their excitement
CNN  -- Norway 's Alexander Dale Oen won gold in the 100m breaststroke in an emotional day of medal winning at the FINA World Championships in Shanghai . The 26-year-old pointed to a Norwegian flag in reference to the shootings in his home country on Friday that claimed the lives of over 90 people . "  It 's a very special medal after what happened in my country in the last days , " he told FINA 's official web site after his victory . "  Seeing the flag , hearing the national anthem , everything was coming back and even though it 's been three days , it is still a shock . " Elsewhere , tears were shed when the Brazilian Cesar Cielo won the 50 meters butterfly , but not from all quarters . Cielo had been banned for alleged doping offences earlier in the year but , after taking his case to the Court for Arbitration in Sport  CAS  , the ruling was overturned four days before the race . As Cielo wept during the medal ceremony , other swimmers made pointed gestures , unhappy at his appearance . It was reported that some members of the crowd jeered his victory too . "  This gold has definitely a different taste than the other ones . That was probably the hardest medal in my life ; I knew I was going to race against the world 's best , and to be able to compete after what I have been through this last month is really a blessing , " Cielo told FINA 's official web site . "  With what happened , it was a time to test how much I could take and if I would be able to stand up again , and I am really proud of myself for doing this . Medals are important but I can not imagine my life without the environment of swimming . " The U.S. and China won their first gold medals when American swimmer Dana Vollmer triumphed in the 100m butterfly and 15-year-old Shiwen Ye secured the 200 meter individual medley for the hosts .	Norway 's Alexander Dale Oen wins gold at the FINA World Championship The 100m breaststroke champion held back tears The victory was good nation for a nation rocked by tragedy U.S. and China win their first golds
CNN  It 's a hard-knock life , Jay Z , especially on Twitter . The uber private rapper/entrepreneur broke out of his usually reserved social media shell over the weekend to defend the performance of his new music streaming service , Tidal . Using the hashtag #TidalFacts , he attempted to refute talk that the company has been doing a less than stellar job in taking on competitor Spotify . He launched the subscription-based music service last month with a star-studded news conference in which artists such as Madonna , Kanye West , Daft Punk and Jay Z 's wife , Beyonce , came together in support of what singer Alicia Keys told the crowd was "  The first ever artist-owned global music and entertainment platform . " CNN Money : Jay Z 's TIDAL music service to be owned by artists But less than a month after its debut , there 's been chatter that the service is underwhelming , and Jay Z 's "  stream of consciousness " tweets denying that were met with some derision . And , of course , a Tidal Facts parody Twitter account was quickly created to offer some "  facts " of its own .	The rapper/entrepreneur went "  stream of consciousness " on Twitter He asked users to be patient with Tidal , his new music streaming service A parody account was set up to mock his hashtag
ROME , Italy -- Cristiano Ronaldo and Wayne Rooney scored a goal in each half as Manchester United won 2-0 in Roma 's Olympic Stadium to virtually assure the Premier League leaders a place in the Champions League semifinals . Cristiano Ronaldo rises above the Roma defense to power home a superb header . United proved they can still dominate the Italian side , following last season 's 8-3 aggregate triumph at the same stage of the competition , with a stylish display . The visitors enjoyed a lot of the ball in the first period as Roma -- missing talismanic striker Francesco Totti -- sat back , seemingly intent on not giving anything away . On 12 minutes , United opened up the Roma defense but after Park Ji-Sung took the ball down on his chest he was crowded out . Christian Panucci headed over the bar from a David Pizarro corner and Mirko Vucinic shot over as he was falling backwards , after Rio Ferdinand had slipped , as Roma briefly threatened . United then suffered a blow as defender Nemanja Vidic was stretchered off with a leg injury , to be replaced by John O'Shea . Chances were few and far between but on 39 minutes United produced a move of majestic quality to take the lead . United switched the ball around the edge of the Roma box before Paul Scholes eventually crossed for Ronaldo to come steaming in to out-jump Marco Cassetti and thump home a header . Just three minutes later Roma had their best chance of the half after a mistake from Ferdinand , but Vucinic dragged his shot from the left just beyond the far post . Roma came out after the break with more purpose and Vucinic played in Max Tonetto , but he lashed his shot wide of the near post , failing even to force Edwin van der Sar into making a save . From a quick throw Panucci had great chance but skied his volley from five meters . Substitute Ludovic Giuly then got behind the United defense but Van der Sar cut out his cross . And the big Dutch keeper then made a stunning one-handed save on 62 minutes from a Vucinic header to keep the scores level . Four minutes later , United scored a crucial second as Park headed a deep cross from Wes Brown back across goal and Rooney mopped up the loose ball after goalkeeper Doni and Panucci impeded each other . Moments later Ronaldo had a shot deflected onto the outside of the post as United threatened to run riot . Rooney had two glorious chances to heap more misery on Roma late on but had one shot blocked and sent the other wide . Ronaldo then almost scored with a stunning late volley from substitute Carlos Tevez 's cross but the ball flew over the bar . With Barcelona taking a 1-0 lead over Schalke in the other semifinal , it looks increasingly likely that United will face the Catalan giants for a place in the Moscow final mext month . Ronaldo played down his goal , simply saying his 36th of the season was "  a good header " and preferred to comment on the team 's overall performance . "  That was a very good performance in what was a top game , " he said . "  We created a few chances , scored twice and deserved the victory . "  The defense were terrific and they played their part . It was a good job overall but we must remember that the Champions League is a different style to the Premier League and this match is not over yet , " added the Portuguese winger . E-mail to a friend	Manchester United win 2-0 in Roma in the Champions League quarterfinals Goals from Cristiano Ronaldo and Wayne Rooney put the visitors in control The winners will face Barcelona or Schalke for a place in the final in Moscow
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A full autopsy report on the death of conservative blogger and activist Andrew Breitbart was released Wednesday , concluding that he died of heart failure as a result of coronary artery disease and an enlarged heart , coroner officials announced . No significant trauma was detected , and foul play is not suspected , the Los Angeles County coroner 's report said . Breitbart , 43 , died on March 1 after collapsing on a sidewalk in the Los Angeles neighborhood of Brentwood . He was transported to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center and pronounced dead about 40 minutes later when emergency physicians were unable to revive him . According to the autopsy report , Breitbart had been diagnosed with congestive heart failure in 2011 after being rushed by ambulance to the same hospital because he had shortness of breath . Opinion : How Breitbart changed the news He was released from the hospital after a few days in 2011 , and he began exercising and dieting , the report said . The 6-foot-3 , 251-pound Breitbart was considered "  a light drinker , " and he had 0.04 gram percent of alcohol in his blood and heart at the time of his death , the autopsy report said . He also had 60 % narrowing of the coronary artery , the report said . A few weeks before his death , Breitbart had been recovering from flu symptoms and complained about "  being under a lot of stress " but no further problems were noted , according to the autopsy findings . No prescription or illicit drugs were found in his system , the report said .	Conservative activist Andrew Breitbart died of heart failure and had an enlarged heart A year ago , he was diagnosed with congestive heart failure after he was rushed to the ER He also had 60 % narrowing of the coronary artery , autopsy report says Report : Breitbart was "  a light drinker " and had 0.04 gram percent of alcohol in his blood
New York  CNN  -- Police found what appears to be a human skull Monday on the outskirts of a bird sanctuary in Long Island , New York , a county police officer said , potentially the ninth set of remains discovered in the probe of a suspected serial killer . Lt. Kevin Smith of the Nassau County Police Department said the skull was found around 3:30 p.m. in Oyster Bay . About four hours earlier , a New York state police officer and his cadaver dog spotted another set of remains about a mile and a half away , and authorities worked to determine whether those remains are human . These discoveries come on the first day that authorities probing the deaths of several young women searched for evidence in and around Nassau County . Since December , eight sets of human remains have been found in Suffolk County , just to the east of Nassau County and roughly five miles from the sites of Monday 's discoveries . "  It 's just been very startling , all of it has been , " Smith told reporters Monday . "  It 's just amazing that we 're finding these things . Obviously , we have a lot of work to do . " Authorities are working on the presumption that a single person is responsible for the women 's killings . The five victims who have been identified thus far all advertised prostitution services on websites such as Craigslist , police have said . "  Collectively , we want to bring to justice this animal who has obviously taken the lives of a number of people , " said Nassau County Executive Ed Mangano on Monday . Authorities would not describe what type of remains were found on Monday morning , and Smith did not detail the condition of the skull found in the afternoon . But police have said that the bodies discovered earlier were in various stages of decomposition , including at least one that could have been there for as long as two years , according to Suffolk County Police Commissioner Richard Dormer . Watch the sister of a missing woman tell her story The remains have included four female bodies found in December stuffed in bushes along a quarter-mile strip of beachfront property . Last week , three bodies were uncovered within a few miles of each other , fueling speculation that they could be the work of a serial killer . A woman 's body was also found March 29 off Ocean Parkway , west of Cedar Beach . The missing woman who prompted authorities to initiate the search -- 24-year-old Shannan Gilbert -- has not yet been identified . K-9 units and dive teams had been added to the search operation in an effort to locate Gilbert , who was last seen alive in May in the Gilgo Beach area . Search for missing women expands Gilbert 's sisters said Shannan was an escort who was visiting a client . They said she ran from the man 's house and called 911 , claiming that someone was trying to hurt her . Several neighbors also called 911 , witnesses say . Police came more than 30 minutes later , but by then Gilbert was gone and has never been heard from again . "  You want to believe everything was OK with her , " Sherre Gilbert said . "  But at the same time , so much time has passed it 's impossible to really think that she is still alive . " Sherre Gilbert said even if her sister is never found , the search has led to one positive outcome : the discovery of the other women 's bodies . CNN 's Kaj Larsen , Rupa Mikkilineni and Jen Christensen contributed to this report	NEW : What 's thought to be a human skull is found Monday in Oyster Bay , police say NEW : A medical examiner is trying to determine if a separate set of remains is human NEW : A county official says , "  We want to bring to justice this animal " The discoveries are about 5 miles from where 8 other human remains were found
Washington  CNN  -- Congressional negotiators reached a tentative deal Tuesday to extend the payroll tax cut and unemployment benefits while avoiding a fee cut for Medicare doctors , according to Republican legislators and aides . The framework deal followed a key Republican concession Monday and could receive the endorsement of a House-Senate conference committee on Wednesday . Reps. Renee Ellmers of North Carolina and Fred Upton of Michigan , both Republicans who were part of the conference committee negotiations , called it a tentative agreement , while a top House Democratic aide said Democratic leaders would discuss the proposal with their members on Wednesday morning . Ellmers and Upton said they expected the conference committee to sign off on the measure Wednesday if no objections arise . In that case , the House would vote on the agreement , in the form of the conference committee report , as soon as Friday . However , some conservative House Republicans expressed concerns about the potential agreement and said they were unsure if they would support it . Other GOP House legislators said they expected it to pass with support from a majority of Republicans , as well as Democrats . "  It 's the art of a deal . I mean , it 's a compromise , " said Rep. Steve Latourette , R-Ohio . "  So you have people that did n't get a 100 % of what they wanted . " Under the agreement that would cover the rest of 2012 , the nearly $ 100 billion payroll tax cut would not be paid for -- a consequence of the parties ' inability to compromise on either new taxes or offsetting spending cuts , said top congressional aides from both parties . It would be coupled , however , with measures extending unemployment benefits and preventing a fee cut to Medicare doctors -- known in Washington as the "  doc fix . " The latter two measures -- costing a combined $ 50 billion -- would be paid for , the aides said . Possible funding sources to pay for the measure include saving from broadband spectrum sales of about $ 13 billion , increased pension contributions by federal employees of about $ 16 billion and cuts to Medicare hospital and specialist fees that would not impact patients , according to the congressional aides . "  I think they have to work out all the details , but I think the big scope has been agreed to , " House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , told reporters . However , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , was less enthusiastic , saying "  this is not our preferred way " to deal with the issues and adding that details were still being studied . Congressional aides differed by party on details of extending the unemployment benefits , particularly the maximum number of weeks that will be funded . While a Democratic aide said the maximum for states with high unemployment would continue at the current 99 weeks , a Republican aide said the maximum would be 89 weeks and most states would have a maximum of 63 weeks of benefits by the end of the year . Some Republicans wanted unemployed individuals to pass drug tests and meet certain education standards before getting benefits -- an idea generally opposed by Democrats . A top Republican aide said the tentative agreement would allow for states to conduct drug testing when the unemployment benefits applicant was seeking a job that required drug testing or lost a job due to a failed drug test . News of the tentative deal came hours after President Barack Obama publicly urged Congress to extend the payroll tax cut , which is currently set to expire at the end of February . Failure to do so , Obama warned , could derail the economic recovery . "  This is a make-or-break moment for the middle class , " the president said . "  The last thing we need is for Washington to stand in the way of America 's comeback . " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney later told reporters that the payroll tax cut , extension of unemployment benefits and "  doc fix " provision all were "  important to the economy in different ways . " "  It is of vital importance that Congress not muck up the recovery that we 're seeing under way , " Carney said of the need for a broad agreement . The payroll tax cut , unemployment benefits and enhanced "  doc fix " payments are set to expire at the end of February under a short-term agreement reached by Congress in December . That agreement also set up the conference committee that resumed negotiations last month on a longer-term deal . Final negotiations have been hammered out by the two committee chairman , Democratic Sen. Max Baucus of Montana and Republican Rep. Dave Camp of Michigan , in conjunction with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , and Boehner . The payroll tax cut , a key part of Obama 's economic recovery plan , has reduced how much 160 million American workers pay into Social Security on their first $ 110,100 in wages . Instead of paying in 6.2 % , they 've been paying 4.2 % for the past year and two months . The break is worth about $ 83 a month for someone making $ 50,000 . On Monday , House GOP leaders dropped their demand that any extension of the tax cut be offset by spending cuts elsewhere in the budget . The decision was a sharp turnaround for House Republicans , who previously argued that a failure to fully pay for the tax break would be financially reckless . The debate over whether and how to extend the tax cut has been a political loser so far for the Republicans , who had publicly questioned its value last year . Democrats have gleefully highlighted the GOP 's reluctance , using the issue to portray Republicans as defenders of the rich who are indifferent to the plight of the middle class . Political analysts believe the showdown over the payroll holiday has eroded GOP strength on the party 's core issue of lower taxes . Fearing negative repercussions , Republican leaders have now backtracked on the issue twice : dropping their opposition to the two-month extension last December and dropping their insistence on paying for a longer extension on Monday . "  I think the GOP has read the writing on the wall when it comes to the payroll tax cut , " said Brown University political scientist Wendy Schiller . "  Americans are benefiting from it , and to take it away at this juncture leaves them open to charges of raising taxes . ... It would severely hamper the GOP presidential nominee 's effort to defeat Obama . " Johns Hopkins University political scientist Adam Sheingate called the GOP 's latest move "  a subtle shift in strategy precipitated by the improving economic outlook of the past few weeks . " "  By agreeing to a deal , the GOP can claim some credit for extending the holiday , " Sheingate said . "  Failing to extend the payroll tax would not only be unpopular , it would shift some of the responsibility for the economy back on the Republicans . This is to be avoided at all costs since the GOP  election  strategy rests almost entirely on Obama 's handling of the economy . " In announcing their shift on the payroll tax issue Monday , Boehner and two other top House GOP leaders said they wanted separate the matter from legislation dealing with unemployment benefits and the doc fix . Doing so would "  protect small businesses and our economy from the consequences of Washington Democrats ' political games , " said Boehner , Cantor and House Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy , R-California . Schiller told CNN the idea of divorcing the payroll tax cut from an unemployment benefits extension and the doc fix was a "  clever " idea on the part of the House GOP leadership . Doing so would have removed the Democrats ' "  leverage on the other issues of unemployment and Medicare payments , " she said . "  Also , as the unemployment numbers get better , the rationale for a lengthy extension of benefits diminishes . The longer the GOP can stall on the unemployment extension , the more likely it is they win in terms of authorizing a much shorter extension than the Democrats would like . " Democrats , however , quickly pushed back hard against the idea . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , on Tuesday urged Republicans to allow Congress to quickly complete its work on all three issues -- the payroll tax cut , unemployment insurance , and the doc fix . Pelosi said Congress should cancel a recess currently scheduled for next week if it fails to complete work on all of them by Friday . "  These crucial policies affect millions of middle class families and seniors and must not expire at the end of this month , " Pelosi said . Instead of a separate measure involving only the payroll tax cut extension , the tentative agreement Tuesday was a more comprehensive package worked out by the conference committee negotiators It remains unclear if the increasingly conservative House GOP caucus will be willing to go along with the tentative deal . House Republican freshmen , elected on a tidal wave of tea party support in 2010 , have made deficit reduction their top priority and repeatedly insisted that any new initiatives be fully paid for . Rep. Dennis Ross , R-Florida , said discussion Tuesday night in the House Republican caucus was "  heated " over not paying for the payroll tax cut extension , which he called "  bad policy , " while fellow Floridian Rep. Allen West , a tea party conservative , said "  this does n't look like a good deal to me . " Meanwhile , two New York Republicans , Reps. Tom Reed and Peter King , sounded more supportive , with King saying he expected the measure to pass . One key conservative , Rep. Jim Jordan of Ohio , indicated Tuesday he 's prepared to back Boehner and the other House GOP leaders . Jordan 's "  view is anytime we 're letting people keep more of their money , that 's a good thing , " said Brian Straessle , a spokesman for the Republican congressman . Veteran political analyst Norm Ornstein warned that the GOP leadership 's repeated maneuvering on the issue could end up backfiring . House Republican leaders have been "  trying to make the best of crummy situation , " Ornstein told CNN . But tea party Republicans "  do n't care " if fighting the tax cut extension is "  a political loser . They do n't like the payroll tax cut and now the  leadership 's  sin is being compounded by saying they wo n't pay for it . " This "  could play out in ways that make the life of Boehner  and other Republican leaders  a little less comfortable , " he predicted . CNNMoney 's Jeanne Sahadi and CNN 's Tom Cohen and Rebecca Stewart contributed to this report	NEW : Some Republican congressmen question the tentative agreement Progress is made after Republicans back down on payroll tax cut Political analyst Norm Ornstein warns new GOP strategy could backfire President Obama warns that failing to act could hurt the economic recovery
PEOPLE.com  -- Getting engaged made "  Biggest Loser " contestant Vinny Hickerson feel like he had "  a million pounds of weight off my shoulders . " Figurative weight , that is . Hickerson , 28 , a singer in the country duo Trailer Choir , proposed to his longtime girlfriend , Lori Diaz , 29 , during a date at the Grand Ole Opry that was filmed for the reality weight loss competition , and will air on Tuesday night 's episode of "  The Biggest Loser . " "  I wanted to take her there because it 's a place where so many dreams have come true , right there on that stage , " Hickerson tells PEOPLE exclusively . "  My biggest dream is to be a great husband and a great father , and fall in love . " "  There was no one there but us and a camera crew , " says Diaz . "  We sat down in the front row and he gives me a spiel about how he loves me more than anything . " Hickerson popped the question with a ring from Nashville 's King Jewelers . "  I thought it looked like the Eiffel Tower , which makes people think of beauty and romance , " he says . "  Just like the first time I saw Lori , out dancing in a zebra dress , I had that same feeling like , ` Oh my gosh , this is the one . ' " The second biggest surprise of the evening ? A private concert by the country group Thompson Square , who played their Grammy-nominated song "  Are You Gon na Kiss Me or Not . " "  I could n't believe they were there just for us , in this huge , amazing place , " says Diaz . Hickerson has been open on the show about his goal to lose weight in order to become a fit future husband and father to Diaz 's 9-year-old son , Brennon . Before , "  I was n't out playing ball with Brennon and even watching him skateboard . I 'd just sit in the car and watch , " says Hickerson , who is down to 314 pounds after starting the show at 426 pounds "  Now , there is n't anything I ca n't do ! " Adds Diaz of the proposal : "  I 'll never forget that night for as long as I live . It was so perfect , even more perfect than if I had planned it myself ! " See the full article at PEOPLE.com .  2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Vinny Hickerson is a singer in the country duo Trailer Choir and a "  Biggest Loser " contestant "  My biggest dream is to be a great husband and a great father , and fall in love " he said "  There was no one there but us and a camera crew , " says Lori Diaz
U.S. President Barack Obama voiced his support for Ukraine 's newly elected president and called for the international community to "  stand solidly behind " him Wednesday , on a visit to Europe dominated by the crisis in Ukraine . Obama 's meeting in Warsaw , Poland , with Ukrainian President-elect Petro Poroshenko can be seen as a sign of U.S. support for the government in Kiev as it battles to quell a pro-Russian separatist uprising in Ukraine 's East . Ukrainian authorities claimed Wednesday to have inflicted heavy losses on militant forces in the Donetsk region , at the same time as acknowledging that separatists have now seized two military bases in Luhansk . A separatist leader gave conflicting casualty figures . In remarks at a ceremony to mark the 25th anniversary of Poland 's return to democracy , Obama also voiced his backing for Ukraine , and said the United States would stand up for freedom across the region . Poland and former Soviet states "  will never stand alone , " Obama said . "  These are not just words . They are unbreakable commitments backed by the strongest alliance in the world and by the armed forces of the United States of America -- the most powerful military in history . " Conflicting accounts in heightened eastern Ukraine fighting He also vowed to stand with Ukraine , which is not a member of NATO , in the face of Russian "  aggression , " including its annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea region in March . "  Ukraine must be free to choose its own future , for itself and by itself , " Obama said . "  We will not accept Russia 's occupation of Crimea or its violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty . Our free nations will stand united so that further Russian provocations will only mean more isolation and costs for Russia . " Obama , who spoke after Polish President Bronislaw Komorowski at the solemn ceremony in the heart of Warsaw , also paid tribute to the Poles whose struggle for democracy lit a spark for revolutionary change . The 1989 election commemorated Wednesday "  was the beginning of the end of communism -- in this country and across Europe , " he said . ` Deeply impressed ' Addressing reporters earlier alongside Poroshenko , Obama said he was "  deeply impressed " by the newly elected leader 's vision of what is required to help Ukraine grow . "  The challenge now for the international community is to make sure that we are supportive of Petro 's efforts , and the United States has already stepped up in a number of ways , " he said . Obama said the pair had discussed additional steps the United States can take to help Ukraine through its transition process , including helping to train Ukrainian law enforcement officers and providing more nonlethal aid to its military . Deadly attack on pro-Russian separatists He also spoke of the need for Ukraine to undertake economic reforms , including steps to reduce its dependence on natural gas supplies from Russia , currently used by Moscow as a means of leverage . Poroshenko , a business magnate seen as pro-European , is due to be sworn in Saturday . He thanked the United States for its support and said the Ukrainian people had shown their solidarity in rejecting Russia 's annexation of Crimea . G7 diplomacy The U.S. President then flew to Brussels , Belgium -- the second stop of his three-nation tour -- for a meeting of the G7 group of industrialized nations . Obama led the international effort to suspend Russia 's participation in the world group of economic powers . That suspension resulted in the relocation of this year 's planned G8 summit from Sochi , Russia , to Brussels , as the leaders of the G7 nations decided to meet without Russia . Obama suggested Tuesday that Russian President Vladimir Putin could regain the trust "  shattered " by Russia 's incursion into Ukraine , but only if Moscow plays by the rules and stops destabilizing Ukraine . Putin "  has a choice to make " on Ukraine , Obama said , calling on the Russian President to continue to pull back troops from the border with Ukraine , persuade pro-Russian separatists to stand down and back Ukraine 's recent presidential election . Obama and Putin are likely to cross paths while both are in France at the end of the week for events to mark the 70th anniversary of the D-Day landings , but no formal talks have been announced . Putin told French television station TF1 that he will not "  evade " Poroshenko or anyone else . "  There will be other guests , and I 'm not going to avoid any of them . I will talk with all of them , " he said , according to the Kremlin 's translation . However , German Chancellor Angela Merkel will meet Putin on the sidelines of the D-Day events Friday for discussions on Ukraine , the German government said . British Prime Minister David Cameron will meet the Russian leader on Thursday night , Downing Street said , adding that their talks will focus on steps Russia can take to de-escalate the crisis . Obama urges Putin to make choice over Ukraine NATO defense ministers meet Amid the heightened East-West tensions , NATO defense ministers met Wednesday in Brussels . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said before meeting it was a timely opportunity "  to discuss our shared concerns over Russia 's illegal aggression against Ukraine . " The alliance has come to the fore in recent weeks as former Soviet states which are now NATO members seek reassurance amid heightened concerns following Russia 's annexation of Crimea . Obama on Tuesday announced that he would ask the U.S. Congress for a fund of up to $ 1 billion to allow for a "  European Reassurance Initiative " to bolster the security of NATO allies . This would help the United States undertake increased training exercises , explore the prepositioning of military equipment , and build the capacity of Georgia , Moldova and Ukraine to partner with the United States and NATO . More U.S. Air Force and Army personnel will be rotated through allied countries in central and eastern Europe , Obama said . Recent moves by Russia to withdraw some of its forces from its border with Ukraine have the potential to ease tensions between Moscow and Washington . But administration officials caution a new detente is a long way off . Kiev and the West have said the separatists in Ukraine are coordinated and supplied by Russia , a claim that Moscow denies . Separatists seize Ukraine military bases The volatile situation in eastern Ukraine appears to have taken a turn for the worse this week . The Ukrainian government claimed Wednesday that more than 300 pro-Russian militants have been killed and at least 500 wounded in ongoing Ukrainian military operations in the towns of Chervoniy Liman and Slovyansk . CNN could not immediately confirm the report . However , Vyacheslav Ponomarev , self-declared mayor of Slovyansk , told CNN that during Tuesday 's attack by Ukrainian jets and helicopters , 10 separatist militants had died and 12 were injured . He added in the past three days , three civilians , including a woman , had died in the violence . The authorities also said that separatist fighters had taken over two military bases in Luhansk -- one run by the Border Guard and the other by the National Guard . The Ukrainian Border Guard base on the outskirts of Luhansk city has been evacuated and taken over by pro-Russia separatists , according to the Border Guard website . Ukrainian official : Five militants killed in attack on border guard base in Luhansk The border guard detachment at the compound , which was badly damaged during 12 hours of clashes Monday , has been relocated to safe place , the Border Guard Service said . The Ukrainian National Guard said Wednesday it had lost control of its base after an attack by "  terrorists " that began late Tuesday . Video appeared to show its detachment surrendering to separatists early Wednesday . The National Guard said its troops at the base had been relocated to "  a safe place . " Three of its men were injured , while six of the attackers were killed , it said . CNN can not independently confirm the number of casualties . Civilians killed The loss of the military bases follows a deadly attack Monday on a regional headquarters building in Luhansk that had been taken over by separatists calling themselves the People 's Republic of Luhansk . Five women and three men , all of them civilians , were killed in the attack , which Kiev blamed on separatists . A munitions expert who accompanied a CNN crew to the scene , however , said the damage to the building was indicative of an airstrike . Ukraine 's President-elect vows vengeance over helicopter attack The Special Monitoring Mission of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe came to a similar conclusion . It 's thought to be the first time that civilians have been killed or injured in an attack by the Ukrainian air force since pro-Russian groups began occupying buildings in the Luhansk and Donetsk regions more than two months ago . The U.N. children 's agency , UNICEF , raised concern Tuesday over the plight of children caught up in the violence and urged all groups involved to protect children . Seven children , the youngest age 4 , have sustained gunshot and shrapnel injuries in eastern Ukraine since May 9 , the agency said , while others in Donetsk have been exposed to violence and terrifying events .	Vladimir Putin tells French TV he wo n't avoid any world leaders at D-Day ceremony U.S. President Obama celebrates 25 years since Poland 's return to democracy He gives his backing to Ukrainian President-elect Petro Poroshenko Obama traveled to Brussels for a G7 meeting , held as NATO defense ministers also meet
It sounds like advice offered by parents to teenagers on prom night : Do n't do stupid stuff . But it also is an important guiding foreign policy principle of the President of the United States . Ever since the President uttered the phrase during an off-the-record discussion with reporters earlier this year -- the actual words were a bit saltier and later confirmed privately by administration officials -- foreign policy critics have seized on "  DDSS " as a crystallization of the Obama Doctrine . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is only the latest critic of the "  DDSS " comment , describing the remark in an interview with The Atlantic magazine as too simplistic . "  Great nations need organizing principles , and ` Do n't do stupid stuff ' is not an organizing principle , " she said . Clinton called Obama on Tuesday , to "  make sure he knows that nothing she said was an attempt to attack him , " her spokesman Nick Merrill said in a statement . The two will meet at a party hosted by Democratic Party adviser Vernon Jordan on Martha 's Vineyard on Wednesday evening , after she holds a book signing on the island . In an interview with CNN , Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes insisted that "  DDSS " is not the "  entire foreign policy " of the Obama administration . But he maintained the expression has substance . "  It means think carefully before you get into military interventions , " he said . "  I think that 's a lesson of the last 10 years that the American people have internalized -- that we have to be very careful when it comes to the application of military force , that we 're not putting U.S. troops in harm 's way without a clear plan and limited objectives for that effort . " Opinion : Hillary Clinton pummels Obama 's foreign policy Rhodes said the President did not take the criticism from Clinton personally . "  I think their relationship is very resilient . They 've been through so much together , " he said . What hand will al-Maliki play in Iraq Shaped by more than a decade of war Clinton 's apparent support for a more hawkish U.S. posture comes as Obama 's foreign policy has absorbed withering criticism in recent weeks . But her potentially more interventionist approach carries its own set of risks , diplomatic and political analysts caution . " ` Do n't do stupid stuff ' ought to be emblazoned on the foreheads of all future presidents and secretaries of state , " said Aaron David Miller , a former State Department adviser during both Democratic and Republican administrations . Miller said "  DDSS " is less a doctrine than it is a presidential mission statement that is shaped by more than a decade of war . "  Stripped to its essence , after protecting the homeland , it should be U.S. foreign policy 's second commandment , " he added . "  I view that as a political summary ... much like ` It 's the economy , stupid , ' " Rep. Adam Schiff , D-California , said , comparing "  DDSS " to the middle-class battle cry coined by Bill Clinton strategist James Carville during the 1992 presidential election . Schiff said the former secretary of state 's comments do not reflect a political break from the President , arguing the perception of a conflict just makes "  good copy . " Opinion : Clinton , Obama both wrong The President 's strategy on crises ranging from Syria to Iraq and Ukraine offers a sharp contrast to Republicans who "  act first and think last , " Schiff said . "  The risks of becoming fully entangled in Iraq are tremendous , " he added . The President 's cautious approach is nothing new . A line can be traced from "  DDSS " to the anti-Iraq war speech he delivered as an Illinois state senator in 2002 . "  What I am opposed to is a dumb war . What I am opposed to is a rash war , " Obama said at the time . Scars from 2008 primary still remain It was that 2002 speech that endeared Obama to the liberal base of the Democratic Party , in part because of then-Sen . Clinton 's support for the Iraq war . The policy battle over Iraq that later erupted between Obama and Clinton in their fight for the party 's nomination ultimately resulted in a Democrat returning to the White House . But the divide left deep scars between the two camps that were still healing even as Clinton unleashed her critique of Obama 's worldview . That difficult history is why Clinton 's comments to The Atlantic 's Jeffrey Goldberg came as a shock to one senior Democratic strategist , who spoke on condition of anonymity . Specifically disturbing , the strategist said , was the former secretary of state 's insistence that Obama 's lack of support for the Syrian opposition gave rise to the ISIS militants in Iraq . "  Why you 'd want to do that , I have no idea , " the prominent , non-Obama affiliated strategist said of Clinton 's plea for more direct U.S. involvement in Syria . Citing the nation 's reluctance to plunge back into Middle East conflicts , the strategist added , "  Politically , Obama 's right . " In a flashback to ' 08 , Obamaworld lunged to the President 's defense Tuesday , in a tweet that appeared to tweak Clinton . "  Just to clarify : ` Do n't do stupid stuff ' means stuff like occupying Iraq in the first place , which was a tragically bad decision , " former Obama adviser David Axelrod tweeted . Better job communicating its strategy Still , even the President 's own advisers acknowledge that Obama has had a difficult time clearly articulating his foreign policy doctrine . During his overseas trip to Asia this year , Obama used a baseball metaphor to explain his reluctance to intervene militarily against a variety of threats , including Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , who crossed a "  red line " set by the President barring chemical weapon use . That caution "  avoids errors , " Obama said . "  You hit singles , you hit doubles ; every once in a while , we may be able to hit a home run . " After much of Washington pounced on the sports analogy , White House aides began plotting out a more thoughtful speech on American leadership that would be delivered at West Point . Before that address , Rhodes conceded to The New York Times that the administration could do a better job of communicating its strategy . "  People are seeing the trees , but we 're not necessarily laying out the forest , " Rhodes said . Obama told the cadets at West Point the U.S. should be willing to intervene , but not overreach , acting alone only when necessary . "  Just because we have the best hammer does not mean that every problem is a nail , " Obama said , opting to switch metaphors . The apparent struggle to neatly encapsulate the President 's strategy is not lost on his critics . "  I do think the administration is showing some signs of a little bit of fatigue , " Brookings Institution analyst Michael O'Hanlon said in a recent interview with CNN . "  It 's time for a little more ambition frankly because the world senses that this President is too disengaged , " O'Hanlon added . A now more ambitious Obama is engaged in Iraq , risking what his aides have long described as his post-Bush legacy of "  ending wars , not starting them . " As past presidents have learned in Iraq , it is "  easy to get in , hell to get out , " Schiff said .	Hillary Clinton called Obama 's guiding foreign policy principle too simplistic Obama did n't take the former secretary of state 's criticism personally , an adviser says Those within his inner circle admit the President has had problems articulating his policy
Buenos Aires  CNN  -- Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner is no wallflower when it comes to public speaking . She 's known for passionate proclamations on national television and rapid-fire online posts about her work . But it 's been almost a month since her last public appearance and 33 days since her last Twitter post , prompting critics to question who 's in charge of the South American country . Close aides to Fernandez have dismissed such concerns , stressing that she 's the one making the government calls . "  The President is present every day , working with us , " Cabinet Secretary Jorge Capitanich told reporters earlier this month , according to the state-run Telam news agency . Fernandez went on medical leave in October so doctors could perform emergency surgery to remove a blood clot on the surface of her brain . She officially returned to work in November and appeared at a series of events in December . But now , with Fernandez largely out of public view once again , speculation has surged about her whereabouts , and her health . "  If we had n't had the President 's illness just a few months ago , one would discard it . But the problem is the rumor has been established , and the sense of uncertainty of not knowing why , " said Orlando D'Adamo , director of the Center of Public Opinion at the University of Belgrano in Buenos Aires . "  Is it a political strategy ? Is she making room for a new candidate for 2015 ? Is it because she does not want to face difficult situations for the government ? We do not know . " Others think Fernandez is taking a break to take care of her health and not face a similar fate as her husband , former President Nestor Kirchner , who died in 2010 after suffering a heart attack . "  I think she does not want to repeat that story , " said Enrique Zuleta , another political analyst . As Argentina has faced high inflation and other challenges in recent weeks , Capitanich was the public face of the government . On the streets of Buenos Aires , residents say they have felt the President 's absence . "  There are many problems that require a solution , and there is no clear response from her , " worker Gabriel Blanco said . Merchant Nelida Jorquera said she was worried about the situation . "  But I think she is a serious person , and she would not deceive the people , " she said . CNN 's Jose Manuel Rodriguez reported from Buenos Aires . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta .	It 's been nearly a month since Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner 's last appearance Critics question who 's in charge of the South American country Fernandez 's aides dismiss concerns , stressing she 's the one making government calls Fernandez went on medical leave in October so doctors could remove a blood clot from her brain 's surface
CNN  Former Manchester United star Danny Welbeck returned to haunt his old side to send holders Arsenal into the semifinals of the FA Cup with a 2-1 victory at Old Trafford Monday . The England striker was surplus to requirements at Louis van Gaal 's United , but was quick to capitalize on a mistake by Antonio Valencia to grab the winner just after the hour mark . A disappointing night for United was compounded by a late red card for Argentina international Angel Di Maria , who was given his marching orders after manhandling referee Michael Oliver . Di Maria was initially booked for simulation and took his protests too far by grabbing the official , which led to his instant dismissal . With 10 men , United was never able to exert any real pressure on Arsenal and it took two fine saves David De Gea to deny further goals from Santi Cazorla and Alexis Sanchez for the away side . Victory for Arsenal booked a return to Wembley for a last four clash with either Reading or Bradford City , who are replaying their quarterfinal tie next Monday . Liverpool or Blackburn Rovers will play Aston Villa in the other semifinal . Arsenal had taken a 25th minute lead through Nacho Monreal , the Spanish defender converting after fine move which involved Mesut Ozil and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain . But the advantage was short lived with Di Maria finding Wayne Rooney to score with a diving header . United looked to press ahead for the winner , but home hopes were dashed when Valencia made a hash of a back pass and Welbeck was quick to latch on to the loose ball and beat De Gea . ' I believe it was justice for him to score he worked extremely hard today , ' Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said of Welbeck . His counterpart van Gaal will now , barring a miracle , be left without a trophy in his first season in charge of the English powerhouses , with the pressure now on to seal a top four place in the EPL to guarantee Champions League football next season .	Arsenal beats Man Utd 2-1 in FA Cup quarterfinal Former Manchester United player Danny Welbeck scores winner Holders Arsenal took the lead through Nacho Monreal before Wayne Rooney equalized Angel Di Maria sent off for shoving referee in second half
CNN  Chinese railway experts have begun talks on building a record-breaking high-speed rail that would connect Inner Mongolia in the north to Hainan in the south . According to the Shaanxi Development and Reform Commission , the proposed line will operate at a speed of 350 kilometers per hour  217 mph  . Beginning in Inner Mongolia 's Baotou city and running through southern Shaanxi , Hubei , Hunan , Guangxi and Guangdong , its final stop would be in Haikou city on Hainan Island , China 's southernmost province . Though the exact length of the proposed route has not been released , it will likely become the world 's longest high-speed rail line -- smashing a record already held by China -- as the journey by road between Baotou and Haikou is approximately 3,000 kilometers  1,864 miles  long . Currently , the world 's longest high-speed rail line is almost 2,300 kilometers long  1,429 miles  , running from Beijing to the southern metropolis of Guangzhou . The proposed rail is part of China 's aim to create a "  Maritime Silk Road of the 21st Century " and coincides with initiatives to improve the country 's comprehensive transportation network while driving land development and urbanization in seven provincial areas . Minority issues Many of the provinces through which the high-speed trains will travel are near major bodies of water , such as the Yellow River in Inner Mongolia and Shaanxi provinces , the Yangtze River in Hubei and the South China Sea , where the line would end . It will also take passengers to popular tourist destinations including Zhangjiajie , Xian , Guilin and minority areas in western Hunan and Hubei . "  The country is now shifting its focus and investing in the western regions and economically underdeveloped areas , making up for China 's long debt to these areas , " Tan Yuzhi , professor of the School of Economics and Management at Hubei University for Nationalities , told local media . "  The project will significantly narrow regional disparities and solve minority issues . " However , Deng Hongbing , director of China University of Geosciences ' Center for Regional Economic and Investment Center , said that if the north-to-south railway is to go ahead , there needs to be a sound ecological program in place to ensure the protection of these underdeveloped and ecologically sensitive areas . Officials say the line will connect with existing high-speed routes such as Xuzhou-Lanzhou , Shanghai-Wuhan-Chengdu , Shanghai-Kunming and Guiyang-Guangzhou . Proposal participants say they will push for the train project to be included in China 's 13th five-year national development plan  2016-2020  .	Proposed high-speed rail would connect Inner Mongolia with Hainan , which are more than 3,000 kilometers apart World 's longest high-speed rail line is almost 2,300 kilometers long , connecting Beijing and Guangzhou Train would open access to some of China 's remotest areas for tourists
CNN  Just how cold and miserable is it in upstate New York ? It 's apparently so miserable that even those whose job it is to encourage visits to Ithaca are telling tourists they probably should make other plans . Web visitors who go to VisitIthaca.com , the Ithaca/Tompkins County Convention and Visitors Bureau website , will now see a pop-up banner that says , "  That 's it . We surrender . Winter , you win . Key West anyone ? " Bruce Stoff , director of the Visitors Bureau , came up with the unconventional marketing campaign . "  It was 5 degrees below zero this morning when I woke up , " Stoff said Monday . "  Everyone in the Northeast is beaten by winter now , and we 're dreaming of being someplace that is warm . " The message goes on to say , "  Due to this ridiculously stupid winter , Ithaca invites you to visit the Florida Keys this week . Please come back when things thaw out . Really , it 's for the birds here now . " It provides a link to the Keys website at fla-keys . com . A spokesperson for the Florida Keys Tourism Council called the initiative "  the wackiest thing I 've ever seen in my life from a tourism marketing standpoint . " Andy Newman got a call from Stoff last week pitching the idea and asking for permission to use pictures of the Florida Keys homepage . This was n't an advertising campaign , Newman said , and no money was exchanged . "  I did n't believe he 'd actually go through with it , " Newman said . But considering the weather conditions in the Keys right now , he understands . "  It 's in the 70s , there 's no snow and no frost on the ground , " Newman said . "  Come on down . Why would n't you ? " Winter spreads its reach from Northeast to South and beyond CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	VisitIthaca.com is redirecting visitors to a Florida Keys tourism site Site says , "  Please come back when things thaw out . Really , it 's for the birds here now "
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Two explosions have struck a small cafe in volatile northwestern Pakistan , killing six people , including two police officers , local police and an official said . A paramedic treats a victim of a suicide blast at a hospital in Dera Ismail Khan on Sunday . The attack happened Sunday evening in the town of Dera Ismail Khan in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province , a frequent scene of suicide attacks . No one was killed in the first blast , which happened at a cafe near a local college , said Haji Abdul Rauf , the town 's mayor . Four residents and two police officers were killed and 20 others injured when a suicide bomber struck 10 minutes later , Rauf said . The attackers were targeting police by attracting a crowd with the first blast , the mayor said . A local journalist said two of the civilians killed were reporters who had arrived after the first explosion . Pakistan 's forces have been battling Taliban and al Qaeda militants in the North West Frontier Province and the Federally Administered Tribal Areas . Some of the Taliban militants conducting attacks in neighboring Afghanistan have been based in the North West Frontier Province and nearby tribal regions . The resurgence of the Taliban has prompted U.S. commanders and the incoming Barack Obama administration to put more of a focus on confronting militants along the border . The attack on Sunday came one week after a suicide car bomber -- apparently targeting people voting to fill a national assembly seat -- killed at least 37 people and wounded 16 others in the Bunair district of North West Frontier Province . In November , a suicide bomber detonated his explosives in the midst of a funeral procession in Dera Ismail Khan , killing at least seven people and injuring 30 more , police said . Days earlier , a suicide bomber struck a mosque during evening prayers in the Bajaur region of the North West Frontier Province , killing seven people . Journalist Janullah Hashimzada in Peshawar , Pakistan , contributed to this report .	Suicide bomber kills six people after early explosion attracts crowd Attack happened in Pakistan 's volatile North West Frontier Province Four residents and two police officers were killed , and 20 others injured Pakistan has been battling Taliban and al Qaeda militants in the province
CNN  -- The turboprop plane that crashed in New York state , killing all 49 people on board and one on the ground , was one of the safest and most sophisticated aircraft of its type , according to an aviation industry expert . Scandinavian Airlines grounded its fleet of Dash 8 Q400 planes after three crash landings in 2007 . The Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 was less than one year old and had flown for only about 1,500 hours , said Kieran Daly , of the online aviation news service Air Transport Intelligence . The Continental Connection Flight 3407 was operated by Colgan Air between Newark Liberty International Airport and Buffalo . Daly said propeller-driven aircraft such as the Canadian-built Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 and its European rival , the ATR series , had sold well to airlines in the last three years because they were almost as fast as jets , cruising at about 480 kilometers/hour  300 mph  , but used much less fuel . Listen to audio of plane 's last moments " However , despite an excellent safety record , some passengers were still wary of traveling on propeller planes , he said . Daly said that for most of the time turboprops were as safe as similar-sized , 50-seater jets , but in icy conditions turboprops were at a disadvantage . Stressing that the cause of Thursday 's crash in near Buffalo was still unclear and could be caused by mechanical failure for example , he said the potential for ice was there because it was short and the plane would have been flying at a relatively low level . Watch what iReporter captured on film Daly said the pilot appeared not to have reported problems with icing , but this was not unusual because planes were designed to cope with these conditions . "  All aircraft have de-icing system : a big jet like a 747 can cope with ice almost indefinitely , but smaller planes , especially propeller planes can experience problems , " he said . "  Pilots cope by increasing altitude -- icing mainly occurs at lower levels -- but because propeller-driven planes are slower , they take longer to reach high altitude and spend longer in the icy conditions . " According to the National Weather Service weather observation for Buffalo , there was light snow , fog and mist shortly before 10 p.m. Watch more on the plane crash " CNN has listened to a tape of communications between air traffic control and the flight crew . The first officer had no sign of stress in her voice initially . The plane was cleared for approach . About two minutes later , the air traffic controller came back , with stress in his voice . Radar contact was lost . Watch report from witness : "  All I saw was flames " " The question went out : Can other planes see anything ? No one responds . The controller says they might have a plane down . The pilot 's last comment was "  Colgan Flight 3407 . " There were no sounds of distress . Watch video from CNN affiliate WGRZ " Scandinavian Airlines  SAS  permanently grounded its fleet of Dash 8s after three crash landings during a two-month period in 2007 that were blamed on the aircraft 's landing gear . "  Confidence in the Q400 has diminished considerably and our customers are becoming increasingly doubtful about flying in this type of aircraft , " Mats Jansson , president and CEO of SAS , said at the time . "  I have decided to immediately remove Dash 8 Q400 aircraft from service . " Air expert Daly said though that in Thursday 's crash the landing gear of the Continental plane was unlikely to be down because it was far from the airport . The National Transportation Safety Board said early Friday it was preparing to send a team to Buffalo to investigate the crash . Thursday 's plane crash is the deadliest on U.S. soil since August 2006 when Comair Flight 5191 crashed when it attempted to take off from the wrong runway .	Air expert : Turboprop plane that crashed in New York one of safest of its type Officials say all 49 aboard the plane died ; one confirmed death on ground Canadian-built Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 under year old , had flown 1,500 hours
CNN  -- When he came to , Gene Penaflor knew he had to do something . He did n't know how long he 'd been unconscious ; just that he was in the wilderness , a man of 72 who had lost his way while hunting deer . He had to quickly figure out how to survive , what to eat and drink , and how to stay warm . And for almost three weeks , Penaflor did just that : subsisting on a diet of lizards , frogs and squirrels . Penaflor was separated from his hunting buddy on September 24 . At first , he tried find his way on foot out of the Mendocino National Forest , a vast nature preserve in northern California . But he was disoriented and quickly gave up . He stayed put in hope that someone would find him . In his 19 days cut off from humanity , it snowed several times , and temperatures dropped to 25 degrees Fahrenheit some nights . Then help came . Penaflor made it to a hospital in the town of Ukiah on the edge of the forest , where his family surrounded his bed . Doctors checked him over and released him . He is back home , his son Jeremy told CNN . "  He 's good . He 's hanging in there . He looks like nothing changed except he grew a beard . " Lost Flank the deer on two sides ; no matter where it runs , your buddy or you are pretty sure to bag it . It 's a common hunting strategy . But it got Penaflor separated from his hunting partner on September 24 . They had split up at their base camp , walking over separate ridges , and were going to meet up down the path a few hours later for lunch . Penaflor never showed . A day later , his hunting buddy reported him missing to the Mendocino County sheriff , who sent out a search party a day later assembled from nearly two dozen country and state law enforcement offices . After scouring the mountain range on foot and with rescue dogs , and in the air for four days , they found no clues leading to Penaflor . A hefty storm blew in , and they suspended the search . Woman survives 12 days in the wilds of Canada The accident Penaflor had walked out into the woods much farther than he had planned , his son said . He slipped on a steep slope and hit his head . It knocked him out cold , and he has no idea for how long . He still had his hunting rifle , but he told his son that he did n't have the strength to hunt a deer . "  He told me it was mainly in survival mode . He was trying to save energy , " the son said . Instead , Penaflor focused on small game , foraged for algae in a stream and drank water from a creek . To stay dry , he crouched under a fallen tree , and to keep warm , he made a fire and packed dry leaves and grass around his body . He never stopped trying , and his family did not give up hope . "  We knew he was out there , " said Jeremy Penaflor . Missing teen , fascinated with ` Into the Wild , ' found dead The rescue The search party went out again Saturday to look for the 72-year-old , and this time the group was about half the size of the original one . But someone beat them to Penaflor . A hunter called the sheriff 's office in the morning , saying he and his large group of friends could hear a man crying for help from down in a valley . The cell phone connection dropped out again and again , before deputies could note his location , the sherriff 's office said . They instructed the hunter to call 911 , and the operator locked in on his GPS coordinates . Penaflor 's cries led the hunting party to him . They cut poles from trees and affixed their coats to them to fashion a makeshift stretcher to carry him out . Rescuers met up with the group hours later , as they heaved him up a steep hill . They called a helicopter to ferry him to Ukiah Valley Medical Center . Hugs and tears When his family saw him , no one spoke , Jeremy Penaflor said . "  Just hugs . And we were in tears . " He released a photograph to the media , showing his father in a hospital bed , smiling and giving a thumbs-up . No more hunting for now , the son said . "  If he decides to hunt in a couple of years , that 's fine . But we joked around and said let 's make it a camping trip . " If he goes out again , his son wants to be with him . Police : 4 teens missing from youth ranch in New Mexico return Missing teen found in Rhode Island CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Gene Penaflor , 72 , fell unconscious in a California national forest He has no idea how long he was out He had a gun but no energy to hunt big game , so he ate squirrels , frogs and lizards Rescuers ' search was futile , but after 19 days , hunters stumbled upon Penaflor
CNN  -- The capture of Ahmed Abu Khatallah could be compared to a large group of trappers quietly snaring rare and dangerous prey . For days , Army Delta Force commandos , the FBI and U.S. intelligence agencies lay in wait for one of the alleged masterminds behind the deadly September 11 , 2012 , attack on the U.S. Mission in Benghazi , Libya . Then over the weekend , they lured Abu Khatallah to a point south of the eastern city and nabbed him . U.S. officials said he did not put up a fight . Not a shot was fired . But Abu Khatallah had a reputation for hiding out in the open , relaxed and self-assured . In an interview with CNN 's Arwa Damon last year , he said he was ready to talk to U.S. investigators but "  not as an interrogation . " He will now have that conversation , just not on his own terms . Where he is now Abu Khatallah is on the USS New York heading to the United States , a U.S. military official said . After he was captured Sunday , he was put on the U.S. Navy ship in the Mediterranean and was interrogated by the FBI-led High Value Detainee Interrogation Group , or HIG . Taking him by sea , rather than by air , allows investigators "  maximum time to question him , " U.S. officials said . But the sea transport is largely being done for logistical reasons . It 's difficult for the U.S. to find countries in the region that will allow their territory to be used to transfer prisoners captured in operations such as this . Libya called the capture of Abu Khatallah by the United States a "  kidnapping . " The U.S. action was a violation of Libyan sovereignty and was carried out without informing Libyan officials , the Libyan government said . There was already a Libyan arrest warrant for Abu Khatallah , but Libyan Justice Minister Salah Marghani said an arrest had not been made because of the deteriorating security situation in the Benghazi area . Abu Khatallah should be tried by a Libyan court , the justice minister said . He called the United States a country friendly to Libya but said it must discuss such operations with Libya beforehand . The Libyan government said it expects the United States to guarantee Abu Khatallah 's safety and rights , especially when it comes to a fair trial . Where he is headed When he arrives , Abu Khatallah is very likely headed to a federal trial . That 's what the Obama administration wants , a position at odds with some of the President 's Republican critics . Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina wants to postpone criminal prosecution to give interrogation more time . "  We should have some quality time with this guy . Weeks and months , " he said . "  Do n't torture him , but have some quality time with him . " Arizona Sen. John McCain wants to see Abu Khatallah in the U.S. military prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . "  Where else can you take him to ? " McCain said Gitmo may be out of the question . It 's a prison the Obama administration has been trying to shutter . And no detainees have been added there since the President took office , said national security spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden . Where he will be tried The administration boasts that past prosecution of terrorism suspects in civilian courts has had a nearly 100 % conviction rate . Aspiring Times Square bomber Faisal Shahzad , the so-called underwear bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , radical cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri , and al Qaeda propagandist Sulaiman Abu Ghaith were all convicted and sentenced in U.S. courts . Hundreds more were as well , according to Washington lawmakers on armed services committees . Many of them are locked away at the "  Supermax " prison in Florence , Colorado . By contrast , there have been a mere handful of Guantanamo convictions . The prosecution of the confessed mastermind of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , has hit one snag after the next and is still in the pretrial phase . Human Rights Watch weighed in on Wednesday , asking for Abu Khatallah to be provided access to a lawyer and to appear promptly before a judge . The U.S. "  is obligated under international law , regardless of the manner in which Abu Khatallah was taken into custody , to provide him due process protections and a fair trial , " the group said . It is possible that the Libyans lack the capability to arrest some suspects or provide a fair trial , but the Obama administration should provide the legal basis for why it made the arrest without alerting the host country , the group said . What his defense is Abu Khatallah says he was directing traffic in Benghazi when fighters attacked the U.S. mission with mortars and rockets that night . The building burned . Ambassador Christopher Stevens and IT expert Sean Smith died of smoke inhalation . More than 30 Americans were evacuated . Early the next morning , attackers assaulted a second U.S. facility , killing two former U.S. Navy SEALs working there as security contractors : Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty . Abu Khatallah was at the U.S. mission during the first attack . But he chalks that up to happenstance . "  I did n't know where the place was , " he said . "  When I heard , we went to examine the situation . When we withdrew and there was shooting with medium guns , and there were RPG 's in the air and people panicked , we tried to control traffic . " But a New York Times investigation describes his role as less than nonchalant , reporting that Abu Khatallah helped lead the onslaught . U.S. investigators have collected evidence , and the accused will be tried on three charges in federal court that include killing while attacking a federal facility , and conspiracy and material support of terrorism . "  We retain the option of adding additional charges in the coming days , " U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said . What the political ramifications are The word "  Benghazi " has had the ring of Washington partisan politics from day one -- literally . With the 2012 presidential election just two months away , a Republican candidate issued a statement criticizing Obama just hours after the attack . With the prospect of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton running for the White House in 2016 , Benghazi remains a sore spot that opponents have continuously prodded . Last year , House Republican leaders released a 46-page report on Benghazi , in which they accused Clinton of slashing security at the U.S. compound there . They also accused the Obama administration of a politically inspired cover-up when former U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice , now Obama 's national security adviser , blamed the unrest on spontaneous protests against an anti-Muslim video made in America . On Tuesday , Clinton told CNN in a televised interview that she 's "  very pleased " that special forces captured Abu Khatallah . But she was met with a new potential critic , the mother of one of the men who died in the attack . Pat Smith delivered a message to Clinton through CNN , demanding answers about security concerns at the Benghazi mission that preceded the attack . Clinton said that she is still looking for those answers herself . Hiding in plain sight : Captured Benghazi suspect an enigma Benghazi attack time line Lawmaker : If CNN can interview Khatallah , why ca n't FBI ? CNN 's Tom Cohen , Michael Martinez , Evan Perez and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Abu Khatallah is being held on the USS New York Terror suspect Ahmed Abu Khatallah did not put up a fight when captured He is to face trial in federal court His capture may have political ramifications in Washington
CNN  -- Hundreds of residents ordered out of their homes as a massive wildfire advanced on the suburbs of Fort Collins , Colorado , may be allowed to return Wednesday evening , fire officials said . "  We 're gaining , " said Bill Hahnenberg , the U.S. Forest Service 's commander for the team battling the High Park wildfire , which has burned 46,600 acres in northern Colorado . The fire , which has claimed at least one life , is estimated to be 10 % contained . About 100 structures are confirmed lost , but hundreds of families are anxiously waiting to hear whether their homes survived . "  This fire 's behavior is starting to diminish , at least in some places , where we can have trained individuals to go in and determine which structures are lost , " Hahnenberg said during his Wednesday morning media briefing . Hundreds of firefighters have arrived from around the United States to help local departments that have been battling the fire , bringing to 1,000 the number of personnel involved in the fight . The local firefighters , some of whom have lost their own homes , are tired , Hahnenberg said . "  We 're doing our best and have enough resources on board to rotate in and relieve them . " They 've had "  some success , some failure " in containing the advance of flames eastward and southward , toward residential areas , he said . Residents should be able to return to two evacuated neighborhoods later Wednesday and perhaps three areas Thursday , said Nick Christensen of the Larimer County Sheriff 's Department . Mark Engle 's family decided not to leave their Colorado home despite the thick smoke billowing through the air outside Tuesday . From a window , he watched deer grazing in his backyard , driven out of the forest by flames that have devoured thousands of acres of land only a few miles away . His children 's backpacks were placed by the door , stuffed with their favorite toys . His family was packed and ready to leave in a hurry , Engle said . But they wanted to stay put , even though authorities have ordered residents in the area to clear out . "  There 's a number of people like myself ,  for whom  packing up and leaving when you have livestock and animals just is n't as easy as if you have just a house , " Engle said . First measured at two acres early Saturday , the High Park Fire -- which officials say was caused by lightning -- has grown exponentially in the time since . President Barack Obama telephoned Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper on Tuesday and said his administration is already making personnel , equipment and federal grants available to the state to help in the effort . The huge plumes of smoke from the High Park fire are visible from miles away , casting a somber shadow even over communities well outside the danger zone . CNN iReporter Dave Thrush , a musician from Denver , posted dramatic pictures of smoke darkening the skies above the Colorado State University campus Sunday . "  The fire is 20 miles from the campus , so no one is in danger there , but the billowing smoke is still very eerie , " he wrote . Another CNN iReporter , goodline69 , a restaurant server in Lafayette , Colorado , told CNN on Monday : "  It was a beautiful day in Fort Collins with business as usual for many , it seemed , so it was a bit surreal to be watching homes being destroyed from across the reservoir . "  I found myself watching the crowd watch the fire . Heartbreaking . " Are wildfires near you ? Share your photos and video on CNN iReport , but please stay safe .	NEW : "  We 're gaining , " U.S. Forest Service incident commander says NEW : Families may be allowed to return to some neighborhoods Wednesday and Thursday NEW : The fire has scorched at least 46,600 acres in High Park , Colorado Thick clouds of smoke are visible from miles around ; 1,000 personnel now involved in fight
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Chicago authorities asked Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich to issue a disaster declaration after rainfall Saturday in the Windy City broke a single-day record that had stood for more than two decades . Chicago received more than 6 inches of rain Saturday , breaking a 1987 record . The deluge flooded streets and stranded residents in their homes . Officials worked to rescue people Sunday as the city grappled with another day of drenching . O'Hare International Airport recorded 6.64 inches of rain Saturday -- breaking the all-time record of 6.49 inches set in 1987 , according to the National Weather Service . Records have been kept since 1871 . By 4:30 a.m. CT on Sunday , emergency management and law enforcement officials were reporting widespread flooding across much of northern Illinois and extreme northwest Indiana , with rainfall totals of 4 to 7 inches in certain areas , the weather service said . Commissioner John Spatz of Chicago 's Department of Water Management said the north branch of the Chicago River "  rose quickly and began to flow down the 5000 block of North Monticello , " causing flooding northward and southward . Watch how Chicago flooded before Ike 's rains arrived " In the worst-hit area , Albany Park , about 340 homes were in danger . About 40 residents were evacuated -- some of them by boat -- and taken to a shelter . About 90 billion gallons of water fell on the city 's water district , authorities said . More than 20 water department crews were out , and widespread sandbagging operations were under way . Spatz said the city 's sewer system was still "  working well . " City officials said that , in general , things were under control . Saturday 's pounding rain was not related to Hurricane Ike . Remnants of Tropical Storm Lowell , which had come in from the Pacific , got caught up with a cold front , sending a wave of moisture into the region . But on Sunday , as the remnants of Ike -- by then a tropical depression -- worked their way farther into the country 's heartland , heavy rain was expected over much of the region , including Illinois . On Sunday morning , the National Hurricane Center said flood and flash-flood watches were in effect for much of the state . But police reported no major incidents .	Records kept since 1871 say Saturday 's rain marks worst in more than century Heavy rain more related to Tropical Storm Lowell in Pacific than Gulf Coast 's Ike Commissioner : Chicago River flowed "  down the 5000 block of North Monticello " Authorities say 90 billion gallons of water fell on the city 's water district
CNN  -- Anastasia R. hates her boss , Jay , and wishes he would die . Matt B. is "  carrying a bucket round in my car cause im so hungover . " Charlie S. wants everyone to have his new personal phone number . And all of them shared these updates on Facebook . These ill-considered posts , and dozens more , are being collected on We Know What You 're Doing , a new website created by an 18-year-old student and Web developer to raise awareness about the information people unwittingly share on social networks . The site 's search tool combs public Facebook statuses for words and phrases such as "  hate my boss " and "  hungover " to display posts under the headings , "  Who wants to get fired ? " and "  Who 's on drugs ? " "  I was very shocked at exactly what people reveal in their public Facebook posts , which is one of the reasons I started the site , " Callum Haywood told CNN . "  If there was no relevant data to prove the point , then the website probably would n't exist . " Facebook users feeling helpless : What 's really going on Haywood launched the site Monday afternoon . By midday Tuesday in the United States , his page had received more than 120,000 unique visitors and nearly 5,000 likes on Facebook , he said in an e-mail interview with CNN . "  I created the website to make people aware of the issues that it creates when they post such information on Facebook without any privacy settings enabled , " said the teenager , who lives in Nottingham , England . "  The people featured on the site are most likely not aware that what they post as ` public ' can be seen by absolutely anybody , and that Facebook will happily give away this information to other websites via its Graph API . " The site follows in a line of sites such as Please Rob Me , launched in 2010 , which aggregated public check-ins from social-media sites such as Foursquare and Twitter in hopes of showing people that there was a danger in alerting the public that they were n't at home . Others have aggregated silly and ridiculous Facebook status updates in the past , leading to a debate about the ethics of drawing attention to information that Facebook users may not know is public . As of early Tuesday afternoon , Haywood said he had not yet heard from Facebook or anyone featured on the site . He said he would be willing to remove any incriminating statuses from the site if contacted by the people who posted them . But that would n't remove the information from Facebook , "  so another website could easily access it , " he said . Despite years of warnings about privacy , there have been numerous publicized incidents in recent years of people losing their jobs after they posted incriminating or offensive information on public Facebook pages . Haywood said he believes his site , which as of Tuesday was showcasing more than 75 questionable , if not downright stupid , updates , helps demonstrate how often people overshare online . In case you 're pondering an alcohol-fueled Facebook rant about your boss and do n't want to appear on We Know What You 're Doing , it may be wise to visit Facebook 's privacy-settings page and make sure Control Your Default Privacy is not set to "  Public . " From there you can choose "  Custom " privacy settings to choose who can see what . You also can change who sees an individual post from your Facebook Timeline . Facebook pulls location-tracking feature	A new website collects incriminating status updates from Facebook We Know What You 're Doing went live Monday and has more than 120,000 unique visitors An 18-year-old created the site to raise awareness about oversharing on public networks
An engineer who worked for U.S. defense contractors has been charged with trying to ship restricted military documents to Iran , the U.S. attorney 's office in Connecticut said . The documents included material related to the U.S. Air Force 's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter  JSF  program as well as military jet engines Mozaffar Khazaee , a naturalized U.S. citizen who also holds Iranian citizenship , was arrested at Newark Liberty International Airport last week before he could board a flight to Frankfurt , Germany , according to a statement from the U.S. attorney 's office . His ultimate destination was Tehran , Iran . The 59-year-old engineer is accused of "  transporting , transmitting and transferring in interstate or foreign commerce goods obtained by theft , conversion , or fraud . " If convicted , Khazaee , who became an American citizen in 1991 , could serve up to 10 years in prison and pay a fine of up to $ 250,000 . Documents filed with the U.S. District Court for the District of Connecticut say investigators intercepted a shipment bound for Iran that contained 44 boxes of items marked as "  House Hold Goods " In the boxes , investigators "  discovered thousands of pages contained in dozens of manuals/binders relating to the JSF program , " including technical specifications , diagrams and blueprints detailing the inner workings of the jet 's engine . Khazaee last worked for a defense contractor in August . The documents did not name his previous employers , instead referring to them as "  Company A , " "  Company B " and "  Company C. " Israel says man spied for Iran , carried photos of U.S. Embassy Ex-Marine Amir Hekmati , jailed in Iran , says confession made under duress	Mozaffar Khazaee is a naturalized U.S. citizen who also holds Iranian citizenship If convicted , he could serve up to 10 years in prison and pay a fine of up to $ 250,000 Shipping crates contained thousands of pages of restricted documents
CNN  -- Every move scrutinized , every word analyzed : life in the electoral spotlight where a clothes selection can be as much a defining moment as policies espoused . Cindy McCain entered John McCain 's life after his return from the Vietnam War . This is life - not for the presumptive presidential nominees Sen. Barack Obama and Sen. John McCain - but for their respective wives . Michelle Obama has already been in the firing line - accused of being angry , negative and "  unpatriotic " with growing concerns she will be the target of ever more intensive attacks by conservatives as the election battle heats up . For Sen. John McCain the attacks could come on two fronts - confined not just to his current spouse , the striking , elegant heiress Cindy Hensley McCain , but those rooted in his own marital history and the other Mrs. McCain before her - a woman of more modest means who is now virtually invisible . The first Mrs. McCain was born Carol Shepp . She was also a beauty in her youth but after their marriage she suffered a terrible misfortune . In 1969 , while John McCain was a prisoner of war in Vietnam , Carol was badly disfigured in a car accident . She underwent such drastic surgery to rebuild her body that she ended up several inches shorter and a good deal heavier . For years , she struggled to recover and raise their three children but kept it secret from her POW husband to avoid adding to his ordeal . He did n't find out until he was released and they were reunited , in 1973 , but the marriage soon ran into trouble . He was 42 and Cindy Hensley was 24 when she became the woman with whom he would make a new life . He separated from his wife within months . In his memoirs , McCain writes that their break-up was caused by his "  selfishness and immaturity " ... "  The blame was entirely mine . " Carol does n't often talk to the media but she does n't think her accident or injuries ended her marriage . She told one biographer "  I attribute it more to John turning 40 and wanting to be 25 again than I do to anything else . " By all accounts , she got a generous divorce settlement and they remain on good terms . It 's an old story to the Washington press corps and one that has been largely overlooked in the course of the campaign . Whether history encourages impartial observers to see McCain in a positive light ; as a man who has publicly accepted his personal shortcomings ; or more negatively , as a man who left a long suffering spouse for a young heiress , the bigger issue is whether his marital history could or should play a part in determining his credentials to become president . And for that matter - the actions and words of a current spouse for either candidate .	Life in the spotlight for the wives of the candidates may play a number of ways Michelle Obama has been portrayed as angry , negative and unpatriotic Heiress Cindy McCain is the Republican 's second wife McCain left his first wife , Carol Shepp , after returning from Vietnam
CNN  -- With the top U.S. automakers in economic survival mode , "  Buy American " is a frequent cry among those trying to save jobs at home . Georgia trucker Douglas Sullivan says he 's concerned more about quality than the origin of a vehicle 's parts . But buying a car to benefit the U.S. economy has become an ambiguous , complicated challenge . "  How you define an American car is one of the great conundrums of this world , " said Dutch Mandel , the editor and associate publisher of AutoWeek . Fewer than half of the parts on some Big Three vehicles are made in the U.S. Looking at a Ford Fusion ? It is assembled in Mexico . The Chrysler 300C is assembled in Canada , but its transmission is from Indiana ; the brand 's V-8 engine is made in Mexico . Engines in the Chevrolet Equinox sport utility vehicle are from China . On the other hand , Toyota 's Camry is comprised 80 percent of parts made in the United States , and 56 percent of Toyota 's vehicles sold in the U.S. also are made here , according to Toyota spokeswoman Sona Iliffe-Moon . The Toyota Sienna and Tundra also have 80 percent of their parts manufactured in the U.S. "  When you have manufacturers from around the world building cars in the U.S. with 85 percent domestic content -- engine , transmission , assembly -- is that an American car ? " Mandel asked . Or , he asks , is it considered foreign because the profits go back to a foreign country ? "  It 's truly a global industry , " said Thomas Klier , a Chicago , Illinois , economist who co-authored "  Who Really Made Your Car ? " an encyclopedic analysis of the auto industry melting pot . Watch how U.S. auto woes affect Asia " "  When you think of buying American , you should focus on three points -- its engine , transmission and where it was assembled , " Klier said . To get that information , read a vehicle 's window sticker . U.S. automakers are legally required to detail the origin of a car 's parts and its final assembly point . "  Unfortunately , there are few people who know about the sticker or even bother to look at it , " said Bernard Swiecki , a senior project manager at the nonprofit Center for Automotive Research in Michigan , which follows trends in the industry . The sticker 's details were news to Douglas Sullivan , 43 , a truck driver from Snellville , Georgia . Though he prefers foreign brands , believing them to be of higher quality , he said he used to favor U.S. brands because he wanted to support American workers . "  I wanted to keep the jobs right here , " Sullivan said . Swiecki said many people think about image of a brand , rather than the way that brand has evolved over decades as the market has grown more diverse and competitive . "  They will think , ` I 'm buying a GM , I 'm getting an American car , ' " Swiecki said . Foreign car manufacturers generate billions of dollars in jobs and community infrastructure in the U.S. , but there is a difference between Detroit 's economic footprint and that of its foreign rivals . The Center for Automotive Research says Detroit 's Big Three employed almost 240,000 people in the U.S. at the end of 2007 . Foreign makers had about 113,00 U.S. employees at the time . Watch UAW leader 's take on bailout 's failure in Senate " The key difference in how the Big Three and foreign brands support jobs in the U.S. comes outside the factories , according to a 2006 study by the Level Field Institute , a group formed by Big Three retirees in Washington . "  What 's driving the difference in jobs ... is investment in research , design , engineering and management , " Level Field President Jim Doyle said in a statement on the 2006 study . The Center for Automotive Research said the Big Three had 24,000 engineers on U.S. payrolls in 2007 . The Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association said its member companies had 3,500 U.S. research and development employees in 2007 . Level Field found that every 1,000 vehicles sold by Detroit 's Big Three in the U.S. support more than twice as many jobs as 1,000 vehicles sold by foreign nameplates . Most Americans consumers understand that the industry is global , Swiecki said , and they are more savvy than ever in purchasing vehicles . "  For the most part , gone are the days of people going to a car lot and paying a buck to take a swing of a hammer at a foreign-made car , " Swiecki said . But there are exceptions . A Savannah , Georgia , Ford dealer sold 15 cars last weekend after he ran a radio ad blaming Japan for Detroit 's financial funk . While 15 was substantially better than weekends before the ad , dealer O.C. Welch said , it was still about half of the business he did a year ago . "  All you people that buy all your Toyotas and send that money to Japan , you know , when you do n't have a job to make your Toyota car payment , do n't come crying to me , " Welch says in the ad . "  All those cars are rice ready . They 're not road ready . " Sullivan , who was at an Atlanta , Georgia , dealership Thursday to pick up his American brand minivan from the service department , said he has had a different experience . He said the vehicle has given him trouble , and whenever he replaces it , he 'll probably go with a foreign brand , regardless of whether any of the parts were made in the United States . "  What I look for is good gas mileage , and when I pay it off in four or five years , it 's still running , " said Sullivan , who has owned several American and foreign brands . "  It seems I get better quality with a foreign car . " CNN 's Jason Hanna and Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	Fewer than half of parts on some Big Three vehicles made in U.S. More than 80 percent of parts on some foreign vehicles made in U.S. Study : U.S. brand vehicles support more engineering jobs in U.S. Consumer says he prefers quality of foreign cars to American ones
CNN  When they 've met at grand slams recently , Novak Djokovic and Stan Wawrinka have n't disappointed . The two combined to orchestrate another great spectacle at the Australian Open and this time it was world No. 1 Djokovic who outlasted the defending champion to book his spot in the final . Last year , Wawrinka had downed Djokovic 9-7 in the fifth set when the pair met in the quarterfinals in Melbourne en route to breaking the stranglehold of tennis ' Big Four but the Serb prevailed Friday 7-6  1  3-6 6-4 4-6 6-0 in a match that had more plot twists than a low-budget horror movie . When Djokovic clinched the hard fought affair -- it was the fourth straight time the pair went to five sets at a grand slam -- he joined Roger Federer and Stefan Edberg as the only men in the Open Era to make five finals in Melbourne . Djokovic improved to 9-0 in semifinals and finals at the Australian Open and that includes three wins over his opponent in the final , Andy Murray . On Thursday , Murray won an ill-tempered clash against Tomas Berdych that landed the Scot 's fiancee in hot water . Djokovic 's streak appeared to be in jeopardy as the fifth set began , however . With the Serb creaking , Wawrinka erred on break point in the first game when he sent a routine backhand long . Djokovic took advantage of a deflated Wawrinka to break in the next game and did n't look back . While the duo combined to make 118 unforced errors -- to go along with only 69 winners -- there was drama aplenty and still some brilliant shot-making . "  Describe the match ? Strange , " Wawrinka told reporters . Wawrinka needed eye drops to rectify an issue in the first set and Djokovic had to be told by the chair umpire that he won the third set , such was his level of concentration . Djokovic blew a break lead in the fourth and Wawrinka hit one of the shots of the tournament -- a backhand drop volley -- to save a break point later in the fourth . On other occasions , he drew gasps from the crowd by crushing his flat , one-handed backhand . Whereas Djokovic looked solid on his serve in his previous five matches , Wawrinka broke him five times . But the Swiss not only lost his first tiebreak of the tournament -- having previously gone 5-0 -- he imploded and was thumped 7-1 . "  It was very emotional , very tense , as it always is against a top player in the semifinals of a grand slam , " Djokovic told reporters . "  Of course , judging by the last two matches we played here ... we could expect something like that , a five-setter . So the battle was great . "  It was no different this year from the previous two years in terms of , you know , fighting from both sides . The only difference was that the fifth set went completely my way . "  But , again , it was a tight first opening game of the fifth set where he had some break point opportunities , missed an easy ball . " Despite the topsy-turvy nature of the semifinal , Djokovic claimed he was content with his form ahead of the final against Murray , his longtime friend and tennis rival . "  I think I have much more positive things to reflect on in my game and then all the matches that I played so far in the tournament than the negative , " Djokovic said . "  I 'm in the finals . At the end of the day , that 's why I 'm here , you know , to try to get far in the tournament . "  Getting to the finals in any way possible is a great achievement . I 'm going to try to use that for build up of the confidence for finals . " His record against Murray in Australia -- he defeated the sixth seed in the 2011 and 2013 finals -- works in Djokovic 's favor . But then , in both of Murray 's grand slam successes , he beat Djokovic in the final . "  He 's been playing some great tennis these couple weeks , " said Djokovic . "  From my side , it 's going to be necessary to perform at my best and play the best match of the tournament if I want to win . "  Obviously it 's finals . There 's no clear favorite . But as you mentioned , the record I have in finals against him here in Australia , we played couple times , can serve maybe as a slight mental edge . But not much . "  I do n't think he 's going to feel that on the court . I 'm sure he 's going to be very motivated to win his first title here . I 'm going to , of course , give my best that that does n't happen . " Cause for concern for Serena ? Like Djokovic , Serena Williams has never tasted defeat at the Australian Open once she 's progressed past the quarterfinals . The world No. 1 holds a 16-2 record against her foe in Saturday 's women 's final , Maria Sharapova . But the 18-time grand slam winner cut short a first practice session Friday because she was unwell . She went on to practice later . "  I had a false start  this morning  , " Williams said in a statement . "  I was n't feeling really well . I 've been sick with a cold all week and I got better , then I got worse this morning . "  I just had to go back  to the hotel  , relax and take a nap , rejuvenate my body . I rescheduled practice for this afternoon . It went well ... I felt better . " If the second-ranked Sharapova snaps her 15-match losing streak against Williams , she would claim a first major outside Roland Garros in seven years .	Novak Djokovic makes the Australian Open final Serb defeats Stan Wawrinka in five sets in Melbourne The world No. 1 faces Andy Murray on Sunday An ill Serena Williams cuts short practice ahead of women 's final
CNN  -- Major league catcher Wilson Ramos has been "  found alive , " two days after he was reported kidnapped by gunmen , Venezuelan state TV reported Friday . Ramos was found by security forces in Montalban , a mountainous region about 60 miles from the north central Venezuelan town where he was last seen , according to a tweet posted late Friday by Communications Minister Andres Izarra . Ramos was reported by state-run VTV to be healthy and unharmed . Ramos , a rising star for the Washington Nationals as a rookie this past year , had returned to his native country to play in Venezuela 's winter league . But before his first game with the Aragua Tigers , gunmen kidnapped him Wednesday night from his mother 's home in Santa Ines in Carabobo state , a team spokeswoman said . On Thursday , authorities said that they had found the SUV they believe was used in the kidnapping and had created sketches of two of the gunmen . Prior to his release Friday , news about the federal investigation was tightly guarded . "  It 's understandable that everyone wants to know what is happening with Wilson and how the investigation goes , but remember that , in these cases , patience is key , " Tigers spokeswoman Kathe Vilera said on her Twitter account . She added that keeping the details sealed could help the investigation . "  It has all the earmarks as a targeted kidnapping : selected victim , selected location , selected time , " said Chris Voss , a kidnapping specialist for Insite Security who has handled six cases involving Venezuela and who worked for the FBI for 26 years . "  There 's an outside possibility that they thought they were grabbing another member of the family , but that 's extremely unlikely . " Kidnapping as an industry has crossed the border from Colombia into Venezuela , Voss said . "  When criminals next door show you a model of how to make money easily -- and kidnapping is usually pretty easy money -- then other kidnappers will simply ape it . " But targeting athletes and other celebrities can be a mistake , he said . "  It 's going to bring too much law enforcement scrutiny down on them ; too much international scrutiny . And media attention and scrutiny from law enforcement worldwide is bad for business . " Ramos , 24 , emerged as the Nationals ' top catcher this past season . He had a .267 batting average with 15 home runs and 52 runs batted in . Though soccer reigns in most Latin American countries , it is baseball that rules in Venezuela , which routinely feeds players to major league teams in the United States . That pipeline has been transformed in recent years because of violence . As Venezuela 's economy has stagnated in recent years , crimes such as kidnapping and murder have risen . According to the National Institute of Statistics , 16,917 people were kidnapped between July 2008 and July 2010 , or about 23 kidnappings a day . Baseball players who play professionally in the United States , whether in the major or minor leagues , are typically targeted for their money , though Ramos ' case is the first time a player himself has been snatched . Usually , a family member is held for ransom . "  Government , please do something because Venezuela is crumbling with so much insecurity while you say that Venezuela is safe , " Venezuelan baseball player Jose Castillo wrote on his Twitter account . Melvin Dorta , a Venezuelan playing professionally in the U.S. Atlantic Independent League , told CNN that there are lots of opportunities in Venezuela , but also pitfalls . Dorta has played for the Aragua Tigers and is a friend and former teammate of Ramos . "  Venezuela does have one of the best winter leagues , but it is one of the leagues where the Americans ask before going because of the insecurity and the dangers that one faces , " he said . Those dangers have led many American teams to abandon their baseball academies in Venezuela , said Arturo Marcano , a lawyer and sports columnist who co-authored a book about the recruitment of players from Venezuela . When major league teams noticed the talent sitting in places like the Dominican Republic and Venezuela , they increased their investment in the region . Instead of relying on scouts to find players , they instituted the academies to find , train and sign players , Marcano said . "  The goal is to identify the players and sign the players , and if you can do it as cheaply as possible , all the better , " he told CNN . As crime in Venezuela increased , however , operating the academies became dangerous for their managers and scouts . "  All of a sudden , with these safety issues , teams started to leave , " Marcano said . At its peak , about 16 major league teams operated baseball academies in Venezuela , he said . Today , that number is only five or six . Teams have returned to the practice of sending only scouts , and then sending promising players to academies in the Dominican Republic . Venezuelans who make it to the big leagues in the United States and return home become targets because there is a perception that they all make a lot of money , Marcano said . But for the minor leaguers and nonsuperstars in their first major league years , that is not necessarily the case . Another aspect that may have influenced the Ramos kidnapping is that players from humble backgrounds who make money in the pros often return to the rough neighborhoods where their families live . Working-class families often do n't want to leave their neighborhoods and their friends ; they may feel they do n't belong in middle - and upper-class neighborhoods . For example , Ramos was kidnapped from the home of his relatives , who had stayed in a tough area despite his success .	NEW : Ramos is healthy and unharmed , state-run VTV reports NEW : He was found by security forces about 60 miles from where he was last seen Gunmen abducted Wilson Ramos Wednesday in the Venezuelan city of Valencia
CNN  -- Luciano Pavarotti died Thursday at the age of 71 after suffering from pancreatic cancer . I-Report contributors shared their memories of the famed opera tenor . Here is a selection of those stories : Annamaria Capicchioni shared this snapshot from the 1993 Pavarotti San Marino Grand Prix in Modena , Italy . Leslie Oakley of Davenport , Florida I grew up in a small town in Kentucky where opera did n't exactly fit in the scheme of things . My family was n't at all musical either but seeing as though I took an interest in it , my parents indulged me with opera recordings . One of the first ones I received was The Three Tenors . Luciano Pavarotti was to me what Michael Jordan was to other children . He was my hero . I even did a report on him one year in high school . I can remember sitting in my room listening to his voice , closing my eyes and seeing the operas unfold in my mind . He inspired me to teach myself to sing , and I went on to win awards in high school and to sing for three professional groups out of college . Singing has enriched my life immeasurably , and I owe it all to that beautiful voice that so entranced me as a child . I have many fond memories of Pavarotti . His voice always moves me to tears . It is the feeling of being given a glimpse of the divine that I will most remember about him . My prayers and thoughts are with his family and friends . There will never be another Pavarotti . Edmund Chua of Singapore Maestro 's voice was truly a blessing . That exciting , that fascinating quality , that , sigh ... too many adjectives . Of course , there was that unforgettable personality . Personally ,  do n't know if this is a right thing to say but  I saw Italy in him , so to speak , always loving life . Knew he was fighting cancer but always thought he 'd recover . I was hoping I 'd be able to watch him live but I guess it 'll only be in the footage . He 's indeed a legend lost , a legacy remembered . ... We 'll miss him . Tina Minges of Woodland , California I never cared for opera ... then I heard Pavarotti ... and from that point I loved it . Sandra Miser of Dallas , Texas I consider him the greatest singer ever . His voice had a quality like no others . I cried going to work this morning when I heard he was gone . When I listen to his music I can disappear into the beauty of it and be a peace . He will be greatly missed . Thank goodness for CDs so that we will never be without his voice . George Wendy of Eatons Neck , New York We had the pleasure of seeing Mr. Pavarotti sing a few times . His recital with James Levine at the Metropolitan Opera House was remarkable . I could not imagine feeling more emotion from listening to someone sing . Ciao , Luciano ! Shannon Broussard of Springfield , Missouri Heaven now has a tenor for its choir . Chris Nissen of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania I heard Pavarotti perform twice in Philadelphia during the years he sponsored an operatic competition for young performers . I still have goose bumps thinking about the brilliance of those two evenings . Not only was his performance breathtaking , but his genuine joy in sharing the stage with the winners of the competition was obvious and written all over his face with a grand smile . Whenever I need to feel inspired with my own work I go and dig out my Pavarotti CDs . Bravo to the great one ! Reynaldo O. Arcilla , Philippines Even Mt. Etna wept when Luciano Pavarotti , one of the greatest opera singers of all time , died . Marelize , South Africa In the mid - '90s , Luciano Pavarotti came to South Africa and performed in the town of Stellenboch . It was a very exclusive open-air concert . The tickets were very expensive and all the rich and famous in South Africa were there . Next to the stadium is a river that runs through the town . On the night , crowds of people gathered along the banks of the river . Like me , they could not afford the concert . From where we stood we could see the beautiful mountains , see the lights of the stadium and we could not see him , but we could hear his amazing voice . I looked at the people around me , they all had an expression of sheer wonder on their faces . He gave us all a wonderful gift that night . I will never forget it ! He made us fall in love with opera ! Edgardo J. Tria Tirona , Philippines This great tenor 's death is like the dimming of a star at the break of dawn . But , as in the final strains of Nessun Dorma "  All ` alba vincero ! " - at daybreak , he -LSB- again -RSB- conquers ! The world 's loss is now heaven 's gain . Barry , New York City As a former employee of the New York Metropolitan Opera , it was my pleasure and "  thrill of a lifetime " to watch and listen to "  the Maestro " sing from the wings of the stage . I still get goose bumps thinking about that glorious voice , golden tenor . Ozonato , Kuala Lumpur Luciano Pavarotti 's death was a shock , I attended his concerts in Hong Kong  SAR  2005 . Wife Nicoletta Mantovani -LSB- and his -RSB- daughters should have courage to bear the loss . I like the power of his strength of music . He was famous during his lifetime , may he rest in the Lord . Mario Rizzotti of Lincolnwood , Illinois ARRIVEDERCI GRANDE LUCIANO !!!!!! In your honor all the opera houses in USA should have the Half-Staff Flag . Sei stato grande . Your Italian Friends that fell in love with your singing and used your singing to make ladies fall in love , will always remember you . Now you rest in peace you can say : " VINCEROOOOOOOOO . " E-mail to a friend	Opera singer Luciano Pavarotti died Thursday at his home in Modena , Italy CNN.com readers recall the tenor 's "  amazing voice " and "  strength " of music "  The world 's loss is now heaven 's gain , " one user writes
Cape Town , South Africa  CNN  -- It began as an annual festival to host local poets in and around Cape Town but thanks to the power of technology the ancient art of African story-telling is spreading around the world . A poetry collective decided to set up Badilisha Poetry Radio , which in Swahili means change . Its aim is to celebrate the spoken and written word through online radio and live performance . Broadcasting from South Africa , poet Malika Ndlovu and her colleagues are spreading their reach far beyond this corner of the continent . "  The reality is that even if you are doing fantastic work and nobody gets to read it or gets to hear you on a mic or gets to see it on a screen you might as well not be doing it , " Ndlovu said . Ndlovu says the project is the first of its kind . She explains that it is not just for fans of spoken word but also a meeting place for Pan-African poets . As well as the online radio , artists can submit work on the web and listen to others for inspiration . From South Africa to Somalia to everywhere in between there are more than a hundred pod-casts archived on the site in the hope of redefining the way people think about African poetry . Ndlovu and her team work with the poets to help them upload the audio of their work . The archive of podcasts also features the poets profile along with the text of the poem . If it 's not in English it will come with a translation for the reader . Ndlovu says until now there have not been enough spoken word role models and a lack of documentation of African poets . She hopes the group will inspire young poets and story-tellers across Africa , as well as providing them with a global stage . "  I think what also Badilisha and a range of other poetry projects are doing is rectifying mis-education , in our continent especially we 've had a very Euro-centric diet , on page and only from quite an academic perspective around what poetry is , " she explained . "  Learn from the pioneers and the skill and the trends that have been there but also what is your voice , what is your indigenous voice and the places you come from , your individuality , " she continued . South African artist changing lives with street murals The idea began as a poetry festival in 2008 before becoming an online archive and later an internet radio channel in 2010 . Ndlovu says that the festival 's reach was too small and a bigger platform was needed . The main idea behind allowing poets to upload their own podcasts was to provide a global stage for African writers , an opportunity that Ndlovu says they have n't had in the past . The group also tries to explore the poetic form as a tool for social activism and provide a space for discussion and debate through expression . "  What I believe I am is a healer , using poetry as my first medium , I come from a theater background , I sing as well and perform with musicians and video artists who do projections , so poetry for me is a very holistic , multiple medium - kind of expression , " she said . Ndlovu says when she and the other poets founded the collective a few years ago they never thought it would get as popular as it is today . She says she did n't realize there was such a need for an outlet like this . "  African poetry on the African continent is thriving , it 's the visibility and the audibility of it that is something I 'm hoping we aspire to with Badilisha Poetry Radio , " she said . "  We ca n't all fly , we ca n't all be on every stage , we ca n't all be in the media spotlight , but how do we recognize the treasure and value of what is here and what is constantly evolving , this medium is immediate , it brings it home and to the globe at the same time , " she continued .	Badilisha Poetry Radio broadcasts spoken word online from Cape Town The group also hosts a website for poets to upload their own podcasts The organizers hope to give aspiring young poets a platform to showcase their work
CNN  -- It is a question that the global community is seeking to understand as the crisis in Iraq and Syria deepens . How can such a numerically small force as ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , have taken control of vast swathes of Syria and Iraq , and how can it hold the ground taken while simultaneously conducting multiple offensive actions in both countries ? The most recent CIA estimate in September 2014 put the total number of ISIS fighters in Iraq and Syria at between 20,000 and 31,500 . But such numbers , while alarming , are not nearly enough to explain the stunning military successes the group has enjoyed . ISIS is at heart a guerrilla army that has recently captured large stocks of modern and heavy weaponry . While the equipment that makes headlines is war planes , captured tanks , heavy artillery and American-made Humvees , most ISIS fighters are still armed with the same mix of Soviet-era small arms and American M16/M4 pattern rifles that their Iraqi , Kurdish and Syrian opponents rely on . Much of the heavy equipment ISIS has at its disposal was captured during their lightning advance into Iraq , not before . It is not the core reason for their battlefield successes . However , what it does do is make planning any battle against ISIS forces an uncertain exercise because one may have to face weapons and vehicles from right across the capability spectrum . When it comes to offensives against prepared positions , ISIS forces can certainly deploy heavy artillery , modern weapons and tanks that give it greatly enhanced capabilities and completely outgun Kurdish Peshmerga forces in particular . Unconfirmed reports have suggested that ISIS even deployed a captured M1A1 Abrams in its takeover of the Mosul Dam , before eventually being driven back by repeated U.S. airstrikes . This is where airpower can make a difference since heavy artillery , tanks and armoured vehicles are vulnerable to airstrikes when concentrated in the open such as at the Mosul Dam and in the current offensive to take Kobani . What air power can not do is easily degrade or neutralize ISIS 's core advantages which are strong battlefield leadership , significant tactical autonomy and aggressive tactics . Their battlefield tactics are somewhat reminiscent of the German Blitzkrieg campaigns in the early part of World War II . They use fast , well-coordinated forces with vehicle support to attack enemy weak points in strength under the cover of long range artillery and mortar fire . A particular speciality is outflanking defensive positions and then mopping up defenders who attempt to retreat . The tactic is as much psychological as it is kinetic , and is greatly magnified by the horrendous and public brutality ISIS has systematically exhibited wherever it has gained control . Even well-motivated and equipped troops are likely to contemplate tactical withdrawals if outflanked and in danger of being surrounded by an unknown number of fanatical mass murderers with apparently superior weaponry and tactics . Where , as in Mosul , the defenders are poorly motivated , even small ISIS attacks are capable of provoking mass panic and routs . Kobani is an unusual operation for ISIS fighters in some respects , in that they appear committed to what has become a pitched battle in the open where they are vulnerable to airstrikes . Despite having surrounded Kobani and conducting aggressive and apparently well-coordinated infiltration attempts from multiple approaches , the sort of street-to-street "  meat grinder " that Kobani has become does not play to ISIS 's strengths . Against an enemy with nowhere to retreat to and air support , a numerically limited force such as ISIS that normally relies as much on psychological effects as firepower to take ground faces a tough challenge . This is just as well since on the ground , it is only the bravery of lightly armed Kurdish fighters standing between ISIS and control of the town . Airstrikes are essential but could not keep ISIS out of the town alone . In terms of defending the ground it has , ISIS appears to be efficient at quickly moving forces in strength to meet particular Iraqi and Peshmerga offensives . However , along most of the "  frontlines " across Northern Iraq and Syria , a relatively small number of ISIS forces appear capable of pinning potential attackers in their defensive lines with a combination of reputation and sporadic mortar , sniper and machine-gun fire . Given the disorganized state of the ground forces arrayed against them , and the limitations of airpower for rolling back such an enemy , this may well be enough to allow ISIS to maintain control of most of its newly declared Caliphate for a long while yet .	Justin Bronk : The number of ISIS fighters is not enough to explain the group 's success Bronk : Most ISIS fighters are armed with Soviet-era small arms , M16/M4 pattern rifles ISIS makes planning any battle against them uncertain , writes Bronk What air power can not do is easily degrade or neutralize ISIS 's core advantages , he says
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigerian aviation authorities suspended Dana Air 's operating license Tuesday as torrential rain hampered recovery efforts after a deadly weekend plane crash . "  As soon as we have concluded the recertification of the airline , if they are capable , then their license will be reinstated , " said Sam Adurogboye , a spokesman for the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority . Authorities have recovered the flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder , which are expected to help investigators determine what caused Sunday 's crash that authorities say killed at least 153 people aboard the plane and at least 10 people on the ground . Rescuers have recovered 153 bodies , including those of a woman and the baby she was clutching . But a downpour and a building on the verge of collapse impeded recovery efforts Tuesday . Rescuers said they hoped to resume work Wednesday morning . Seven U.S. citizens were aboard the flight , State Department spokesman Mark Toner said Tuesday . Officials were working to notify relatives of the dead . Two sisters from Texas , Connecticut family perish Dana Air 's Flight 0992 slammed into a two-story residential building in a densely populated neighborhood of Lagos , Nigeria 's largest city . "  The plane pushed the wall of our building in , and it hit everything , " said Kingsley Okeke , who was inside at the time . "  There was fire everywhere . " The pilot declared an emergency as the plane was on final approach to Murtala Muhammed International Airport , and witnesses said it appeared the plane was having engine trouble , said Oscar Wason , Dana Air 's director of operations . Wason identified the pilot as Peter Waxtan , an American , and the first officer as Mike Mahendra , from India . Waxtan had joined Dana Air on March 26 . He was a captain for Spirit Airlines based in South Florida from 1997 to 2009 , the airline said . He also flew for Falcon Air Express , a charter airline in Miami , CNN affiliate WPEC reported . Sisters Jennifer and Josephine Onita of Missouri City , Texas , were among those killed in the crash . They were on their way back home after attending a wedding , said their sister , Christiana Onita-Olojo . Also among the dead were six Chinese citizens who were on the plane , the Chinese Embassy in Nigeria said Monday . According to witnesses , the passenger plane appeared to be approaching the vicinity of the airport in Lagos high , its nose tilted upward , when it crashed 11 miles  18 kilometers  north of the runway , hitting the ground tail first , Wason said . The flight , which had originated in the Nigerian capital of Abuja , crashed at 3:43 p.m. in the neighborhood of Iju Ishaga , according to the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority . iReport : Images from Lagos The airplane was 22 years old and had been purchased from Alaska Airlines . It had undergone routine maintenance checkups after every 200 hours of flight , and it had been inspected three days before the crash , Wason said . Dana Air says its fleet comprises Boeing MD-83 aircraft . Boeing 's website says that model can carry 155 to 172 passengers , cover up to 2,504 nautical miles and has a fuel capacity of 7,000 gallons . The airline , which is privately owned and based in Lagos , began operations in 2008 . CNN 's Jill Dougherty and Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	Seven U.S. citizens died in the crash , the State Department says Nigerian aviation authorities suspend Dana Air 's license 153 bodies have been recovered from the crash site Pilot Peter Waxtan , a former Spirit Airlines captain , joined Dana Air in March
I 'm an American-Muslim and I despise Islamic terrorists . In fact , despise is not even a strong enough word to convey my true feelings about those who kill innocent people in the name of Islam . I hate them with every fiber of my being . I 'm not going to tell you , "  Islam is a religion of peace . " Nor will I tell you that Islam is a religion of violence . What I will say is that Islam is a religion that , like Christianity and Judaism , is intended to bring you closer to God . And sadly we have seen people use the name of each of these Abrahamic faiths to wage and justify violence . The unique problem for Muslims is that our faith is being increasingly defined by the actions of a tiny group of morally bankrupt terrorists . Just to be clear : The people who commit violence in the name of Islam are not Muslims , they are murderers . Their true religion is hatred and inhumanity . The only people terrorists speak for are themselves and the others involved in their despicable plot . They do not represent me , my family or any other Muslim I know . And believe me , I know a lot of Muslims . We hate these terrorists more than non-Muslims do . How can I say that ? Because they harm innocent people in the name of our religion and consequently we suffer a backlash because of their acts . It can be anything from a spike in hate crimes to people viewing Muslims as less than fully American because of our faith . We are the ones called to answer for the sins of people we detest . Since the Boston bombing has renewed for some concerns about Muslims , I wanted to candidly answer three questions I have been asked repeatedly over the years : 1 . Why do some Muslims commit terrorism ? I 'm not a terrorism expert but I will share the view of those I have spoken to in the Muslim community . There can be no doubt that some Muslims wrongly believe that their terrorist act is sanctioned by Islam . But to us their true motivation is not religious , but rather political . Islam is simply used by terrorists as a way to recruit support.They then engage in terrorism to bring attention to their grievances or to achieve their political agenda , just as other terror groups have done in the past . The recent statement of the Islamic militant group in the Caucasus region denying involvement in the Boston bombing makes this very point . They expressly tell us that they have a specific political agenda : "  The Caucasian Mujahideen are not fighting against the United States of America . We are at war with Russia , which is not only responsible for the occupation of the Caucasus , but also for heinous crimes against Muslims . " 2 . Why do n't Muslims denounce terrorism ? Just to be clear : American Muslims and U.S. Muslim organizations have unequivocally denounced terror attacks . Not just once , but over and over . But that does n't matter if you have n't heard it . And despite our best efforts to get this message out there , what attracts more media attention : A Muslim denouncing terrorism or footage of an explosion ? Does that mean that we will stop denouncing terrorism ? Of course not . But we will have to be more creative in our efforts to attract media coverage to make this point to our fellow Americans . 3 . Why do n't Muslims stop blowing stuff up ? I have never blown up anything , except maybe a model toy tank when I was a kid . Nor has any other Muslims I 've met in person or even on Facebook . But still we are charged by many with the task of policing a religion of more than a billion people . Although this may not change some people 's perception , statistically Muslims have not been the ones involved in most terror plots in the United States . In fact , since 1995 , 88 % of the domestic terrorist plots have been by right-wing groups , ecoterrorists and anarchists , according to an analysis by the Center for American Progress . But still , 12 % were Muslims . Believe me , we wish that number were zero . But here 's the brutal truth : Neither law enforcement nor the American Muslim community can stop every radical or criminal who happens to be Muslim . A "  lone wolf " can devise his or her evil plan in secret , making detection almost impossible . But we are trying . As L.A. County Sheriff Lee Baca testified before Congress in 2011 , seven of the past 10 al Qaeda plots in the United States were foiled by tips from the American Muslim community . And just this past Sunday , NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria that his department has a strong working relationship with the New York City Muslim community . And it 's not only American-Muslims working with law enforcement to stop radicals , but Canadians as well . Just this week we saw an Islamic terror plot prevented because of tips from the Canadian-Muslim community to law enforcement It is my hope that in time , Muslims will not be defined to my fellow Americans by the handful of terrorists , but by the millions of others who are involved in all aspects of American life . Well-known American Muslims range from former NBA star Shaquille O'Neal , TV personality Dr. Oz , U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison to police officers , teachers , judges , deli workers , cab drivers and the millions of American Muslims in between . These people , not the terrorists , are the true Muslims .	Dean Obeidallah says "  despise " is not strong enough to convey how much he hates terrorism He says Islam is being wrongly defined by a tiny group of morally bankrupt terrorists American Muslims have denounced terror over and over , he says , but public has n't heard Terrorists are motivated by politics , he says . Not one Muslim he knows supports terror
For more than two decades , Chester Nez kept silent about his role as one of the original Navajo code talkers responsible for developing an unbreakable code during World War II . His death Wednesday at his home in Albuquerque , New Mexico , at age 93 was lamented by the Marine Corps as the end of an era -- for both the country and its armed forces . "  We mourn his passing but honor and celebrate the indomitable spirit and dedication of those Marines who became known as the Navajo code talkers , " the Marines said in a statement . Nez was the last remaining of the original 29 Navajos recruited by the Marine Corps to develop the legendary code that was used for vital communications during battle . He was a teenager when he was recruited in 1942 and assigned with the other code talkers to the Marine Corps ' 382nd Platoon at Camp Pendleton . Together , they created a code , including developing a dictionary . Military authorities chose Navajo as a code language because its syntax and tonal qualities were almost impossible for a non-Navajo to learn , and it had no written form . The ranks of the Navajo code talkers swelled to more than 300 by the end of the war in 1945 . The code talkers were forbidden from telling anyone about it -- not their fellow Marines , not their families -- until their work was declassified in 1968 . The original 29 were presented with the Congressional Gold Medal in 2001 by President George W. Bush . "  In developing our code , we were careful to use everyday Navajo words , so that we could memorize and retain the words easily , " Nez told CNN in 2011 while promoting his book "  Code Talker . " "  I think that made our job easier , and I think it helped us to be successful in the heat of battle . " Still , Nez said he worried every day that an error might cost the life of an American military service member . Nez was among the code talkers who were shipped out to Guadalcanal in 1942 , where the code talkers worked in teams of two , with one relaying and receiving messages while the other cranked the portable radio and listened for errors in transmission . "  That was my first combat experience , and there was a lot of suffering and a lot of the condition was real bad out there , " he told CNN 's Larry King in 2002 . Nez also fought in Guam and Peleliu . "  When bombs dropped , generally we code talkers could n't just curl up in a shelter , " Nez wrote in his book . "  We were almost always needed to transmit information , to ask for supplies and ammunition , and to communicate strategies . And after each transmission , to avoid Japanese fire , we had to move . " The code talkers faced initial resistance from fellow Marines who did not understand who they were and what they were doing . That changed once they understood the importance of the code , Nez said . The Navajo code baffled the Japanese , who had successfuly deciphered codes used by the U.S. Army . After the war , the Japanese chief of intelligence , Lt. General Seizo Arisue , admitted they were never able to crack the Navajo code used by the Marines and Navy , according to the Navy . Nez was discharged in 1945 , but later volunteered to fight in the Korean War . After the code talkers ' exploits were declassified by the military , the group gained legendary status with books and , ultimately , a movie that was inspired by their stories . "  The recognition of the code talkers came late , but it has been good for my Navajo people . I hope that this type of recognition continues across cultures , " Nez said . The 2002 film "  Windtalkers , " starring Adam Beach and Nicolas Cage , followed the fictional account of two Marines assigned to protect two code talkers during the battle of Saipan . "  I could understand when they sent the message and received on the other end , " Nez said . "  I could understand , and I could sit there and write it down myself . I still remember it . " It was a far cry from his childhood , when he was forced to attend a boarding school and punished by the teachers for speaking Navajo , according to his book . It 's a language , though , that appears lost even to many members of his own family . "  My own children do not speak Navajo , although my daughter-in-law ... speaks it well , " he said . Nez said he decided to tell his story because he wanted to share the contributions and sacrifices of the Navajo during World War II . "  Our Navajo code was one of the most important military secrets of World War II . The fact that the Marines did not tell us Navajo men how to develop that code indicated their trust in us and in our abilities , " he said . "  The feeling that I could make it in both the white world and the Navajo world began there , and it has stayed with me all of my life . For that I am grateful . " The Navajo Nation 's flags have been ordered lowered in Nez 's honor , President Ben Shelly said . People we have lost in 2014	As a child , Chester Nez was punished for speaking Navajo Nez says recognition as a code talker came late , but was good when it did Nez was one of 29 Navajos recruited to develop the code Nez served as a code talker in the battles of Guadalcanal , Guam and Peleliu
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Chinese Internet users have come out in strong support of American data leaker Edward Snowden , with many calling on Hong Kong to refuse handing him over to the United States should an extradition request be made . The former intelligence contractor 's presence in Hong Kong , having fled his life in Hawaii in order to leak details of the National Security Agency 's Prism surveillance program , has been a hot topic on Chinese micro-blogging site Sina Weibo . Snowden 's name was one of the top-ranked current affairs topics on the site , as Internet users discussed the revelations . Users were typically supportive of the 29-year old , who is believed to still be in Hong Kong after having checked out of his hotel Monday , with many commending his courage in exposing the secret surveillance program . "  He is brave . He is a real fighter for human rights . Now he is in China , we should protect him , " wrote Beijing-based user Xiaodong Wang , a view echoed by a user named Sunflower , from Suzhou . "  Beijing should support Hong Kong to provide asylum for him . " Another user , Blue Sky , extended the greeting : "  Welcome to China ! " while Beijing-based Chow Kat described Snowden as a "  true hero . " "  I wish him the best . The situation is very tricky , " Chow Kat added . What 's next for Snowden ? Snowden 's actions in leaking classified national security information have placed him in a precarious situation in which all his "  options are bad , " he told The Guardian , the British newspaper which broke the story . "  Yes , I could be rendered by the CIA . I could have people come after me . Or any of the third party partners . " U.S. authorities have started a criminal investigation , but have not yet issued a request for Snowden 's extradition . Snowden said he had chosen Hong Kong as a refuge due to the former British colony 's record on the issue of free speech and commitment to the right of political dissent . But many observers believe Snowden has scant chance of avoiding U.S. authorities , citing an extradition treaty signed between the U.S. and Hong Kong in 1996 , shortly before the colony was handed back to Beijing . Who is Edward Snowden ? Many Sina Weibo users shared this pessimistic view of Snowden 's prospects . "  Snowden picked the wrong place to hide . He will surely be killed , " wrote user Juren , from Zhongshan , a view echoed by Beijing-based Guoxiang Wang . "  The CIA will try to kill him no matter where he hides . " A user with the handle Ponka wrote that "  China will definitely deport him , " while Taipei-based Weimang Sun thundered against the notion : "  Whoever hands him over to the U.S. imperialists will be a traitor to the nation . " Sunny Gemini , a user from Beijing , saw the scandal as highlighting the similarities between the U.S. and China , despite their different political systems . "  Any government ... is unreliable . They prefer to control everything , no matter whether a democratic or non-democratic regime . " On the other hand , the user wrote , at least in a democracy "  the media has the right to write about it and help to improve the system , " adding that similar revelations could never be made in China . Leak journalist says more surveillance revelations on the way Beijing-based user Flying to the Stars said the disclosures about the secret surveillance program were unsurprising . "  The American TV drama ` Homeland ' has long suggested this is the truth . " Xueqiao Ma and Alexis Lai contributed to this report .	Chinese Internet users have expressed support for American data leaker Edward Snowden Micro-blog users have commended his bravery and called on China to protect him Others said his prospects of escaping U.S. justice in Hong Kong were slim
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- A Yemeni freighter has become the latest commercial vessel to be attacked in the pirate-plagued Gulf of Aden , a Kenyan maritime official said Tuesday . A French frigate shadows a commercial ship leaving Djibouti harbor on its way to the Gulf of Aden . The last contact with the ship was late last week , and it was unclear exactly when the hijacking took place , said Andrew Mwangura , the head of Kenya Seafarers Association . No further details about the ship , its crew or cargo were immediately available , said Mwangura , whose organization keeps tabs on the welfare of sailors captured by the pirates . Dozens of ships have been attacked in the Gulf of Aden by pirates based in largely lawless Somalia in recent months . This has led to calls from commercial ship owners for a military blockade along the coast of Somalia to intercept pirate vessels heading out to sea . Peter Swift , managing director of the International Association of Independent Tanker Owners , said stronger naval action -- including aerial and aviation support -- is necessary to battle rampant piracy in the region . Watch more about the growing piracy problem " At present , warships from a number of countries patrol an international maritime corridor , escorting some merchant ships and responding to distress calls in the area . But the navies involved say it is virtually impossible to patrol the vast sea around the gulf . Meanwhile , a spokesman for pirates holding a Saudi supertanker loaded with crude oil has told the BBC they have not set any ransom figure . He said the group has only spoken to intermediaries of the vessel 's owners but he described them as untrustworthy . The pirate identified himself using only one name , Daybad , when he spoke late Monday to the BBC . Pirates seized the Sirius Star on November 15 in their most audacious hijacking to date . The vessel is carrying two million barrels of crude oil worth about $ 100 million . Elsewhere , the head of U.S. military operations in Africa has said he does not have any evidence that Somali pirates are connected to al Qaeda . The Africom chief , Army Gen. William "  Kip " Ward , told The Associated Press Tuesday that the chaos off Somalia 's high seas is a reflection of the country 's political chaos . Asked about alleged connections between pirates and al Qaeda , he said : "  I think that 's a concern that we all would have . " But he added that he does n't have "  any evidence that pirates have links to al Qaeda . "	Last contact with the Yemeni freighter was late last week Dozens of ships have been attacked by pirates in the Gulf of Aden Report : No ransom figure yet for hijacked Saudi supertanker Pirates seized the Sirius Star on November 15
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Brazilian filmmaker Jose Padilha knows how to get people talking . Jose Padilha 's movie "  Elite Squad " examines police violence and corruption in Brazil . The director of "  Elite Squad " stirred controversy when his action thriller premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival earlier this year . The movie tells the story of an elite police squad that employs a no-holds-barred approach when it comes to battling the drug gangs who control Rio de Janeiro 's slums , known as favelas . Told from the perspective of a member of Rio 's State Police Special Operations Battalion , or BOPE , Padilha 's film has elicited criticism for its extreme violence and what some say is a glorification of ruthless police tactics . Padilha , who co-wrote "  Elite Squad " with "  City of God " screenwriter Braulio Mantovani and Rodrigo Pimentel , a former BOPE captain , says he wanted the film to explore the roots of police violence and corruption in Brazil . The movie , which casts light on the vicious cycle of violence in Brazil , "  is basically about how the police institution turns individuals into corrupted cops or violent cops , " Padilha told CNN . "  Elite Squad , " or "  Tropa de Elite " in Portuguese , " is one of the harshest Brazilian slice-of-life movies since Fernando Meirelles 's 2002 drama "  City of God . " The violent tone of Padilha 's film contrasts sharply with other recent movies chronicling favela life . Walter Salles offers a somber look at Sao Paulo 's underclass in "  Linha de Passe , " which was released earlier this year . The film from the director of "  The Motorcycle Diaries " and "  Central Station " depicts the lives of four brothers and their mother as they struggle to overcome their circumstances . Meanwhile , Lucia Murat 's "  Mare , Nossa Historia de Amor "  2007  , or "  Mare , Our Love Story , " sets the tale of Romeo and Juliet in a Rio slum and tells the story of gang warfare through music and dance . Padilha started out making "  Elite Squad " as a documentary . But the members of the police who he interviewed for research did n't want to appear on screen so he decided to turn it into a fictional movie instead . The movie was filmed in the favelas , and people on the street offered input as the scenes were shot , Padilha said . Shooting in the slums added to the grim realism of the movie , but the undertaking was n't without its own perils . At one point during the shoot , a car containing fake guns and five crew members was hijacked by armed drug dealers .  The crew members were eventually released and a police raid ensued . Rio 's slums are , for the most part , populated by honest people striving to survive by honest means , Padilha told CNN . "  But unfortunately , favelas have small groups of heavily armed drug dealers that control the life of everyone there . They are the rulers , they are the judges and they can kill you and that 's it . " "  Elite Squad " became the focus of heated debate when it was released in Brazil last October , prompting discussions about acceptable thresholds of police violence .  The police in Brazil even went as far as trying to get a court order to ban the film . Those efforts failed , and the film went on to achieve commercial and critical success . It became the most popular film in Brazil last year and took home the Golden Bear , the top prize at the Berlin festival , in February . The drama , which raises challenging questions about the problems confronting Brazilian society , is not the first time Padilha has tackled tough issues on film . He earned acclaim for his 2002 documentary "  Bus 172 " about the true-story hijacking of a Rio bus by a former street child . "  In that documentary I told how or why the street kid became so violent and I said basically that it is the way the state restricts small time criminals -- by torturing , by killing , by putting them in crowded jails , " Padilha said . "  Elite Squad " follows a similar vein . It takes the same idea but applies it to the police . "  The bottom line is we are trying to say that the whole violence that goes on in Rio is mainly caused by ourselves and we can possibly undo that , " he said .	"  Elite Squad " tells the story of a violent special operations unit in Brazil Jose Padilha 's movie has raised debates about police brutality Padilha says he wanted to explore the roots of police corruption and violence "  Elite Squad " won the top prize at this year 's Berlin International Film Festival
CNN  -- Christopher Lloyd picked through the charred remnants of his Montecito , California , home Monday morning , resigning himself to the fact it can not be rebuilt . The "  Back to the Future " and "  Taxi " star showed ABC 's "  Good Morning America " what remained of his $ 11 million home in the exclusive celebrity neighborhood northwest of Los Angeles . "  Boy , look at that , " Lloyd said as he approached the rubble . "  All this happens in a couple of minutes . " Lloyd 's home was among dozens of homes lost in wildfires in Southern California . The "  Tea Fire " which started at the privately owned Tea Garden Estate , about a mile north of Santa Barbara 's Westmont College , ripped through an area that Oprah Winfrey , Michael Douglas , Rob Lowe and other celebrities call home . Lloyd told "  Good Morning America " that it was "  just sort of sinking in " that his home was gone for good . "  It 's amazing , its just gone , " Lloyd told "  Good Morning America . " "  Rebuilding would be -- it 's too much . You ca n't rebuild that . " The home 's windows were blown out , entire sections demolished , and piles of concrete , ashy trees and shrubbery were scattered across the property . "  You watch TV , you see these kinds of incidents happening here and there , but you look with a kind of detachment because it 's happening ... elsewhere , " he told "  Good Morning America . " "  But suddenly to be in the midst of it -- it 's a very different awareness . " Lloyd joked that he had been planning on organizing and storing memorabilia from the home , but never got around to it . "  Kind of do n't have to worry about that now , " he said .	Christopher Lloyd 's home one of dozens destroyed by California wildfires Lloyd : "  Rebuilding would be -- it 's too much . You ca n't rebuild that " Lloyd : Having home destroyed brings "  different awareness " than watching on TV
