CNN  -- In a typical , unassuming classroom at Rosemount High School in the suburbs of Minneapolis , U.S. history teacher Josh Hoekstra had a very novel idea about how the subject is taught . The 39-year-old husband and father of three has been teaching U.S. history for 13 years . He 's seen firsthand the demise of U.S. history education , now our high school seniors ' worst subject . This school year , after watching his students ' intense interest in college basketball 's March Madness tournament  rather than school  , Hoekstra invented his own teaching curriculum , called Teach With Tournaments , to transform U.S. history content into a similar competitive , student-driven tournament . "  There is no reason that teaching U.S. history in the 21st century can not be an amazing experience for all involved , " Hoekstra told me . "  Kids need to make a personal connection with the people they are studying . Kids who ` hate history ' are the ones who never were exposed to the human side of the people they are studying . " The goal of Teach With Tournaments is simple -- immerse students in the personalities and character of the great men and women of history through competition . For this school year , the tournament focused on one theme : the most courageous figure in U.S. history . Each student chose a historical figure he or she thought best embodies courage in U.S. history , from military heroes such as Alvin York to civil rights leaders such as Martin Luther King Jr. and Rosa Parks to humanitarian pioneers such as Clara Barton . Each choice was then paired off in the bracket system . Students were required to research their character 's accomplishments and then defend their choice in front of the class . Afterward , the class voted and the winners moved on to the next round , eventually narrowing the field of 64 to one champion . The genius of Hoekstra 's plan is that his students are required to use new arguments for each round . Like a good coach draws up a new game plan for each opponent , so too must students innovate and dive deeper into their research . It was n't long before their competitive juices kicked in . In the first round of the brackets , Tom Burnett , one of the heroes of Flight 93 on September 11th , lost by the slimmest of votes to U.S. Navy SEAL and Medal of Honor recipient Michael Murphy . The girl who represented Tom Burnett was in tears over the outcome . "  This is a student who had become deeply connected to the person she was researching and was overcome with emotion . To see this type of passion from a 16-year-old girl in a public high school classroom is rewarding beyond words , " Hoekstra said . Over the school year , the brackets whittled down to two final characters , the aforementioned Murphy and WWII hero and Medal of Honor recipient John Basilone . Before the final vote , Hoekstra asked his class for any last arguments . A student with special needs raised his hand and spoke on Murphy 's behalf . He praised Murphy for sacrificing his life to save his team in Afghanistan , but he said what really makes Murphy his choice was that when Murphy was in 8th grade , he defended a special needs student who was being bullied . "  For this young man a personal connection was made beyond what was in the headlines , " Hoekstra recounted . "  Everyone in that room , including myself , learned something because that one nervous student with a shaky voice was emotionally invested in the material . " One special needs student discovered what millions of our students are missing -- a deep , personal connection to American history . In the course of human history , the American story is great and unique , one filled with men and women of courage , character , and compassion . We must bring it to life for other students like Hoekstra did for his . His Teach With Tournaments innovation may very well be one of the tools . Already teachers across the country are using it , Hoekstra says , and it 's replicable for any subject or any classroom .  I came to know Josh when he called into my radio show , Morning In America . He uses some of my books in his classroom . Teachers like Hoekstra are a great influence on their students . Education expert Eric Hanushek estimates that the difference between a great teacher and bad teacher in a child 's lifetime earnings is hundreds of thousands of dollars . But more important than paychecks , a great teacher instills in his students character and a passion for self-instruction . In one of Hoekstra 's brackets , WWII hero Audie Murphy lost to Louis Zamperini , the brave prisoner of war survivor and subject of the book "  Unbroken . " The young man representing Murphy was heartbroken that he did n't win . Audie Murphy was more than just a war hero , this young man argued . At a young age , Murphy 's father left him and his family , leaving Murphy to hunt for food and provide for his many siblings . At the same time , back at his home , this particular young man was watching his own father slowly succumb to cancer . He would soon be without a father and in a similar position as the young Audie Murphy . Like great teachers do , Hoekstra was preparing this boy for more than a history exam . He was preparing him for life . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	A history teacher started using a "  March Madness " style tournament to involve students William Bennett says Josh Hoekstra injected excitement into history Students were required to pick the person they think best embodies courage in U.S. history Bennett : Hoestra prepares his students for more than a test ; he prepares them for life
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran 's supreme leader praised the uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia Friday and said they echo his country 's revolution more than three decades ago , state media reported . "  Today , developments in North Africa ,  including  Egypt , Tunisia and some other countries have a special meaning for the Iranian nation , " Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said during a Friday prayer sermon , according to Press TV . "  This is what was always referred to as the Islamic awakening created by the victory of the great revolution of the Iranian nation . " Iran 's revolution in 1979 toppled the shah of Iran and ushered in an Islamic republic . But the ferment in North Africa has been fueled by secular concerns . Protests against corruption and poor living conditions in Tunisia forced the ouster of the country 's president . Demonstrations in Egypt have called for the departure of President Hosni Mubarak . Khamenei said Tunisia 's former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali had been dependent on the United States and the Central Intelligence Agency . He called the Mubarak regime , which has diplomatic relations with Israel , a "  lackey of the Zionist regime . " He referred to Egyptians ' fight for "  dignity and honor " and said that Mubarak 's biggest transgression was to make Egypt an American tool . The Islamic Republic of Iran has been adversaries with Israel and the United States since the Iranian revolution occurred . Khamenei said Iran 's enemies have been launching a psychological war against it for the past 32 years , and he said the country 's enemies have been trying to undermine the Islamic revolution since the 2009 presidential election . President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad won a second term in what was regarded by many Iranians as a rigged election . That poll that stoked popular protests in Iran .	Iran 's revolution in '79 toppled the shah Supreme leader calls Mubarak a Zionist "  lackey " Ben Ali had been dependent on United States , Khamenei said
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As Supreme Court hopeful Sonia Sotomayor breaks ground for Hispanics , she is poised to add an exclamation point to another historic demographic shift : the move to a Catholic court . If confirmed , Sonia Sotomayor would be the sixth Catholic justice on the U.S. Supreme Court . Sotomayor was raised Catholic and if she is confirmed , six out of nine , or two-thirds of the justices on the court will be from the faith . Catholics make up about one-quarter of the U.S. population . "  It 's most unusual , " said Barbara Perry , a government professor at Sweetbriar College who was already writing a book about Catholics on the Supreme Court when Sotomayor was named as the next nominee . "  Presidents used to reserve a Catholic seat and a Jewish seat on the Supreme Court , " Perry told CNN Radio . "  Now we 've moved from a Catholic seat on the court to a Catholic court . " Of the 110 people who have served on the Supreme Court , 11 have been Catholic . Five of those justices -- Samuel Alito , Anthony Kennedy , Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas and Chief Justice John Roberts -- are currently on the court . "  It is more than a random selection process that yielded the current five Catholics on the bench , " Perry said . The five current Catholic justices were appointed by Republican presidents , which Perry notes may be a key reason why so many Catholics have joined the high court in recent years . "  It 's their tie to conservative Catholicism which made them agreeable to  Republican  presidents ' ideology , " she said . Perry sees Catholics as swing voters with a base of socially conservative principles , and therefore naturally attractive for Republican presidents . Catholic League President Bill Donohue goes further , hypothesizing that Catholics have conservative credentials on issues such as abortion , without the political baggage of terms such as the "  religious right " or "  evangelicals . " "  Is it safer to nominate a Catholic as opposed to an evangelical to get votes ? I think the answer is decidedly yes , " Donohue said . Donohue also suggests the vigorous education in Catholic schools during the 20th century produced sharp legal minds . "  I think there might be a certain kind of Catholic edge , so to speak , as a residual property of a Catholic education , " he said . Roberts , Scalia and Thomas attended Catholic school as children , as did Sotomayor . Watch more about Sotomayor 's personal history " Underlying causes aside , Perry sees the fast shift as a sign that centuries of American concern about Catholics are over . In 1985 , a lone Catholic justice , William J. Brennan , Jr. , sat on the court . A generation later , that number is poised to become six . "  What that tells is that in our politics , religion does n't matter anymore , " Perry said . Then she added : "  I do n't think our politics are ready for an Islamic justice at this point . " The current court is composed of two Jewish members -- Justices Stephen Breyer and Ruth Bader Ginsburg . If Sotomayor joins the bench , Justice John Paul Stevens would be the solitary Protestant on a court once dominated by white Protestant men . Learn about the other Supreme Court justices " Court observers wonder what , if anything , six Catholic justices would mean for Supreme Court decisions . The five Catholics currently on the bench concurred in a 2007 decision , Gonzales v. Carhart , which upheld a state ban on late-term abortions . Sotomayor has faced few abortion cases , and no tests on issues such gay rights or the death penalty . However , Donohue expects a Justice Sotomayor to lean more left than her fellow Catholics on the court . Read about Sotomayor 's record " "  I think she 's more reliably liberal , " Donohue said . Donohue said he still would like to see Sotomayor join the bench . "  Even though I 'm a conservative and she is not , there 's still a certain way that you do root for the home team , " he said .	If confirmed , Judge Sonia Sotomayor would be Supreme Court 's sixth Catholic Five current Catholic justices were appointed by Republican presidents Catholic League president says Sotomayor would lean more left than other justices
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- A crash involving two trains in central Indonesia Saturday killed 36 people and injured 26 , officials said . The crash occurred when a train traveling from Semarang in Central Java to the capital of Jakarta was struck from behind by another train headed to Jakarta from Surabaya in East Java , according to Bambang Ervan , transport ministry spokesman . Four coaches have been lifted off the track , and one remains , said Sugeng Priyono , spokesman for the Indonesian railway company . Many people were crushed in the last carriage of the first train , which was stationary when the other train slammed into it , survivors said . "  Suddenly I heard a very loud sound from behind , " said Anwar Riksono , a passenger who was sleeping when the trains crashed . "  It shook so hard and the lights went off . " A crane lifted away large pieces of the train , mangled beyond recognition . The transportation ministry says it is investigating whether the crash was caused by human or technical error .	NEW : 36 people are dead and 26 are injured Indonesia 's transport ministry says one train struck another from behind Survivors say the first train was stationary when it was struck The cause of the crash is unclear
CNN  -- Rwanda held solemn commemorations Monday to mark the 20th anniversary of the genocide in Rwanda , with many survivors overcome with emotion as they relived the trauma of the killings that left 800,000 people dead . Official mourning , which began three months ago with a flame of remembrance touring towns and villages across the small central African nation , culminated Monday with the arrival of the torch at the national genocide memorial . Wreaths were also laid in Kigali 's soccer stadium , where U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon , heads of state and European and U.S. diplomats gathered . President Paul Kagame lit a flame that will burn for 100 days , the length of time the killings lasted . At a ceremony at the national stadium , survivors of the genocide recounted their memories of the killings and of their survival . Some , sobbing and overcome with emotion , were carried outside . "  This should never happen in human history , " Ban said of the massacre . Diplomatic dispute The events also bore reminders of festering anger as a diplomatic dispute broke out over renewed allegations from Kigali of French complicity in the genocide . France said Monday that its ambassador to Rwanda had been barred from attending the events marking the anniversary . In a written statement , a spokesman for the French Foreign Ministry said Ambassador Michel Flesch , who was to represent France during the commemorative events in the Rwandan capital , had been informed Sunday night "  of the decision of the Rwandan authorities not to authorize him to take part in the ceremonies . " "  We regret this decision . However our embassies will take part today in the several ceremonies held across the world to pay tribute to the memory of the victims of the genocide , " the spokesman added . France said over the weekend that it had canceled plans to attend the ceremony after Kagame 's accusations of French involvement in the massacre . The weekly Jeune Afrique quoted Kagame as saying in an interview that both France and Belgium had played a "  direct role ... in the political preparation of genocide and participation in its execution . " The French Foreign Ministry said that France was "  surprised by the recent accusations made by the Rwandan president " and that Justice Minister Christiane Taubira , who had been due to travel to Kigali on Monday , would no longer attend the commemoration . "  These accusations are in contradiction with the process of dialogue and reconciliation that has gone on for several years between our two countries , " the ministry 's statement said . Search for closure As the 20 years are marked , many in Rwanda still are in search of closure . Niyonsenga Erick Rafiki , 24 , says he ca n't remember the night his father was killed . But he searched for answers over the years and eventually found his father 's killer . The killer , Sekamana Musa , served 10 years in prison for that murder and other crimes during the genocide . Musa said he was released after confessing . "  When I came out , I found the people we had committed crimes against , be it the mother of this boy  Rafiki  or this boy himself , " Musa said . Musa has promised to help Rafiki find his father 's body . Recently , the two men and others went to a spot where Musa believes Rafiki 's father was buried . As Rafiki watched , Musa and other men dug , hoping to find the remains so that Rafiki can give him a proper burial . "  I never had a chance to bury my parent , as his child , in a decent way , " Rafiki said . The body was n't immediately found , but they said they would continue looking . Three-month killing spree In 1994 , Hutu extremists in Rwanda targeted minority ethnic Tutsis and moderate Hutus in a three-month killing spree that left an estimated 800,000 people dead . Hutu attackers burned down churches with hundreds or thousands of Tutsis inside . In some cases , wielding machetes , they entered homes and slaughtered children and grandparents . The violence was triggered by the death of President Juvenal Habyarimana , an ethnic Hutu , in a plane crash April 6 , 1994 . The armed forces of Kagame 's Rwandan Patriotic Front eventually defeated the troops , stopping the wave of bloodletting . France , an ally of the Hutu nationalist government before the 1994 killings , has repeatedly denied any complicity in the genocide . Rwanda broke off diplomatic ties with France in 2006 , and relations were restored only three years later . Rwanda was a Belgian colony until 1962 . Last month , a Paris court sentenced former Rwandan spy chief Pascal Simbikangwa to 25 years in jail for his role in the genocide , the first such conviction in France . U.N. chief warns against repeat of Rwanda in Central African Republic Remembering -- and trying to forget -- Rwanda 's genocide , 20 years on Orphaned siblings torn apart by war reunite to create Rwanda 's Craigslist CNN 's Nima Elbagir , Laura Akhoun and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	Solemn commemorations mark 20 years since genocide began France canceled plans over weekend to send minister to Kigali on Monday This followed accusations of French involvement in the massacre by Rwanda president In 1994 , a three-month killing spree left an estimated 800,000 people dead
CNN  -- A 32-year-old man from Twin Falls , Idaho , has been charged with solicitation of rape and burglary after posting an advertisement on Craigslist seeking a man to enter his home and rape his wife , according to a Twin Falls County Court affidavit . The husband admitted to having sent e-mails to Michael Combs asking that he rape his wife , according to the arrest warrant . The ad was posted in the "  Casual Encounters " section of the website and was headlined simply , "  Want to help me , " Twin Falls Police Officer Justin Dimond said in the warrant . Combs told police that he responded to the person who posted the ad , who said his wife "  wanted to be forcibly raped as that was a fantasy of hers " and urged him "  not to stop no matter how much she resisted , " according to the arrest warrant . Police responded Saturday to a distress call from the house ; when they arrived , they found the woman holding Combs at gunpoint and arrested him , according to the warrant . She had been in the house alone while her husband was returning from Mountain Home , about 85 miles away , where he works for the National Guard , she told police . Saturday 's incident marked the second time in two days that police were called to the house . On Friday , the woman had struggled with another man who , she told police , told her that he was "  there for her , " according to the arrest warrant . That man fled after pulling the gun out of the woman 's hand , the warrant says . After the second incident , police examined the husband 's cell phone and discovered e-mails , nude photos of the body of a woman and photographs of a man 's penis that matched photographs in Combs ' e-mail , the warrant says . The man who fled has not been identified and remains at large , police said . The husband was being held on $ 100,000 bond , with a preliminary hearing scheduled for this month ; he had not yet been assigned a public defender , police said . CNN was unable to reach Combs or either the husband and wife . CNN is not identifying the couple out of concern for the wife 's safety . More from CNN Justice : Iowa mom thinks missing girls may have been ` taken ' Hospital spokesman : Victims of Alabama bar shooting improving NCAA not ruling out tough sanctions on Penn State football New York authorities charge 48 in massive Medicaid fraud	Ad was posted in the "  Casual Encounters " section of Craigslist Wife holds alleged would-be rapist at gunpoint The husband is being held on $ 100,000 bond
CNN  -- Championship leader Dani Pedrosa claimed his first pole position this season after stunning MotoGP titleholder Jorge Lorenzo with a scorching late lap at Mugello . The Honda rider will head the starting grid for Sunday 's Italian Grand Prix , having relegated his fellow Spaniard Lorenzo to second for Yamaha . Andrea Dovizioso secured the final place on the front row for home team Ducati , despite angering Pedrosa with his tactics in Saturday 's qualifying and receiving a shake of the fist during the session . "  He was trying to follow me , " Pedrosa told the MotoGP website after clocking one minute 47.157 seconds to clinch the 25 pole of his career . "  I understand his position . It was not only him , he was just one of them , but everything is alright . "  It was a hard session at the end . I could not really find a space to do a lap time -- many riders were behind me . I was not high up in the order before my last lap , but was able to do a great lap . " Lorenzo , who trails Pedrosa by 17 points in third overall , had been seeking his third pole in five attempts this year . However , motorcycling 's two-time world champion missed out by 0.069 seconds despite beating Pedrosa 's record lap time from last year . "  I was surprised by my lap time , that was really impressive and I did n't expect it , " said the Mallorcan , who won last year 's race from Pedrosa . "  I also did n't expect the lap time from Dani on the second try . I expected to be on pole , but that happens sometimes ... "  We have to try to make a good start to lead the race at the beginning because we have strong pace on the first two laps . It is going to be really difficult , as Dani and his team have improved the bike so much and he has improved his riding style . " Dovizioso , who injured his neck after crashing on Friday , sympathized with Pedrosa but said he had done nothing wrong to his former teammate . "  He complained because too many riders delayed him , but I can understand him because he was fast and wanted a clear track to try and do the best , " the 27-year-old Italian said . "  But when you have n't disrupted his fast lap , he ca n't say anything . " Britain 's Cal Crutchlow heads the second row in fourth for Monster Yamaha Tech 3 , ahead of Germany 's Stefan Bradl on a Honda LCR . Pedrosa 's new Honda Repsol teammate Marc Marquez will start back in sixth after three crashes in the past two days meant he did not qualify in the top-10 and had to go through the eliminator for the first time in his rookie season . The 20-year-old is the only rider to have finished on the podium in all four races , and trails Pedrosa by six points in the standings . "  Sixth place today was the best that we could have hoped for and I am very happy with this result , " he says , having missed out on the front row while equaling his grid position of the season-opening Qatar Grand Prix . "  At the end of qualifying I was able to put in a hot lap , but the race tomorrow is going to be difficult and tough . I wo n't be 100 % physically because I 'm bruised and sore ; my shoulder is bothering me the most and we will see how it responds tomorrow . " Marquez will start one place ahead of seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi , who had been third for Yamaha until he was bumped down the times late on . "  Unfortunately I have to start on the third row but I 'm quite happy because my pace is quite good , so I think with a good start I can do a good race , " said the Italian , who won seven times at Mugello between 2002-2008 . American Nicky Hayden was eighth fastest on the second Ducati , with Spain 's Alvaro Bautista rounding out the third row .	Dani Pedrosa snatches pole position from MotoGP world champion Jorge Lorenzo Spaniard beats his own record time at Mugello ahead of Sunday 's Italian Grand Prix Pedrosa was angry with other slower riders for getting in his way on the track His teammate Marc Marquez battles his way up to sixth after crash-strewn practices
A safe distance from Nairobi 's Westgate Mall , several Kenyans stare through a stand of trees at the site of one of the nation 's worst terrorist attacks . The opulent mall has proudly stood for six years -- like a glittering city within a city in the popular enclave of Westlands , about 15 miles from slums where residents struggle daily to survive . But Saturday 's attack by Al-Shabaab terrorists has left dozens dead , turning the 350,000 square foot , five-story shopping complex into a symbol of a very different kind . Related story : Kenya mall shooting enters fourth day Among the onlookers Tuesday gathered at a cordoned off area near the scene of the attack , cab driver Benjamin Kamau said he does n't feel safe anymore . The tragedy has shaken him . It will take a long time to return to any sense of safety or normalcy . Westgate Mall has made its name as a place to see and be seen -- where shoppers sipped frozen yogurt , caught a movie and shopped for the latest fashions amid an extravagant waterfall and casino . For the nation 's wealthy , it was a taste of the West in their own backyard : 80 stores including Samsung , Nike and Adidas -- lined its pristine , peach colored marble hallways . For Kenya 's expatriate community , the mall was a taste of familiarity in a land far from home . Related story : Kenya tourism suffers another blow Now , pools of blood have smeared once shiny floors . Coffee shops that were once filled with lively chatter have been littered with half-empty latte cups left by shoppers trying to escape with their lives . On the day of the attack , my cousin , Charles Mugo , and his two daughters , ages 6 and 3 , found themselves with about 40 other shoppers in the mall parking garage . They 'd just returned from a grocery store to pick up food for the family dog , Muthaka , when gunmen stormed in , AK-47 rifles blazing . Mugo came face-to-face with one of the terrorists , a lanky , 6-foot man , wearing a black scarf-like cloth on his head and magazines of ammunition around his waist . "  Just like Rambo does in the movies , " Mugo recalls . "  We 're not here to rob you , we 're here to kill you , " the gunman announced to the crowd . "  You 've been killing our women and children in Somalia . " When the gunmen demanded to know if they were Muslim , Mugo hesitated just long enough for the attackers to turn their attention to a man nearby . The man stared at them blankly when one attacker tested him by asking who the Prophet Muhammad 's mother was . They shot at him -- the bullet ripping through his coat -- but leaving him unharmed . The interaction lasted long enough for Mugo to push his two girls under a parked car , and for him to stoop low behind it . They waited , and waited . "  Girls , did you pray today ? " he whispered . "  I 've prayed five times already , " the older daughter told him . "  I do n't want to die today . " Ninety minutes passed . By then , the gunshots did not sound as close . They felt confident enough to make a run for safety . "  Westgate bad , blood , " the younger daughter told me later . She showed me scratches on her face from laying flat on the ground . "  I ran , ran , ran . " Eventually , the Mugos escaped unharmed . Kenyans and foreigners died in attacks scattered across the complex . It was the deadliest terror attack in Kenya since al Qaeda blew up the U.S. Embassy there in 1998 , killing 213 people . Terrorism experts say the attack bears eerie similarities to the 2008 siege of a hotel in Mumbai , India -- another upscale target with Western appeal . Lashkar-e-Taiba , a Pakistani terrorist group that attacked the hotel for more than three days , killing 166 people . Related story : Could Kenya mall shooting happen elsewhere ? The Nairobi attack targeted non-Muslims at a stylish mall . "  This is a soft target . It 's in a high profile area , " said CNN military analyst retired Lt. Col. Rick Francona . "  There 's going to be a lot of foreigners there , a lot of wealthy there . This is -- this was well-planned and well-thought out . " CNN national security analyst Fran Townsend said , "  There is no sort of hard perimeter by which you could screen for security purposes , and so it 's difficult to protect . " The tragedy has changed many who 've been touched by it . Four days after the attack , Mugo is still trying to sort out his feelings . "  You have to take time to let it sink in . I think I 'm still in shock , " he said . "  All I keep thinking of was what if they were different scenarios . What if I had parked at a different place . What if I had not gone to that mall . At the time , all I kept thinking was I just could n't let these girls die . " Outside the mall , the Kenyans keep watch . From a distance . Kamau , the taxi driver , shakes his head . "  I wo n't be going back in there . Never , ever , ever . " Related story : Attack ` fits the new al Qaeda playbook '	Terrorist attack changes Kenyans ' view of glamorous mall Some residents wonder if they can ever revisit Westgate Mall 's upscale stores Al-Shabaab terrorists stormed Nairobi 's fanciest mall Saturday , killing dozens Survivors reveal how they escaped death in the mall 's parking garage
HONG KONG , China -- Most people by now will be familiar with the term ` carbon footprint ' and may even have calculated it themselves , but how many are familiar with their ` water footprint ' ? Professor Arjen Y. Hoekstra , the creator of the ` water footprint ' concept . It 's about time we all learned what it is , says Professor Arjen Y. Hoekstra , Professor in Multidisciplinary Water Management at the University of Twente in the Netherlands , as soon it will be influencing how we live our lives . Hoekstra created the water footprint concept in 2002 when he was undertaking research on what is known as virtual water trade flows for the UNESCO-IHE Institute for Water Education . CNN finds out what it is and why it 's important . CNN : So , what is a water footprint ? Hoekstra : It relates to how much water is being used to make a product , but it also refers to where that water is being used and when that water is being used . This is about the water use in different parts of the world to make products for businesses and individuals , so this enables an impact assessment and a formulation of policy to improve the water sustainability of these products . CNN : What can businesses or individuals do to save on water ? Hoekstra : Businesses or individuals can become "  water neutral " by reducing the effects of their water footprints . They can have incentives for that , because once they are water neutral they can market that and consumers may like that so there are other mechanisms there . CNN : How would one go about becoming water neutral ? Hoekstra : The water footprint of a business has two components -- the water used during operations and the water used in the supply chain . In order for a product to be sustainable you have to make both operations of the business sustainable as well as the supply chain . A product from a business is water neutral if the business has made sure that the operations are sound , that the water use has been reduced reasonably as much as possible , and the pollution has been brought to zero , but they also have to do that in their supply chain and they ca n't do that themselves because it is not their own business . So , they can only do that by influencing their suppliers or by changing to another supplier . And this is quite something because it means that the whole business sector and all these supply chains have to become much more transparent . CNN : What business sectors use the most water ? Hoekstra : Agriculture -- 85 percent of the world 's water usage is in agriculture , 10 percent is industry and 5 percent is in households . But these sectors are not independent because what we call the industry sector is taking so much stuff from the agricultural sector , so they are connected . It means that if the industrial sector has to reduce their water footprint it also means they have to look at their supply chain and part of their supply chain is in the agricultural sector . The agricultural sector should become more transparent . CNN : What can individuals do ? Hoekstra : There are two types of approaches . One is to substitute types of consumption articles for other ones , which take less water -- like going from a meat-based diet to a vegetarian one , which will save a lot of water . Drinking tea instead of coffee saves a lot of water . Not wearing cotton but wearing artificial fiber saves a lot of water . But this is probably limited , because people do n't shift from meat to vegetarian as they just do n't like not to have beef ; or they like cotton . So the different kind of approach is to keep the same kind of consumption pattern but when choosing cotton , or when choosing beef , choose the sound one . If you make things more transparent , by citing the precise impact of a certain article on the water system , through the water footprint , you provide that kind of information and you label it somehow , then consumers within the same category have some choice to go in the better direction . CNN : What do you think will encourage the take-up of the water footprint concept on all these levels ? Hoekstra : How nowadays can you say that your product is better than another one ? They need to have some additional quality and that can be sustainability , something that is appreciated by some consumers . I think that once in a few years we will have some companies start to go public with the fact that their products are better from a water point of view than products from another company , then governments will realize that they can do some regulation there . CNN : Which countries supply the world with the most water ? Hoekstra : North America , South America and Australia are big suppliers of water-intensive products to other parts of the world . Some parts of the world support the rest of the world in terms of water resources , by using lots of water to make export products , while other countries import those products and those importing countries relieve the pressure on their own water resources by doing so . CNN : Should countries with water resources be obliged to share them with the rest of the world ? Hoekstra : I think it is a logical development that countries start to protect their own water sources and in that sense it is good . However , you can protect it by trying to avoid the water use for export and you can also try to protect your water by allocating it to the types of use that have the highest types of value , which can be export . So protecting is kind of vital and essential and it is a political choice whether you protect it and keep it for yourself or whether you protect it and make highest benefits from it which can include export . CNN : There has been some discussion over the years about creating a global water treaty -- what would it ideally look like ? Hoekstra : I am not sure whether there is one kind of ultimate solution to freshwater problems , so I rather would look into a number of different solutions . One of the things I have proposed -LSB- is -RSB- a global water pricing protocol . There is very much consensus about the need to translate water scarcity into a price . However , water is generally not priced -LSB- as -RSB- for an individual country to start water pricing subtracts from the competitiveness of industry . You start charging for the water and products increase in price and nobody wants that . But it should be done because it is just unhealthy to put a scarce resource into a product for free . Another kind of measure that I have proposed is what I call a tradable water footprint permit system . There is an amount of water footprint for humanity and it is not shared equally . In the U.S. , the footprint per capita is two times the world average ; in other countries it is half the world average and you can imagine if everyone was going to have the same water footprint as in the U.S. -- it is impossible . So there is an equitability issue , like with C02 emissions . You have the Kyoto Protocol on tradable C02 emissions and the parallel is a tradable water footprint system . Another global agreement : We better arrange the water rights of people . There is only in the UN treaties an arrangement for a human right for drinking water . But there is also a human right for a basic food supply . And if you look at the amount of water for food that is much more than the amount of drinking water so making that more explicit and arranging that in a better way would also give more of a guarantee to people that they have a minimum water supply . Find out more about the water footprint concept here : http://www.waterfootprint.org//	Individuals can make a difference by gauging their own ` water footprint ' Agricultural sector uses up 85 percent of world 's freshwater supplies Global water treaty should include basic food-water rights for all The U.S. water footprint per capita is twice the world average
Washington  CNN  -- The FBI says it has launched an investigation into the discovery of sewing needles in four turkey sandwiches on separate Delta Air Lines flights from Amsterdam to the United States . The objects were discovered in food on planes as they were en route Sunday from Schiphol Airport in the Netherlands to Minneapolis , Seattle and two flights to Atlanta , according to Delta spokeswoman Kristin Baur . Two of the needles were found by passengers , she said , at which point Delta told all 18 flights from Amsterdam to stop serving the sandwiches . Unsavory truths about airplane food Two more needles were discovered , including one found by a federal air marshal . One passenger on the plane going to Minneapolis was injured by the needle but declined medical treatment upon landing , according to Baur . Federal agents have begun a criminal investigation , said Special Agent Stephen Emmett , an FBI spokesman in Atlanta . Gate Gourmet , which provided prepared sandwiches to Delta , said the sandwiches originated at the firm 's facility in Amsterdam . The company has been in business since 1992 . "  This is a terribly upsetting situation , " said Gate Gourmet spokeswoman Christina Ulosevich . "  First and foremost is the safety of the traveling public . There 's nothing more important to us at all than the safety of the passengers and crews . " Delta is now serving sealed prepackaged food on these flights instead of the sandwiches , and no other needles have been found , Baur said . Airline drops salads from flights in food scare The Transportation Security Administration says it notified all U.S. airlines with flights from Schiphol to the United States of the findings . "  TSA continues to closely monitor the review of the incidents as well as the security protocols being conducted by the air carrier and the airport authority , " spokesman David Castelveter said . "  Delta requires all its in-flight caterers to adhere to strict criteria in order to offer our customers the very best onboard meals , " Baur told CNN in a statement . "  The safety and security of our passengers and crew is Delta 's number one priority . " Delta says it has been in contact with the FBI , authorities in the Netherlands and Gate Gourmet and is fully cooperating with them in this investigation . Why air travel snacks matter Asked whether Gate Gourmet had taken any job action against any employee , Ulosevich said , "  We do n't have any comment . It 's part of an active investigation . " "  We are absolutely cooperating fully with federal and local authorities who are involved , and concurrent with that , we 'll be conducting our own full-scale investigation . " Ulosevich said the company provides food to other airlines , "  but we have received no other reports " of tampered products from other customers . "  We are monitoring every aspect of our operation , " she said . Have you had a bad experience with food during your flight ? Share with us in the comments below . CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	Delta says needles were found in sandwiches on four flights to the U.S. All four flights originated at Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam One passenger was injured but declined medical treatment , the airline says The food company , Delta , the FBI and authorities in the Netherlands are investigating
In the future , women may be able to buy birth control pills alongside ibuprofen and cough drops if the recommendation of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists is adopted . The group is recommending that oral contraceptives be sold over the counter without a prescription in an effort to reduce the number of unintended pregnancies in the United States . Approximately 50 % of all pregnancies are unplanned , a rate that has n't changed much in the past 20 years , according to the Guttmacher Institute , a nonprofit organization dedicated to reproductive health research . Women in their 20s are most at risk . "  Access and cost issues are common reasons why women either do not use contraception use or have gaps in use , " according to the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists . Many developed countries still require a prescription for oral contraceptives , including Canada and most of Europe , but many other countries sell the pill without a prescription even formally or informally . The movement to push birth control over the counter is nothing new , says Dr. Daniel Grossman , who volunteers as vice chairman for the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists ' Committee on Gynecologic Practice Bulletins . In the early 1990s , a paper in the American Journal of Public Health argued that oral contraceptives should be available without a prescription . What 's different now , Grossman says , is that a large body of evidence documents the safety and effectiveness of the pill , as well as research showing that women are interested in receiving it over the counter . Free contraception may prevent abortions "  I want it between the condoms and pregnancy test kits , " said Kirsten Moore , president and CEO of the Reproductive Health Technologies Project , a group advocating for reproductive freedom . "  I want it there so it 's giving the message : if you 're sexually active , use protection . " As with any drug , there are risks associated with oral contraceptives . The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists acknowledges that the pill can increase a patient 's risk of blood clots and stroke , especially if she is obese or smokes . And selling the medication over the counter would reduce the chance that a woman would be screened by a doctor . But the group also says studies have shown that women may be able to self-screen for these conditions using a simple questionnaire . The physicians group argues that the risks must be put in context with the risk of blood clots or stroke with an unintended pregnancy . "  The comparison is n't taking the pill or not taking the pill , " Moore said . "  It 's taking the pill or not taking the pill and risking becoming pregnant . " Grossman says he 's most concerned about the costs that may be associated with over-the-counter oral contraceptives . Although the Affordable Care Act requires coverage of birth control prescriptions , insurance companies may not cover over-the-counter medications . If the product is n't sold at an accessible price for consumers , Grossman said , "  It 's going to replace a prescription barrier with a cost barrier . " The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists says similar incidents show that moving birth control over the counter will probably increase use . When nicotine patches and gum went on sale over the counter , attempts to quit smoking using those products nearly doubled , statistics from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention show . And sales of emergency contraception doubled in the year after Plan B One Step "  morning-after pill " went over the counter , according to the advocacy group OCs OTC . New York schools offer morning-after pill to students Another benefit to offering birth control without a prescription is that it may provide greater access to populations that otherwise would not take advantage of these medications . "  Over-the-counter access will greatly reduce the systemic barriers , like poverty , immigration status and language , that currently prevent Latinas from regularly accessing birth control and results in higher rates of unintended pregnancy , " the National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health said in a statement . The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists hopes its recommendation will motivate a pharmaceutical company to take the next step , Grossman said . A company with a prescription medication patent would have to submit an application to the Food and Drug Administration to begin the over-the-counter approval process . In order to do that , the company needs to have research on its birth control product 's safety as an over-the-counter medication . These studies would have to prove to the FDA that the right people will choose to take the medication -- meaning otherwise healthy women who want to avoid pregnancy -- rather than the people who should n't purchase it -- meaning those at high risk of blood clots or stroke . In a statement , the FDA said it is willing to meet with any pharmaceutical company that may want to switch its product to over-the-counter status . In Philippines , a 14-year fight for birth control A few other obstacles stand in the way of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists ' recommendation becoming reality . The battle to make emergency contraception available without a prescription was long and full of political pitfalls , Moore said . The first application to allow Plan B to be sold over the counter was denied ; after about three years of debate , permission was given only for women over the age of 17 . "  Any company is looking at the way the FDA handled emergency contraception and saying , ` I 'm not taking that bait , ' " Moore said . Even if a company were to step forward , this would be "  uncharted territory " for the FDA , Grossman notes . The agency has never approved a chronic over-the-counter medication -- one that 's taken daily for an unlimited amount of time .  Although consumers sometimes take aspirin or antacids daily , they are not labeled for that kind of use . There will also undoubtedly be arguments against the recommendation , whether they stem from fears over encouraging risky behavior , concerns about about patient adherence or religious beliefs . Still , Grossman said , consumers could see birth control medications sold over the counter in less than five years . "  It is a pretty bold move on the part of ACOG , " he said . "  I really respect that the organization decided to make this statement after reviewing all the evidence . It 's not very common where you hear a physician organization say , ` We think there should be a change so that our patients do n't have to see us anymore . ' "	Physicians group recommends oral contraceptives be sold over the counter Approximately 50 % of all pregnancies in the United States are unplanned Access , cost are common reasons why women do not use contraception regularly
Mashable  -- Yesterday , Tweetie 2 for iPhone disappeared from the App Store . Its replacement , simply titled Twitter , is now available . This comes a little more than a month after Twitter acquired Tweetie from its creator , Loren Brichter . In addition to being free , the app now carries the distinction of being "  version 3.0 . " If you were expecting a big update and iPad support alongside the new name , brace yourselves ; Tweetie -- er -- Twitter has remained relatively unchanged from its prior release . That 's not a bad thing ; as we reported in our original reviews of Tweetie 2 and Tweetie 2.1 , Tweetie is one of the best Twitter experiences for any platform and , in our opinion , was the winning app on the iPhone by a wide margin . That said , check out some of the new features and tweaks that you can find in the newly rebranded app : • You can use Twitter without an account . Spy on your friends without having to actually use Twitter . • You can sign up for a Twitter account within the app itself , complete with Suggested User List . • The "  More " tab has been reorganized and popular actions have been moved to the main action bar . • Search results include Top Tweets . In acquiring Tweetie , Twitter raised the ire of its developer community , who worried about what this means for their own applications now and in the future . Twitter has argued that it needs to have an official client to improve basic user experience . Earlier this month , Twitter for Android was released and RIM launched its own Twitter application for the BlackBerry . This means that the three hottest smartphone platforms all have official Twitter clients . If you never used Tweetie , we highly recommend downloading Twitter for iPhone . It 's just a great application and now that it 's free , there 's really no excuse not to give it a try . What is your favorite Twitter client for the iPhone ? Let us know in the comments below . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The app comes a little more than a month after Twitter acquired Tweetie Tweetie/Twitter is one of the best Twitter experiences for any platform In addition to being free , the app now carries the distinction of being "  version 3.0 "
House Republican leaders were forced on Thursday to delay rolling out their bill to raise the nation 's debt limit , after conservatives complained the package failed to include deep enough budget cuts and significant changes to entitlement programs . Boehner signals GOP focus now on debt ceiling The setback comes as Speaker John Boehner prepares to wrestle with his conference over how to ultimately handle short term spending and the prospect of a government shutdown beginning on Tuesday , if Congress does not act to refill federal coffers . Boehner and his top lieutenants initially hoped to move ahead with their proposal to permit Washington to borrow more money to pay its bills while waiting for the Senate to vote on a plan -- called a continuing resolution -- to keep the government funded through mid-November . The debt package includes a lengthy list of GOP priorities , including a one year delay of Obamacare , provisions to roll back regulations on businesses , tax reforms , and approval of the Keystone XL oil pipeline . But the added items have not garnered enough support from House Republicans . "  It definitely has a lot of goodies in it . Things that arguably would grow the economy and would arguably would generate more revenue , " Alabama Republican Rep Mo Brooks told reporters , saying he was undecided on how he would vote on the plan . But he added that the issue of government spending overall must be considered . "  Washington has a spending problem and this debt ceiling bill does not address the problem , " Brooks said . Rep. Cynthia Lummis of Wyoming told CNN that she was also undecided but wanted to see deeper budget cuts on the measure . "  I came here to cut spending and to reduce the size of the federal government so when those opportunities arise I want to take advantage of them , " Lummis said . Some House Republicans questioned the strategy of skipping ahead to the debt ceiling fight before Congress resolved the question on spending and the possible shutdown . They argued the GOP still had some leverage to force a change to Obamacare on that measure . "  I think we need to focus on the CR first . I think it 's important that we complete that before we move onto the debt ceiling , " Minnesota Republican Michele Bachmann said outside the House floor . The draft plan GOP leaders had been working on was really a collection of bills previously approved by the Republican-controlled House . Leaders learned from the last bruising fight in 2011 over the debt limit that a bloc of conservatives would resist any legislation to authorize new borrowing by the Treasury , so they decided to attach sweeteners . Kansas Republican Rep Tim Huelskamp complained the GOP plan fell short of Boehner 's pledge to demand an equal amount of spending cuts for the amount of the increase in new borrowing authority . He also said it contained "  very little " in the way of changes to entitlement programs like Medicare and Medicaid for the elderly and poor . When asked early on Thursday about the scope of cuts , Boehner told reporters that "  in this bill , we have spending cuts and we have issues that will help spur more economic growth . We think the balance is correct . " House Republican leaders likely will need to modify the package . They need a unified conference because House Democrats wo n't vote for it , insisting the House should pass an extension of the debt limit without any conditions . Senate Democrats mocked the proposal . "  The House is attaching the Republican Party platform to the debt ceiling . In a week full of absurdities , this takes the cake , " Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , said in a written statement . At an event in Maryland on Thursday , President Barack Obama reiterated that he would not negotiate over the debt ceiling . As Boehner works to corral his own members on the debt limit vote he also needs to beat the clock to avoid a government shutdown . Senate Democrats are scheduled to vote Friday on the House GOP passed spending bill and are expected to strip out the provision that defunds Obamacare . Boehner indicated on Thursday that House Republicans will modify that bill and kick it back to the Senate as the clock ticks down toward the deadline . The speaker dodged questions on what specifically House GOP would tack on , but he downplayed that this move - with so little time remaining - would increase the chances of a possible shutdown . "  We have no interest is seeing a government shutdown , but we 've got to address the spending problems that we have in this town and so there will be options available to us . There 's not going to be any speculation about what we 're going to do or not do until the Senate passes their bill , " Boehner told reporters on Capitol Hill . Multiple House GOP aides and members have told CNN that there are no final decisions , but the House could add a one year delay of the Obamacare requirement that all individuals enroll in health care coverage . The administration already allowed a one year delay for corporations to provide coverage . Another possible option , one most GOP aides believe could be used , is to add a provision that repeals a tax imposed on medical device manufacturers that helps pay for part of the costs of the new health care law . On Thursday , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid called the medical device tax a "  stupid tax , " but told reporters he does n't want to deal with it as part of the stopgap spending bill . Later , a Reid spokesman clarified that the Nevada Democrat was referring not to the tax itself , but to the idea of attaching that provision to the spending bill , saying the House should pass a "  clean " spending measure . Another option under consideration is adding a provision to the spending bill that repeals federal support for health care premiums that the government covers for members of Congress and their aides . Under the Affordable Care Act , which is set to take effect in the states on Tuesday , members and their aides would obtain coverage under the new health care exchanges and the government , as their employer , would cover a major portion of that premium . Pennsylvania Republican Rep. Charlie Dent told reporters he could support a so-called "  clean " spending bill that continues funding , but warned "  if there 's going to be a relaunch it should be something that the Senate will accept before October 1st . " Boehner pushed back on the notion that continued back and forth over the measure only increases the chances of a shutdown . Though he said , "  I do not expect that to happen . "	House speaker had hoped to roll out proposal to raise U.S. debt limit on Friday Conservatives complain package does n't adequately address spending cuts , entitlements Wrangling over temporary spending bill needed to avert shutdown still raging in Congress Boehner wants to use debt bill to force Obamacare delay , add extras also favored by GOP
CNN  -- Carlos Tevez is wanted by clubs in Spain and Italy as well as England 's Premier League should Manchester United choose to show him the door when his loan deal expires at the end of the month . Argentine striker Tevez is still hoping Manchester United will offer him a new deal at the end of the month . Argentine international striker Tevez is clearly frustrated at United manager Alex Ferguson 's failure to open talks regarding a permanent transfer to the defending Champions League finalists . On Sunday Tevez ran in the direction of Ferguson and United chief executive David Gill and cupped his hands to his ears after scoring in the 2-0 win over Manchester City that left the club on the brink of another Premier League title . The 25-year-old still hopes for a positive response , but said at the weekend that he expects to leave the club at the end of his two-year loan contract Tevez 's agent Adrian Ruocco told Argentine newspaper Ole : "  He might move to Spain , Italy or stay in England . There are interested clubs from all those countries . "  He already said he would like to stay in the Premier League because he likes football in the country , so he fortunately will decide where he will play . He is lucky to have the chance to choose . " Ruocco said : "  There was no will from the directors and the coach to sign a new contract . On May 31 , he will have no club and no contract . I do n't know why , but Manchester  United  have not asked for any renewal  of the loan  nor signing him for next season . " He added : "  The directors and the coach do not seem to want him , while on the other hand fans love him . " However , Tevez 's adviser Kia Joorabchian stressed the striker would not rush to a decision over his future before the season ends . Although a permanent move to United remains a possibility , Joorabchian is also aware of interest in the former West Ham frontman . "  There 's a lot of interest in Carlos , but Carlos has always been very focused and very concentrated , " Joorabchian told Sky Sports News . "  For the respect of the team , the manager , the club , and the fans , we have to stay focused on finishing the season on a high . "  This is how he 's always been . He wants to do the best he can . He will let the season finish and then sit down and evaluate the situation . " Joorabchian indicated Tevez would "  move on and think about his own future " if there is no movement by United to sign him permanently , with a move to another English club a desirable option . "  What he wants to do is to go to a club which has real ambition , a real focus , to be champions of England , champions of Europe , champions of everywhere , " Joorabchian said . "  Obviously leaving United he would have to go to a rival in order to achieve that target . But he understands it 's not in his control . " "  I do n't want to direct , saying it 's going to be Liverpool , City , Chelsea , Arsenal , Everton , Tottenham -- whoever you can pick out -- Milan , Real Madrid , Barcelona , Juventus . "  The key is that at the present moment Carlos is a United player and he 's focused on being a United player for the rest of the season . "	Carlos Tevez wanted by clubs in Spain and Italy as well as Premier League Argentine striker still hoping current club Man Utd will offer him a fresh deal Adviser Kia Joorabchian stressed the striker would not rush into a decision
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Legendary football coach and broadcaster John Madden is retiring , he announced Thursday . John Madden appears at the TV Critics Association Press Tour in Beverly Hills , California , in 2008 . "  It 's been such a great ride ... the NFL has been my life for more than 40 years , it has been my passion -- it still is , " he said in a statement released by NBC Sports . Madden , 73 , was a Hall of Fame coach for the Oakland Raiders , but is best known to millions as an ebullient football commentator . He won 16 Emmy awards for outstanding sports analyst/personality , NBC said .	Legendary football coach and broadcaster John Madden announces he is retiring "  The NFL has been my life for more than 40 years , it has been my passion , " he says Madden is best known to millions as an ebullient football commentator
CNN  -- At least two tornadoes struck Wednesday near Flagstaff , Arizona , injuring seven people , derailing a train and damaging more than 100 homes , authorities said . One tornado caused "  about a mile of destruction , " said Sheriff Bill Pribil of Coconino County . It damaged at least 30 mobile homes , blew the windows out of about 100 homes and caused a train derailment , he said . At least seven people were injured , the National Weather Service 's Flagstaff office said . None of the injuries in Coconino County were believed to be serious , Pribil said . Both tornadoes touched down in the town of Bellemont , the National Weather Service reported . See video footage of the damage in Bellemont Lena Kent , spokeswoman for Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway , said 28 train cars were derailed and that the track itself suffered minor damages . "  It was stopped  in Bellemont  because of the tornado warning , but unfortunately , the tornado came through and actually hit the train , derailing 28 cars , " she said . No one was injured in the derailment , she said . The company hoped to get the rail lines reopened by midnight . Radar continued to show several thunderstorms in central and north-central Arizona capable of producing tornadoes with little or no advance notice , CNN Meteorologist Sean Morris said . A tornado watch continues for central and north-central Arizona until 5 p.m.  8 p.m. ET  .	NEW : Twenty-eight cars from a train derailed Tornadoes touched down in Bellemont , which is near Flagstaff The windows were blown out of about 100 homes , the sheriff said
Washington  CNN  -- The United States expressed concern Thursday about recent arrests in Zimbabwe of political and civil society activists and allegations by their lawyer that some of them were tortured . On February 19 , former Movement for Democratic Change Member of Parliament Munyaradzi Gwisai and 45 other labor union and student activists "  who had gathered peacefully to discuss recent events in Egypt " were arrested and charged with treason , State Department spokesman Philip J. Crowley said in a statement . Other political and civil society activists have also been arrested , he said . "  Gwisai 's defense attorney has reported that several of the 46 people were tortured while in custody , and we understand that the magistrate has ordered physical examinations to substantiate those claims , " he said . "  We call on the government to provide medical attention for those who need it and , if torture occurred , to take immediate action to hold the perpetrators accountable . " A ruling on the charges ' merits is to be delivered March 7 . Crowley called on the government of Zimbabwe to uphold rights spelled out under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and to ensure that those arrested are guaranteed due process . Zimbabwean authorities said the 46 people were arrested and charged with treason after they were caught watching footage of the protests that led to the ouster of Tunisian leader Zine El Abidine Ben Ali and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . "  On 16 February they held a meeting and the purpose of the meeting was to organize , strategize and implement the removal of a constitutional government of Zimbabwe by unconstitutional means , the Tunisian-Egyptian way , " prosecutor Edmore Nyazamba said last week in court . At least 12 of the activists were beaten with broomsticks on their buttocks and the soles of their feet , defense attorney Alec Muchadehama told a packed courtroom on Thursday . All 46 defendants were charged with treason , a charge that carries a death sentence in Zimbabwe . "  If watching television footage of the uprisings was treason , most Zimbabweans would be guilty of it because we watch news daily , " Muchadehama said . Robert Mugabe , 87 , has ruled Zimbabwe since independence in 1980 . Like Mubarak and Ben Ali , he has been accused of rigging elections and instituting repressive laws to tighten his grip on power . The arrests may be an indication that authorities are worried that the changes sweeping across north Africa may inspire Zimbabweans to rise up . The opposition Movement for Democratic Change , MDC , which is in a troubled unity government with Mugabe 's ZANU-PF , has called the arrests "  an abuse of state machinery by ZANU-PF to suppress the people 's views . " Mugabe 's policies over the past decade have been blamed for plunging the once-prosperous country into economic crisis . Mugabe has called for an election this year , but his political rival and leader of the MDC , Morgan Tsvangirai , has threatened to boycott the poll if a referendum on a new constitution is not held .	Allegations that some activists beaten on their buttocks and soles of their feet A ruling on the charges ' merits is expected March 7 U.S. State Department spokesman calls for "  immediate action " if torture occurred
CNN  -- While the eyes of the corporate world remain fixed on the financial markets , the boss of sportswear giant Head just needs to look skywards to forecast if business will be sunny or gloomy . A quick glance out of the office window gives chief executive Johan Eliasch insight into the about the Netherlands-based company 's sales prospects . Eliasch tells CNN that the weather has more ability to cast a shadow over business than financial markets . Read more : Sorrell : Eurozone needs leaders Speaking with CNN 's Max Foster , he said : "  If we have a particularly bad season , weather wise , it does n't matter how good the economy is , and vice versa . " After Europe 's long winter , Head reported a 13.1 % decline in sportswear sales in the first quarter of 2013 compared to the previous year . The cool weather hit the racquet sports market hard , according to a Head statement released in May . Read more : Telecom boss : Croatia needs reform Currency fluctuations and economic policies by governments and central banks are also taking a toll on the company . Eliasch says Head is "  suffering " from a depreciation in the yen , following Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and the Bank of Japan 's implementation of a $ 117 billion stimulus package to boost growth . Read more : Will Croatia benefit from the EU However , Eliasch believes the economic program in Japan will resuscitate the country 's stalled economy and says it 's probably a "  good investment . " He added : "  Over the last 15 , 20 years we 've seen the stagnation -LSB- in Japan -RSB- so I guess that 's worthwhile to suffer these currency losses -LSB- with -RSB- Japan returning to its former glory . " When asked about Europe , Eliasch said he believed the embattled continent needed to take "  painful " steps to "  reinvent " itself . But while results disappoint off the court , the summer months have brought Grandslam success on-court with British tennis player Andy Murray using a Head racquet to win Wimbledon and end Britain 's 77-year wait for a men 's singles champion . Beaten finalist and world number one , Novak Djokovic , also competed with Head equipment . And the chief executive believes this is down to the company 's "  exciting technology " in Graphene -- a lightweight and ultra-strong material . Eliasch says : "  We were always very popular with the pros in every sport that we 've been -LSB- in -RSB- . " CNN 's Oliver Joy contributed to this report .	Head reported a 13.1 % decline in sportswear sales in the first quarter of 2013 The summer has Grandslam success with British tennis player Andy Murray using a Head racquet to win Wimbledon Head CEO Eliasch believes the economic program in Japan will resuscitate the country 's stalled economy
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- Monsoon flooding has left 50,000 people homeless in Nepal and killed at least 74 people in northern India , according to officials . Monsoon rain has bought heavy flooding to southern Nepal , pictured , and northern India . The Nepalese army Thursday used helicopters to rescue residents in southeastern Nepal who were stranded on treetops and roofs after monsoon flooding forced more than 50,000 people from their homes . In northern India monsoon flooding destroyed mud huts and killed at least 74 people , officials said . The deaths were in the state of Uttar Pradesh . The latest casualties bring to more than 300 the number of people killed in India since the start of this year 's monsoon season . Nepalese officials said at least four southern villages were inundated with water after the embankment on the Saptakoshi River burst Monday . Some 40,000 people were now living in government-run relief camps ; others had gone to other villages to stay with relatives , authorities said . Nepalese Home Ministry officials said there were unconfirmed reports of deaths related to the flooding but authorities could not reach the affected areas to verify those reports . Police and army troops had been using elephants , boats and helicopters to rescue stranded villagers in Sunsari district , about 400 km  249 miles  southeast of Kathmandu , since Monday . Nepal amd India are in the midst of the annual monsoon season . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Heavy rains , flooding lash sourthern Nepal and northern India In Nepal , flooding has forced as many as 50,000 from their homes India officials say at least 74 people have died in the state of Uttar Pradesh
CNN  -- Russia 's top diplomat chided the United Nations on Tuesday for rescinding an invitation to Iran to participate in talks aimed at ending the Syrian civil war , a move that raised questions about whether any agreement could be reached at the peace conference . Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov put the blame squarely on U.N. members calling for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down , saying those nations had forced the United Nations to un-invite Iran -- a leading Syrian ally -- to the talks in Switzerland . Lavrov called it a mistake , but "  not a catastrophe , " adding that Russia and others will push for balanced talks between those representing al-Assad and the rebels . He pointed out that U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , among others , recognized publicly that Iran is an important player in resolving the Syrian conflict . Could Syria ` torture photos ' be a game-changer for peace talks ? The topic was key in one-on-one talks between Lavrov and Kerry on Tuesday . The two met behind closed doors at the Fairmont Le Montreux Palace on the shores of Lake Geneva . That meeting was followed by another that included Kerry , Lavrov , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the U.N. special envoy to Syria , Lakhdar Brahimi . They all agreed on the significance of having representatives of the regime and the rebels at the negotiating table , according to a senior State Department official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity . The four also agreed on the importance of "  beginning the long process of negotiating a transitional governing body by mutual consent , " said the official , who was not authorized to speak publicly on the issue . Kerry also briefly joined a meeting between senior U.S. officials and representatives of the Syrian opposition coalition , according to the official . The peace talks also were front and center in a telephone call between U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday . The two discussed preparations for the talks , according to a statement released by the White House . A preliminary international session is scheduled for Wednesday in Montreux , with talks between the Syrian government and opposition delegations slated to begin Friday in Geneva . According to breaking news banners on Syrian state-run television , the plane transporting the Syrian government delegation to the peace talks was prevented from refueling at Athens International Airport in Greece after landing there Tuesday , despite having the necessary permits . Later , state TV said the government 's delegation had landed in Geneva . Gruesome Syria photos may prove torture by Assad regime ` Lack of courage ' The last-minute invitation to Iran had threatened to derail the talks after the main Syrian opposition group and the United States opposed it . Louay Safi , a spokesman for the Syrian National Coalition , said Iran 's attendance would have been "  a deal breaker . " He told CNN that Ban "  did the right thing " by withdrawing Iran 's invitation . Iran , meanwhile , had already announced that it would n't be attending the peace conference because it would not tolerate any preconditions for joining the talks -- including acceptance of the framework laid out in a previous conference which foresees a transitional government . Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that the talks can not be taken seriously without Iran . "  The thing that has happened with the withdrawal of the invitation to Iran , I believe that 's unacceptable , " Medvedev said in an exclusive interview to air Wednesday on CNN 's Amanpour . "  Can someone think the Syrian problem can be seriously discussed without the Iranian factor and their account of it ? " Lavrov said Monday that Iran 's absence from the list of countries invited to the talks would make the conference "  resemble something profane , " according to Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti news agency . Moscow has been a longstanding ally of the Syrian government . And Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif told Iran 's state-run Fars News agency that he considered the situation to be unworthy of Ban . "  What disappoints us most is the lack of courage to state the real reason for the withdrawal of the invitation , " he is quoted as saying , adding that the United Nations laid the fault at the door of Iranian officials . "  It is obvious that the United States and certain other groups who have the blood of the Syrian people on their hands have put pressure on Mr. Ban Ki-moon and forced him into doing this , and he had to justify his action . " Zarif said Ban had consulted with him several times and that Iran had made clear it would not accept any preconditions for the talks , and that it would "  consider any statement to the contrary by the Secretary-General as being false . " Iran out of peace conference on Syria ` Deeply disappointed ' Ban arrived in Switzerland on Tuesday . His spokesman , Martin Nesirky , told reporters Monday that Ban , who issued the invitation Sunday , believed he had Iran 's assurance that it accepted the original Geneva declaration . "  The secretary-general is deeply disappointed by Iranian public statements today that are not at all consistent with that stated commitment , " Nesirky said . The declaration "  remains the internationally agreed framework for ending the crisis , " he said -- and without Iran 's acceptance of it , this week 's conference "  will proceed without Iran 's participation , " he added . 4 things to know about Syria The goal of the talks is to set up a transitional government to help end the violence that has wracked the country . The United Nations says more than 100,000 people have been killed in Syria since the revolt against al-Assad 's government began in 2011 . The first round of peace talks -- known as the Geneva I communiquÃ © -- calls for a transitional government and eventual free elections as part of a political settlement to end the war . Al-Assad has called for the conference to include a focus on "  fighting terrorism " in Syria . Throughout the civil war , Syria has blamed violence on "  terrorists . " In a meeting with Syria 's delegates to the talks , al-Assad directed them to preserve their nation 's sovereignty by "  preventing and rejecting any foreign interference no matter its form and context , " Syria 's state-run news agency , SANA , reported Monday . Al-Assad also said no political solution could be reached without the agreement of the Syrian people and "  first and foremost the complete cessation of terrorism " and its support by other countries , the news agency said . Syrian opposition votes to attend Geneva 2 peace talks Outside backing Western intelligence officials believe Iran has provided fighters , intelligence and communications to support al-Assad . In addition , fighters from the Iran-backed Lebanese Shiite militia Hezbollah have seen combat in Syria on the side of the government . Most outside support for rebel forces has come from the Persian Gulf monarchies of Saudi Arabia and Qatar . U.S. aid has been limited largely to nonlethal assistance such as communications gear and medical equipment , and American officials have struggled with how to back opposition groups without providing weapons to those linked to Islamic militants . How Syria talks were derailed before they started CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Shirzad Bozorgmehr , Christine Theodorou , Saad Abedine , Samira Said , Nick Paton Walsh and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Having the regime and rebels at the table is key , top diplomats say Talks ca n't be taken seriously without Iran , Dmitry Medvedev says on CNN 's Amanpour Russian foreign minister says it was a mistake for the U.N. to rescind Iran 's invitation Iran had already announced that it was not coming to the talks in Switzerland
CNN  -- The same day the man he fatally struck was laid to rest , NASCAR driver Tony Stewart 's team announced that he wo n't be racing this weekend -- though it did n't rule a return to the track soon thereafter . In a brief statement , Stewart-Haas Racing said Thursday that Stewart "  has decided not to compete " in Sunday 's race in NASCAR 's top division , the Sprint Cup Series . Jeff Burton will take his place in the No. 14 car in the Pure Michigan 400 at Michigan International Speedway . "  The driver change pertains only to Michigan , " the Stewart-Haas Racing team said . "  Stewart 's plans for upcoming Sprint Cup races have yet to be determined . " Stewart 's future outside the track is also in question , as authorities investigate the death of fellow driver Kevin Ward Jr. at an August 9 Empire Super Sprints series dirt-track race in upstate New York . Video from the Canandaigua Motorsports Park race shows two cars coming out of a turn , with Stewart 's No. 14 car sliding up the track toward Ward 's No. 13 car . The two cars get close and appear to make contact before Ward 's car hits the wall and spins out . Ward gets out of his crashed car and walks determinedly on the track toward the race cars , which had slowed for a yellow flag . Ward points a finger and appears to be yelling . One car swerves to avoid Ward on the half-mile dirt track . Stewart 's car passes close to Ward , and it appears that its right rear tire hits him . Authorities announced two days later that 20-year-old Ward , a New York sprint car driver , had died of "  massive blunt trauma . " Ontario County Sheriff Philip C. Povero said that there was no evidence at that point that a crime was committed , adding that the investigation was progressing well . Some have speculated that Stewart -- who was interviewed after the incident -- could face charges . Even if authorities do n't press charges , one person not convinced of Stewart 's innocence is Ward 's father . According to a story on Syracuse.com , Kevin Ward Sr. said that other drivers saw his son walking on the track . "  Apparently , Tony Stewart was the only one driving out there who did n't see him , " the father said , according to the report . In the same story , Kevin Ward Sr. asked the world to remember his son as a talented driver who seemingly "  slept with a smile on his face . " Hundreds joined the Ward family to remember him Thursday at his funeral at South Lewis Central School . The mourners passed a row of bouquets to get into the school , some wiping away tears as they did . Afterward , people gathered outside to release balloons that were orange and white , Ward 's racing colors . They then gave theracer one last round of applause , not because of his racing exploits but because of the young man he was . As family friend Ray Falk recalled to CNN affiliate WSYR , "  If you were n't laughing , he 'd make you laugh . " Opinion : Why Tony Stewart is n't likely to face charges in racetrack death In 2013 : Injuries as debris flies into Daytona stands during fiery NASCAR crash Jason Leffler , accomplished race car driver , dies in dirt-track accident CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Tony Stewart fatally struck dirt-track driver Kevin Ward Jr. last weekend Authorities are investigating , but no charges have been filed in the case Race team : Stewart wo n't be in the next Sprint Cup race , but he may return The announcement comes the same day as Ward 's funeral in New York state
CNN  -- European champions Barcelona claim they will sever ties with Real Madrid if their fierce Spanish rivals continue to push the "  bounds of sportsmanship . " The two clubs faced-off five times over the course of last season , culminating in two tempestuous Champions League semifinals in which players from both sides clashed on numerous occasions . Real coach Jose Mourinho was handed a five-match ban by UEFA after comments he made after the first leg of the tie , in which he claimed match officials favored Barcelona . He was also sent to the stands during the game at Real 's Bernabeu stadium after criticizing the referee . Arsenal captain Fabregas : My future still to be decided Real then claimed Barcelona 's players had play-acted to con the referee , and that Sergio Busquets made racist comments to their Brazilian defender Marcelo -- a charge UEFA later dismissed . In a press conference on Thursday Barca president Sandro Rosell warned that his club would break ties with Real if next season was again punctuated by poor relations . "  Real Madrid and FC Barcelona are ancient institutions with many supporters and aficionados , " Rosell said in a statement on the club 's official web site . "  Real Madrid crossed the line of acceptable sporting rivalry by making accusations against our club without any foundation . "  If the limits of fair play are passed once again , we shall be obliged to end our institutional relations , something we have absolutely no desire to do . "  The rivalry will continue next season but we will not allow them to go beyond the bounds of sportsmanship . " Rosell also made reference to the "  numerous provocations " made by Mourinho , pointing to the post-match press conference that landed him in hot water . The Portuguese this week appealed against his ban . He said : "  Comments by the protagonists have always served to enrich footballing debate . But this season a Real Madrid employee , its coach , also went beyond all the limits of necessary sporting rivalry . "  He even went as far as to say that our coach should feel ashamed of some of our victories . The press conference given by the Real Madrid coach after the first leg of the Champions League semi finals at the Bernabeu would certainly have made any sportsperson feel ashamed . "  He accused our club of having won titles thanks to some kind of national and international conspiracy , implicating in this conspiracy the good name of Unicef and the football authorities . " Barca 's president went on to claim the club 's season was the best in its history , after coach Pep Guardiola secured the Spanish league title to go with the club 's fourth Champions League triumph . Rosell also hinted that Barcelona would be willing to spend big if the right players became available , as speculation over Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas ' future continues to grow . "  We 'll see what happens in the transfer market . Initially , we have $ 63 million but we might use part of next year 's money too , " he said . "  Guardiola has his preferences , but he does n't talk about names , he talks about positions that should be strengthened . "  Cesc ? I guess he 'd like to join us , like a lot of players would , but we wo n't go mad and offer silly fees . Last year we offered $ 56 million for Cesc , this season his value is less . What we can offer will also depend on his salary . "	Barcelona threaten to sever ties with their great rivals Real Madrid European champions claim Real pushed the bounds of sportsmanship The two met five times last season with the Champions League ties fractious Barca say they are willing to spend big on players ahead of next season
CNET  -- When Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg recently announced a "  Like " button that publishers could place on their Web pages , he predicted it would make the Web smarter and "  more social . " What Zuckerberg did n't point out is that widespread use of the Like button allows Facebook to track people as they switch from CNN.com to Yelp.com to ESPN.com , all of which are sites that have said they will implement the feature . Even if someone is not a Facebook user or is not logged in , Facebook 's social plugins collect the address of the Web page being visited and the Internet address of the visitor as soon as the page is loaded -- clicking on the Like button is not required . If enough sites participate , that permits Facebook to assemble a vast amount of data about Internet users ' browsing habits . "  If you put a Like button on your site , you 're potentially selling out your users ' privacy even if they never press that button , " says Nicole Ozer , an attorney with the ACLU of Northern California . "  It 's another example of why user control needs to be the default in Facebook . " In the last few months , scrutiny of the privacy practices of the Internet 's second most popular Web site has reached an all-time high , with politicians threatening probes and privacy activists calling for formal investigations . In response to the outcry , Zuckerberg convened a press conference last week at Facebook 's Palo Alto , California , headquarters , where he pledged to make privacy "  simpler . " For its part , Facebook told CNET on Tuesday that the information about who viewed what pages with a Like button is anonymized after three months and is not shared with or sold to third parties . A representative acknowledged , however , that the current privacy description of Facebook 's social plugins "  is not as clear as it could be , and we 'll fix that . " Facebook 's FAQ says : "  No data is shared about you when you see a social plugin on an external website . " No mention of this data-sharing appears under the "  Information from other websites " section of the company 's general privacy policy . Publishers like "  Like " Almost as soon as Zuckerberg had finished describing the Like buttons at the F8 developer conference in April , they became a hit with Web publishers hoping for a traffic boost . Wired 's Webmonkey.com published a tutorial , a WordPress adaptation appeared , and Foursquare quickly incorporated the concept too . Facebook itself confirmed that after only a week , "  more than 50,000 sites across the Web have implemented " social plugins . SearchEngineLand.com said Like buttons are "  recommended " for virtually all Web sites ; one blogging how-to guide reported that "  small , blue Like buttons are now multiplying across the Web faster than you can say ` pandemic . ' " Marc Rotenberg , director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center , said that if his group had been aware of how the Like button was implemented , it would have raised this topic in a request for a Federal Trade Commission investigation of Facebook 's privacy practices .  The statement sent to the FTC says , in part , that social plugins "  violate user expectations and reveal user information without the user 's consent . " "  The recent Facebook changes are too complex and too subtle for most users to meaningfully evaluate , " Rotenberg said . "  And it 's not obvious that the recent announcement from Facebook has addressed all of these problems . " On the other hand , some of the Like button 's features can work only if Facebook receives the user ID and URL of the Web page being visited . That allows a custom bit of Javascript code to customize the Like button . Social plugins "  work the same basic way all widgets across the Internet do , " said Barry Schnitt , a Facebook spokesman . "  The URL of the Web page the user is viewing must be sent to Facebook for Facebook to know where to render the personalized content . " Schnitt said Facebook does not correlate pages viewed with advertising , so someone who spends a lot of time reading articles about German sports cars on caranddriver.com will not receive Porsche 911 or Mercedes C63 AMG ads on Facebook.com . "  Of course , if the user actively ` likes ' that page , then it is added to their profile and they might see a related ad on Facebook , " he said . "  We use the information to help improve the service , " Schnitt said . "  We need to see how many people see a certain Like button to know what the click-through ratio for that button is , for example . If something has a really low rate , maybe something is wrong with the site , the implementation , or our product . If it is really high , maybe something fishy is going on . " The way Facebook has implemented its Like button resembles an advertising network : Code on Facebook 's systems is executed whenever someone loads a page on , say , Mashable.com , one of the Web sites that quickly adopted the button . And advertising networks have come under significant regulatory scrutiny before , in part because they have the ability to create dossiers on what Internet users are doing across thousands or millions of different Web sites . Ozer , the ACLU attorney , said she would caution sites to be careful before adopting Like buttons : "  If an organization puts a Like button on their site , they 're potentially telling Facebook about everyone who visits their Web site , every time that person visits their Web site . " How it works Facebook wants publishers to insert an iframe or JavaScript in the HTML for their Web pages . As soon as the page is loaded , the code invokes a PHP script at Facebook.com that records information including the URL for the Web page , your IP address , and your Facebook ID  if you 're authenticated  . If a publisher uses Facebook 's Javascript API , the simpler option , here 's what the embedded Like button for CNET.com would look like : <fb:like href="cnet.com" font="tahoma"> </fb:like> © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Like button allows Facebook to track people as they switch websites Facebook 's social plugins collect the address of the Web page being visited More than 50,000 sites across the Web have implemented social plugins
NEW YORK  CNN  -- There is an industry in this country that is making billions in profit while average Americans are struggling to fill up their gas tanks . Glenn Beck says universities should share the wealth from the tax break on their endowments . It 's an industry that made an average profit of nearly 17 percent in 2007 while most Americans could barely keep up with inflation . It 's an industry whose members paid a grand total of zero dollars in tax on their endowments last year . Are you outraged ? Are you ready to call on Congress to investigate or demand that a "  windfall " tax be placed on these egregious profits ? Well put down the phone because the industry I 'm talking about is Higher Education . And make no mistake , it is an industry . The top five college and university endowments reported a combined value of over $ 100 billion at the end of 2007 . That 's five funds , a hundred billion in cash . Not a nickel in tax . Not an ounce of outrage . Harvard University , which has the largest endowment in the country , has a total of $ 34.6 billion . To put into perspective just how much money that is , consider that the largest charitable foundation in the world , the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation , has a total endowment of $ 37.3 billion . But while their financial statements may look similar , their missions are n't . The Gates Foundation is working to cure malaria , develop new tuberculosis vaccines , and stop the spread of AIDS . Most of our colleges and universities are only working to spread the radical political views of some of their professors . Let me be clear : I have absolutely no problem with Harvard or any other school having billions in cash . In fact , good for them ! I have no problem with Harvard posting an unbelievable 23 percent rate of return on their money last year . The truth is , I 'm jealous of it . I have no problem with the fact that if you project Harvard 's endowment out using their historical rate of return they would have over half a TRILLION dollars in 20 years . I do n't even have a problem with Harvard not paying one dime of tax on any of that money . What I do have a problem with -- and it 's a big one -- is how Harvard spends that money . Or , maybe it would be more accurate to say how Harvard , does n't spend that money . Schools with large endowments  at least $ 500 million  reported spending an average of 4.4 percent of their stockpiles in 2007 . Meanwhile , those same schools made an average of over 19 percent on their money . But I also have another problem , and that is how these sanctimonious institutions who are so good at complaining about the injustices of our government are nothing but really highly educated hypocrites . For what 's been estimated to be about $ 300 million a year  less than 1 percent of their endowment 's value  Harvard could completely waive tuition , room and board for every single one of their students . Instead , they announced an increase in those fees of about 3.5 percent for next year . Being a student at Harvard will now cost a staggering $ 47,215 a year . Does n't Harvard know how many millions of Americans are struggling to afford college ? Do n't they want to pay their fair share and help those who are less fortunate ? Some politicians in Massachusetts who ca n't stand to see so many billions dangling just out of their reach , have proposed a new tax on large university endowments . They do n't have a cute name for it yet , so let 's call it an "  endowment windfall tax . " Under their proposal , all endowments over a billion dollars would be taxed at 2.5 percent , a rate any wealthy individual or corporation would salivate over . The tax would net the state over $ 1.4 billion a year , which is a lot of money considering that Boston currently receives about $ 1.8 million a year from the school . So how did Harvard , which is basically the Exxon-Mobil of higher education  minus the accusations of price-gouging  , react to that proposal ? In a word , conservatively . "  You 'd be taxing success here , " Kevin Casey , Harvard 's associate vice president for government , community and public affairs complained in a quote that will soon be framed and hung in my office . "  Over time , this would put us at a real competitive disadvantage , which would drastically hurt the Commonwealth . " No Kevin , you 're looking at it the wrong way . These politicians are n't trying to hurt you , they 're just trying to level the playing field . Greater Shrewsbury Liberal Arts Community Technical College for Women down the road is struggling and here you are making billions . If they could just redistribute some of your profits to GSLACTCFW then everybody would be happy . Does anyone else find it ironic that universities overflowing with liberal professors  a 2005 study revealed that 72 percent of professors view themselves that way  embrace conservative values only when it suits them ? As a conservative , I do n't believe in taxing anyone just because they have a lot of money or are an easy target . That applies to individuals , businesses and universities . I believe that taxing success discourages success , and that 's not what America stands for . But I also believe in something else : consistency and accountability . And that 's where most of our colleges and universities fail miserably . Besides , Harvard , you 're in the wealthiest 1 percent . Is n't it time to help those who are less fortunate ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Beck says he has a problem with how Harvard does n't spend its money Universities run by highly educated hypocrites , Beck says Beck says most colleges fail on consistency and accountability
CNN  -- Months after ruling that Kentucky must recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states , a federal judge decided Tuesday that the state must conduct them as well . U.S. District Judge John G. Heyburn II on Tuesday ruled that Kentucky 's same-sex marriage ban is unconstitutional , saying it violates the U.S. Constitution 's guarantee of equal protection under the law . Heyburn 's decision -- like his earlier one -- will not go into immediate effect at least until the 6th Circuit Court of Appeals rules on the matter . The state appealed the first case , and Kentucky 's governor indicated Tuesday the state also will appeal the latest ruling . Heyburn ruled Thursday in a case brought by two same-sex couples who argued the state 's law violated their rights . "  Ultimately , Kentucky 's laws banning same-sex marriage can not withstand constitutional review , " Heyburn wrote in a 19-page opinion . He cited in part the Supreme Court 's decision last year to strike down a federal law known as the Defense of Marriage Act , which had denied legally married same-sex couples the same federal benefits , including tax breaks , available to heterosexual couples . "  Assuring equal protection for same-sex couples does not diminish the freedom of others to any degree , " Heyburn wrote . The office of Kentucky Gov. Steven Beshear said the state would appeal Tuesday 's ruling , like Heyburn 's earlier decision , "  so that the matter is fully before the 6th Circuit . " In February , Heyburn ruled that Kentucky 's refusal to recognize out-of-state same-sex marriages violates the 14th Amendment 's equal protection clause , the same rationale he used Tuesday , Beshear , a Democrat , hired outside lawyers to defend the out-of-state ban , after his attorney general tearfully refused in March to take part in any further legal challenges . Beshear contended that "  Kentucky should be part of this process " until the Supreme Court weighs in . Laura Landenwich , the lead attorney for the plaintiffs in Tuesday 's case , said her clients were elated but still "  looking forward to that day when they can wed. " "  We regret that the commonwealth will spend more money on this appeal at certainly an unnecessary taxpayers ' expense , but we 're glad that  Beshear has  already made the decision so we can continue to fight , " she said . With dozens of cases working their way through the court systems , more district judges could issue their own decisions affecting yet more states until the Supreme Court weighs in further . State-by-state : A frenzied few months on the same-sex marriage front Same-sex marriage is legal in the District of Columbia and 19 states : California , Connecticut , Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Vermont and Washington . Massachusetts was the first to make it legal , in 2004 . Worldwide , 16 countries -- and parts of Mexico -- also have laws allowing same-sex marriage and domestic partnerships . Most of the nations are in Europe and South America . Elton John : Jesus would support same-sex marriage U.S. appeals court strikes down same-sex marriage ban in major ruling Same-sex marriage +1 : Judges take cue from justices CNN 's Bill Mears and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Ruling wo n't go into immediate effect 6th Circuit Court of Appeals to consider case next Judge : Ban can not withstand constitutional review
EW.com  -- JUSTIN GRANT WADE ! Just does n't have the same ring , does it ? But that has n't stopped friends and fans of the actor -- who played the compulsive name announcer , letterman jacket wearer , and illegitimate son of Gob Bluth on "  Arrested Development " -- from mounting an online campaign to bring back Wade and his character when the show returns via Netflix in early 2013 and in the feature film to follow . Wade himself has even gotten in on the act , recording a video plea on SaveSteveHolt.com , acknowledging he has n't yet been asked to return to the show for its fourth season and assuring fans "  a portion of the profits will be going to a very good cause . " Is that cause a date and/or therapy session for Maeby and George Michael ? He also announced that he 'll be participating in an "  Ask Me Anything " session on the subReddit for "  Arrested Development " in a couple of weeks . Stay tuned ! If you could ask Wade anything , what would you ask him ? Are you on Team STEVE HOLT !? And what tertiary character  s  would you like brought back ? Tony "  Buster Bluth " Hale already registered his vote for Liza Minnelli to reprise her role as Lucille 2 . Perhaps you 're most titillated by the prospect of herpetic sexertary Kitty Sanchez  Judy Greer  . Maybe you still have n't gotten the Britishish jingle for MRF Rita Leeds  Charlize Theron  out of your head . Or perchance you 're craving a law blog from Bob Loblaw  Scott Baio  ? Sound off in the comments below . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	An online campaign has started to bring back Justin Grant Wade when "  Arrested Development " returns Wade played Steve Holt the letterman jacket wearer , and illegitimate son of Gob Bluth Wade himself has even gotten in on the act , recording a video plea on SaveSteveHolt.com
CNN  -- Egypt 's presidential elections will take place on May 26 and 27 , Egyptian media reported Sunday , citing an announcement by the country 's Presidential Elections Commission . Army chief Abdel Fattah el-Sisi announced Wednesday that he would resign and declared his candidacy in the national polls . El-Sisi , 59 , Egypt 's defense minister , had to leave the army in order to run for president . El-Sisi deposed President Mohamed Morsy of the Muslim Brotherhood , Egypt 's first freely elected leader , last year following mass protests against the latter 's rule . The officer is popular among Egyptians who supported the army 's decision to remove Morsy from power a year into his term -- seeing el-Sisi as the kind of strong man needed to end the turmoil dogging Egypt since a popular uprising in 2011 ended Hosni Mubarak 's three decades of one-man rule . But el-Sisi is reviled by the Islamist opposition , which sees him as the mastermind of a coup against an elected leader and the author of a fierce crackdown on dissent . Egypt has suffered bloody internal strife since Morsy was overthrown . Also on Sunday , unknown gunmen opened fire on a security personnel carrier in Egypt 's Sinai region , killing one soldier and injuring three policemen , the state-run Al-Ahram newspaper reported , citing a military source . The security personnel carrier was traveling on a motorway in the North Sinai town of Sheikh Zuweid , the source told the Al-Ahram Arabic news website , without elaborating . Militants based in the Sinai peninsula near the Israeli border have stepped up attacks on soldiers and policemen since Morsy 's ouster . Morsy and other Brotherhood leaders were rounded up soon after . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	Army chief Abdel Fattah el-Sisi has declared his resignation and candidacy in the national polls El-Sisi deposed President Mohamed Morsy of the Muslim Brotherhood last July Egypt has suffered bloody internal strife since Morsy was overthrown One soldier killed when gunmen open fire on personnel carrier in Sinai , source tells Al-Ahram
CNN  -- As if Sebastian Vettel 's eighth straight win was n't rubbing the opposition 's noses in it , Red Bull claimed another Formula One first by clocking the first sub two-second pit stop at the U.S. Grand Prix on Sunday . According to the British-based team 's website , no. 2 driver Mark Webber was stationary for 1.923 seconds in his one pit stop during the race at the Circuit of the Americas . The team , who secured a fourth consecutive constructors ' championship at the Indian Grand Prix in October , described the time as "  an incredible feat . " Read more : Girl power in Texas The mark surpasses Red Bull 's F1 record of 2.05 seconds set at the Malaysian Grand Prix last April -- a substantial improvement on the sport 's previous best time of 2.31 seconds set by McLaren in 2012 . "  There 's always a quicker stop out there , " the team said in April before predicting the "  magical two-second barrier " could be broken this season . Team boss Christian Horner said it had been "  an incredible team performance " at Austin . Read more : Vettel goes into the record books "  For Sebastian to achieve a new record of the most consecutive wins in a season is a fantastic performance and to be joined on the podium by Mark , who tried everything in the closing laps , gave a team a fantastic podium at the United States Grand Prix , " Horner said . "  To achieve this result in front of so many of our team partners and supporters , as well as setting a potential new pit stop record on Mark 's stop , has topped off a fantastic weekend for the whole team . "	Formula One 's dominant team set a new fastest pit stop with time of 1.923 seconds Mark Webber 's pit crew beat time of 2.05 seconds set at Malaysian Grand Prix in April Red Bull dominated U.S. Grand Prix with Sebastian Vettel taking his eighth straight win
CNN  -- For many gamers , recent news stories about potential security breaches , lost data or lifted financial information were missing the most basic , most important point : When do I get to play again ? Sony 's PlayStation Network breach was one of those things that was n't supposed to happen . And the subsequent network crash was one of those things many gamers really , really , really did n't want to happen . Sure , gamers could play locally , off-network -- as in "  by yourself . " But that can be a little like playing tennis "  by yourself . " Which potentially  if not inevitably  leads to heat exhaustion , sun poisoning , and never being able to track down where all the fuzzy little balls went . And , to some , it seemed like Sony was n't terribly forthcoming about what had happened or , during those first few days , that anything significant had happened . Those observations appear to have crossed the minds of Rep. Mary Bono Mack , R-California , and Rep. G.K. Butterfield , D-North Carolina . The PlayStation Network breach affects millions of potential young voters , so Congress got into the act , asking Sony to do some explaining . In a letter to its chairman , a House subcommittee on Energy and Commerce asked why Sony waited so long to notify customers about the breach . Reps. Bono Mack and Butterfield asked how they could be confident credit card information was n't stolen and if Sony knew the identity of those responsible . Or , to paraphrase their letter : "  Dear Sony , Come on , when do we get to play Portal 2 ? Later , Congress . " Sony has said that the network will be up this week . And here we are on Thursday afternoon , with no game . Until the network is back up and running at full strength , how are gamers dealing with the outage ? Reading ? Pointing PS3 controller at their televisions and muttering , weeping ? Practicing knife kills on mall security while clutching rubber spatulas ? "  PS3 people always talk about their hardware being better , " said Mike Pascuzzi , a 27-year-old gamer from Houston . "  So for all the Xbox people , this is hysterical to them . I 've got a PS3 and an Xbox , so I 'm in both camps . But , you see now why Xbox Live service costs money . It has that added security -- that 's part of what you 're paying for . It 's more secure , so it 's more safe . " "  Still , " Pascuzzi said , "  I took my credit card information off the Xbox servers yesterday . " Courtney Nawara works in the gaming industry and lives in Tampa , Florida . In her home she plays on a PS3 , Xbox360 and a Wii . "  Some games play better on one system or are n't available on another , " she said . "  Viva Pinata is only available on the Xbox360 . Portal 2 seemed like it would be better on the PS3 as opposed to the Xbox360 . The Wii seemed like a good idea at the time , but it hardly gets touched ever . " Nawara is still a fan of Sony but is waiting for some answers from the tech giant . "  I 'd love to know how easy it was for Sony 's security to get compromised , how much credit card information was leaked and how far back it goes , " she said . "  Like was my information from when I played Everquest over seven years ago still stored in their system ? " As impatient gamers from all over the world wistfully pick up their familiar , even comforting , ergonomic PS3 game controller , many are asking the same question Nawara is : "  I 'd also love to know what Sony is doing to prevent this from happening again . " From his Los Angeles home , Andrew Walker said he 's frustrated by the PSN outage and has been spending more time on Microsoft 's system . "  I just wish my Xbox did n't sound like a helicopter taking off when I switch it on , " he said . Walker feels a big part of Sony 's job will be getting the network back up . Another big part ? A type of digital mea culpa tour . "  Sony does need to figure some form of grand gesture back to their customers , " Walker said . "  What with SOE being hacked as well , this could be a lingering black mark against their reputation . I honestly do n't know what it will take , but they may want to look at how Apple handled the iPhone 4 antenna debacle . " Geek Out ! contacted Sony for a comment on this article but as of this publishing the company has not responded . However they have responded to Congress with a letter . When the PlayStation Network does come back online , it 'll be coming up slowly , not all at once . Sony will also fire up a "  Welcome Back " program to encourage its customers to re-embrace the PlayStation Network . Initial indications from Sony are that they 'll give current PSN customers the premium service , PlayStation Plus , free for 30 days . Current PlayStation Plus customers may also get 30 days free . Tina Tynda , the founder of Girls on Gaming , does n't need the freebies . She said she 's sticking with PSN because no matter how hard they firewall an open network , there will always be some amount of vulnerability . "  No personal information stored online is ever 100 % safe , if someone wants it bad enough . I 'm still a fan of Sony 's PlayStation Network , though , " she said . "  I 've never had the ` Red Ring of Death ' on my PS3 . " `	Playing PlayStation games offline is n't a gamer 's idea of a good time The breach makes gamers look positively at Xbox Live 's system Gamers suggest Sony give them a "  grand gesture " of good faith
1960 Maradona is born Maradona  L  and Kusturica  R  arrive at the screening of ` Maradona ' , Cannes International Film Festival 2008 . 1971 Scouted age 11 for the junior team of Argentinos Juniors 1976 Makes his professional debut aged 15 1977 Makes his full international debut for Argentina aged just 16 1979 Scores first international goal and wins the junior World Cup 1981 Transfers to Boca Juniors for $ 1.96 m. 1982 Plays his first World Cup for Argentina , scoring twice , but also getting sent off . Afterwards he is transferred to Barcelona FC for a then world record $ 9.81 m. 1983 Wins the Spanish Cup with Barcelona 1984 Transfers from Barcelona to Serie A Napoli for another record fee of $ 13.54 m. 1986 Captains Argentina to World Cup Victory , scoring two goals against England on the way , the first , the infamous "  Hand of God " and the second an incredible 50 meter run voted "  Goal of the Century " in a 2002 FIFA poll . 1987 Helps Napoli to their first Italian title 1990 Hit by paternity suit after World Cup final defeat by West Germany 1991 Fails a drugs test and is banned for 15 months . Leaves Italy in disgrace . 1992 Makes his comeback at Sevilla in Spain 1993 Heads back to Argentina with Newell 's Old Boys after disagreement with Sevilla 1994 Sent home after failing drugs test at the World Cup in the U.S.A. 1996 Books into a clinic for drug addiction . 1997 Announces retirement from football aged 37 after failing another drugs test 2000 Collapses with heart problems 2002 Moves to Cuba to try and combat drug addiction 2004 Rushed to hospital after another collapse 2005 Maradona hosts his own talk show , interviewing Pele on the opening night 2008 Emir Kusturica 's documentary "  Maradona " is shown at the Cannes Film festival	Maradona was scouted for Argentinos Juniors when aged 11 Captained his country to World Cup victory in 1986 Has battled with drug addiction and health issues in recent years "  Maradona " documentary shown at Cannes Film Festival , May 2008
Editor 's note : Over the last few weeks the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  has expanded from its stronghold in northern Syria across large swathes of western Iraq . The speed and scale of the advance has caught most observers by surprise , as have reports that put the jihadist group 's wealth as high as $ 2 billion . But just where does ISIS get the mountains of money that make it such a potent force ? Click on the flashing icons above to find out .	ISIS militants have taken over large areas of Syria and Iraq The jihadist organization is reportedly now one of the richest militant groups ever Group funds itself through donors , extortion and drug running , experts say
CNN  -- South Korea said on Wednesday it is indicting a U.S. Army private for his involvement in the biggest drug smuggling case in the country . The soldier , from the 2nd Infantry Division based in South Korea , smuggled in about $ 90,000 worth -- or 3,400 grams -- of synthetic marijuana , also known as Spice , through international mail from Hungary and the United States since last year , an official from Seoul Central Prosecutor 's office said . The official declined to be named because it is an ongoing case . The private will be transferred to South Korean custody on Monday , according to the 2nd Infantry Division of U.S. Forces in South Korea . "  Since January 2012 , the 2nd Infantry Division has cooperated fully with the Korean National Police investigation and the soldier has repeatedly been made available for questioning by the KNP and for court hearings , " the division said in a press release . "  The 2nd ID will work hard to continue reducing Soldier misconduct as we stand together with our ROK allies to strengthen the Alliance and defend the peninsula , " it said . At least five more U.S. citizens , including a former U.S. soldier , will be prosecuted in the case , and authorities said there may be more people involved in the drug ring .	Soldier accused of smuggling $ 90,000 worth of drugs from Hungary and United States It is the biggest drug smuggling case in the country Soldier will be transferred to South Korean custody on Monday At least five more U.S. citizens , including a former soldier , will be prosecuted , authorities say
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A Palestinian was killed after Israel bombed two tunnels in the south of Gaza , Palestinian medical officials said on Friday . Israel -- which also bombed a weapons storage facility in northern Gaza -- said its strike was in response to mortars that were fired into Israel and hit a government building in the southern district . A search is going on for another Palestinian thought to be in the rubble . In a statement , Israel Defense Forces  IDF  said it "  remains committed to protecting " Israeli citizens against terror . "  The IDF holds Hamas solely responsible for terror emanating from the Gaza Strip , " the statement said .	1 dead in strike on tunnel Another thought to be missing IDF says strike in response to mortar fire
CNN  -- He puts the gun to the woman 's head , pulls the trigger and watches as her body hits the floor . A World Cup-winning footballer with France and a lauded defender , Frank Leboeuf is now executing Nazi collaborators . "  It 's the first time I 've killed anybody , " Leboeuf reveals to CNN , reflecting on a dramatic career switch -- and also recent reversal in his new life as an actor . "  It 's a change as I 've been killed a couple of times . Thankfully , Leboeuf 's victim is fictional and , rather than a new life as his character Marcel Deville , a member of the French resistance , the former Chelsea defender is reflecting on a new career on the silver screen in the movie Allies . From day one , football and film were his two great passions , and both consumed him with equal force . "  The posters on my wall were Michel Platini and Jean Tigana alongside Sean Connery and Jean-Paul Belmondo , " he recalls , referring to two French football greats , a former James Bond and one of France 's great cinematic heroes . "  I think my first passion when I was younger was shared with my mother ... the movies . "  I loved watching plays as well but there was n't much chance to pursue that in a small French village but my father created a football academy in our village and that was it . " Each day , be it returning home from school or football training , the first thing he would do -- even before removing his coat -- was to plant himself in front of the television and watch a movie . "  It 's like two careers is n't it ? One for my father , one for my mother , both for me , " said the 46-year-old as he talks about the opportunity to pursue his two great loves . Leboeuf is also currently treading the boards in French theater with a role in Ma Belle-Mere , Mon Ex et Moi  My Mother-in-law , My Ex and Me  , a comedy in which he plays the role of the straight man . "  The similarity with both is that I always complain about performance in both , " said Leboeuf as he talks about the demands of professional sport and acting . "  After a match , even if we won I 'd be unhappy about a missed pass . After a play , I 'll be like ' I was s *** ' or else think how I did n't deliver a line properly . Having earned 50 caps for France and man-marked Brazilian striker Ronaldo out of the 1998 World Cup final , Leboeuf is candid enough to admit an actor 's life does n't quite give him the same adrenalin rush he experienced as a footballer . "  Films are not the same as it 's a slow process and the theater is different as it 's not like playing in front of 90,000 people . "  In this play , I have to deliver a line for the funny man and it has to be right or else his subsequent line is n't funny as it does n't make sense . "  So there 's that pressure to deliver which is maybe the same in football . You have to be precise . " His big break as a thespian came when he was still on Chelsea 's books in 2001 . Ronnie Harwood , who won the Oscar for best adapted screenplay for another World War II film The Pianist in 2002 , approached him to get involved in a film version of his play Taking Sides . The chance to act alongside Harvey Keitel and Stellan Skarsgard , planted the thought in Leboeuf 's that he might pursue an acting career when his footballing forays were over . In 2005 , he relocated to Los Angeles for acting classes and he still has a home there . It was while on holiday in the United States that he received a script for Allies , having to deliver his audition via his iPhone with his wife . To his surprise he bagged the part . "  I never thought I 'd get the part as it seemed like a bad job but I got a call to say that Dominic -LSB- Burns , the director -RSB- wanted me in the movie . " Leboeuf is not the first French footballer to have pursued an acting profession after hanging up his boots , with the former Chelsea defender following in the footsteps of Eric Cantona . The ex-Manchester United star 's English-speaking roles include a part as a French aristocrat in the 1998 movie Elizabeth , which was nominated for seven Oscars , and more recently in Ken Loach 's Looking for Eric about a postman who hallucinates that his idol , Cantona , follows him and gives him advice . "  I do n't know him , " admitted Leboeuf . "  I played against him at the end of his career when I was at Chelsea and we played in the national team , one of the last times he played for the team . "  I know his younger brother better but not him but I 've still followed his career . "  There 's obviously a parallel between what we 're doing , and he 's a great example of how to be a success from football to acting . " He might have won the World Cup and European Championship with France as well as six trophies for Chelsea , but Leboeuf is clearly a man that looks ahead rather than to his past successful sporting career . So much so that that his World Cup winners medal was in the glove box of his car for a year until his son unearthed it . A player who arrived in London in 1996 as a relative unknown on English shores for a fee of # 2.5 million from Strasbourg to become a fans ' favorite , Leboeuf still describes himself as "  Chelsea 's No. 1 fan . " "  I do n't get to Stamford Bridge to watch as much as I might like . I had to miss the Chelsea-Maribor match on TV the other night as I was on stage but the first thing I do as I come off stage is to check the scores . " His beloved Chelsea are currently top of the Premier League in England and are top of Group G in the Champions League . "  For me , at the beginning of the season , I felt the Premier League would be between Chelsea and Manchester City , and I believe it to be the same , " he adds . "  Of course , it would be more desirable if it 's Chelsea and they look good , and in the Champions League too . Of course , yes , the Double is possible . "  Jose Mourinho had asked to be given a year to get the squad he wanted and to deliver , " added Leboeuf , referring to the Chelsea manager . "  Mourinho desperately wants to win the Champions League for Chelsea and he has put himself under pressure to do that . He wants to do that to add to the Chelsea legend . " In his own way , Leboeuf was one too , even if the Stamford Bridge faithful , however , might struggle to recognize him in his current guise . Allies is available on dvd and digital download from 3 November courtesy of EOne	Frank Leboeuf has gone from delivering passes to delivering lines Now a stage and movie actor , ex-France defender 's latest role is to fight the Nazis He admits to a dual passion for both movies and football growing up in a French village Still an avid Chelsea fan , he tips the London club to win the Premier League
CNN  For another weekend , moviegoers will be glued to their seats , watching the grit and turmoil of Chris Kyle , the real-life character portrayed in "  American Sniper . " But for Kyle 's widow , Taya , the blockbuster hit is all too real . Fortunately , she 's not alone . Friday , Taya was left searching for words after the nonprofit organization AmericanSnipers.org awarded her family $ 62,000 from its successful rifle raffle . The group auctioned off five rifles from its site . One of the rifles was a replica of the McMillan .338 Lapua sniper rifle that Kyle used in combat , which Taya signed . In a YouTube video captured at the 2015 SHOT Show in Las Vegas , Nevada , Taya addresses an applauding crowd after learning about the money raised for her family . "  I do n't know what to say . It 's been a bittersweet journey , obviously , and I do feel that Chris is with me , " she says in the video . Why ` American Sniper ' is a smash hit Brian Sain , the co-founder of AmericanSnipers.org , says it was important for him and the organization to show their support for Kyle 's family . "  I think America needs heroes like Chris . He was a diehard American , " Sain said in an interview with CNN . Sain meet Kyle in 2009 and the two formed a friendship . They discussed working together to help raise money and gear for troops overseas through AmericanSnipers.org . In August , Sain organized a rifle raffle on the site as a way to continue that dream . The raffle ended on Thursday and the money that was raised was donated to Taya and her two children . Coming from a law enforcement background himself , Sain says supporting Kyle 's family is only natural . "  The whole community is a family . No one really understands what we do . " "  Chris would have done this for me . " Kyle was shot and killed February 2 at a gun range , alongside his friend Chad Littlefield . A Marine Corps veteran , Eddie Ray Routh , 25 , faces murder charges in their deaths . What people get wrong about ` American Sniper '	` American Sniper ' widow is left speechless after a nonprofit donates raffle proceeds to her family AmericanSnipers.org raised $ 62,000 for Kyle 's family after auctioning off rifles on their site In the YouTube video , Taya Kyle says it has been a "  bittersweet journey "
Beijing  CNN  -- The death toll from Thursday 's earthquake in southwest China is at least 25 , with more than 250 injured , according to the ministry of civil affairs . The 5.4-magnitude earthquake hit near the border with Myanmar , the U.S. Geological Survey said . It collapsed houses in the remote Yingjiang county in Yunnan province , according to a county official who would provide only his surname , Ke -- a common practice among officials . State media said the quake hit the area shortly before 1 p.m. local time , cutting power and toppling buildings including hotels and schools . The epicenter was 2 kilometers  1.2 miles  away from the center of Yingjiang county , which has a population of more than 270,000 and is home to several of China 's ethnic minorities . China Central Television showed damaged buildings with debris and red lanterns lying around as police officers directed traffic on a chaotic street . Aftershocks continued to jolt the area as firefighters and other rescuers helped free those trapped , Li Zhiren , the deputy county chief told CCTV . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton expressed condolences on behalf of the Obama administration . "  As people in Yunnan province mourn the loss of life and work to save those that are injured and trapped in the rubble , our thoughts are with the injured , the families of the victims , and with all the people of China , " she said . The area has experienced minor quakes under 5.0 magnitude since the year began , according to the Xinhua news agency . As of Thursday , the local seismological bureau had recorded more than 1,200 such tremors , Xinhua said . Many jittery residents celebrated the lunar New Year holiday in tents last month .	NEW : Death and injury toll increase The 5.4-magnitude earthquake hits near the Myanmar border Scores of people are injured , the civil affairs ministry says Rescuers scramble to reach trapped residents
New York  CNN  -- Parents , beware of Tagged.com , says New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo . Cuomo threatened Thursday to sue the teen-targeted site for exposing children to graphic images of child pornography if it does n't develop a plan to change the way they monitor and respond to complaints of inappropriate conduct . "  This is one of the worst social networking sites that we 've encountered. , " Cuomo said at a news conference in New York City . Cuomo said he only wants the company to live up to its own standards as touted on its website -- including that they are dedicated to child safety and responsive to complaints . Cuomo said a three-month undercover investigation by his office revealed significant lapses in Tagged 's response to user reports of graphic images of child pornography , including photos of an adult performing oral sex on a girl who appears to be younger than ten years old . In a statement sent to CNN , Tagged General Counsel Louis Willacy the company was working "  closely and cooperatively " with Cuomo 's office to come to a quick resolution "  in the best interest of our members ' safety . " "  The safety of our members is a top priority , " he said .	Cuomo says Tagged.com "  one of the worst " sites he 's seen 3-month investigation revealed significant lapses in Tagged 's response to complaints Tagged says it 's working with Cuomo on resolution
CNN  He 's a blue chip college basketball recruit . She 's a high school freshman with Down syndrome . At first glance Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith could n't be more different . But all that changed Thursday when Trey asked Ellie to be his prom date . Trey -- a star on Eastern High School 's basketball team in Louisville , Kentucky , who 's headed to play college ball next year at Ball State -- was originally going to take his girlfriend to Eastern 's prom . So why is he taking Ellie instead ? "  She 's great ... she listens and she 's easy to talk to " he said . Trey made the prom-posal  yes , that 's what they are calling invites to prom these days  in the gym during Ellie 's P.E. class . Trina Helson , a teacher at Eastern , alerted the school 's newspaper staff to the prom-posal and posted photos of Trey and Ellie on Twitter that have gone viral . She was n't surpristed by Trey 's actions . "  That 's the kind of person Trey is , " she said . To help make sure she said yes , Trey entered the gym armed with flowers and a poster that read "  Let 's Party Like it 's 1989 , " a reference to the latest album by Taylor Swift , Ellie 's favorite singer . Trey also got the OK from Ellie 's parents the night before via text . They were thrilled . "  You just feel numb to those moments raising a special needs child , " said Darla Meredith , Ellie 's mom . "  You first feel the need to protect and then to overprotect . " Darla Meredith said Ellie has struggled with friendships since elementary school , but a special program at Eastern called Best Buddies had made things easier for her . She said Best Buddies cultivates friendships between students with and without developmental disabilities and prevents students like Ellie from feeling isolated and left out of social functions . "  I guess around middle school is when kids started to care about what others thought , " she said , but "  this school , this year has been a relief . " Trey 's future coach at Ball State , James Whitford , said he felt great about the prom-posal , noting that Trey , whom he 's known for a long time , often works with other kids Trey 's mother , Shelly Moses , was also proud of her son . "  It 's exciting to bring awareness to a good cause , " she said . "  Trey has worked pretty hard , and he 's a good son . " Both Trey and Ellie have a lot of planning to do . Trey is looking to take up special education as a college major , in addition to playing basketball in the fall . As for Ellie , she ca n't stop thinking about prom . "  Ellie ca n't wait to go dress shopping " her mother said . "  Because I 've only told about a million people ! " Ellie interjected .	College-bound basketball star asks girl with Down syndrome to high school prom Pictures of the two during the "  prom-posal " have gone viral
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- The fifth and final phase of India 's marathon general election to choose a federal government ended Wednesday . Indians voters hold up their voter ID cards at a polling station in northern India . Home to about 714 million voters , India is now due to hold a single-day vote count Saturday for 543 seats in the lower house of its parliament . India 's election commission spokesman Rajesh Malhotra told CNN that a 62 percent voter turnout was recorded in the last phase of polling Wednesday . Voting in the month-long exercise was spread across 28 states and seven federal territories . Stock markets closed 138.4 points down -- as voting drew to a close Wednesday -- apparently over fears of political uncertainty ahead . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's Congress party , which came to power in 2004 as head of a communist-backed coalition , is seeking re-election . The party mainly faces opposition from an alliance led by the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party . Watch more about one village refusing to vote " Over the years , regional parties have emerged as key players in government formation in India , creating a situation in which federal power is now shared by a coalition of groups . Last year , Singh 's Congress party lost the support of the communists , who opposed India 's civilian nuclear cooperation agreement with the United States . The party was able to survive primarily with the backing of a powerful regional party .	Voting in the month-long exercise was spread across 28 states India is scheduled to hold the vote count on Saturday Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's Congress party seeking re-election
Russian President Vladimir Putin said Friday he hoped for better ties with the United States in a July Fourth message to his U.S. counterpart , Barack Obama . The Independence Day wishes come at a time when relations between the two nations are at their lowest ebb since the Cold War , fueled by tensions over Russia 's actions in Ukraine . According to the Kremlin website , Putin "  expressed a hope for the successful development of the relationship between both countries , based on equal rights and utilitarianism , despite all the difficulties and disagreements they are facing at the moment . " Putin also said that since the two nations are responsible for global security , they "  should cooperate in the interests of not just their own people , but the entire world . " He urged the building of a bilateral relationship based on "  mutual respect " and understanding of each other 's interests . Moscow has repeatedly complained that the West has not taken its legitimate interests in Ukraine into consideration or treated it as an equal partner . The White House gave a muted response to Putin 's gesture . "  We 've seen the message but have no particular comment , " said National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden . The United States and European Union have imposed targeted economic sanctions on Russian individuals and companies in response to Moscow 's actions in Ukraine . Russia annexed Ukraine 's Crimea region in March despite condemnation from the West . Its amassing of troops along the border with Ukraine has led to heightened tensions . The EU and the United States have repeatedly warned Moscow that more economic sanctions could be imposed if it does n't act to defuse the crisis . In a bid to end the pro-Russia separatist unrest roiling the east of his country , Ukraine 's new President Petro Poroshenko has proposed a peace plan that calls for the rebels to lay down their arms and engage in talks . He also urged the strengthening of Ukraine-Russia border controls , the freeing of hostages and changes to the Ukrainian Constitution to decentralize power . NATO chief Anders Fogh Rasmussen urged Moscow last week "  to create conditions for the implementation of the peace plan , to end its support for separatist troops , and to stop the flow of weapons and fighters across its border . "	Russia 's Vladimir Putin says he wants to see the "  successful development " of the relationship He says U.S.-Russia relations should be based on mutual respect and understanding Ukraine crisis has heightened tensions between Russia and the United States
CNN  -- A Wisconsin judge ruled there is enough evidence for four women to stand trial for their roles in a staged motel tryst that ended with a man tied to a bed , his penis super-glued to his stomach , a lawyer for one of the women said Wednesday . Michelle Belliveau , Wendy Sewell , Therese Ziemann and the man 's wife appeared in court Tuesday . A Calumet County Circuit Court Judge issued the ruling Tuesday after hearing from the alleged victim , who spent about 90 minutes on the witness stand describing his ordeal , attorney Rob Bellin said . The 37-year-old man , who is in custody on charges in an unrelated case , delivered his testimony wearing an orange jailhouse jumpsuit . "  I was telling them they could n't do this , that it 's assault . Hello , let me leave , " the alleged victim said , according to CNN affiliate WBAY . The man 's wife and two of his girlfriends hatched a plot to lure him to a Stockbridge motel on July 30 and confront him after learning that he was having "  sexual relations " with all of them , a criminal complaint states . Therese Ziemann , Wendy Sewell , Michelle Belliveau and the man 's wife are accused of felony false imprisonment , which carries a maximum penalty of six years in prison . Ziemann , who is also accused of misdemeanor sexual assault and battery , faces arraignment on October 5 . Belliveau pleaded not guilty on Tuesday , and the others have motion hearings scheduled in October . CNN does not name victims of alleged sexual assault and will not name the alleged victim 's wife since they use the same last name . Ziemann told investigators that her lover 's wife contacted her the day before the incident and revealed that he was married with children and seeing other women for money . Ziemann said she confirmed the information with Sewell , and the three arranged to confront him "  without him knowing , " the complaint says . Belliveau , Ziemann 's sister , was allegedly also present . The man went to the hotel on July 30 to meet Ziemann , who told investigators that she met him on Craigslist and fell in love , paying for their hotel rooms and lending him $ 3,000 , the complaint says . The alleged victim told police that when he arrived , Ziemann told him she wanted to "  tie him up and give him a rub down . " She used bed sheets to tie him to the bed , and blindfolded him with a pillowcase before cutting off his underwear with scissors , according to the complaint . She then texted the other women to let them know "  he 's tied up . " After they arrived , they peppered him with questions like , "  which do you love more ? " and "  who do you want to grow old with ? " Ziemann told police she slapped her lover and asked "  can you handle that ? " before using Krazy Glue to stick his penis to his stomach . The man told police that the women took his wallet , cell phone and car and left him tied to the bed . He chewed on the bindings to free himself and eventually called police . The man , who has a criminal record in Wisconsin dating back to 1998 , is in custody on unrelated charges of child abuse , theft and harassment . His next court appearance in that case is scheduled for Thursday , September 17 .	Wisconsin judge rules there is sufficient evidence for women to stand trial Police : Wife , lovers hatched plot to confront man after learning of his infidelity One of the women tied him to bed , glued penis to his stomach , police say Man , with criminal record dating back to 1998 , is in custody on unrelated charges
CNN  -- Ebola virus disease is sweeping across West Africa in the largest outbreak of the virus to date . Mortality rates are currently at 60 % in a disease where up to 90 % of infected people can die . But despite this lethality there remain no licensed treatments or vaccines available , nearly 40 years after the disease was first discovered . In March , Ebola was reported for the first time in Guinea , West Africa , in districts that border neighboring Liberia and Sierra Leone . This proximity meant that unlike previous outbreaks in other parts of Africa , the usually remote Ebola virus had the opportunity to cross borders . With residents migrating back and forth , it did just that . Four months later the outbreak has reached unprecedented scales , with 1,093 people infected and 660 deaths attributed to the virus . "  This is clearly an outbreak across international borders and it has not been handled properly , " explains David Heymann , professor of infectious disease epidemiology at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine  LSHTM  , who was on-site at the first human Ebola outbreak in 1976 . He says the 24 known outbreaks of Ebola to date have shown that it should be easily controlled . "  It 's not rocket science to control these outbreaks but instead basic epidemiology : infection control , hygiene practices , contact-tracing and safe burial practices , " says Heymann of the virus , which is transmitted through contact with bodily fluids . "  Ebola is its own worst enemy , it 's too lethal and can not sustain its own spread . " But whilst it should be easily contained , this time something has gone wrong . The Guinean and Liberian capital cities were reached exposing many more to the virus and making those infected and their contacts harder to trace and isolate . The outbreak has been described as "  out of control " by Doctors without Borders -- so why is there no other approach ? Opinion : Why Ebola epidemic is spinning out of control The usual response in disease outbreaks is to use drugs to treat those infected and stop them transmitting to others , in combination with vaccines that protect those exposed and slow down , or halt , the spread of a virus through a population by enabling herd immunity . But there are no licensed drugs or vaccines for use against Ebola as its periodic , remote and usually small-scale nature means there has not been a big enough market , nor the ability to conduct large-scale trials in humans exposed to the disease . The biology of the virus also makes it challenging to develop vaccines that create a strong enough immune response ; the occurrence of multiple forms of the virus means an immune response is needed against all of them , and Ebola 's ability to replicate rapidly means it could equally rapidly evolve resistance to the vaccine . Despite these challenges , there are vaccines being developed by a range of organizations , including the vaccine research center at the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases  NIAID  -- and some argue that an outbreak is the perfect time to trial them . "  It would be unethical not to acknowledge that potential new treatments could both save lives and reduce transmission in this and future outbreaks , " says Dr Jeremy Farrar , director of global charitable foundation the Wellcome Trust . Farrar has recently called for new approaches to be used in controlling the outbreak as no other opportunity will enable the further development of new treatments or vaccines . "  Any new intervention must have preclinical safety and efficacy data and Phase I safety data in healthy volunteers , " he says describing the slow progression of phases involved in pharmaceutical development , "  But ultimately there can be no Phase II  vaccine efficacy  data in Ebola other than that acquired during an epidemic . " Peter Piot , director of the LSHTM , who co-discovered Ebola during its first outbreak , agrees with Farrar . "  In general I believe that this continuing outbreak is a rare opportunity to evaluate the effectiveness of experimental drugs , " he says , but stresses , "  as long as all ethical standards are respected , and as long as it does not create more problems for controlling the outbreak , since medical experiments may decrease even more trust in health authorities and add to hostility to healthcare workers . " Piot is referring to resistance from affected communities towards healthcare workers and health officials who enter their villages dressed in astronaut-like quarantine clothing and ask them to change their cultural practices such as burials , where the traditional cleaning of bodies puts those mourning at risk of transmission . Long-standing mistrust exists towards governments and ministries of health , leading to healthcare staff having rocks thrown at them , being threatened by machetes and facing general aggression , according to a World Health Organization  WHO  spokesperson . Tensions between those controlling the outbreak and those affected by it mean trialling vaccines in outbreak communities is not supported by WHO officials on the ground . "  Using an experimental vaccine on human beings in the middle of an outbreak in this case would not be ethical , feasible , or wise , " according to the WHO . But there remain other avenues . "  The vaccines are likely safe and effective but are n't used by public health teams and they wo n't use them without adequate trials , " explains Dr Peter Walsh , from the University of Cambridge , who is developing vaccines for use in non-human primates such as chimpanzees and gorillas who are also victims of the virus . Walsh 's vaccines have shown a good immune response when trialled in chimpanzees and he suggests trialling human vaccines incrementally in healthcare workers rather than the mass population . "  Healthcare workers are at the greatest risk and are hubs of infection who are likely to spread it to others , " he says . "  The risk of dying from the vaccine is tiny compared to dying from Ebola and unlike communities , healthcare workers would understand the risks better and should be able to give informed consent . " This approach is supported by the NIAID , whose Ebola vaccine programs have progressed the furthest . "  We are supporting a number of vaccines and they are all in a roughly similar position and getting ready for Phase I trials for safety , " says Dr Mike Kurilla , director of their Office of Biodefense Research Resources and Translational Research . "  If these make it through testing what we 're likely to see in future outbreaks is healthcare workers and outbreak investigators taking the vaccine under informed consent , " Kurilla explains . "  Working with those at the highest risk will enable you to see if the vaccine has an impact . " It is too late in this outbreak for vaccines to have enough of a preventative impact , but Ebola will emerge again in the future . If safety can be proven , the stockpiling of vaccines could improve the outcome of future outbreaks . "  Vaccines enable a preparative framework to be established rather than a reactive one , " explains Heymann . "  But firstly it must be shown to be safe in humans . " The ability to control future epidemics may depend on it . Opinion : Why Ebola epidemic is spinning out of control	40 years after its discovery , there are no licensed treatments or vaccines for Ebola Ethically , a vaccine for Ebola can only be trialled for effectiveness during an outbreak Vaccines are better trialled in high-risk groups , including healthcare workers , say experts
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , alienated from the country 's supreme leader , suffered setbacks in the country 's parliamentary runoff elections Saturday in what could be a sign of things to come in the Islamic republic . Initial results showed candidates allied with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and critical of Ahmadinejad ahead in the polling . Sadegh Zibakalam , a professor of political science at Tehran University , said the election was "  a face-off between pro- and anti-Ahmadinejad conservative factions within the ruling regime . " However , Zibakalam said Ahmadinejad still did well in critical areas like Tehran , though two winning candidates -- Ali Motahari and Ahmad Tavakoli -- are vocal critics of the president . The runoff election was held Friday in 33 constituencies with 130 candidates competing for 65 seats in the 290-member parliament . The first round voting was March 2 in which anti-Ahmadinejad candidates won over 180 seats , giving them a majority in the new parliament , state-run Press TV reported . Over 48 million Iranians were eligible to vote and 64 % of them cast ballots in the first round . Ahmadinejad drew the ire of Khamenei loyalists last year when he challenged the supreme leader 's authority in appointing top government officials , analysts said . But Zibakalam said he did not think the parliamentary results would make much difference in the remainder of Ahmadinejad 's second and last term in office . "  His power began to weaken awhile ago after his showdown with the supreme leader , " he said . "  What he wanted to do was groom one of his supporters to be his replacement but I do n't think he stands a serious chance of influencing the presidential elections next year . "  He tried to consolidate his power when he challenged the supreme leader and his supporters but that was the beginning of his demise , " Zibakalam said . The election for a new parliament , known as the Majlis , will also have no effect on Iran 's foreign policy or its position on nuclear program . Those decisions have been and will continue to be made by Khamenei . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report	Initial results showed critics of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad doing well Ahmadinejad alienated Ayatollah Ali Khamenei by challenging his authority Iran hold presidential elections next year The composition of the new parliament will likely have no effect on Iran 's nuclear program
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The International Committee of the Red Cross said Thursday it was suspending its work in Pakistan pending a review of its presence in the South Asian country . The decision comes after the killing of Khalil Rasjed Dale , a 60-year old health program manager who was abducted four months ago in Balochistan . His body was found last month . The 900 national staff members of the Red Cross have been placed on paid leave , and 80 foreign staffers have been flown to Islamabad , said spokesman Christian Cardon . "  Over the last few years unfortunately , it has become very dangerous not only in Pakistan but all over the world with the ICRC staff being targeted and coming under attack , " Cardon said . Jacques de Maio , the head of Red Cross operations for South Asia , said the aid agency was compelled to "  completely reassess the balance between the humanitarian impact of our activities and the risks faced by our staff . " The organization has halted all all its activities and said it was painfully aware of the consequences on the wounded , sick and other vulnerable people . The Red Cross has been working in Pakistan since the country 's independence in 1947 , providing health care , physical rehabilitation and other assistance for victims of violence and natural disasters . It has been instrumental in aid delivery after earthquakes and the devastating 2010 flooding across the nation . The agency called Dale a "  trusted and very experienced Red Cross staff member who significantly contributed to the humanitarian cause . " He had been working in the western city of Quetta and the province of Balochistan for almost a year . Armed men abducted him January 5 as he was returning home from work . "  This is an abhorrent act targeted against a committed humanitarian worker who has dedicated himself and his life to help others in need , " said Aine Fay , head of the Pakistan Humanitarian Forum , a coalition of aid agencies . The forum said Dale 's killing was the latest incident in a long line of targeted attacks against humanitarian agencies and staff . The past four years has seen an increase in targeted attacks against national and international humanitarian organizations and staff across Pakistan by violent militant groups and criminals . "  To date none of the perpetrators have been captured or brought to justice , and , at this time seven humanitarian staff continue to be held hostage following their abductions in 2011 and 2012 , " the forum said . "  This picture of violence against humanitarian organizations and staff is reflective of the violence that has been inflicted on hundreds of innocent people by militants and criminals across Pakistan in the same period , " it said . The forum called on Pakistan 's government to condemn such acts of violence and do more to protect aid workers . CNN 's Moni Basu and Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	Red Cross worker Khalil Rasjed Dale was abducted and killed The aid agency says it is compelled to reassess its operations in Pakistan It has halted its work despite consequences for the vulnerable A humanitarian coalition says Dale 's killing is one in a long list of violence against aid workers
CNN  -- Robin van Persie scored early and late in the game to secure a 2-1 victory for his struggling Arsenal team over Sunderland at the Emirates Stadium Sunday . The Dutch international 's opener after just 31 seconds was the quickest in their English Premier League history but it needed his curling free kick with 10 minutes to go to grab the three points . Sunderland , struggling just above the relegation zone , weathered the early storm before equalizing with a virtuoso free kick from former Gunner Sebastian Larsson in the 31st minute . But Arsenal were the better side in the first half and got their reward when top scorer Van Persie struck again . Manager Arsene Wenger used his program notes to dispel rumors that Van Persie would be leaving in the next transfer window and the player himself told Sky Sports after the match that he was "  committed " to Arsenal . The victory lifts them into top half of the table for the first time this season , but they still trail leaders Manchester City by 12 points . Tottenham beat Arsenal in the north London derby game before the international break and were held later Sunday 2-2 at Newcastle . Tottenham , bidding for their fifth straight league win , twice led through a Rafael van der Vaart penalty just before halftime and then substitute Jermain Defoe 's clinical strike . But Ibrahim Ba and substitute Shola Ameobi twice pulled them back and it was Newcastle , unbeaten this season , who were pressing at the end . They stay in fourth place , with Tottenham in sixth having played a game less . In the other game played Sunday , West Bromwich Albion pulled clear of the relegation zone with a 2-0 Black Country derby win over Wolves , who have lost five straight . There was a goal drought in Italy 's Serie A as only one of 12 teams in action in the afternoon fixtures Sunday managed to score . Juventus were held 0-0 at Chievo and Udinese , who finished with 10 men , failed to score at Atalanta . The results left Juve ahead of Udinese at the top on goals scored . The only positive result came at Novara where visitors Bologna won 2-0 to move off the bottom . In German Bundesliga action , struggling Hamburg scored only the second win of their campaign with a 2-1 victory at Freiburg . Hamburg stay bottom , just behind FC Augsburg , but secured three points through goals from Korean Heung Min Son and Ivo Ilicevic with a penalty . Papiss Cisse equalized for the home side but missed a late penalty for a second leveler .	Arsenal beat Sunderland 2-1 at Emirates to move into top half of EPL Two superb goals from Robin van Persie give Arsenal three points Tottenham held 2-2 at Newcastle in top six clash at St Jamess Park Juventus still top Italy Serie A after goalless draw against Chievo
CNN  -- Opening arguments are scheduled for Monday in Philadelphia in the first case in which an official of a Roman Catholic archdiocese has been accused of protecting abusive priests by moving them from parish to parish . Monsignor William Lynn has pleaded not guilty to conspiracy and endangering the welfare of a child . Lynn served as the vicar of clergy in the Archdiocese of Philadelphia from 1992 to 2004 , a position in which he was responsible for investigating reports that priests had sexually abused children . A grand jury alleged that he knowingly allowed priests accused of abuse to continue in the ministry in roles in which they had access to children , according to the district attorney 's office . Lynn "  acted as if his job was to protect the abuser , never the abused , " a January 2011 grand jury report concluded . But Lynn 's lawyers argue that the monsignor had informed his superiors -- including Cardinal Anthony Bevilacqua , who died in January -- that priests in the archdiocese were assaulting children . Pope leads open-air Mass in Mexico The Lynn case has had reverberations across the country , including the October 2011 arrest of Bishop Robert W. Finn in Kansas City , Missouri , on charges that he failed to report suspected child abuse by a priest . Finn pleaded not guilty . Lynn 's case has already had some surprises in the weeks leading up to this point . The latest came Thursday , when a co-defendant , defrocked priest Edward Avery , accepted a plea deal and was sentenced to 2-1/2 to five years in prison . The deal does not require Avery to testify against Lynn , leaving open the question of how it ultimately affects the case . "  This is a very mysterious plea , " says CNN legal analyst Paul Callan . "  And it will be interesting to see as the trial rolls on why this plea was really entered , because there 's something going on that we do n't know about at this point in time . " In February , the defense had a bombshell of its own . Lynn 's attorneys presented a document that seems to show that in 1994 , Bevilacqua ordered shredded a document prepared by Lynn that listed the names of suspected abusers . In jury selection process , The Philadelphia Inquirer reported Common Pleas Court Judge M. Teresa Sarmina as saying in open court , "  Anybody that does n't ' think there is widespread sexual abuse within the Catholic Church is living on another planet . " The comment prompted calls for Sarmina to recuse herself . She has not . Because of a court-mandated gag order , all parties in the case are prevented from commenting . But Bill Donohue , president of the Catholic League , says Sarmina was inappropriate and incorrect . "  We do n't have a problem today , " Donahue said . "  We had it in the '60s and '70s and in the first part of the 1980s . If -LSB- Sarmina -RSB- goes in there with that mindset , I think she should have recused herself . She 's already -- as far as I 'm concerned -- she 's damaged goods . " Cuba has complicated relationship with Church Victims ' advocates say the Catholic Church still has a problem with priest abuse . "  We have seen no evidence either that the Catholic Church has really changed anything , " says Barbara Blaine , president of Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests . "  We have seen them change their public relations and their statements , but we still have n't seen one bishop to be fired or publicly punished for enabling or covering up for sexual predator priests . " Blaine hopes this case will give survivors like Rich Green some justice . Green , the nephew of deceased Cardinal John O'Connor of New York , says he was abused by a priest at a Philadelphia high school in 1990 . The priest died in 1999 , and the statute of limitations has run out on Green 's ability to sue the Philadelphia archdiocese . Green did receive a settlement from the Archdiocese of Wilmington , Delaware , where the priest 's order is based , and says he plans to attend Lynn 's trial as often as he can . "  We are asking for these people who are responsible for destroying our lives to be held accountable for what they did to us , " Green said . "  We are the ones telling the truth , and I do n't understand why the Catholic Church ca n't tell the truth . " Finding the truth will be the job of a jury that is likely to hear testimony from alleged victims ; a possible taped deposition from Bevilacqua ; and perhaps from Lynn himself .	Monsignor William Lynn has pleaded not guilty to two criminal counts Lynn worked in the Philadelphia archdiocese from 1992 to 2004 He was responsible for investigating reports of sexual abuse by priests His lawyers say he told his superiors of the allegations
On a day marking the 89th anniversary of the founding of Turkey , a country that has marketed itself as a stable , prosperous and democratic role model for the Muslim world , riot police clashed with defiant opposition groups , firing water cannons at a patriotic rally in the capital . Tensions mounted ahead of Monday 's Republic Day holiday , when the governor of Ankara banned the planned march organized by secularist opposition groups that are deeply critical of Turkey 's Islamist-rooted government . Despite the ban , opposition groups defiantly vowed to go ahead with their rally . They were joined by Kemal Kilicdaroglu , the leader of Turkey 's largest opposition party , the Republican People 's Party , or CHP . Read more : Press freedom watchdog slams Turkish government Kilicdaroglu boycotted the government 's traditional military parade . Instead , he attended the opposition gathering , just a few minutes ' drive away from the parade grounds in Ankara . Turkish television networks split their live coverage of two simultaneous Republic Day celebrations . Turkish President Abdullah Gul and Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan sat in grandstands , watching police , schoolchildren and helmeted soldiers in tanks and armored personnel carriers filing past on parade . Meanwhile , CHP leader Kilicdaroglu addressed a crowd of several thousand flag-waving supporters next to a statue of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk , the founder of the Turkish Republic . Sometime after noon Monday , cameras suddenly broadcast live images of riot police firing water cannons at the opposition gathering . CNN Turk showed waterlogged activists brandishing Turkish flags , struggling to stand their ground against multiple water cannons . Activists said police also fired tear gas at the rally . Read more : Turkey boom dampened by Europe 's troubles "  They used gas and they used water , " said Alper Kafa , an opposition party activist and general director of the Association of Public Conservatory Graduates , speaking on the phone from Ankara with CNN . "  This is the shameful face or our alleged democracy , " he added . "  On the 89th anniversary of our great leader 's foundation of the republic , in the place where he made the declaration , they used gas against the people . It is so very sad . " "  It is shameful to use water cannons and tear gas at crowds which include children and old ladies out there to celebrate the republic , " said Asli Aydintasbas , a columnist with the Turkish daily newspaper Milliyet . "  It shows to me that people come and go , but the fundamentals of the regime in Ankara do not change . " Since his Justice and Development Party , or AKP , first won parliamentary elections 10 years ago , Prime Minister Erdogan has governed Turkey through an unprecedented decade of economic expansion . Voters have rewarded Erdogan , re-electing his party in national parliamentary and municipal elections . Read more : Eight killed in bombing in Turkey Erdogan also won a bitter power struggle against the military and Turkey 's traditional secular establishment . Hundreds of generals have been arrested in recent years , accused of plotting to overthrow the government . Until Erdogan 's rise to power , the Turkish military had a stranglehold on Turkish politics , overthrowing at least four civilian governments in the last half-century . But Erdogan has come under growing criticism from human rights and freedom of expression groups for his increasingly authoritarian policies . This month , the New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists published a report slamming Turkey , accusing it of being the world 's worst jailers of journalists . The Turkish newspaper Taraf also announced it is suing Turkey 's national intelligence agency . The revelation emerged after Taraf 's editors reportedly found court documents proving they were being wiretapped by the agency , whose main mission is to target foreign spies and terrorism threats . Read more : Turkish government asks Kurdish prisoners to end hunger strike Meanwhile , Kurdish groups accuse Erdogan 's government of arresting more than 7,000 Kurdish activists in recent years . Last week , Turkey 's justice minister made a public appeal for more than 600 Kurdish prisoners to end a hunger strike that has spread through prisons across the country over the last month and a half . A long-simmering Kurdish insurgency continues to claim lives in the predominantly Kurdish southeastern part of the country . Turkey 's semiofficial Anatolia news agency reported that at least one police officer was killed by fighters from the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , in southeastern Turkey on Saturday . Critics said Monday 's Republic Day crackdown on the opposition would only further tarnish Erdogan 's democratic credentials . "  It is also a disgrace for Turkey to publicly applaud the Arab Spring , " columnist Aydintasbas said , "  and at home to ban even a small innocent rally . ... To think that any rally is essentially a hidden effort to overthrow the government , which is the paranoia in Ankara right now , points to an autocratic mindset . "	Despite ban , secularists critical of Turkey 's Islamist-rooted government protest in Ankara Leader of Turkey 's largest opposition party forgoes traditional parade , joins protest Turkish TV networks split live coverage of two simultaneous Republic Day celebrations After noon , TV showed live images of police firing water cannons at opposition gathering
What could possibly be more popular than the latest iPhone ? An Indian company is hoping that among India 's Muslims , it will be the new Quran mobile , a smartphone loaded with Islamic features . The new ENMAC Quran MQ3500 phone , launched last month in India , comes with Islam 's holy book translated in 29 languages and a compass that directs users toward Mecca . Muslims bow in the direction of the holy city for prayers five times a day . The $ 76 phone also features an Islamic calendar , downloaded holy books , a calculator for zakat  donation to charity  and an automatic ring silencer that can be set up for prayer times at mosques . Niyas Ahmed , a 35-year-old New Delhi engineer , traded in his old Nokia for the new Quran phone 10 days ago . "  They are providing a great service , " he said about being able to read the Quran whenever he had time to spare , no matter where was . Network engineer Mohammad Mohsin , 28 , bought the phone for his father . "  The concept is great . It maximizes one 's reading time , " he said . Mohsin said the phone is sure to do well in India . All his father 's friends , he said , are curious about the uniquely Islamic device that is the first of its kind in India . Anuj Kanish , head of TolMol , the Indian online comparison shopping network that launched the phone , said the Quran mobile is already on back order . He said it will be more widely available in stores starting in January . ENMAC , a Malaysia-based Islamic digital products company , developed the Quran phone -- also available in several Middle Eastern countries , Pakistan and Malaysia . But India , said Kanish , has potential for massive sales . India is home to 180 million Muslims , the world 's third largest Muslim population , and a rapidly growing mobile phone user market . More than 800 million Indians -- from the poorest rickshaw pullers to wealthy entrepreneurs -- own mobile phones . Unlike Hindus , who form a majority of India 's 1.2 billion people , Muslims have well-defined daily rituals , Kanish said . The Quran phone is ideally suited for Islam , he said . Sirajuddin Qureshi , president of the India Islamic Cultural Center , agreed . He hopes the new cell phone will reinvigorate interest in Islam . "  Until a Muslim understands the Quran , he can not understand Islam , " Qureshi said . "  One should read the Quran every day . This phone will help a lot . " Mohsin , the young network engineer who bought the phone for his father , was n't so sure how the Quran phone would play among those of his generation who can afford more sophisticated phones . His friends , he said , may still opt for emails , Facebook and Twitter on an iPhone . Or perhaps download an Islamic app . But for millions of other faithful , the Quran phone could just very well be the "  in thing . "	A new Quran mobile phone launched in India last month India is home to about 180 million Muslims The ENMAC phone enables Muslims to read the Quran anywhere It also lets them calculate alms , find Mecca and silence their phones automatically at prayer times
CNN -- Fleet-footed winger Cristiano Ronaldo is Manchester United 's most deadly weapon and officially the best footballer in the world . Manchester United 's Cristiano Ronaldo is the current FIFA World Player of the Year Born in 1985 on the Portuguese island of Madeira , the 23-year-old cut his teeth with Portuguese side Sporting Lisbon , where his amazing skill and dribbling ability alerted a host of top European clubs . However , it was Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson who nipped in before his rivals to sign Ronaldo for a reported fee of $ 19 million in 2003 . With Manchester United he has won three Premier League titles , two Football League Cups , the FA Cup , the World Club Championship , and the Champions League . After a phenomenal 2007/2008 season , in which he scored 42 goals for Manchester United in all competitions , he was voted FIFA and FIFPro World Player of the Year and European Player of the Year . That season his 31 Premier League goals won him the Golden Shoe award , making him officially Europe 's most prolific goal scorer , and he was also the leading scorer in the Champions League , with eight goals . He capped a remarkable campaign by scoring the opening goal , before also netting from the penalty spot , as United beat Chelsea in a dramatic Champions League final in Moscow . Tall , elegant and powerful , Ronaldo is as good in the air as he is with the ball at his feet , as he proved with his header against Chelsea in last year 's final . He also possesses a remarkable and unique free-kick technique , managing to bend and swerve the ball to devastating effect , notably with the goal that effectively ended Arsenal 's challenge in the semifinals of this year 's Champions League . Apart from his success at Old Trafford , Ronaldo is a regular figure for his national side , making his full international debut in 2003 and going on to represent Portugal at the 2006 World Cup and Euro 2008 finals . However , despite his god-given talent , Ronaldo still gets criticized in Portugal for allegedly failing to replicate his United form in a Portugal shirt . According to Forbes , Ronaldo was football 's fifth biggest earner in 2008 . Of his $ 21 million income , $ 12m was in salary and incentives from Manchester United and another $ 9 million came from endorsements with global brands like of Nike and Coca-Cola .	Ronaldo Voted FIFA World Player of the Year and European Player of Year He has also represented Portugal at the both World and European finals Ronaldo was signed by Manchester United from Sporting Lisbon in 2003 23-year-old scored 42 goals in all competitions for his club in 2007/8 season
CNN  -- CNN Hero Amy Stokes uses the internet to connect South African teens affected by HIV/AIDS and poverty with volunteer mentors from around the world . Stokes is the founder of Infinite Family and spoke with CNN about the importance of her group 's efforts in South Africa -- where nearly two million children have been orphaned by AIDS . Below are excerpts from that interview . CNN : How does HIV/AIDS affect a South African child ? Amy Stokes : They will talk about being very happy as children and growing up with two parents until they were grade school level . And then they 'll lose one of their parents . They will move where they can be in a community that helps support them and then they 'll lose the other parent . Then they 're moved into a home where it 's an auntie running the house -- and they 'll lose that aunt . And then they go to live with the gogo -- or a grandmother -- and before long , they 're living with 10 other children in the same 20 square foot space . That gogo is spending all of her time just trying to feed everybody , much less being able to help them prepare for their future . CNN : How widespread is the problem ? Stokes : Many of these communities have lost up to 40 percent of the young adults -LSB- from HIV/AIDS -RSB- . So the children ... do n't learn the survival skills that they would have learned tagging along with an adult -- watching an adult as they work , or do grocery shopping , or cooking or any of the life skills that they need . These children are losing , not only love and nurturing , but ... the education of having a parent attend to them . CNN : What 's the biggest challenge these kids face ? Stokes : They lack access to everything that would teach them what is needed to be successful . There 's no technology ; there are no computers . The kids walk into our computer labs having never touched a mouse or a keyboard before . However , they are the most hopeful children you will ever meet . They are resilient , resourceful ; they are joyful ; they are very ambitious . CNN : What change do you see in them as they interact with their mentors ? If you reach out to them they will grab that lifeline and work so hard to make your investment of time and talent worth your while . They know that they are in a situation they would like to change -- their lot in life , their future -- but they struggle very hard until someone helps show them the way . What Infinite Family does is we expand their village to include the entire world . When they get connected with their mentors , the mentors make sure that no one is ever truly alone . Want to get involved ? Check out the Infinite Family website at http://www.infinitefamily.org and see how to help .	CNN Hero Amy Stokes founded a non-profit to help children orphaned by AIDS She says the kids are resilient but just lack the equipment they need to succeed Mentors from around the world make sure the kids are never truly alone
CNN  -- Syria has granted citizenship to thousands of stateless people in the country 's Kurdish region , a move seen as a gesture to placate the predominantly Arab country 's restive minority . State-run media said President Bashar al-Assad on Thursday issued a legislative decree granting "  Syrian Arab nationality " to people registered as "  foreigners " in Hasaka , the northeastern region where Kurds reside . There has long been discontent in the Kurdish region , and protests have been held there in recent days . Many Kurds have been stateless , and Human Rights Watch said they have faced obstacles , such as getting work and state services . Al-Assad has promised to deal with the issue over the years . "  In 1962 , an exceptional census stripped some 120,000 Syrian Kurds -- 20 percent of the Syrian Kurdish population -- of their Syrian citizenship . By many accounts , the special census was carried out in an arbitrary manner , " Human Rights Watch said in a July report . "  Brothers from the same family , born in the same Syrian village , were classified differently . Fathers became foreigners while their sons remained citizens . The number of stateless Kurds grew with time as descendants of those who lost citizenship in 1962 multiplied ; as a result , their number is now estimated at 300,000 . " Human Rights Watch , which notes that the Kurds are the largest non-Arab ethnic minority in Syria , estimated the Kurdish population to be 1.7 million , about 10 percent of Syria 's population . The Syrian government , viewing Kurdish identity as a threat , has suppressed the group 's political and cultural rights . Demonstrations in 2004 over longstanding complaints led to harassment and protests were put down with "  lethal force , " Human Rights Watch said . At that time , at least 36 people were killed , 160 were injured , and more than 2,000 detained amid "  widespread reports of torture and ill-treatment of detainees , " Human Rights Watch said . Massoud Akko , a Kurdish journalist and human rights defender based in Norway , told CNN there are two forms of stateless Kurds -- the majority , around 220,000 , are called "  foreigners " and they are the ones that the decree addresses . But there 's another class of stateless people , numbering about 80,000 , who are n't included in the decision . "  This is not enough . We need more , " Akko said , referring to the political , social , and economic demands the people have made for decades . "  We as Kurds in Syria do not have the minimal ethnic rights , no schools , no cultural centers . We can not even use our languages in the universities . We want to be equal to the Kurds living in Turkey , Iran and Iraq . " He said the regime made the move to placate Kurds , who 've been angry over their treatment . However , three major Kurdish parties have called for protests Friday in Qamishli , Aleppo and other Syrian cities . Along with the basic rights they want , Kurds would like to see the Baathist Party rule come to an end and have more political parties formed . They also want freedoms in media and other realms , Akko said . They do n't want to see the controversial 48-year-old emergency rule replaced by an equally oppressive terrorism law , and they demand a civilian rather than a military court system . CNN 's Rima Maktabi contributed to this report .	President Bashar al-Assad issues a legislative decree on citizenship The Kurds are about 10 percent of Syria 's population , Human Rights Watch estimates Move comes during unrest in the predominantly Arab country
CNN  -- It was an emotional night for Dubai 's ruler Sheikh Mohammed as Mikael Barzalona rode Monterosso to victory in the Dubai World Cup , the world 's richest race , beating his stablemate Capponi by an impressive margin . But the result was somewhat overshadowed by the death of another Godolphin horse , Fox Hunt , in the inaugural Dubai Gold Cup , held earlier in the evening . The Mahmood Al Zarooni-trained stayer appeared to break his leg approximately 300 meters into the race , pitching his jockey , Silvestre de Sousa , to the ground in front of a packed Meydan grandstand . It was immediately clear the injury was serious as veterinarians rushed on to the track to attend the stricken Fox Hunt . However , when it became clear they would not be able to move him out of the way in time for the second lap of the race , the race was stopped and the remaining jockeys gradually pulled their horses up . Fox Hunt was euthanized , while De Sousa fortunately escaped uninjured after his high speed fall . The Gold Cup was eventually re-run at the end of the day 's card , when it was won by Frankie Dettori on Opinion Poll , but two horses failed to finish . Barzalona pulled up his mount Grand Vent and Bronze Cannon suffered a similar fate on the hard ground . There had been more to celebrate in the World Cup itself , Barzalona cementing his reputation for exuberance by rising in his stirrups in celebration well before the finish line , echoing his win in last year 's English Derby . Godolphin 's Al Zarooni had saddled both Monterosso and Capponi , and told CNN he felt "  incredible " about the result in only his second full season with Godolphin , Sheikh Mohammed 's vast racing operation . Sheikh Mohammed himself , speaking exclusively to CNN after the race , said he felt "  doubly happy " with the result , which saw the World Cup return to Godolphin hands after a six-year absence . "  We have n't won this race for a few years so to win it really it 's great , great feeling , " he said "  Not only for me but for the United Arab Emirates and all our people . "	Monterosso wins world 's richest horse race in Dubai French jockey Mikael Barzalona on the Godolphin trained runner Fox Hunt death mars Dubai Gold Cup on same card Incident takes place in front of main stand at Meydan
CNN  -- At least 12 Chinese sailors have been killed after their cargo ships were attacked on the Mekong River in the northern Thai province of Chiang Rai , the Chinese Foreign Ministry in Yunnan Province has said . The ministry 's website stated that two Chinese cargo ships -- the Hua Ping and Yu Xing 8 -- were attacked with gunfire on October 5 . According to the initial investigation , all six sailors from Hua Ping and six of the seven sailors from Yu Xing 8 were found dead , while one remained missing . Though still in the early stages of their investigation , Thai police say they can not rule out the involvement of drug gangs in the killings . Chiang Rai police colonel Popkorn Khuncharoensuk told CNN that the two ships were raided by a joint task force of army , marine police , local police and paramilitary following the attack , and found almost one million amphetamines on the vessels . "  This is the most gruesome incident I have ever seen , " Popkorn said . According to Popkorn , one of the bodies was found aboard the Hua Ping , while the rest were found in the Mekong River near Chiangsaen port . Three of the bodies remained unidentified , and some were found with their hands cuffed or tied . "  I ca n't rule out all possibilities , but initially there appears to be drugs involved , " Popkorn said . "  But we ca n't just quickly jump to the conclusion that it was carried out by drug gangs . The case is complicated , and we have to be very thorough . " The violent incident has unnerved many of those who ply their trade on the river . "  There are no cargo ships leaving or coming to Chiangsaen port , " said Surachart Janthawatcharakorn , Chief of Chiangsaen Customs Office . "  They have all halted their traveling because they are still frightened by the incident , and are still very concerned about their safety . " The Chinese Foreign Ministry said the Chinese Embassy in Thailand and its consulate general in Chiang Mai were investigating the murders and were working closely with Thai authorities and other relevant countries to hunt down the criminals . CNN 's Kocha Olarn and Haolan Hong contributed to this report .	Two Chinese ships were attacked on the Mekong River on October 5 China 's Foreign Ministry says at least 12 sailors were killed in the attack China says it 's working with Thai authorities to hunt down the criminals
Washington  CNN  -- He may not be zipping into a flight suit on the deck of an aircraft carrier , but President Barack Obama is embracing the set pieces of a commander at war weeks into his campaign against Islamic terrorists in Syria and Iraq . His advisers have similarly been keen to demonstrate his grasp of the global Ebola crisis , orchestrating two photo-ops in 24 hours -- on a Sunday and a federal holiday -- that showed Obama consulting with health officials about the outbreak . Neither instance featured any remarks from the president himself , or the chance to ask him questions . But as questions mount about the government 's response to a range of challenges , the pictures underscore the importance the White House now places on appearing to have a grasp on the crises it 's confronting . On Tuesday , Obama confers with top commanders and allied defense chiefs outside Washington at Joint Base Andrews -- a Navy and Air Force installation that 's more familiar to Obama as the seconds-long layover before jetting off on Air Force One or the site of weekend golf . Last week he made a rare trip across the Potomac to convene meetings with his top military brass at the Pentagon , a session he admitted would take place at the White House in calmer times . "  Now was a good time for me to come over to the Pentagon and have an opportunity to hear from our top military about the work that they 're doing , " he said on Wednesday . And last month Obama flew to Tampa for an in-person update on the war he 's waging against ISIS at U.S. Central Command , which has been executing his plan to "  degrade and ultimately destroy " the terror group . The wartime photo-op is a tool familiar to presidents going back decades : Think of the "  Mission Accomplished " banner hanging behind former President George W. Bush on the USS Abraham Lincoln as he declared an end to major combat operations in Iraq , 8 1/2 years and thousands of casualties before the war ended . That moment -- which Bush later said he regretted and which all future presidents will likely use as a model to avoid -- is a far cry from the moments the White House is crafting for Obama , which have come as the president receives updates and advice from top commanders . So , too , have the president 's aides been careful to demonstrate their grasp on the unfolding Ebola crisis , orchestrating a Sunday photograph -- shot through the Oval Office window -- of Obama discussing the latest Ebola case in Dallas with his Health and Human Services secretary . On Monday , with most of the White House darkened for the Columbus Day holiday , photographers were permitted to capture Obama meeting with top health officials to further hash out what went wrong in Dallas , where a nurse who was caring for an African patient with Ebola contracted the virus herself . For a president who has claimed to be uninterested in "  photo-ops , " the rash of appearances seem to repudiate oft-cited criticism that Obama remains too detached -- a line Republicans repeated on Sunday . "  I would say that we do n't know exactly who 's in charge , " Sen. John McCain said of the Ebola outbreak on CNN 's "  State of the Union . "	President is holding more photo-ops as his administration is eager to show him hard at work Presidents often use war time photo-ops Photographers took pictures of Obama huddling with health advisers Monday
CNN  -- A European satellite that ran out of fuel will start falling in the next few days , and fragments of the disintegrating 2,000-pound spacecraft are expected to strike the Earth 's surface . Nobody knows where or when the fragments will hit , but the European Space Agency has said the parts are likely to fall into the ocean or unpopulated areas . Potential spots will be narrowed down closer to re-entry , ESA said on its website . Re-entry probably will occur Sunday or Monday , Rune Floberghagen , mission manager for the Gravity Field and Steady-State Ocean Explorer , better known as GOCE , told the New York Times . GOCE was launched in 2009 to map variations in the Earth 's gravity in 3D , provide ocean circulation patterns and make other measurements . ESA 's website said the satellite "  became the first seismometer in orbit " in March 2011 when it detected sound waves from the earthquake that struck Japan . GOCE was expected to fall much earlier but fuel consumption was less than expected . In August , the satellite 's altitude was lowered to about 139 miles , lowest of any research satellites , to improve the accuracy of the information being gathered , ESA 's website said . GOCE ran out of fuel October 21 . On November 4 , ESA 's website said the satellite was orbiting the Earth at 119 miles and the rate of descent would increase significantly in coming days .	Nobody knows where or when fragments will strike Earth Pieces most likely to hit oceans and unpopulated areas European Space Agency launched satellite in 2009
CNN  -- International soccer star Lionel Messi has paid $ 10 million  $ 13 million  in taxes to cover the tax period 2010-2011 , prosecutors in Barcelona , Spain , told CNN Tuesday , but efforts to prosecute him for alleged tax fraud from 2007 to 2009 are still going ahead . Messi 's payment does not affect the existing investigation into the alleged tax fraud , said Jose Miguel Compan , a spokesman for the Barcelona prosecutor 's office . Messi 's lawyer , Cristobal Martell , is not taking any calls from journalists , his office said Tuesday . Compan said Messi 's lawyers had not approached prosecutors about making a deal to settle the earlier tax claim . Any deal would have to involve Messi admitting guilt , paying the amount he owes , and a fine of two to six times as much as the outstanding amount . That could total $ 12 million  $ 15.7 million  to $ 28 million  $ 36.7 million  . Messi and his father , who is also a target of the investigation , are due to appear in court on September 17 . The four-time world player of the year and his father Jorge Horacio Messi are suspected of defrauding Spanish tax authorities of more than $ 5 million between 2006 and 2009 . They deny the charges . The 26-year-old is was listed as the 10th highest-paid athletes in the world by business magazine Forbes with earnings of $ 41 million . Messi took to his Facebook website page to deny the charges earlier this month . "  We have just known through the media about the claim filed by the Spanish tax authorities , " read the statement in Spanish and English . "  We are surprised about the news , because we have never committed any infringement . "  We have always fulfilled all our tax obligations , following the advice of our tax consultants , who will take care of clarifying this situation . "	Lionel Messi has paid $ 13 million in taxes for period 2010-2011 Barcelona star still being prosecuted for alleged tax fraud between 2007-2009 Messi 's lawyer refusing to take phone calls from journalists Tuesday Football star could face final bill of $ 36.7 million
CNN  -- Jon Opsahl said he does n't think domestic terrorist-turned-housewife Sara Jane Olson served nearly enough time for his mother 's murder , but he 's relieved the saga ended with Olson 's Tuesday release from prison . Sara Jane Olson was released from a California prison Tuesday after serving seven years . Olson , a member of the self-styled revolutionary Symbionese Liberation Army -- perhaps best known for kidnapping Patricia Hearst -- was released from a California prison after serving seven years , the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation said . She was released to her husband just after midnight and is expected to serve her yearlong parole term in Minnesota -- over the the objections of police unions and Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty . Her sentence stems from her involvement in the 1975 attempted bombings of two police cars and the slaying of Myrna Opsahl during a bank robbery that same year . Back then , Olson went by her birth name , Kathleen Anne Soliah . After her 1976 indictment in the attempted bombings , she changed her name and started a new life in St. Paul , Minnesota . She was not apprehended until 1999 . "  I 've really got nothing to say . She did her time , as minimal as that may have been , " said Jon Opsahl , who was 15 when his mother was killed . "  One of those years -- just one -- was for the murder of my mom and the bank robbery up in Carmichael . " Myrna Opsahl , a mother of four , was depositing money at the Crocker National Bank for her church when she was shot by Olson 's co-defendant Emily Montague Harris , according to court documents . Harris was sentenced to eight years ; she served four and was released on parole in February 2007 . Jon Opsahl , now 49 , said he never understood why it took so long to bring his mother 's killers to justice . While charges were filed in the bombings within months , no charges were brought in his mother 's murder until 2002 . "  You expect thugs to do what thugs do , but you do n't expect the district attorney to turn a blind eye to the murder of an upstanding citizen , " Jon Opsahl said Monday . Olson 's release Tuesday will cap an oft-strange storyline that spans more than three decades and which saw Olson wear the hats of college student , 1970s radical , housewife and philanthropist . Attorney Andy Dawkins met Olson , now 62 , shortly after she moved to St. Paul through friends in the reggae band , Pressure Drop . Fred Peterson , Olson 's husband , played trumpet in the band , Dawkins said . "  She did good deeds everywhere . She raised three wonderful daughters . It was always a shock to all of us that the Sara we know had that past , " Dawkins said . After attending the University of California , Santa Barbara , Olson moved to Berkeley in the early 1970s . There , she met Angela Atwood in 1972 , and the two became best friends and roommates , Olson told L.A. Weekly in a 2002 interview shortly before she was imprisoned . After Atwood and five other SLA members were killed in a 1974 gunfight with the Los Angeles Police Department , Olson appeared at a memorial in Berkeley 's Ho Chi Minh Park to eulogize her friend . "  SLA soldiers , although I know it 's not necessary to say , keep fighting . I 'm with you , and we are with you , " Olson told the crowd . Almost a year later , Olson took part in two bank robberies to help fund the SLA , according to court documents . During the Carmichael robbery , Olson "  entered the bank with a firearm and kicked a nonresisting pregnant teller in the stomach . The teller miscarried after the robbery , " the documents said . In August 1975 , Los Angeles police found homemade bombs under two squad cars . They were designed to explode when the car moved , but neither device detonated . Authorities cast the attempted bombings as payback for the bloody shootout that left Atwood and other SLA members dead . A probe into the gunbattle helped police arrest Hearst , the granddaughter of publishing mogul William Randolph Hearst , who claimed she had been kidnapped , raped and brainwashed by the SLA . In her book "  Every Secret Thing , " Hearst put Olson at the center of the Carmichael robbery . Olson soon left California . According to the U.S. Department of Justice , "  she evaded capture for 23 years , and in the meantime , became a doctor 's wife , mother of three , community volunteer , veteran of charity work in Africa and practicing Methodist living in an upscale neighborhood in St. Paul . " Though authorities said a 1999 "  America 's Most Wanted " episode marking the 25th anniversary of the L.A. shootout led to Olson 's arrest , the show 's Web site mentions neither Olson nor Soliah among its almost 1,100 "  captures . " Her Minnesota friends and neighbors were shocked , even incredulous , when she was arrested . They pleaded with a judge to grant her bail . The Sara Olson Defense Fund began selling cookbooks , titled , "  Serving Time : America 's Most Wanted Recipes . " It would help that Olson was generous with her time . She was active in the church . She volunteered for political campaigns . Dawkins said he had a blind client to whom she used to read The New York Times . Olson 's philanthropy , coupled with the connections of her husband , a respected emergency room doctor , made raising the $ 1 million bail relatively easy , said Dawkins , who remembers that some members of the community had so much faith in Olson they put up their children 's college funds . On October 31 , 2001 , Olson pleaded guilty to two counts of attempting to ignite a destructive device or explosive . She later tried to rescind the plea , saying "  cowardice " prevented her from telling the truth . A superior court judge , however , denied her request and in January 2002 sentenced her to 20 years to life in prison , a sentence the parole board later reduced . Olson was charged with Opsahl 's slaying that same week and pleaded guilty in 2003 to second-degree murder . Olson received a sentence of five years to life . The California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation said in a statement that Olson 's sentence was reduced for good behavior and for her work on a maintenance crew that cleaned the main yard of the Central California Women 's Facility in Chowchilla . Dawkins said "  it 's right " that Olson served time , but he is glad she is being released . He expects many hugs await her in St. Paul and that she will soon be back to her generous ways . "  I really believe who we knew in St. Paul was the true Sara Olson , " he said . The Los Angeles Police Protection League disagrees and has loudly opposed her early release . Sgt. Paul Weber , the league 's chief , called her a sociopath who "  never said she was sorry . " He also lashed out at those who rush to defend her . "  Enough with the BS that she was unfairly targeted by law enforcement for her youthful indiscretions -- she is a criminal , " Weber said in a Monday statement . Corrections officials say it 's important that she be reunited with her family during her parole -- it helps reduce recidivism -- but Minnesota legislators , the governor and the St. Paul Police Federation have asked Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger to keep her in California over the next year . "  Letting a domestic terrorist like Kathleen Soliah set the terms of her parole is an insult to the memory of Myrna Opsahl and all the men and women of LAPD past and present , " the St. Paul union said in a letter last week . Jon Opsahl , however , just wants to put Olson out of his mind . "  Get her out of here , " he said . "  I do n't want to see or think about her again . "	NEW : Governor , police unions oppose Olson serving parole in Minnesota Olson evaded capture for more than 20 years living as Minnesota housewife Olson was member of Symbionese Liberation Army , which nabbed Patricia Hearst Court documents say Olson kicked pregnant teller during 1975 bank robbery
The originators of the Occupy Central movement suggest protesters should retreat , as a new poll shows support for the movement flagging . In a random survey of 513 people conducted by the University of Hong Kong , 83 % said pro-democracy protesters should cease their eight-week occupation of major roads in Hong Kong , while just 13 % said the occupiers should continue . "  Given the backlash from the community , we have advised students to think of other forms of protest , instead of just focusing on occupations , " Occupy Central co-founder Chan Kin-man told CNN . "  The occupation is controversial ; it creates disturbance -- this is something we have to admit . We have to move to a new stage . " Two-month blockade The protest has now blocked major roads around Hong Kong nearly two months in an attempt to pressure officials into giving Hong Kong open elections for its next leader . But neither the Beijing or Hong Kong governments have shown any willingness to compromise , and some protesters have grown agitated . Yesterday , the movement took an unusually aggressive turn when masked protesters rammed barricades and hurled concrete slabs to smash through a glass door to Hong Kong 's Legislative Council building -- where the city 's government meets . Protesters also charged police lines , leading police to respond with pepper spray and batons . Six were arrested , and the Hong Kong government released a statement denouncing the protesters as "  violent radicals . " Pro-democracy legislator Fernando Cheung , who tried unsuccessfully to stop the smashing , told CNN it was a "  major setback " for the movement that has won widespread praise for its politeness and civility . "  I understand they wanted to scale up the action , but they did n't understand that that would only destroy the campaign . " Student leader Alex Chow urged students to continue protesting nonviolently . "  If we do not choose to give up , then there is still hope and we can choose to utilize different tactics , to explore ways to counter the government , " he said . Uncertain future Hong Kong 's High Court has issued a series of injunctions authorizing police to begin clearing protest sites . A small section of the main protest site was cleared Tuesday , and larger clearances are planned in the coming days . In the face of the impending action , protesters disagree over what should be done next . Chan and other protest leaders have proposed a "  community education " campaign , in which democracy supporters would enter Hong Kong neighborhoods to sway locals to their cause . Another potential strategy is for the city 's pro-democracy legislators to resign en masse . This would trigger a by-election , giving Hong Kongers a chance to demonstrate their support for the democracy movement by voting the legislators back in . Other hardline demonstrators advocate an escalation of the physical occupations -- though protest leaders discourage this . Despite the uncertainty , the movement has already exceeded all expectations , said Chan . "  Our original plan was people would just sit down , holding hands , and peacefully let police arrest us , " he said . "  We expected our Occupy Central movement would only last for a few days , not weeks or months . " READ MORE : Who 's who in the protests ?	HKU survey shows 83 % say protesters should stop occupying roads in Hong Kong Occupy Central leader Chan Kin-man says occupation is "  controversial , " may need to end 6 were arrested yesterday after protesters tried breaking into a government building
CNN  -- Two teenage girls from Great Britain will fly home Thursday after spending a year behind bars in Ghana for drug-smuggling , the British High Commission in the west African country said . The girls were stopped by customs officials at Accra trying to smuggle drugs back to Britain . Ghanaian police arrested the teenagers , identified as Yasemin Vatansever and Yatunde Diya , in July 2007 as they prepared to board a British Airways flight to London . When officials searched their laptop bags as part of departure formalities , they found about 13 lbs  6 kg  of cocaine . The girls , now 17 , were 16 at the time of their arrest . They faced a maximum sentence of three years . UK media have named the girls as Yatunde Diya and Yasemin Vatansever of north London . In January , a juvenile court in Ghana sentenced the pair to nine months in jail for trying to smuggle cocaine out of the country . At the time , a British Foreign Office spokesman said the teens would not have to serve the full sentence because they had already spent more than six months in custody . But soon afterward , Ghanaian authorities changed their minds . The girls were housed in a correctional home for girls in the country 's capital , Accra . Fair Trials International , a UK-based group that provided legal assistance to the pair , called the girls "  pawns in a larger operation . " Authorities in Ghana had said a man paid the girls # 6,000  about $ 11,700  to fly to Ghana to retrieve the laptop bags containing the drugs from two of his associates , according to the country 's national news agency . Those men have not been caught . "  The girls have served their full sentences , but the men who groomed them and lured them to Ghana remain free to target other vulnerable young women , " said Catherine Wolthuizen , Fair Trials ' chief executive , in a statement this week . Ghana and other West African countries have become a transit point for drugs headed to Europe . The girls were arrested in a joint Britain-Ghana drug detection operation , the UK 's customs agency said Wednesday . CNN 's Laura Maestro contributed to this report	British teens jailed in Ghana on drugs charges , due to fly home to UK Thursday Pair , both 16 at time of arrest last July , sentenced to nine months in prison UK legal aid group says girls had been targeted , were "  pawns in a larger operation "
CNN  -- Three Delaware day care workers were arrested after police got hold of a "  disturbing " and "  shocking " cell phone video that , authorities say , shows two toddlers taking part in a fight the workers had organized . Police said Tuesday that they arrested Tiana Harris , 19 ; Estefania Myers , 21 ; and Lisa Parker , 47 , who have been charged with assault , reckless endangerment , endangering the welfare of a child and conspiracy . On Saturday , authorities responded to an unrelated incident and a person whom police would not identify showed them video of the 3-year-old boys fighting in March . The toddlers were not seriously injured , but they were "  clearly hurting each other , " said Dover Police Capt. Tim Stump . Authorities have not released the video but say one day care worker said "  No pinching , only punching " after one of the boys complained that the other had pinched him . The video purportedly shows seven other children seated in the room with their backs to the fighting , according to police . "  It 's not like they did n't know what was going on , and they were just encouraging them to continue , " Stump said . "  One of the children attempted to run , but one of the teachers pushes him back into the fray . "  We are looking into the possibility that this was not the first time it happened , but it appears to be isolated , and it seems the administration was in the dark about this , " he added . Police made the arrests Monday and addressed the incident that evening with parents and guardians of the children who attended the day care center . A spokesman for the state Division of Family Services said the agency dispatched an institutional abuse investigator to work with Dover police during their investigation . "  Depending on our findings , these women could be prohibited from working in the public sector , especially with children or senior citizens , " agency spokesman Joseph Smack said , adding that all three women had passed background checks before their employment at the center . "  It 's rare to see a case like this where the staff encouraged this type of behavior , " Smack said . Calls to the day care center were not returned , though police say the company 's business license has been suspended . The three suspects and their attorneys could not be immediately reached for comment . Police said the women have posted $ 10,000 bail and are awaiting trial . More from CNN Justice U.S. Open tennis ref charged with killing husband More body parts found in Toronto area Woman held captive in basement sues city Medical examiner rules death of handcuffed suspect a suicide	Police arrested Tiana Harris , 19 , Estefania Myers , 21 , and Lisa Parker , 47 They were charged with assault , reckless endangering , endangering the welfare of a child The women and the day care center could not be immediately reached for comment
CNN  -- Lionel Messi scored a sensational second-half hat-trick as Barcelona beat 10-man Valencia 3-0 on Sunday , but they remain behind Spanish Primera Liga leaders Real Madrid , who beat Valladolid 4-1 in the late match . After a goalless opening 45 minutes at the Nou Camp , the introduction of substitute Thierry Henry turned the game , with the Frenchman 's pace and guile causing chaos in the Valencia defence , allowing Messi to take full advantage with three superb goals . The opener came in the 56th minute when the 22-year-old Argentine somehow weaved his way past three defenders before slotting home from a tight angle . Valencia then missed a golden opportunity to level when giant striker Nikola Zigic was foiled by goalkeeper Victor Valdes after being put clean through . Then , just a minute later , the visitors had Hedwiges Maduro sent off for two bookable offences on Messi -- leaving gaps at the back that Barcelona exploited . Messi curled home his second goal with nine minutes remaining and just a minute later Valencia 's defence parted again to allow Messi to chip home a delightful third goal . Valencia remain third despite the defeat , but they are now a massive 18 points off the lead , leaving the title race very much a two-team affair . Despite the victory , Barcelona remain behind bitter rivals Real Madrid on goal difference after Manuel Pellegrino 's side recovered well from their Champions League exit to Lyon in midweek by thrashing Valladolid . Striker Gonzalo Higuain emulated the feat of fellow-Argentine Messi with a hat-trick , with Cristiano Ronaldo netting the opener courtesy of a trademark free-kick , as Real remain top by virtue of having a two-goal better goal difference . Elsewhere , Villarreal improved their chances of reaching the Europa League with a 2-0 home win over Xerez -- avenging their 2-1 defeat to the bottom side last October .	Lionel Messi scores a superb hat-trick as Barcelona thump Valencia 3-0 But Real Madrid remain top of the table after a 4-1 victory at Valladolid The results mean Real Madrid remain ahead of Barcelona on goal difference
CNN  -- The main thrust of a raging storm that dumped snow in parts of the Midwest over the weekend moved north of the border Monday , but the United States will still feel some of its effects in the form of rain , snow or frigid temperatures . The low pressure system that brought snow the Midwest and below freezing temperatures deep into the South was centered in Canada north of Maine late Monday . The Northeast could expect rain for most of the night , but some snow in New York and Vermont . The Great Lakes area could see up to two feet more of lake-effect snow -- on top of what fell there last week -- through Tuesday morning . And the cold in the east is n't going away anytime soon . The storm clogged up travel over the weekend , stranding motorists and delaying flights -- and even forcing the delay of an NFL game when the inflatable roof of Minnesota 's Metrodome collapsed under 16 inches of snow . In northwest Indiana , at least two counties declared a state of emergency and urged drivers to stay off the roads . Police and highway crews struggled to dig out some stranded motorists and clear roads covered with blowing and drifting snow . LaPorte County Sheriff 's Deputy Patrick Drangmeister said several motorists remained stranded Monday in various locations throughout the county . He said every available deputy was out trying to help . Motorists were urged to avoid all but highly essential travel . At the Indiana State Police post in Lowell , which covers LaPorte and Porter County , which is also under a state of emergency , Sgt. Chad Woody said as many as 75 vehicles had been stranded Sunday night along a stretch of Indiana Route 2 near I-65 that has since been cleared . "  Our primary concerns are the secondary roads , " he said . "  The interstates seem to be in pretty good shape at this time . " The problem , particularly in LaPorte and Porter counties , was a double whammy from lake-effect snow and high wind that was blowing snow back onto roadways as soon as it 's cleared , said Indiana Department of Transportation spokesman Jim Pinkerton in LaPorte . Fort Wayne , Indiana , resident David Volmerding was among those caught in the storm while trying to make it home from Chicago with his wife , Donna . "  You literally could not see the road at all , " he said . "  You just had to come to a stop and wait for a chance to see something . " The weather forced them to stop in Wanatah , Indiana , where they sought refuge in the local Burger King . When weather forced the restaurant to close , they moved to the fire station . They were spending Monday at the city 's town hall , watching a forecast that could force them to spend another night in Watanah . The road they were traveling , U.S. 30 , was one of two in northwest Indiana closed due to weather . The other was U.S. 6 south of LaPorte . The National Weather Service posted winter weather notices Monday for portions of Indiana , Ohio , Kentucky , Tennessee , Pennsylvania , New York and the New England states as the storm moved eastward . High wind warnings accompanied chilly temperatures as far south as Alabama , Georgia and Florida , forcing NASA to delay a scheduled test of the space shuttle Discovery 's damaged external fuel tank at the Kennedy Space Center . Temperatures in the South were n't expected to rise above freezing . In the Midwest , temperatures were n't forecast to rise above the teens . Although airlines canceled more than 1,700 flights Sunday , the Federal Aviation Administration was reporting no weather-related delays at airports around the country as of mid-day Monday . United Airlines reported it had canceled 12 flights at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago . Continental Airlines said it had pulled the plug on 96 flights at Cleveland Hopkins International Airport , where forecasters say as much as a foot of snow could fall by the end of the week . In Ohio , Kent State University student Katy Brown said she was spending the day relaxing and watching TV after getting a text message from the school saying that afternoon exams were canceled after a foot of snow . "  They finally got some common sense , " she said . Parts of Tennessee saw as much as 8 inches of snow . The snow was lighter in Nashville , but state troopers still responded to 164 crashes , spokesman Mike Browning said . In Minneapolis , workers began trying to repair the roof of the Metrodome , where the Minnesota Vikings play . The roof collapsed under the weight of snow , forcing the NFL to delay Sunday 's scheduled Vikings game against the New York Giants until Monday night and to move it to Detroit . Meanwhile , school children there got a day off . Minneapolis Public Schools called off classes for Monday as a result of heavy snows and dangerously cold temperatures . CNN iReporter Jack Paar of St. Paul , Minnesota , said this was the worst blizzard he has seen in the six years he has lived there . He captured footage of a person cross-country skiing down a street . "  That 's the best way to get around -- cross-country skis , " Paar said amid cars immobilized by snow . The snow caused the roof of the 64,000-seat Metrodome in Minneapolis to collapse Sunday morning , Minnesota State Patrol spokesman Lt. Eric Roeske said . Workers wielding shovels could be seen clearing the roof of the heavy white stuff , while photos from inside the darkened stadium showed much of the field covered with snow that fell from a gaping hole in the dome . Roy Terwilliger , chairman of the Metropolitan Sports Facilities Commission -- the group that oversees the Metrodome -- said that the heavy snow and cold , plus high winds were "  too much pressure on the dome , and several panels on the Teflon roof were caused to rip . " By late Sunday night , sheets of ice , many large ice chunks and snow remained frozen on the field . Steve Maki , facilities director at the facilities commission , said this was the fourth collapse of the Metrodome due to snow . "  It looks worse than what it is , in some respects , because the repair , as I understand it , will be basically to unclamp the old fabric and clamp new fabric in its place and then blow the roof back up , " Maki said Sunday night . CNN 's Holly Yan , Chris Welch , Rob Marciano , T.J. Holmes , Helena DeMoura and Adam Shivers contributed to this report .	NEW : The storm has moved into Canada , but cold weather remains in eastern U.S. Some motorists in northwest Indiana remain stranded The storm is expected to impact eastern United States through the middle of the week
CNN Student News  -- Discussion Questions 1 . When did the U.S. government establish a holiday in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. ? When in January does this holiday typically take place ? 2 . Who was Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. ? What are some of his accomplishments ? What cause did he work for ? How did he approach this cause ? How did he think that people should bring about political and social change ? 3 . What is the title of Dr. King 's most well-known speech ? When and where was this speech given ? What do you think Dr. King was trying to say in this speech ? Why do you think that it has become so famous ? 4 . How does community service play a role in the MLK holiday ? What does "  A day on , not a day off " mean ? What are some of the activities that people participate in to observe the holiday in Dr. King 's honor ? Activities 1 . Read or listen to Dr. King 's famous "  I have a dream " speech . What were the points Dr. King was trying to make ? What views did he express on equality ? Why do you think that he chose to promote peaceful protest as a means to that end ? What are your reactions to this speech ? Share your thoughts with the class or write them in a journal . 2 . In the "  I have a dream " speech , Dr. King says that he hopes that one day , his children "  will be judged not by the color of their skin , but by the content of their character . " What does this mean ? Create artwork , song lyrics or an interactive presentation that captures what Dr. King meant when he spoke of the content of one 's character . Share your creation with the class . 3 . Many people volunteer for community service projects on MLK Day . If you have ever been part of a community service project , share your experience with the class and talk about how the community benefited from the project , and what you got out of helping others . If you have never been involved in community service , consider what you could do to help someone else . Do you have a talent or skill , however small , that might help someone else ? Elderly neighbors might appreciate your willingness to pick up their mail , for example . Another student might need help in a subject that you excel in . And if you are capable  and have your parents ' permission  , you might even consider being part of a bigger project , like landscaping around a school or painting a community center . Think about what you can do , not just on MLK Day , but on a regular basis to help your community be a better place , and then make a commitment to make it happen . Standards Social Studies V. Individuals , Groups and Institutions Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of interactions among individuals , groups , and institutions . VI . Power , Authority and Governance Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of how people create and change structures of power , authority , and governance . The Curriculum Standards for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/standards/strands/  are published by the National Council for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/  . Resources The Martin Luther King , Jr. . Research and Education Institute  http://mlk-kpp01.stanford.edu/ Constitution.net : The I Have a Dream Speech  http://www.usconstitution.net/dream.html Martin Luther King , Jr. . Day of Service  http://www.mlkday.gov/ The King Center  http://www.thekingcenter.org/	Monday , January 18 , 2010 is Martin Luther King Jr. . Day Use these questions and activities to address the holiday and the man whom it honors Feel free to adapt these questions and activities to accommodate students of different grade levels and learning styles
CNN  -- A last minute Thomas Vermaelen goal gave Arsenal a vital 2-1 Premier League home win over Newcastle on Monday , a result that closes the gap on third-placed Tottenham to just a single point . Central defender Vermaelen pounced from close range to finally end the resistance of a stubborn Newcastle side who had defended superbly in an absorbing encounter . Arsenal enjoyed the majority of possession but it was Newcastle who opened the scoring in the 14th minute when Hatem Ben Arfa cut inside from the right and fizzed in a low shot that beat goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny at his near post . But , within a minute , Arsenal had drawn level and yet again it was Robin van Persie who scored for the Gunners . The Premier League 's top scorer produced great skill to hold off defender Mike Williamson before firing home his 26th league goal of the season and 33rd in all competitions . Arsenal continued to pose the bigger threat after the break , although Newcastle looked dangerous on the counter-attack . Tomas Rosicky nearly celebrated signing a new Arsenal contract when firing wide from close range , while substitute Gervinho somehow missed the Newcastle goal from six yards out . Then Newcastle goalkeeper Tim Krul pulled off a brilliant save to tip over a powerful Vermaelen header . But Vermaelen was not to be denied and , with just a minute of injury time remaining , Arsenal broke clear through Theo Walcott , and the England international 's cross was met by his Belgian teammate who had made a 50-yard run to get into the penalty area . Arsenal , who also became the first team in Premier League history to win four games in a row after conceding the opening goal , are now three points ahead of Chelsea in the race for fourth place , with Newcastle a further five points behind in sixth place . Elsewhere in Europe , Getafe secured their first Spanish Primera Liga win since January with a 2-1 success at struggling Villarreal . Goals from Diego Castro and Abdelaziz Barrada proved enough for the Madrid-based side , who are now up to 13th in the table , while Villarreal remain just three points above the relegation zone . Meanwhile , Dutch giants PSV Eindhoven have dismissed coach Fred Rutten following a run of three straight defeats . Rutten , who took over as coach in April 2009 , is replaced by his assistant Phillip Cocu until the end of the season , after recent losses to FC Twente  6-2  , Valencia  4-2  and NAC Breda  3-1  .	A last minute Thomas Vermaelen goal sees Arsenal defeat Newcastle 2-1 The win sees Arsenal close gap to third-placed Tottenham to just one point Getafe claim a 2-1 success at Villarreal in the Spanish Primera Liga on Monday Dutch giants PSV Eindhoven sack coach Fred Rutten following a run of defeats
CNN  -- Facing growing global pressure over rising violence in his country , Syria 's embattled president had little choice but to accept a U.N. special envoy 's peace proposal , analysts said Tuesday . "  He has nothing to lose , and he has something to gain , and that is that he can potentially slow down the process of international isolation that is taking place , " said Joshua Landis , an associate professor at the University of Oklahoma who writes a daily newsletter analyzing events in Syria . Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his government "  understand that this is truly their last opportunity to hang on to power , " said Murhaf Jouejati , a Syrian-born scholar at the Middle East Institute in Washington . "  They can not mess any more with the international community , lest they create a unified front against them , " Jouejati said . Nations watching Syria after it accepts peace plan Timing was likely a key factor in the Syrian government 's response this week to special envoy Kofi Annan 's six-point plan , analysts said . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and other global leaders are expected to discuss ways to assist the Syrian opposition at a "  Friends of Syria " meeting in Istanbul Sunday . "  Al-Assad  wants to slow that down , and by accepting this peace plan , it makes it difficult for Clinton to announce further measures while the United Nations is carrying out a negotiation , " Landis said . Annan called Syria 's agreement "  an important initial step . " But analysts cautioned that the next steps the Syrian government and members of the opposition will take are unclear -- and crucial in deciding the nation 's future . Annan 's six-point plan Elliott Abrams , a senior fellow for Middle Eastern studies at the Council on Foreign Relations , said Syria 's agreement to Annan 's plan is a "  fraud " aimed at buying time . "  They can keep on negotiating and drag this out , because with every passing week they kill more dissidents . I think what the regime is hoping is they can crush all of this before anybody moves to help the opposition , " he said . Russian officials , who met with Annan to discuss his plan over the weekend , likely encouraged Syria to sign on , Abrams said . "  The Russians have been talking about ending the violence , and it would be logical that they would advise Assad to talk a good game , and not to reject it , but rather to use it to gain more time , " Abrams said . Along with China , Russia -- a long-time ally of al-Assad -- has vetoed recent United Nations resolutions to condemn al-Assad and his government 's crackdown on anti-government protests . "  What the Russians have done is signaled that , ` Look , you have one opportunity , you 'd better make it count . ' Because it 's not clear to anyone at the international level that the Russians and the Chinese are willing to press along with Assad indefinitely . " said Aram Nerguizian , a visiting fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . Some analysts said a key difference in Annan 's plan made it more palatable to the Syrian government : It does n't require al-Assad to leave office . "  Previous efforts have been to get President Assad to agree to step down and initiate some kind of transfer of power from him to revolutionaries . Kofi Annan , of course is not asking that , " Landis said . "  He is turning to the Chinese and Russians and hoping to draw them in and just stop the fighting , with Assad staying in power . " Nerguizian described Annan 's plan as "  fundamentally different in ways that signal a willingness to step back from the brink . " In addition to allowing al-Assad to stay in power , Annan 's plan also criticizes both sides for the violence , Nerguizian said . But allowing al-Assad to stay in power is an option opposition leaders are n't likely to support , Jouejati said . "  Something that is more serious would be , perhaps , a political dialogue in which Assad accepts to step down in order to form a transitional government . ... This is like having a political dialogue with Stalin . How does one have a political dialogue with another party that has a gun to the head of a civilian population ? " Jouejati said . The Syrian government "  is simply playing for time , " said former U.S. ambassador to Syria Edward Djerejian . "  It will talk the talk of cooperation with the international community , but not walk the walk on the actual requirements that are necessary , such as really ceasing the use of lethal force against its own people in the streets of Syria , " said Djerejian , director of Rice University 's James A. Baker III Institute for Public Policy . But even if the Syrian government is just stalling for time , that does n't mean negotiations should stop , Nerguizian said . "  The reality is the alternative is to do nothing , and the alternative is to let a protracted crisis become a regional nightmare , " he said . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Analyst : Syrian president "  has nothing to lose , and he has something to gain " Timing was likely a key factor in the response to Annan 's proposal , analysts say Russian officials likely encouraged Syria to sign on to the police plan Annan 's plan does not require Bashar al-Assad to leave office
CNN  A door bearing a graffiti drawing by British artist Banksy was seized by police in Gaza on Thursday after a dispute over its sale , a Gaza police official told CNN on Thursday . The owner of the door , Rabea Darduna , filed a complaint with a Gaza court stating that , without realizing its value , he sold the door for just $ 175 U.S. . The iron door will remain in the possession of the Khan Younis police in southern Gaza until a court hearing at a date yet to be determined . When Darduna 's Gaza home was destroyed in last summer 's war , he says he felt he was left with nothing . Only a doorway and a door . He sold the door to bring in some money to care for his six children , not realizing the prize he had . "  We sold it as we would sell an iron door , " Darduna said Monday , "  for $ 175 . And the man took it . " Darduna says he was duped into believing the door was a normal door when it was really a canvas for Banksy , one of the world 's most famous graffiti artists , who had painted a Greek goddess with her head in her hand . The door was likely worth a small fortune -- a fortune Darduna gave away for a fraction of its value . "  Things started becoming clear that the artist is worldwide famous , and he drew it secretly , " said Darduna . " -LSB- The buyer -RSB- used us . My house is demolished . We 're destroyed emotionally . We ask him to return the door . " Banksy 's graffiti in Gaza has become an attraction after he visited in February and painted a series of political messages . His works adorn walls and homes turning rubble into riches . Some of Banksy 's art has sold for hundreds of thousands of dollars . Banksy has never revealed his identity , but he is an English graffiti artist who began displaying his work in the early 1990s . His street art often portrays political and social messages . Mohammed Alshanbari says he 's had offers for Banksy 's portrait of a cat playing with a ball of mangled metal , but he refuses to sell . In text accompanying the image on his official website , Banksy wrote : "  A local man came up and said ` Please -- what does this mean ? ' I explained I wanted to highlight the destruction in Gaza by posting photos on my website -- but on the internet people only look at pictures of kittens . " Alshanbari says he 's looking after the mural on the wall where his house once stood . "  A lot of people showed up and people asked to buy it , but I 'm keeping it , and I wo n't sell it , " he says . "  It 's a graffiti from the most famous artist in the world , and I ca n't give it away . It stands where the house used to stand . I cleared a lot of rubble , but left the wall . " CNN 's Talal Abu-Rahma reported from Gaza and CNN 's Steve Almasy reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz and Oren Liebermann contributed to this report .	Rabea Darduna 's Gaza home was destroyed last year ; he sold his door to bring in some money On Thursday , Gaza police seized the door , which had originally been sold for $ 175 U.S. Some of Banksy 's art has sold for hundreds of thousands of dollars
It looks like the big blue eyeball found on a Florida beach last week was cut out of a swordfish hauled in by a deep-sea angler , the state Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said Monday . A beachcomber found the softball-sized eyeball on the sand in Pompano Beach , Florida , on Wednesday , speculating that perhaps it came from a squid . But experts who examined the eyeball made their call of swordfish based on the its size  softball  , color  blue  and structure  presumably swordfishy  , according to a statement from Joan Herrera , curator of collections at the agency 's Fish and Wildlife Research Institute in St. Petersburg . Based on straight cuts on the bone around the eyeball , Herrera said , experts think an angler cut it out of a swordfish and tossed it overboard . The half-ton fish are frequently found in the Florida Straits off South Florida at this time of year , according to the statement . DNA testing is being done to confirm the finding , the agency said .	Mystery eyeball probably cut from a swordfish by an angler , state wildlife agency says A beachcomber made the unusual find last week in Pompano Beach , Florida
CNN  -- Unrest and dissension rolled across Egypt on Friday as authorities killed two Muslim Brotherhood members during a gunfight and clashed with protesters in several cities . Egyptian security forces killed the Muslim Brotherhood members during a gunfight in the Nile Delta , north of Cairo , the state news agency MENA reported Friday . Several men attempted to torch a traffic checkpoint and opened fire on police guarding a highway connecting the cities of Tanta and Al-Mahalla Al-Kubra in the northern governorate of Gharbiya , MENA said . One assailant was arrested , but the others escaped , the report said . Egyptian police dispersed protests organized by supporters of former President Mohamed Morsy in various cities , arresting a number of protesters . In Fayoum , police fired tear gas to disperse a demonstration . Police officials said they arrested five protesters , including a student , and confiscated a weapon . Seven people were injured . Police dispersed protests in Damietta , arresting four people . Police said they confiscated knives and images of "  the four-fingered sign " from protesters , a reference to the image of a yellow hand used by many Morsy supporters . Muslim Brotherhood supporters clashed with opponents in Damietta , according to reports . A number of shop windows and one car were slightly damaged in the clashes . Several pro-Brotherhood demonstrators were arrested during protests in the northern port city of Alexandria , security officials said . The group said in a statement on Facebook that one protester was killed in Alexandria . However , the city 's security chief , Nasser El-Abd , has not confirmed the allegation . Security forces fired tear gas at dozens of pro-Morsy protesters gathering in the northeastern Cairo district of Nasr City and in Giza 's Haram district . In Ain Shams in eastern Cairo , Al-Ahram Arabic news website reported clashes on Friday afternoon between about 300 Morsy supporters and riot police . Protesters denounced the presidential candidacy of former military chief Abdel Fattah El-Sisi , chanting against the police and the army . The former field marshal , whose popularity has skyrocketed since he led Morsy 's ouster , is expected to win the May presidential election . Egyptian authorities have officially designated the Brotherhood a terrorist organization , accusing it of links to Islamist militants . The group denies any links to violence and insists that its means of protest are all peaceful . Attacks targeting police and the army have spiked since the military ousted Morsy last summer amid massive nationwide protests against his rule . An ongoing crackdown on his Islamist supporters has left hundreds killed and thousands behind bars . The government says that nearly 500 , mostly police officers and troops , have since been killed in shootings , bombings and suicide attacks .	Egyptian authorities said Muslim Brotherhood members tried to torch highway checkpoint Two Brotherhood members were killed in the gunfight Supporters of ousted President Mohamed Morsy protested in several cities Police said they confiscated weapons in Damietta
CNN  -- It was a tight squeeze for a giant new cruise ship sailing from Europe to its home port in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , over the weekend . Royal Caribbean 's Allure of the Seas passed under Denmark 's Storebaelt Bridge with about a foot to spare , drawing applause from people on board the ship . The captain called it "  the great excitement of the day . " The normal height of the ship from the water level to the top is about 73 meters  240 feet  , said Capt. Hernan Zini , but the vessel could n't be higher than 65 meters  213 feet  in order to safely go under the bridge , the captain said . To make that happen , the crew lowered the ship 's retractable twin smokestacks , carefully adjusted the ballast so the ship would n't be too light  and therefore sitting too high in the water  and boosted its speed . "  When you increase the speed in relatively confined waters , the ship has a suction effect from the bottom , and that actually makes the ship go a bit deeper into the water , " Zini said . The plan went off without a hitch , and the ship safely cleared the bridge . Video : Watch from up close  advance video to 2:05 YouTube : Watch from the shore The vessel is the sister ship of the Oasis of the Seas . The pair are the largest cruise ships in the world . The Allure of the Seas is scheduled to arrive in Florida on November 11 . Its official naming ceremony will take place on November 28 , and the ship will sail on its inaugural cruise in early December .	Royal Caribbean 's Allure of the Seas safely passes under Denmark 's Storebaelt Bridge Crew lowered the ship 's retractable twin smokestacks and adjusted the ballast The vessel is sailing to its home port in in Fort Lauderdale , Florida
CNN  -- Dutch media expressed concern Tuesday about the prospects of Joran van der Sloot getting a fair trial following his arrest in Peru over the death of a 21-year-old woman . Peruvian authorities say that Van der Sloot has already confessed to killing Stephany Flores Ramirez and could be charged on Tuesday . If convicted of murder he could face up to 35 years in jail . The case has attracted international attention because van der Sloot was twice arrested and released in connection with the disappearance of American teenager Natalee Holloway in Aruba in 2005 . In a comment piece published on Tuesday morning before the alleged confession , Dutch newspaper Trouw warned that police and authorities in Peru were under "  overwhelming pressure " from the media to condemn van der Sloot , as soon as possible , warning that his presumed guilt appeared to be a "  foregone conclusion " which risked turning his case into a "  show trial . " It also criticized the "  openness " of the Peruvian police in placing van der Sloot in front of television cameras wearing a bulletproof vest , warning that it could compromise the case against the suspect . "  Showing the suspect as a trophy could seriously harm the investigation . It could influence witnesses before they are heard , " said Trouw . Trouw also criticized Dutch forensic psychology professor Corine de Ruiter who speculated in another Dutch newspaper , De Volkskrant , that van der Sloot displayed "  all the major features of a classic psychopath . " De Ruiter has not met van der Sloot and told De Volkskrant her suggestion that he may have a psychopathic disorder was based on analysis of "  books , images and interviews " concerning the case . She cited an interview he gave on Dutch television in 2008 following which he threw a glass of wine into the face of crime reporter Peter R. de Vries . Psychopathic personality disorder is a chronic mental illness also known as antisocial personality disorder . Those with the condition "  typically have no regard for right and wrong " and may be prone to violent behavior , according to MayoClinic.com . De Ruiter told the newspaper that typical psychopathic characteristics included a lack of empathy and guilt , manipulative tendencies , pathological lying and narcissism . "  Psychopaths have a certain flair . They have wit , and they can also be very charming and polite , " de Ruiter said . But Trouw , in the opinion piece published before van der Sloot 's alleged confession , said : "  What if he is still proven innocent ? On closer inspection , the 22-year-old Dutchman is just a suspect in an ` ordinary ' murder investigation . So he must be treated . Until the court has sentenced , after thorough deliberation . " That sentiment was echoed by the Web site of the English language Radio Netherlands Worldwide which voiced concerns about the amount of possible evidence which had already been made public . It noted that van der Sloot was "  already a well-known figure in the United States , the Netherlands and in Aruba . " "  Generally , the Netherlands never interferes with legal processes in other countries , but there may well be reason to protest in this case , " it said . Radio Netherlands Worldwide said van der Sloot 's alleged confession over the killing of Flores was a "  surprise " as van der Sloot had previosly refused to say anything about his alleged involvement . "  For Peru , Joran van der Sloot is principally a matter of prestige , " the Web site said . "  His rights and privacy are secondary to the country 's desire to show off to the world with its handling of the Stephany Flores murder case . " Matthijs Spits in Amsterdam contributed to this story .	Dutch paper Trouw says van der Sloot case risks becoming a "  show trial " Paper says Peruvian authorities ' "  openness " could compromise trial De Volkskrant says van der Sloot displays "  psychopathic " tendencies Radio Netherlands Worldwide says there could be reason to protest over the case
CNN  -- When the patrons of the Stonewall Inn fought back after the New York police raided that Greenwich Village gay bar 44 years ago , no one there imagined the federal government would ever recognize the rights of two women or two men to get married . No other movement for equality in the United States has ever traveled so far or so quickly as the push for equality for gay men and women . I have a vivid memory of a dinner at Gracie Mansion with Tom Stoddard , an early leader of the gay rights movement , and Ed Koch , then the mayor of New York , sometime in the late '80s , when the idea of same-sex marriage was first in the air . "  If you think people are going to go for this , you 're crazy ! " Koch said . I 'm sure I agreed with Koch at the time . As a gay man who came out the year after the Stonewall riots , I have witnessed more change than I had ever imagined would be possible in my own lifetime . When I was a reporter for The New York Times in the 1970s , like every other gay employee there , I was securely in the closet . No gay person there believed his or her career could survive a disclosure about sexual orientation . Opinion : Fight for gay rights must continue In fact , in 1980 , there was exactly one openly gay reporter at a daily paper in New York City : Joe Nicholson of the New York Post . By 1996 , more than 300 of Nicholson 's colleagues at other mainstream media outlets had followed his example . That gives a small idea of how far and how quickly we have come . With Wednesday 's two decisions from the Supreme Court , one ordering the federal government to recognize same-sex marriages wherever they occur , the other reinstating marriage equality in California by letting a lower court ruling stand , the court 's five-member majority has placed itself firmly on the right side of history . This is the third historic gay rights decision written by Justice Anthony Kennedy . The first one was Romer v. Evans , in 1996 , when the court threw out a Colorado state constitutional amendment that had forbidden protection for gay people from discrimination . The second one was Lawrence v. Texas , decided 10 years ago on Wednesday , which outlawed every state statute that had criminalized same-sex love-making . The harbingers for Wednesday 's decision were clearly in place in Kennedy 's Colorado opinion . In 1996 , he wrote , "  A state can not ... deem a class of persons a stranger to its laws . " The Colorado provision had singled out gay people as "  a solitary class , " creating a legal disability so sweeping , it could only be explained "  by animus . " On Wednesday , Kennedy wrote that the Defense of Marriage Act "  writes inequality into the entire United States code . " ...  Its -RSB-  principal effect is to identify a subset of state-sanctioned marriages and make them unequal . " The court called DOMA an "  unusual deviation from the tradition of recognizing and accepting the benefits and responsibilities that come with federal recognition of their marriages . This is strong evidence of a law having the purpose and effect of disapproval of a class recognized and protected by state law . DOMA 's avowed purpose and practical effect are to impose a disadvantage , a separate status , and so a stigma upon all who enter into same-sex marriages made lawful by the unquestioned authority of the states . " Among other things , Wednesday 's decision is a reminder of just how important the political process is to progress in America . The first person nominated by Ronald Reagan to fill what is now Kennedy 's seat was Robert Bork . Bork was a fierce opponent of equal rights for gay people , and if the Democrats in the United States Senate had not blocked his nomination , opening the way to Kennedy 's appointment , none of these historic decisions might have been possible . Opinion : How youth led change in public attitudes Wednesday 's decisions also would likely not have happened without the election of Barack Obama in 2008 . As Andrew Tobias , treasurer of the Democratic National Committee , said Wednesday , John McCain repeatedly promised to appoint justices like John Roberts and Antonin Scalia , both of whom were in the minority on DOMA . "  So the vote would have been 6 to 3 against , instead of 5 to 4 in favor , " Tobias said , without the votes of Obama appointees Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan . James Esseks , director of the American Civil Liberties Union 's Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Transgender & AIDS Project , said , "  One of the things that 's really important about the DOMA decision is that it gets rid of the core of the last federal law that requires discrimination against gay people . The country used to have a lot of laws that required discrimination against gay people , " including an executive order signed by President Dwight Eisenhower in 1953 that banned gay employees in the federal government and all its contractors  an order that remained in effect until it was vacated in 1975  . "  Until 1991 , federal immigration law actually barred gay people from entering the country , " Esseks recalled . We still have a long way to go . While the Proposition 8 ruling makes California the 13th state to allow same-sex marriage , there are still 37 that do not . For more than 30 years , Congress has refused to pass a law that would make it illegal to fire someone because of his or her sexual orientation , and there is no chance that will change as long as Republicans control the House . Bullying of gay children and gay teenagers also remains routine at elementary schools and high schools throughout the land . There is something bittersweet about a decision that expands the equality of gay people the day after the same court , including Kennedy , issued a horrendous decision gutting the Voting Rights Act , perhaps the most important civil rights achievement of our time . This is especially true because the black civil rights movement provided all the blueprints that made the gay movement possible . Opinion : The only history that counts for me is my own But Wednesday is still a day for great celebration . On Wednesday my country continued its journey toward fundamental fairness for people like me faster than any member of my generation ever thought it could . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Kaiser .	Charles Kaiser : At Stonewall riot 44 years ago , no one would have imagined today 's ruling He says the push for equality for gay men and women has made incredibly fast , recent progress He says much of it due to political process ; boons of Kennedy appointment , Obama election Kaiser : Still a long way to go on same-sex marriage equality , but there is cause for celebration
CNN  -- If your post-Thanksgiving shopping plans do n't involve leaving the house , you 're in increasingly good company . And Web sellers are saying , "  Step right in . " As more people do at least some of their holiday shopping online every year , retailers are looking to take advantage of digital deal-seekers -- not just on the much-ballyhooed Cyber Monday , but on Black Friday and even Thanksgiving Day . ComScore , the online analytics firm , is predicting that online spending is going to increase yet again this holiday season . So far this November , $ 9.7 billion has been spent online , comScore estimated , marking a 14 % increase versus the corresponding days last year . Wednesday , November 16 , has been the heaviest online spending day to date at $ 688 million . "  With the persistent backdrop of macroeconomic uncertainty and continued high unemployment , consumers appear to be increasingly favoring the online benefits of convenience and lower prices , " said comScore chairman Gian Fulgoni . "  Based on the expectation that these positive spending trends will continue for the season , this year promises to be a Merry Christmas indeed for online retailers . " The National Retail Federation says the average shopper plans to do about 36 % of their holiday shopping online , up from 32.7 % last year . And retailers are going after them aggressively . In a survey , 33 % of respondents told comScore they think they 've seen more online sales and bargains this year , while 45 % said it seems about the same . Only 7 % said they 've seen fewer sales or promotions . The Retail Federation says that more than nine in 10 retailers plan to offer free shipping for online orders at some time this season . And more than one-third say they 're offering free shipping earlier this year than last year . Among digital shoppers , it 's perhaps not surprising that electronic gadgets appear at the top of the shopping list . Consumer-electronics site Retrevo 's polling results showed that almost one-third  32 %  of its respondents will be searching for a deal on a tablet computer this year . In an interesting twist that might point to the future of the tablet market , the same number of people said they hope to get a Kindle Fire this year  10 %  as said they want an iPad . The $ 199 Fire actually finished slightly ahead of the iPad , which starts at $ 499 , among men in the survey . High-definition televisions were next at 25 % , with laptops and smartphones following close behind . Retrevo has n't just been polling shoppers , either . Their gadget folks have rounded up some lists to help with your online shopping this holiday -- particularly on Black Friday . They 've assembled a list of online deals to watch for , as well as a list of online "  duds " that might not be so attractive . They like a 55-inch Samsung LCD TV for $ 1,099 at Sears and the Acer Iconia tablet  running Android  for $ 299 from Staples , among other potential bargains . Not so attractive ? Retrevo says a 55-inch plasma TV going for $ 600 at Sears is already available for $ 100 less elsewhere , and a Toshiba blu-ray player being offered for as low as $ 39 on some sites requires a $ 49 adapter if you want it to run Wi-Fi . And this year , bargains may be increasingly creeping in front of potential shoppers via social-media . Retailers are using their Facebook and Twitter accounts , among others , to reach out to shoppers . Examples ? CVS Pharmacy is hosting a quiz on its Facebook page , offering a 20-percent-off coupon for people who take it . In addition to listing specials , RadioShack 's page has a "  So Wrong , So Right " contest that lets fans submit a picture of a terrible give for a chance to win a much better one . And Sears is using Twitter , as well as Facebook , to let customers vote on which items they 'd like to see on sale on Black Friday . "  Brands are starting to see that this word-of-mouth scale really works and creates a bigger sense of urgency to purchase , " Elisabeth Diana , a spokeswoman for Facebook , told USA Today .	More retailers are offering deals for online shoppers , experts say National Retail Federation predicts Web spending will be up this year Survey : Online shoppers just as likely to want a Kindle Fire as an iPad While there are good deals to be found , look out for duds , as well
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi dismissed the government Tuesday and agreed to a 15 % cut in fuel prices , in addition to other economic reforms , seeking to end weeks of tense protests led by tens of thousands of Houthi loyalists in the capital , Sanaa . Houthis , also known as "  Ansarullah , " have rejected the initiative . Houthi representative Mohammed Abdul-Salam announced they will continue protesting in Sanaa and its outskirts since the government did not involve them in the initiative . "  We do not agree with the initiative announced by the government committee , and we will stand with the Yemeni people in their call for their rights , " he said . Tens of thousands of Houthi supporters have been rallying for weeks to demand that a recently approved oil subsidy reform be revoked and that the government step down before they agree to lift their tents from Sanaa and the outskirts . The President 's initiative also calls on the Houthis to withdraw fighters from Amran province and an immediate end of clashes in the northern Jawf province . Ali al-Bukaiti , A top Ansarullah leader , said that Houthi supporters , who follow the Zaidi sect of Islam , will not be tricked by the government 's light reforms and that their demands are clear . On Monday , hours after Houthi leader Abdul-Malik al-Houthi announced escalating the protests , Hadi sent Sanaa Mayor Abdul-Qadir Hilal to Saada province to give dialogue a final chance . Government committees that held talks with Houthi leaders over the previous two weeks did n't resolve the political tension . In a televised speech Sunday , al-Houthi said that his supporters would continue to protest and that at the right time , he would announce more stages of escalation . "  The final stage will be the hardest , and we will think of all ways to intensify our struggle and force the government to step down , " he said . For years , Yemen has faced violent battles against Houthi rebels .	Houthi official says protests will continue , government did not involve Houthis in the initiative Tens of thousands demand revocation of oil subsidy reform , call for a new government Official : "  We do not agree with the initiative ... and we will stand with the Yemeni people "
New York  CNN  -- Protesters poured onto the streets of New York late Wednesday , upset over a grand jury 's decision not to indict a police officer in the death of Eric Garner . They marched at the same time U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced that federal officials were moving ahead with a civil rights investigation . Garner , an unarmed black man , died in July after a white officer , Daniel Pantaleo , put him in a chokehold . Garner 's death was later ruled a homicide . "  This fight ai n't over . It just begun . I 'm determined to get justice for my husband because he should n't have been killed in that way . He should n't have been killed in any way , " said Esaw Garner , his widow . "  He should be here , celebrating Christmas and Thanksgiving and everything else , with his children and his grandchildren . And he ca n't . Why ? Because a cop did wrong . Somebody that gets paid to do right did wrong and he 's not held accountable for it . But my husband 's death will not be in vain . As long as I have a breath in my body I will fight the fight till the end . " Protesters gathered at various points in Manhattan , including Times Square and Union Square , marching peacefully north as crowds formed near Rockefeller Center for the lighting of the Christmas tree . Columbus Circle was blocked for a time . There were demonstrations in other cities too , including Washington , D.C. , Philadelphia and Oakland , California . "  No Justice . No peace , " protesters chanted in New York . "  No racist police . " Garner 's mother , who spoke alongside his widow , said she was disappointed by the grand jury 's decision . She called for calm . "  We want you to rally , but rally in peace . Make a statement , but make it in peace , " said Gwen Carr . On New York City 's West Side Highway , a group of protesters stood face to face with rows of police officers , shouting , "  I ca n't breathe , I ca n't breathe . " The protesters sat down on the road , crying out , "  What do we want ? Justice . When do we want it ? Now ! " "  Ferguson is Everywhere , " one demonstrator 's sign read , referring to the Michael Brown shooting in Ferguson , Missouri . ' I ca n't breathe ' During the fatal encounter July 17 on Staten Island , Garner raised both hands in the air and told the officers not to touch him . Seconds later , a video shows an officer behind Garner grab him in a chokehold and pull him to the sidewalk , rolling him onto his stomach . The New York City Police Department prohibits chokeholds . "  I ca n't breathe ! I ca n't breathe ! " Garner said repeatedly , his cries muffled into the pavement . Garner , 43 , was pronounced dead that day . Police had suspected Garner of selling cigarettes illegally . The grand jury was made up of 14 white and nine nonwhite members , according to law enforcement sources . A total of 12 jurors who have heard all the evidence must be in agreement for a decision . The grand jury found that there was no "  reasonable cause " to indict . The case became emblematic of longstanding tensions between police and minority communities , especially given that the majority of people stopped under the former "  stop-and-frisk " police policy were African-American or Hispanic . A federal court ruled that stop-and-frisk was unconstitutional and tantamount to racial profiling . The Garner death led to demonstrations around the city and came weeks before the racially charged police shooting of Brown , who was unarmed , in Ferguson . ` National moment of grief " President Barack Obama said the Garner case reflected a longtime "  concern on the part of too many minority communities that law enforcement is not working with them , and dealing with them in a fair way . " "  We are not going to let up until we see a strengthening of the trust , and a strengthening of the accountability that exists between our communities and our law enforcement , " he said . Standing outside the Staten Island store where his son was put into a fatal chokehold , Garner 's father , Ben , told a crowd that he was hopeful about the federal investigation and urged demonstrators to remain peaceful . "  We want justice for Eric , " he said . "  We ai n't tearing up nothing . We ai n't burning up nothing ... The police is our problem . No violence . That is all I ask . " Mayor Bill de Blasio sought to allay tensions , saying that he had received assurances from Washington that the federal investigation of Garner 's death would move forward "  expeditiously and with a clear sense of independence . " De Blasio said the grand jury decision has created "  a national moment of pain , a national moment of grief and searching for a solution . " Pantaleo , according to a statement from his union , the Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association , said : "  I became a police officer to help people and to protect those who ca n't protect themselves . It is never my intention to harm anyone and I feel very bad about the death of Mr. Garner . My family and I include him and his family in our prayers and I hope that they will accept my personal condolences for their loss . " Staten Island District Attorney Daniel Donovan Jr. said the grand jury conducted dozens of interviews with witnesses , including 22 civilians , and met between September 29 and December 3 . An attorney for Pantaleo said his client testified for approximately two hours on November 21 in front of the grand jury . U.S. Rep. Hakeem Jeffries , who represents parts of Brooklyn and Queens , called the decision "  a miscarriage of justice " an "  outrage " and a "  disgrace . " "  He was killed in plain sight for all of America to see because this was captured on video . And so it 's inexplicable that this grand jury could not return a single charge , " said Jeffries . Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association President Patrick Lynch said , "  there are no winners " from the grand jury decision . "  It is clear that the officer 's intention was to do nothing more than take Mr. Garner into custody as instructed and that he used the take-down technique that he learned in the academy when Mr. Garner refused , " Lynch said . "  No police officer starts a shift intending to take another human being 's life and we are all saddened by this tragedy . " Brown and Garner The grand jury 's decision came on the same day that the New York Police Department , in an attempt to bolster public confidence , announced plans to start having some officers wear body cameras . "  When something happens , to have a video record of it , from the police officers ' perspective , is going to help in many , many ways , " de Blasio told reporters . "  And God forbid , when something goes wrong , we are going to have a clearer understanding of what happened . " Parallels mark the deaths of Garner and Brown , both black , starting with crimes they were suspected of : Brown allegedly stole cigars from a convenience store ; Garner was allegedly selling cigarettes tax-free . Another similarity that has become the hallmark of protests in Ferguson : Garner put his hands up in the air , as the crook of Pantaleo 's elbow tightened around his throat . Some eyewitnesses have said Brown also made that gesture in surrender . But other witnesses contradicted them . No video was rolling , so doubts over that and other details will always hang over the moment that former Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson shot the unarmed teen . That has led Obama to call for law officers all over the country to record their operations with body cameras . In Garner 's case , there can be little doubt what happened . Before he gasped what appeared to be his final breaths , someone hit record on a cell phone camera . The details of his takedown spread through the Internet as the video went viral . Wilson and Pantaleo In the Ferguson case , Wilson argued before the Missouri grand jury that he shot Brown -- who Wilson said tried to wrest away his gun and then charged at him -- in self-defense . In the Staten Island cell phone video , Garner did not go after Pantaleo but had his back to him ; the officer jumped him from behind then tackled him to the ground . The New York Medical Examiner has ruled Garner 's death a homicide . The cause of death was "  compression of neck  chokehold  , compression of chest and prone positioning during physical restraint by police . " But the medical examiner also listed acute and chronic bronchial asthma , obesity and hypertensive cardiovascular disease as contributing factors in Garner 's death . In Ferguson , Wilson went into hiding after death threats and kept his status of police officer but was placed on leave . He resigned shortly after the grand jury decision . After the chokehold , Pantaleo was put on modified assignment and stripped of his badge and gun amid the investigation , and the NYPD 's commissioner ordered an extensive review of training procedures . Two lawsuits have previously been filed against Pantaleo . The plaintiffs in both suits allege false arrest , unlawful imprisonment , civil rights violations and other charges . One suit from 2013 was dismissed in January 2014 , while the second , from February 2014 , remains open . Ferguson and New York In both Ferguson and New York , mostly African-American protesters took to the streets for weeks after both men died to decry police violence . Demonstrators in New York have called the police response during Garner 's arrest excessive and criminal , but during protests , the contact between police and demonstrators has been largely cordial . Missing were the tear gas canisters , assault rifles , armored vehicles and the lootings and flying bottles that marred the St. Louis suburb in the wake of Brown 's death . When the Missouri grand jury declined to charge Wilson , violence returned to Ferguson , as shot were fired , stores were looted and cars were set on fire . CNN 's Dana Ford , Catherine E. Shoichet , Dominique Debucquoy-Dodley , Ben Brumfield , Daniel Verello and Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Make a statement , but make it in peace , " says Eric Garner 's mother Protesters gather across New York , other U.S. cities Garner , an unarmed black man , died after a white police officer put him in a chokehold A grand jury decided not to indict the officer ; AG Holder announces an investigation
CNN  -- These days , it 's seems like we are all expected to do more with less . Spending hours in the office to make sure all the assigned tasks get done bleeds into our family time , and even at home , it seems there 's a never-ending cycle of things that must be done . Yet studies have shown that 60-hour workweeks can result in a 25 % decrease in productivity . The productivity numbers get worse as the work hours increase , because exhaustion steadily erodes judgment and performance . So what to do when there 's too much to do ? The key is to do less , not more  what , you 've never heard a time management expert tell you the key to success is to do less ?  . See also : Do n't let e-mail run your work life Just say no First , say "  no " to more work . Though this might sound obvious , it 's one of the hardest things to actually do . But being realistic about the amount of additional work you can take on is as important as getting the job done . A simple , "  Sorry -- I 'd love to help out , but I do n't have the bandwidth to take that on right now , " is sufficient . Negotiate When that fails , negotiate . If your boss presents you with a project you ca n't outright refuse , but your plate is undeniably full , do n't hesitate to point this out . Openly discuss your current deadlines and workload , and communicate both honestly and clearly . For example , you might say , "  I 'm currently working on X , Y , and Z. I want to return quality work in a timely way , and if I take on this new project , it will jeopardize my promised deadlines . Would you like me to hand it off to someone else , outsource it , or would you prefer to reprioritize my existing commitments ? " See also : Is workplace boredom ` the new stress ? ' Prioritize Focus on strategic enablers of business . Everyone has too much to do , and nobody really cares how many tasks you crossed off a to-do list if key projects keep falling through the cracks . Split your to-do lists into a Master list and a High Impact Task  HIT  list . While the Master lists tracks everything that needs to get done at some point , the HIT list includes only a reasonable number of items that can be accomplished each day , so you 're constantly focused on key priorities and work on them in the proper order : P1 : You will get fired if this is n't done today . P2 : A valuable long-term activity that should be done soon . P3 : Someone will be unhappy if this is n't done eventually . P4 : Human "  pain-management " activities such as socializing or Facebook . Focus Master the skills of concentration . Stop multitasking and focus on one thing at a time . Multitasking just dilutes your attention and fools you into thinking you 're productive , when you 're really just busy . Do n't allow people to hold distracting conversations outside your cubicle or office door either . Limit your social media usage , and anything else that can keep you from accomplishing your most important tasks . When you find ways to do less while increasing your impact , you 'll gain more time to spend on things you actually enjoy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Laura Stack .	These days we are all expected to do more work , says Laura Stack Split your to-do lists into a Master list and a High Impact Task list , she says Stack says to stop multitasking and focus on one thing at a time
Abuja , Nigeria  CNN  -- Three church bombings and retaliatory attacks in northern Nigeria killed at least 50 people Sunday and injured more than 130 others , the Nigerian Red Cross Society said . The series of attacks began when a suicide bomber drove at high speed through a barricade at the EWCA Goodnews Wusasa Zaria church around 9 a.m. , congregation member Lucy Bello said . That blast left at least 24 people dead and 125 injured , some in critical condition , according to a Kaduna state government official who asked to remain anonymous because he was not authorized to speak to the media . The Nigerian Red Cross Society , however , reported that two people were killed and 22 injured in the attack . Bello , who had bruises from the explosion , said the dead and wounded were thrown to the ground by the blast . Within minutes , another explosion occurred at the Christ the King Catholic Church in Zaria , according to the National Emergency Management Agency . At least 10 people were killed in that attack and more than 50 were injured , the state government official said . Again , the Nigerian Red Cross Society offered a conflicting report , saying that 16 people were killed and 31 injured in that attack . Later , at least 10 people were killed in a bombing at a church in the city of Kaduna , Red Cross spokesman Andronicus Adeyemo said . Christian youths in Zaria and Kaduna reacted violently , burning tires and blocking major roads . The Kaduna state government imposed a 24-hour curfew . Thirty-two people were killed and 78 injured in the third blast , including victims of the reprisal attacks , the Nigerian Red Cross Society said . The bombings are the latest in a string of violence directed at churches . A week ago , a car bomb killed five people during services at a church in Jos , also in northern Nigeria . Angry crowds wielding makeshift clubs fought with police after chasing security forces away from the destroyed church . Three more people died in the clashes . And two weeks ago , two church bombings in the region killed at least 15 people . No one immediately took responsibility for Sunday 's attacks , though Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan suggested they were the work of Boko Haram , a militant Islamist group . "  We will not let Boko Haram intimidate our Christian community or police officers . We will fight these terrorists until there are none left , " he wrote on Twitter page Sunday . Boko Haram has previously carried out attacks , including at churches . The group also refers to itself as the "  Nigerian Taliban " and seeks to overthrow the government and replace it with a regime based on Islamic law . "  Boko Haram " means "  Western education is forbidden . " CNN 's Vladimir Duthiers and Nana Karikari-apau and journalist Safiya Akau contributed to this report .	NEW : Nigerian Red Cross Society : More than 130 people are injured NEW : The victims include those harmed in reprisal attacks , the group says The Nigerian president vows to "  fight these terrorists until there are none left " Two bombings happen in the town of Zaria ; a third occurs in the city of Kaduna
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Formula One has seen a number of last-race world championship deciders down the years . Michael Schumacher  left  and Damon Hill collided at the last race of 1994 , with the German taking the title . Here , The Circuit looks at four of the most memorable of the last 15 years . Drivers in capitals won the title . 1994  Australian Grand Prix , Adelaide MICHAEL SCHUMACHER v Damon Hill Even without a last-race showdown , the 1994 season had been dramatic enough . The legendary Ayrton Senna had become the second fatality in two days at the San Marino Grand Prix after 12 years without a death in F1 . See images of the best title showdowns . " Schumacher started the season strongly in a Benetton that had its legality questioned by a dubious paddock and media , and by mid-season he was 27 points clear of Hill . But Hill clawed his way back into the title hunt , helped by Schumacher 's two-race ban for ignoring a black flag at the British Grand Prix . Come the decider in Australia , the momentum was with Hill and the deficit was down to one point . Schumacher looked rattled all weekend and after being hounded by the Englishman from the off , he crashed into a wall midway through the race . Crawling back onto the track , Schumacher veered one way and Hill the other as they approached the next right-hander , only for the German to swipe across the Williams ' bows , ride up over Hill 's front wheel and into retirement . Read more about F1 at The Circuit . Hill would have become world champion if he could have kept going but suspension damage ended his race and his title challenge . Schumacher , at 25 , became one of F1 's youngest and most controversial champions . 1997  European Grand Prix , Jerez JACQUES VILLENEUVE v Michael Schumacher Three years on from Adelaide , those who had given Schumacher the benefit of the doubt were left to reassess their opinions of the German . Villeneuve 's Williams was the class of the 1997 field but mistakes had blighted his campaign and Schumacher 's brilliance had put him ahead by one point by the last race in Jerez , Spain . Vaulting poleman Villeneuve at the lights , Schumacher raced into a lead few thought he would lose . But after the last round of pitstops , the Ferrari 's tires were not working as well and Villeneuve closed in . Heading down the back straight , the French-Canadian dived up the inside into the following hairpin corner , surprising Schumacher , who turned into the corner and into the side of the Williams . Schumacher slid off into the gravel and retirement while Villeneuve , his car damaged from the collision , hobbled on to finish third and take the title by three points . A vilified Schumacher was later stripped of his second place in the championship for his desperate maneuver . 1998  Japanese Grand Prix , Suzuka MIKA HAKKINEN v Michael Schumacher An intriguing season , the first with grooved tires and narrow-track cars , had seen Hakkinen surge into an early season lead with a lightning-quick , if somewhat fragile McLaren . But Schumacher 's Ferrari benefited from Goodyear 's incessant tire development and by mid-season the never-say-die German was back in the title hunt . Going to the season-closer in Japan , Schumacher had to make up four points on Hakkinen , who had edged the previous race at the Nurgburgring . Schumacher had claimed pole at Suzuka , just ahead of Hakkinen , but stalled on the grid , further adding to his reputation of fumbling pressure-cooker situations . Starting from the back at the restart , he sliced his way up to third and was keeping his fingers crossed for a problem for the race-leading Finn . But a puncture on lap 31 ended his title hopes . An ice-cool Hakkinen was not headed throughout and could coast to his first drivers ' world championship . 2007  Brazilian Grand Prix , Interlagos KIMI RAIKKONEN v Lewis Hamilton v Fernando Alonso It had been a remarkable debut season for McLaren 's Hamilton , with him often outpacing double world champion team-mate Alonso . But after a slow start , Ferrari 's Raikkonen had begun to look menacing as the season progressed . F1 's first three-way title decider since 1986 saw Hamilton start the last race in Brazil with a four-point advantage over Alonso and seven over Raikkonen . Felipe Massa 's Ferrari took pole with Hamilton alongside , but the Englishman was slow away and by turn three he was behind Raikkonen and Alonso . Rashly , Hamilton attempted to re-pass Alonso , ran wide and dropped down the order . Soon after , he suffered gearbox problems that cost him 30 seconds -- effectively scuppering his chances of becoming F1 's first rookie champion . Out front , Massa slowed to allow Raikkonen past for the win he needed to become champion by one point from seventh-placed Hamilton and Alonso , who trailed home a distant third .	F1 has seen some memorable title deciders at the final race of the season Michael Schumacher involved in two controversial collisions , in 1994 and 1997 Last year 's championship was the first three-way title fight since 1986
Boston , Massachusetts  CNN  -- A Massachusetts court added $ 81 million in punitive damages Thursday to $ 71 million in compensatory damages it had already awarded to the family of a woman who died of lung cancer . Suffolk Superior Court ruled earlier this week that Lorillard Tobacco Company lured black children into smoking by providing them free cigarettes . The plaintiff , Willie Evans , said the company handed out Newport cigarettes to children like his mother , Marie Evans , during the late 1950s and early 1960s in the Orchard Park neighborhood of Boston . "  It 's certainly bittersweet , " Evans said . "  If I had my choice , I would have preferred the tobacco company not to have given my mother cigarettes as a 9-year-old child . " Marie Evans died at age 54 after suffering from small cell lung cancer , according to the criminal complaint . Her family said that Lorillard "  developed techniques to manipulate and control the nicotine delivery of its cigarettes so as to create and sustain addiction in smokers , including Marie Evans . " according to the complaint . Lorillard says those claims are unfounded . The company is the third largest manufacturer of cigarettes in the United States , according to a company statement . It said it plans to appeal . "  Lorillard respectfully disagrees with the jury 's verdict and denies the plaintiff 's claim that the company sampled to children or adults at Orchard Park in the early 1960s , " said spokesman Gregg Perry . Jurors listened to a video deposition from Evans recorded three weeks before her death in 2002 in which she described receiving cigarettes from Lorillard when she was a child . "  Hopefully this does allow other people to come forward , and gives them confidence to move their cases forward , " Evans said after tearfully embracing his attorney when the verdict was read . But Lorillard contends that Evans ' "  50-year-old memories were persuasively contradicted by testimony from several witnesses , " Perry said . The jury had deliberated for approximately two hours on Thursday , after listening to expert financial and forensic testimony .	NEW : Jurors listened to a video deposition from Evans recorded three weeks before her death A Massachusetts court adds $ 81 million in punitive damages The court ruled that Lorillard lured children into smoking by providing free cigarettes Marie Evans died at age 54 after suffering from small cell lung cancer
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- A Zimbabwe High Court judge is trying to take the country 's first lady to court , accusing her of using political muscle to wrest from him a farm he was given during the land seizures . Judge says Grace Mugabe , pictured with her husband , effectively took his farm by force . The matter has not been given a date , however , amid reports that other judges have been refusing to hear it . High Court Judge Ben Hlatshwayo is suing a company owned by Grace Mugabe , wife of President Robert Mugabe , for grabbing Gwina Farm in Banket , about 100 kilometers  62 miles  northwest of Harare . The farm is near Mugabe 's rural home . The judge said he acquired the farm in December 2002 as part of President Mugabe 's controversial land grabs , in which Mugabe took land from white commercial farmers and distributed it to black Zimbabweans . In an affidavit , filed at the High Court in Harare , the judge said the "  unlawful conduct " by Grace Mugabe 's company , Gushungo Holdings , amounted to spoilation -- or taking of the farm by force . He said emissaries of the first lady have been visiting the farm frequently and issuing instructions to workers , according to court documents . "  There is clearly no lawful basis for such interference , which conduct , by its very nature , amounts to spoliation , " Hlatshwayo wrote in the papers . Lands and Resettlement Minister Didymus Mutasa said the judge had been given alternative land as compensation for the farm that Grace Mugabe wants to have . Mutasa opposes the judge 's affidavit . Hlatshwayo said he had been operating his farm in "  quiet , undisturbed , peaceful possession , occupation and production " since it was allocated to him . Since the land grabs , Zimbabwe has been facing acute shortages of food that critics say is a result of Mugabe giving the land to inexperienced peasant farmers . But Mugabe blames the West for the shortages , saying Western countries are sabotaging him after he took the land for his people . Mugabe says the land reform was meant to reverse colonial imbalances remaining after British rule . The legal wrangle comes after Grace Mugabe was accused of assaulting a journalist in Hong Kong who wanted to take photos of her while she was on a shopping spree . Lawmakers were supposed to debate a bill next week for a constitutional amendment that would create the new posts called for under the deal , including the post of prime minister for opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai . The delay could prolong the country 's political and economic crisis . The delay comes a day after the MDC accused Mugabe 's ZANU-PF of backtracking on the implementation of a power-sharing deal the party signed with Tsvangirai in September . Tsvangirai agreed last week to join the unity government if "  outstanding issues " were addressed . While government officials could not be reached for comment , Zimbabwean Justice Minister Patrick Chinamasa was quoted by the state media as saying the delay in debate on the constitutional-amendment bill would push back next week 's deadline . A coalition government is seen by many as a panacea to halt the meltdown of Zimbabwe 's economy . The country is also facing its worst humanitarian crisis , with acute shortages of all essentials such as fuel , food , electricity and public-health delivery system . A ravaging cholera outbreak has affected 65,000 people and claimed close to 3,500 lives since its outbreak in August .	Zimbabwe High Court judge sues country 's first lady over seized farm Judge accuses Grace Mugabe of using political muscle to wrest from him farm Judge said he acquired farm in 2002 as part of controversial land grabs Formation of Zimbabwe unity government delayed as debate postponed
CNN  -- After many years of euphoria over China 's rapid growth and the country 's apparently inevitable rise to global economic dominance , the China story has taken a serious turn for the worse . China , it now seems , is about to collapse , and along the way it may well bring the world economy down with it . Fortunately , the new story may be as muddled as the old one . China 's economic model has relied heavily on investment and debt . It should n't be a surprise that after many years of tremendous growth driven at first by badly needed investments , Chinese spending on infrastructure and manufacturing capacity is slowing down . During the same period , debt levels surged as borrowed money poured into more highways , airports , steel mills , shipyards , high-speed railways , and apartment and office buildings than the country could productively use . A few economists predicted as far back as 2006 that China would face a serious debt problem . By 2010 , it became obvious even to the most excited of China bulls that this was indeed happening . To protect itself from the risk of a debt crisis , China must bring spending to a halt . Beijing now wants to rebalance the economy away from its excessive reliance on investment and debt , and to increase the role of consumption as a driver of growth . But this can not happen except at lower growth rates . So what happens next -- will China collapse ? Probably not . A financial collapse is effectively a kind of bank run , and as long as government credibility remains high , banks are guaranteed and capital controls are maintained , it is unlikely that China will experience anything like a bank run . What is far more likely is that in the coming years , China 's gross domestic product growth rate will continue to decline as the country focuses on stimulating consumption . Growth rates during the administration of President Xi Jinping are unlikely to exceed 3 % to 4 % on average if the economic rebalancing is managed well . Will the slower growth rate be a disaster for China ? Certainly , it would be huge departure from the growth rate of roughly 10 % a year for nearly three decades . Would much lower growth rates create high unemployment and huge dislocations for the economy ? Some are worried about such scenarios . But the Chinese economy has so far shown a lot of resilience despite passing storms such as the global financial crisis . Beijing has huge challenges ahead . China 's growth has been a boon to large businesses , the state , the powerful and the wealthy elite . What the Chinese government needs to do is recalibrate growth so that average household incomes can rise and consumers have more money to spend . This will not be easy to pull off , but there are positive signs . Xi 's government seems determined to make the necessary changes , even at the expense of much slower growth . Even if GDP growth declines but average Chinese household income grows at 5 % to 6 % a year , it would put China in the right direction . As for the rest of the world , there 's no reason to panic over China 's economic slowdown . Contrary to popular beliefs , China is not the global engine of growth ; it is merely the largest arithmetic component of global growth . What drives global growth is demand . China , with a large trade surplus , is not a net provider of demand to the world . What matters to the world , in other words , is not how fast China grows but rather , how its trade with foreign partners evolves . If China rebalances in an orderly way , its imports of manufactured goods and services should rise faster than its exports . This will be good for the world . What 's more , manufacturing industries around the world that lost out to China in the export business will benefit . When wages rise for Chinese workers -- so that they have more money to buy goods and services at home -- it means other developing countries will have a chance to compete for exports if they offer lower labor wages . There is no doubt that Beijing has a long road ahead in terms of managing a huge economy , but as of now there should be nothing surprising or unexpected about the slowing growth of China . It will probably benefit the Chinese people and the global economy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Pettis .	Michael Pettis : Some experts think that China 's economy is in big trouble Pettis : Most likely , China 's growth rate will decline in the coming years He says the country needs to shift from investment to consumption model Pettis : If China recalibrates its economy in the right way , everyone will benefit
CNN  -- IN FOCUS : Iran 's economy Iran hosts a group of 120 developing countries this week , bringing together nations of the Non-Aligned Movement . The movement was set up in 1961 as a counter-weight to the dominating Cold War powers . Iran currently holds the three-year presidency , and at the top of the agenda are the Western sanctions imposed on Iran . This week MME takes a look at the impact of sanctions on the country and whether nations that pride themselves on non-alignment , able to trade among themselves . IN FOCUS : Kibbutz caviar Iran , Azerbaijan and Russia may be the global leaders in caviar production , but sturgeon populations in the Caspian Sea have been dropping and commercial fishing has been banned . Now a new player is emerging . Kibbutz Dan in Northern Israel is raising around 70,000 of the fish , with each producing thousands of dollars worth of caviar . This week MME visits the production line .	Iran is hosting a summit of the Non-Aligned Movement -- and Western sanctions are on the top of the agenda MME takes a look at the impact of sanctions and the trade between the non-alignment countries Across the region , MME visits a a new player in caviar production in Israel
CNN  -- William Kamkwamba dreamed of powering his village with the only resource that was freely available to him . William Kamkwamba fits a lightbulb to a house in his village in Malawi . His native Malawi had gone through one of its worst droughts seven years ago , killing thousands . His family and others were surviving on one meal a day . The red soil in his Masitala hometown was parched , leaving his father , a farmer , without any income . But amid all the shortages , one thing was still abundant . Wind . "  I wanted to do something to help and change things , " he said . "  Then I said to myself , ` If they can make electricity out of wind , I can try , too . ' " Kamkwamba was kicked out of school when he could n't pay $ 80 in school fees , and he spent his days at the library , where a book with photographs of windmills caught his eye . "  I thought , this thing exists in this book , it means someone else managed to build this machine , " he said . Armed with the book , the then-14-year-old taught himself to build windmills . He scoured through junkyards for items , including bicycle parts , plastic pipes , tractor fans and car batteries . For the tower , he collected wood from blue-gum trees . "  Everyone laughed at me when I told them I was building a windmill . They thought I was crazy , " he said . "  Then I started telling them I was just playing with the parts . That sounded more normal . " That was 2002 . Now , he has five windmills , the tallest at 37 feet . He built one at an area school that he used to teach classes on windmill-building . The windmills generate electricity and pump water in his hometown , north of the capital , Lilongwe . Neighbors regularly trek across the dusty footpaths to his house to charge their cellphones . Others stop by to listen to Malawian reggae music blaring from a radio . When he started building the first windmill in 2002 , word that he was "  crazy " spread all over his village . Some people said he was bewitched -- a common description for people with perplexing behavior in some African cultures . "  All of us , even my mother , thought that he had gone mad , " said his sister Doris Kamkwamba . Villagers would surround him to snicker and point , Kamkwamba said . Ignoring them , he would quietly bolt pieces using a screwdriver made of a heated nail attached to a corncob . The heat -- from both the crowd and the melted , flattened pipes he used as blades -- did not deter him . Three months later , his first windmill churned to life as relief swept over him . As the blades whirled , a bulb attached to the windmill flickered on . "  I wanted to finish it just to prove them wrong , " he said . "  I knew people would then stop thinking I was crazy . " Kamkwamba , now 22 , is a student at the African Leadership Academy , an elite South African school for young leaders . Donors pay for his education . His story has turned him into a globetrotter . Former U.S. Vice President Al Gore , an avid advocate of green living , has applauded his work . Kamkwamba is invited to events worldwide to share his experience with entrepreneurs . During a recent trip to Palm Springs , California , he saw a real windmill for the first time -- lofty and majestic -- a far cry from the wobbly , wooden structures that spin in his backyard . Former Associated Press correspondent Bryan Mealer , who covered Africa , wrote a book , "  The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind , " after hearing Kamkwamba 's story . The book was released in the United States last week . Mealer , a native of San Antonio , Texas , said he lived with Kamkwamba in his village for months to write the book . The story was a refreshing change after years of covering bloody conflicts in the region , Mealer said . Kamkwamba is part of a generation of Africans who are not waiting for their governments or aid groups to come to their rescue , according to the author . "  They are seizing opportunities and technology , and finding solutions to their own problems , " Mealer said . "  One of the keys of his success is ... he 's never wanted to rest on his laurels . "	Malawi had gone through one of its worst droughts seven years ago Amid shortage William Kamkwamba realized wind offered hope Armed with a book the then-14-year-old taught himself to build windmills His windmills now generate electricity and pump water in his hometown
CNN Student News  -- February 25 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Libya • Wisconsin • Atlanta , Georgia Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . NASA ANNOUNCER : Two ... one ... booster ignition ... and the final liftoff of Discovery . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Of course , we will have more on that for you in today 's show , but we are getting off the ground in northern Africa . My name is Carl Azuz . CNN Student News starts right now ! First Up : Unrest in Libya AZUZ : There are roughly 6,000 Americans in Libya , and the U.S. government is trying to get them out . A ferry that was chartered to take hundreds of U.S. citizens from Libya to Malta was held up for a while yesterday . U.S. officials said everyone onboard was safe . They said the delay was because of the weather . Meanwhile , Libya 's leader , Moammar Gadhafi , is blaming the violence in his country on young people . He says they 're taking some sort of pills and being manipulated by the al Qaeda terrorist group . But during a speech earlier this week , President Obama said what 's going on in that part of the world has nothing to do with outside influences . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : So let me be clear . The change that is taking place across the region is being driven by the people of the region . This change does n't represent the work of the United States or any foreign power . It represents the aspirations of people who are seeking a better life . Political Unrest AZUZ : Looking around that region , starting next door to Libya in Algeria . The country has lifted a 19-year-old state of emergency , and what that means is that people there have greater freedom of speech and assembly now . Moving south to Cameroon , where protesters are demanding that the country 's president step down . He 's been in power for nearly 30 years and is running for re-election this year . Finally , Yemen , where eight lawmakers resigned to protest violence against people who are demonstrating against the government . One of the lawmakers said , "  I resigned because there 's been no respect by the government for human rights . " Is This Legit ? JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The space shuttle Discovery is named after sailing ships . This one 's true ! The shuttle is named after two ships that explored the world . Final Mission AZUZ : The space shuttle Discovery has made more trips into space than any other craft . All together , the shuttle 's spent almost a full year in orbit around the Earth . Yesterday , Discovery set out on its 39th and last mission , delivering equipment to the international space station . This was Discovery 's first launch , back in 1984 . And these launches are n't cheap . NASA estimates that every time a shuttle takes off , it costs nearly half a billion dollars . After Discovery 's current mission , there are just two launches left for the space shuttle program . Budget Battle AZUZ : We 've been reporting on this controversial budget bill in Wisconsin . You can check our transcript archives for details on that . Now , it was scheduled to come up for a vote yesterday , but only in the State House of Representatives . Things are not moving forward in the Wisconsin Senate . And that 's because Democratic senators have left the state in an effort to try to block any vote on the bill . You can get the latest details on this situation at CNN.com . Teachers ' Lounge AZUZ : Our latest Teachers ' Lounge blog asks for your opinions about a controversial budget decision in Detroit . The city 's planning to close half of its public schools . And teachers , we want to hear your thoughts on this . Enter the Teachers ' Lounge from our home page : CNNStudentNews.com ! Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Bozic 's world geography class at Cypress Creek High School in Houston , Texas ! Willie O'Ree was the first African-American to play in what sports league ? Was it the : A  MLB , B  NBA , C  NFL or D  NHL ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Willie O'Ree made his debut in the National Hockey League in 1958 . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Diversity in Hockey AZUZ : Willie O'Ree paved the way for other African-Americans to hit the NHL ice . As we continue our commemoration of Black History Month , we 're taking a look at the diversity on the Atlanta Thrashers ' roster . Richelle Carey sat down with the team 's four African-Americans to talk about life as a minority pro hockey player . BEGIN VIDEO RICHELLE CAREY , HLN ANCHOR : I want each one of you to tell me what you like about hockey . Sell me on hockey ! Sell me ! EVANDER KANE , THRASHERS LEFT WINGER : Hockey is the fastest , most physical sport there is . JOHNNY ODUYA , THRASHERS DEFENSEMAN : The teamwork , too . I would say a total package sport . ANTHONY STEWART , THRASHERS RIGHT WINGER : I just like skating fast , ever since I was three . DUSTIN BYFUGLIEN , THRASHERS DEFENSEMAN : I guess it 's just something about being on the ice that I enjoy . It 's just me being out there , having fun and enjoying the people around me . CAREY : What 's the biggest misconception or false assumption that people make about you ? BYFUGLIEN : This guy ca n't stand on skates . ODUYA : Maybe in Atlanta , you tell people that you 're a hockey player and they do n't believe you . CAREY : What do you think ? ODUYA : I do n't know . Maybe basketball or baseball , I have no idea . CAREY : Who here knew that they were going to be a professional hockey player ? Anybody here know that ? STEWART : I knew probably when I was in grade one . We had an assignment to say what you wanted to be when you grew up . And I said , "  Hockey player , " and she said , "  Pick something else . " And I said , "  No , I 'm going to be a hockey player , " and I stuck with it . CAREY : Did anybody try to steer you to something different , because you do n't look out on the ice that often and see people of color ? Did someone say this is n't the right fit for you ? KANE : No , I think , honestly , it was almost the opposite . My dad really instilled that drive in me to battle through that kind of stuff , battle through adversity , and that 's what made me so successful . CAREY : Anybody else feel that they were steered in a different direction for racial reasons at all ? STEWART : I grew up sort of in an urban neighborhood and , you know , a lot of my friends are playing basketball and sports like that . I 'd go play a little bit of basketball , but after an hour I 'd get bored of it , so I 'd say , "  I have to go play hockey now . " And they would go , "  Uh , naw , you 're not going to make it in hockey , so you might as well play basketball " or something like that . But I had some support from my parents . That helped me a lot . All my close friends to date were minor hockey players , and their support helped get me to where I am today . CAREY : We always hear about hockey as , it 's an expensive sport for kids who want to play . And often , maybe , that 's why minority kids do n't get into it . Explain , why is it so expensive ? STEWART : I think when you have to pay $ 500 for a pair of skates as opposed to a $ 20 basketball or $ 50 pair of soccer shoes , it makes a lot more sense to play those sports . But there 's a lot of community initiatives right now in the NHL helping urban kids . And with the Hockey Is For Everyone program that 's helping not so fortunate kids play , they 're making good strides . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Finally today , with the space shuttle program winding down , we 're looking back at the 132 missions that have come before . And just for fun , we 're gon na do it in 132 seconds . Start the countdown . -LSB- VIDEO PACKAGE OF ALL 132 SHUTTLE LAUNCHES -RSB- Goodbye AZUZ : Seeing all that video can leave you feeling spacy ! Before we launch into the weekend , we thank our fans on Facebook for all of your "  likes " at Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews . And we 're working on a new video for you , so be on the lookout for that next week . Hope you all have a great weekend . I 'm Carl Azuz .	President Obama discusses the driving force behind political unrest overseas Space shuttle Discovery takes flight for its 39th and final mission to space Hear what life is like for some African-American players in professional hockey Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Coast Guard rescuers airlifted a hunter from a remote Alaskan island after he was mauled by a group of bears . The bears attacked the 65-year-old man and his hunting party , who were carrying a deer that they had shot on Sally Island , the Coast Guard said in a statement . It said five bears took part in the attack Tuesday , describing their numbers as unusual . The alarm was raised by a master of a fishing vessel who had dropped the hunters off on the island and was waiting nearby for them to come back . He told the Coast Guard that the injured man needed immediate medical assistance . None of the other hunters were hurt . "  The fact that there were five bears was an abnormality and this serves as a reminder that anything can happen and we need to be aware of our surroundings , " said Lt. Joseph Schlosser , operational unit watchstander for the Coast Guard 17th District . The injured hunter was flown to Kodiak Municipal Airport and then handed over to emergency medical services , the Coast Guard said . In May , a woman jogging at an Air Force base in Alaska survived an attack by a brown bear sow defending its two cubs . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	A group of bears attacks a hunting party carrying a deer on Sally Island , Alaska A 65-year-old hunter in need of medical assistance is airlifted to Kodiak "  The fact that there were five bears was an abnormality , " a Coast Guard official says
CNN  -- Forty-four years ago , an Australian man stood on the Olympic podium in Mexico alongside two American athletes who , with their heads bowed , punched the air with gloved hands in a black power salute . The peaceful yet potent political protest at the 1968 Olympics by 200-meter medalists Tommie Smith and John Carlos became a symbol of the struggle for civil rights in America . To their left in the photo stood silver medalist , Australian Peter Norman , who stared straight ahead , his hands by his side , but who expressed his support for the pair by wearing an Olympic Project for Human Rights badge . Yet , on the list of famous Australian athletes , Norman barely rates a mention . Far from elevating Norman to the status of hero in his home country , his family say he was shunned on his return to Australia and unfairly denied the opportunity to contest another Olympics -- claims the Australian Olympic Committee  AOC  denies . "  In the States he 's hugely well known . But here in Australia , a lot of people are shocked when they find out that the white guy in the black power protest is an Aussie , " his nephew , Matt Norman , told CNN . Norman , a filmmaker who describes himself a civil rights activist , turned his uncle 's Olympic story into a film "  Salute " which was released in Australia four years ago and had a short run in cinemas during the 2012 Olympics in the U.S. and UK . Peter Norman : The forgotten Black Power hero He has turned the story into a film script called "  1968 " that aims to set the record straight using big name stars including Ewan McGregor , Will Smith and Jamie Fox , Norman said . It is hoped filming will begin next year . It was not "  Salute , " but a magazine article that alerted Australian Federal lawmaker Andrew Leigh to Norman 's story and motivated him on Monday to urge the country 's Federal Parliament to formally acknowledge Norman 's achievements and extend him a posthumous national apology . The athlete suffered a heart attack and died in 2006 at the age of 64 , but his 91-year-old mother , Thelma Norman , was in Parliament to hear seven MPs , including Leigh , deliver impassioned speeches as to why Norman deserves a greater presence in modern Australian history . "  It 's just one of those tales that I think ought to be better known , " Labor MP Leigh told CNN . "  What really struck me about it , was that I , as an Aussie , should have been brought up on Peter Norman , but I was n't . " Bronze medalist Carlos told the ABC Tuesday that there was "  no one in the nation of Australia that should be honored , recognized , appreciated more than Peter Norman for his humanitarian concerns , his character , his strength and his willingness to be a sacrificial lamb for justice . " During his speech , Leigh told Parliament : "  After Carlos forgot his gloves , Norman came up with the idea that the two Americans should share the one pair of gloves . A protest like this , on a global stage , had never been done before . "  At the time , it was electrifying . Racist slurs were hurled at Smith and Carlos . IOC President Avery Brundage -- a man who 'd had no difficulty with the Nazi salute being used in the 1936 Olympics -- insisted the two be expelled In that moment Norman advanced international awareness for racial equality . " However , what happened after Norman returned home to Australia is less clear . More than 40 years after that "  electrifying " event , divergent accounts have emerged about whether Norman 's political stance denied him future Olympic glory . Norman 's family insists he was deliberately excluded from the Australian Olympic team sent to the Munich Games in 1972 , despite repeatedly qualifying . "  He qualified for both the 100 and 200 meters for the Munich Games but just was n't selected . I guess that could be considered as a ban but he was pretty disappointed by that , " Norman 's brother , Laurie , told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation  ABC  . The AOC says Norman failed to qualify for the Munich Games after finishing third in the 200-meter sprint at the Australian Championships in March 1972 . The body 's media director also denied any suggestions that Norman was "  blacklisted " for supporting Smith and Carlos ' podium protest . "  There was no punishment dealt out to Peter Norman following the 1968 incident with black power salute . He was not punished . He was not ostracized . He was not blacklisted . He was n't even reprimanded by the Australian Olympic Committee at the time , " Mike Tancred told CNN . "  He was given , what has been written in a book by historians , as a gentle caution and then he was given some tickets to a hockey game so he could go and watch his teammates play hockey and that was the sum total of his punishment , " he added . Asked whether the AOC would support a formal apology to Norman from the Federal Parliament , Tancred said : "  We 're a little bit baffled by this debate . We never had an issue with Peter Norman . He never had an issue with us . "  There was never any suggestion that he was ostracized or not happy with the AOC . We 've got nothing to apologize for because we 've never wronged Peter Norman . " Norman 's family says that the Olympian was also snubbed during the 2000 Olympics in Sydney by not being invited to be part of the official opening or closing ceremonies . The AOC said no former athletes were invited and that Norman was offered tickets to buy to attend , like any other former Australian Olympian , as the cost "  would have been astronomical " to host them all . "  The AOC is certainly right that they treated him like every other former Olympian , " Leigh said . "  He was given the opportunity to purchase tickets . They could have done so for hundreds of people who have ever competed for Australia in the Olympics . But I do think he 's pretty special . Not just because he 's pretty much the only white guy to win a sprint medal in the last generation . But just that amazing stance that he took in 1968 , being on the right side of history when so many others were on the wrong side . " Aside from his political statement , Norman has for 44 years retained the Australian record set for the 200-meter sprint during the 1968 Games . Asked whether , aside from the apology , the AOC would support Norman 's recognition for his achievements on the track , Tancred evoked another great and arguably better-known Australian Olympian , distance runner Herb Elliott . "  There 's people like Herb Elliot who won gold medals in 1960 . We 're not acknowledging Herb Elliot ... so why do we have to acknowledge that Peter Norman might hold a 200-meter record ? There are lots of champions out there who have done equally as well or better than Peter Norman . " Tancred also said that the debate in Federal Parliament was "  irrelevant " given the progress made in civil rights since the 1968 Games . "  The politicians from both sides need to look and check on who is the American President , at present . He 's black . And I think the whole world has moved on since 1968 . So on that score , really , their debate is irrelevant , " he said . The Australian parliament has yet to issue a formal apology or recognition for Norman . While the motion was debated , an official vote still needs to be scheduled for a later date . Read more : Peter Norman , forgotten Black Power hero	Australian Parliament debates whether to issue apology to Peter Norman Norman famously supported the 1968 Olympics black power salute protest AOC says there 's no need for an apology as Peter Norman was n't wronged Norman 's family says the Olympian was "  blacklisted " after his silent political protest
CNN  -- It 's been three years since Tommy Haas has reached an ATP Tour final , and the former world No. 2 's wait for a 13th career title was extended on Saturday . The 34-year-old rolled back the years on home soil this week when he stunned top seed Jo Wilfried-Tsonga at the Munich Open , but his tournament has now ended with a straight-sets defeat by 2010 runner-up Marin Cilic in the semifinals . Haas , who has overcome two career-threatening injuries in the past decade , was runner-up in the clay event in 2000 and had been on course to reach his first final since winning another German tournament , the Halle grass-court championship in 2009 . But Croatian Cilic triumphed 6-3 6-4 as he won 89 % of his service points to set up a clash with Germany 's Philipp Kohlschreiber on Sunday . "  It was my best match of the week , " the 23-year-old third seed told the ATP website after beating a player who has reached four grand slam semifinals but needed a wild-card to enter this week . "  I played and served extremely well . I believe he did n't reach deuce on my serve . Tommy played really well this week and I went into the match with thoughts of that . It made good preparation for everything . " Haas had also defeated former Australian Open finalist Marco Baghdatis on his way to the last four , but the world No. 134 lost in 75 minutes to a man seeking to win an ATP Tour title for the fourth successive year , owning six overall . Kohlschreiber , the 2007 Munich champion , will also be seeking his seventh title after beating Spanish second seed Feliciano Lopez in the second semifinal . The 28-year-old , who has also been a winner and runner-up at Halle , won 6-2 6-7  4-7  6-4 . In Portugal , Kaia Kanepi won her second WTA Tour title by beating Spain 's Carla Suarez Navarro 3-6 7-6  8-6  6-4 in Saturday 's final of the Estoril Open . The Estonian sixth seed had a six-week injury layoff after her maiden victory in Brisbane in January , but has battled back after losing first-round matches in Miami and Indian Wells . In the men 's event , defending champion Juan Martin del Potro of Argentina will play French second seed Richard Gasquet in Sunday 's final . In Belgrade , Italian second seed Andreas Seppi will take on France 's Benoit Paire in Sunday 's final of the Serbia Open . Seppi beat Argentine fourth seed David Nalbandian , while in another three-set match Paire upset Spaniard Pablo Andujar -- who was top seed in the absence of defending champion Novak Djokovic , who is mourning the recent death of his grandfather .	Croatian third seed Marin Cilic beats wild-card Tommy Haas in Munich semis Cilic , the clay event 's 2010 runner-up , will play Philipp Kohlschreiber in final German , the 2007 winner , goes through with win over second seed Feliciano Lopez Kaia Kanepi wins her second WTA Tour title with victory in Estoril Open final
CNN  -- American pop star Jennifer Lopez is catching all sorts of heat after her Saturday performance of "  Happy Birthday , Mr. President " to one of the world 's most notorious dictators , Gurbanguly Berdymukhamedov . "  It was our pleasure , and we wish you the very , very happiest birthday , " Lopez says in a YouTube video of the performance . Statements like that feel gross , of course , if you know that Berdymukhamedov has been accused of imprisoning political dissidents , imposing "  draconian restrictions on freedom of expression and association , " says Human Rights Watch , and , according to The Atlantic , ordering his goons to kill or get rid of stray cats . "  Singing happy birthday to dictators while dissidents and journalists die in their torture chambers ? " human rights lawyer Ronan Farrow  son of actress Mia Farrow  wrote on Twitter . "  Still Jenny from the block , @JLo ? " He followed-up that tweet with this orthographic quip about the pop star 's visit to the former Soviet Bloc country , squished between Iran , Uzbekistan and Afghanistan . "  More like Jenny from the bloc , am I right ? " The criticism is fully warranted . But there could be a positive here : When J-Lo and other celebrities stumble unknowingly  yes , apparently unknowingly : A publicist told CNN that "  had there been knowledge of human right issues of any kind , Jennifer would not have attended . " This , in the age of Google !  into human rights quagmires , a kind of awareness gets raised . J-Lo 's concert in Turkmenistan may at least give the rest of us a chance to learn something about a desperate nation that never would make American headlines if not for such a celebrity appearance . Raise your hand if you could name  much less spell the name of  Turkmenistan 's president before this weekend ? Considering how well-controlled the country 's Internet is , I 'll assume you 're not from there and knew almost nothing about the place . Now that we  J-Lo , that is  have your attention , consider these sobering facts : • Freedom House ranks Turkmenistan as one of its "  Worst of the Worst " countries . The group says Turkmenistan is "  not an electoral democracy " since "  none of the country 's elections ... have been free or fair . " Additionally : "  Employment and educational opportunities for ethnic minorities are limited by the government 's promotion of Turkmen national identity . Freedom of movement is restricted , with a reported blacklist preventing some individuals from leaving the country . Traditional social and religious norms , inadequate education , and poor economic conditions limit professional opportunities for women , and anecdotal reports suggest that domestic violence is common . " • Human Rights Watch condemns Turkmenistan for imprisoning and silencing political opposition figures . "  As a result of more than two decades of the government 's practice of using imprisonment as a tool for political retaliation , " the group says , "  unknown numbers of individuals languish in Turkmen prisons on what appear to be politically motivated charges . During the previous  Universal Periodic Review  , the government rejected an important recommendation to ` account for those prisoners whose fate is unknown . ' The fate of some of several dozen prisoners convicted in relation to the November 2002 alleged assassination attempt on then-president Saparmurat Niyazov remains unknown , with their whereabouts not disclosed even to their families . " • Turkmenistan is basically North Korea plus oil , as Robert Kelly writes on the Asian Security Blog .  Hat tip to Max Fisher for spotting that . Specifically , Kelly says North Korea has been referred to as "  Turkmenistan without the oil . " • Berdymukhamedov  here 's a pronunciation guide from Voice of America  hates pets as well as humans . Eurasianet quotes from a diplomatic cable released by WikiLeaks : "  There have been reports about a recent incident in which a motorist crossed an intersection in front President Berdimuhamedov 's motorcade as it moved through Ashgabat . Several high ranking police officials were fired after the incident , and the driver of the vehicle was reportedly beaten and charged with attempted assassination . In another incident , a military official was fired after a cat ran in front of the president 's car as he was traveling to his dacha , " or second home . Calls and e-mails to Turkmenistan 's embassy in Washington were not returned on Tuesday morning . It would be easy to argue Lopez 's performance served only to legitimize Turkmenistan 's government . Or that her appearance could serve to paint the country  inaccurately  as a modern and welcoming place -- the kind of open , dance-ready society that loves freedom and rocks to "  Get Right . " Exactly the opposite is happening in the wake of her performance , however . People are learning a thing or two about how desperate Turkmenistan is . And a diva 's visit with a despot can raise more than awareness . After being publicly shamed for performing on behalf of the government of Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi , Beyoncé , Usher , Mariah Carey and Nelly Furtado announced in 2011 that they had donated or planned to donate the money they received to charity . J-Lo should do the same , as New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof has suggested . In effect , that would mean Turkmenistan 's dictator unwillingly is funding human rights efforts . And it would be a sign J-Lo , too , learned something from this experience . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Singer Jennifer Lopez draws criticism for her performance in Turkmenistan John Sutter says the "  Happy Birthday " concert actually was productive He says Lopez inadvertently lent her celebrity to raising awareness about human rights Sutter : "  a diva 's visit with a despot can raise more than awareness "
CNN  One hundred and forty-seven victims . Many more families affected . Even more broken hopes and dreams . As Kenyans mourned those killed last week in one of the deadliest terrorist attacks in the nation , citizens used social media to share the victims ' stories , hopes and dreams . Using the hashtag # 147notjustanumber -- a reference to the number of people , mostly students , killed at Garissa University College on Thursday -- Kenyans tweeted pictures of the victims in happier times . Kenyan authorities have not released a list of the victims . The posts provided heart-wrenching details on the victims , including one about an elderly man whose dreams died with his son . He had reportedly taken a loan to educate him at the university , where he was killed by Al-Shabaab terrorists . The attack in Kenya killed 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel , and was the nation 's deadliest since the bombing of the U.S. Embassy in 1998 . Kenyan churches mourned the dead during Easter services Sunday as armed guards protected the congregations . In emotional services nationwide , churchgoers wept as they paid tribute to the victims of the massacre . The gunmen who attacked the university in the predawn hours separated Muslims from Christians and killed the latter . The extremist group has also killed Muslims in recent attacks . The Interior Ministry has identified one of the attackers killed by security forces as the son of a government official . The father of suspect Abdirahim Abdullahi is a chief in Mandera and had reported his son missing , officials said . The Islamist extremist group is based in Somalia , but it has n't confined its terrorism to the nation that shares a border with Kenya . In 2013 , militants attacked Nairobi 's upscale Westgate Mall , killing nearly 70 people .	Kenyans use hashtag # 147notjustanumber to honor victims of Kenya university attack The attack killed 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel
Time.com  -- Here 's another reason to log off at a reasonable hour : exposure to dim lighting at night -- such as that generated by a TV screen , computer or night-light -- may lead to depressive symptoms , new animal research suggests . A study from Ohio State University Medical Center found that hamsters with chronic exposure to dim light at night showed signs of depression within just a few weeks : reduced physical activity compared with hamsters living in normal light-dark conditions , as well as less interest in sugar water  a treat for the hamsters  , greater signs of distress when placed in water , and changes in the brain 's hippocampus that are similar to brain changes seen in depressed people . "  The results we found in hamsters are consistent with what we know about depression in humans , " Tracy Bedrosian , the first author the on the new study , told reporters . Time.com : TV , video games at night may cause sleep problems in kids Mood disorders are by no means the only health condition linked to artificial lighting and screen time at night . Earlier this year , the American Medical Association  AMA  put out a disturbing summary of adverse health effects from nighttime lighting , noting that artificial lights disrupt circadian rhythms and alter the body 's normal hormonal responses . In particular , when people spend too little time in darkness , it seems that the body suppresses release of the hormone melatonin , which -- among other things -- is thought to fight tumor growth and cancers . Other health conditions affected by changes in circadian rhythms , according to the AMA report , may include obesity , diabetes and reproductive problems . "  The good news is that people who stay up late in front of the television and computer may be able to undo some of the harmful effects just by going back to a regular light-dark cycle and minimizing their exposure to artificial light at night , " Bedrosian says . "  That 's what the results we found in hamsters would suggest . " Those animals ' depressive symptoms , at least , went away once the hamsters returned to a schedule that included eight full hours of total darkness per day . Time.com : 5 ways to survive daylight saving time Bedrosian and her colleagues say that , among humans , exposure to artificial lighting at night has surged over the past 50 years , a trend that happens to coincide with large increases in depression prevalence . Light pollution can come from TV and computer screens , other electronic displays and ambient sources such as streetlights , passing traffic and neighboring buildings , in addition to overhead lighting within the home . For their study , the Ohio State researchers also investigated molecular mechanisms that may cause the brain changes associated with nighttime lighting . The scientists found that a cell-signaling protein , or cytokine , known as a hippocampal TNF  tumor necrosis factor  played a limited role . They demonstrated that by inhibiting TNF signaling , some of the depressive effects of light at night could be reversed in the hamsters . The results are published in the journal Molecular Psychiatry . Time.com : Is ` social jet lag ' making you fat ? This story was originally published on Time.com . Unplug ! Too much light at night may lead to depression & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Dim lighting at night may lead to depression , research suggests AMA : Nighttime lighting may lead to adverse health effects In animals , depression eased with a return to 8 hours of darkness
CNN  -- Kentucky Derby winner I 'll Have Another surged to a surprise win Saturday at the 137th running of the Preakness Stakes , keeping its hopes for the coveted Triple Crown alive . I 'll Have Another went into the race with 3-1 odds , behind Bodemeister , the favorite with odds at 2-1 . Bodemeister took an early lead and stayed in front for most of the race . But on the home stretch , I 'll Have Another broke loose , charging up the side and past Bodemeister to score a dramatic win . Bodemeister came in second and Creative Cause took third . Photos : Kentucky Derby hats "  I have to say there was a point where I did n't think we were going to get there , " I 'll Have Another owner J. Paul Reddam told NBC . "  Bodemeister was running his guts out . It was a fantastic race . I did n't feel confident we were going to get there until about 10 yards from the wire . " Purchased last year for just $ 35,000 , I 'll Have Another knows a little something about beating the odds . The 3-year-old colt , with odds at 15-1 going into the Kentucky Derby , stunned the racing world by dashing past favorite Bodemeister to win . Like at the Preakness , Bodemeister led for most of that race before being overtaken at the wire by I 'll Have Another . "  I 'm just numb ; it 's incredible , " said I 'll Have Another trainer Doug O'Neill , moments after Saturday 's race . "  We 're thinking Triple Crown , baby ! " The Preakness , the second of three races that make up the storied U.S. Triple Crown , is run at the Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore . No horse has swept the Triple Crown -- the Kentucky Derby , the Preakness Stakes and the Belmont Stakes -- in 34 years . Only 11 horses have won the Triple Crown . The last was Affirmed in 1978 . Since 1990 , just seven horses have won the first two of the three legs of the Triple Crown . Big Brown was the last horse , in 2008 . The Belmont Stakes is scheduled to be run on June 9 . "  It 's not me . It 's just him . It 's just all about the horse . He just keeps proving people wrong , " I 'll Have Another jockey Mario Gutierrez told NBC . "  I 'm so happy for him because he 's just a great horse ... He has a tremendous kick . " Earlier , the build-up to the race was hit by controversy as the jockey who rode Big Brown to victory in the 2008 Preakness was ruled out of the Preakness after failing a breathalyzer test in New York . Hall of Fame jockey Kent Desormeaux was replaced by Ramon Dominguez on long-shot Tiger Walk . The 42-year-old failed the test at Belmont Park and was taken off all three of his scheduled mounts . Although he has not been suspended , the New York State Racing and Wagering Board is conducting an investigation . Desormeaux has won the Preakness twice : once aboard Real Quiet in 1998 and again 10 years later on Big Brown . CNN 's Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	"  He just keeps proving people wrong , " says jockey Mario Gutierrez Kentucky Derby winner I 'll Have Another blows past Bodemeister on the home stretch The horse is just one win away from the prestigious Triple Crown No horse has won the Triple Crown in 34 years
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Welcome to democracy , Afghan-style . An Afghan woman in a burqa veil holds up a photograph of President Hamid Karzai . An incumbent president and 38 challengers , including two women , are vying for the votes of 17 million registered Afghans against a backdrop of war , graft , poverty and illiteracy . More than 3,000 donkeys , 3,000 cars and three helicopters will traverse harsh terrain to carry voting materials to remote polling stations . And 30 observer groups , domestic and international , will be on hand to help guard against fraud . This Thursday , Afghanistan holds its second-ever popular election , the results of which will put into office a new president and 420 provincial council winners . Preliminary results are scheduled September 3 , with final results expected two weeks later . At the heart of every vote will be the two biggest impediments to progress for one of the poorest nations in the world : stifling corruption and an increasingly bloody Taliban resurgence . The number of Afghan civilians killed increased 24 percent in the first six months of this year compared with the same period last year , according to the United Nations . NATO and U.S. forces have suffered record losses this summer , with 75 troops killed in the month of July alone . Amid the violence , the candidates continued their last-minute campaigning , with the hope that the elections can showcase Afghanistan 's fledgling democracy . "  We hope that this election will go ahead in accordance with the constitution of this country and the rightful freedoms of our people , in the best manner possible , so that the Afghan nation can determine its future , " said historian Omar Khan Massoudi , director of the National Museum in Kabul . Watch young Afghans talk about their hopes " International donors are helping pay for the $ 223 million undertaking , and hundreds of U.S. Marines and Afghan soldiers have moved into southern Afghanistan to protect voters against possible Taliban attacks . The top U.S. envoy to the region , Richard Holbrooke , expressed optimism that Thursday 's vote would be Afghanistan 's moment to shine . It 's tough to organize elections during a war , he said , but the reality is that violence during elections is common place in many parts of the world . "  Afghanistan has never had a contested election , " Holbrooke said . "  So this is a remarkable experiment in democracy and something that Afghanistan needs to give legitimacy to the new government . " That legitimacy has become a key issue in the campaign . Frontrunner President Hamid Karzai 's chief challengers -- former finance minister Ashraf Ghani and former foreign minister Abdullah Abdullah -- have both lashed out at the incumbent for failing to rein in corruption . In its annual global corruption perception index in 2008 , Transparency International ranked Afghanistan 176 out of 180 countries and said graft was "  a major factor impeding the country 's stability and future growth . " Ghani told CNN the most significant challenge Afghanistan 's next president faces is earning back the trust of the people . "  This government has lost it , " he said in a recent interview . "  There is no sense of trust , not only in the current leadership , but in the political class as such . And in the capacity of the state or the international community to improve the lot of our people . " Ghani characterized Karzai as a "  very poor manager " who failed to deal with pressing issues and create any sense of momentum for the nation moving forward . As a guest on CNN 's Fareed Zakaria GPS earlier this month , Ghani said Afghanistan 's corruption had become a cancer that was "  eating through the society . " Babrak Babarkhale , a former journalist and Mujahadeen fighter in the war to end Soviet occupation in the 1980s , said he planned to vote for Abdullah because he was fed up with corruption . "  We want to support Dr. Abdullah Abdullah to be our future president , to take all Afghans out of this corruption , away from this weak government , " he said . Abdullah argued that people 's dissatisfaction with the Karzai government has helped strengthen the insurgency . "  There is no doubt there is a hardcore element in it , " he told CNN . "  But there are thousands of people under the same brand , Taliban , -LSB- who -RSB- have joined the insurgency because of other reasons . " The insurgents are filling a vacuum left by Afghanistan 's Western-backed government , which foreign diplomats and military commanders concede now suffers from nepotism , corruption and predatory practices . During a political debate Sunday , Karzai admitted that corruption was a problem but offered no specific cures . He also has been blamed for what has become the bloodiest summer since the fall of the Taliban regime in 2001 . Abdullah said last week that Karzai 's government had failed to capitalize on the opportunities presented by international aid and troops . The government , Abdullah said , had failed to "  stabilize Afghanistan to the extent that eight years down the road , we would have been able to say less troops rather than more . " Most polls , however , show Karzai with a commanding lead . Latifa , a Kabul housewife , said she was pleased with Karzai 's stewardship and would vote for him . "  Like raising a child for seven years , in seven years he has helped our Kabul , our Afghanistan , stand on its own two feet , " she said . "  We did n't know an election before , we had n't seen a parliament . " But can a nation as troubled as Afghanistan carry out fair and free elections ? Some observers of Afghanistan and human rights activists have voiced their doubts . Kai Eide , the United Nations special representative in Afghanistan , said Thursday 's election will be the most difficult he has encountered in his life . Besides the violence and corruption , weak infrastructure and a high illiteracy rate will add to election woes , he said . A new Gallup Poll found that fewer than one in four voting-age Afghans are confident the election will be fair and transparent . Voting in Afghanistan , Eide said , is not yet the kind of democratic expression understood in the West . "  If you look at the well-established democracies in the West , for instance , that 's not possible under these circumstances , " he said . "  But ... my objective is that we have credible , inclusive elections where the result will be accepted by the people . That is our level of ambition , and I think we will achieve that . " Eide said a significant number of polling stations in strife-torn Helmand , Kandahar , Ghazni and Wardak provinces will not be able to open due to security reasons . He said ballots ought to be counted at the polling center itself instead of transporting them elsewhere and increasing the possibility of fraud , encountered in the last election in 2004 . Eide said 3,000 donkeys were "  mobilized " to carry ballots to remote mountainous regions . Of the 4.6 million new registered voters , 39 percent are women . So thousands of women had to be employed to search burqa-clad female voters . Human Rights Watch , however , said Tuesday that the recruitment drive for women began too late , and as a result , not enough women will be available for security checks . "  Women voters have been badly let down by their government and its international backers , " said Brad Adams , the organization 's Asia director . Women 's votes are key in Afghanistan , where the Taliban stripped women of equal rights and education . Human Rights Watch also said Tuesday that election-related violence was a serious impediment . Between April 25 and August 1 , the rights group documented at least 13 political killings and at least 10 abductions of electoral commission officials , candidates and campaign workers . It said provincial council candidates had withdrawn after receiving death threats . The overall security situation is "  considerably worse than during the last elections , " Human Rights Watch concluded . But despite the violence , despite the threats from the Taliban to disrupt the voting , enthusiasm filled the air Monday as the presidential candidates wrapped up their campaigns . A campaign rally resembled more a rock concert than a political event in Afghanistan , as Kabul stadium transformed into a sea of blue , Abdullah 's campaign color . Supporters hoisted banners and sported T-shirts emblazoned with Abdullah 's face . "  I believe there is a dire need for a change of course in Afghanistan , irrespective of who becomes the president , " said Rauf Roashan of the Institute for Afghan Studies , a scholarly center founded by Afghans living abroad . Not yet old enough to vote , Ferishta , 15 , a beauty school student , echoed Roashan 's sentiments . If she could , she 'd cast a ballot for Ghani . "  We want a president who is peaceful and caring , " she said . "  We do n't want any more bombs . In these bombs , so many Afghans have died , one person 's son , one person 's child . " No one can say with any certainty whether abounding energy will translate into high turnout . Not in a war-ravaged nation . As though to serve reminder of the high stakes , Kabul came under attack again on Tuesday -- just two days before the polls open . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Kevin Flower and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	More than 17 million Afghans are registered to vote Elections are scheduled amid increasing violence A key issue for voters is government corruption Some observers concerned elections will be neither fair nor free
Raising a young family while juggling a career is a tough act to master at the best of times . Doing so aboard a 15-meter yacht , hemmed in by the thick ocean ice of one of the harshest environments on earth must surely complicate matters a whole lot more . But Eric Brossier would n't have it any other way . The French oceanographer and his wife , France , have spent the past eight winters happily recording scientific data across the northern polar-regions while living aboard a specially equipped yacht fittingly called Le Vagabond . Since 2007 , the couple have been accompanied by their eldest daughter , Leonie  now six  and , since 2009 , her younger sister Aurora  now three  . "  It 's not an ordinary life , " he explained from the lower deck of the vessel-come-family home . "  Outside is minus 27 degrees and we wo n't see the sun for at least a few more weeks . " -LSB- But we -RSB- love the wildlife , the mountains , sailing in between the ice , the mix of pack ice drifting with icebergs next to glaciers , " he added . See also : Fine sailing art graces London in the snow Brossier has carried out a raft of seasonal studies near the remote island of Spitsbergen , Norway , and around coastal Greenland in recent years . Polar bears , walruses and an array of spectacular arctic creatures have proved more regular company than people during these trips , which can last between six months and a year at a time . This year , however , the family headed further west and dropped anchor outside the remote Inuit town of Grise Fiord in the Canadian Arctic . The trip marks the first time they have set up camp close to a human settlement . "  The main reasons we decided to come here this winter was so that our eldest daughter could go to school and our youngest daughter could socialize with other kids her own age , " Brossier said . "  Without kids we 'd probably live a couple of kilometers further out just to feel nature a little bit more . "  Still , the town only has a population of around 120 people and we can head out if we wish on snow mobile or with dogs , " he added . See also : Superyacht doubles as a science lab Although Grise Fiord represents the most northerly civilian settlement in North America , Brossier explains that the town is still privy to the comforts of contemporary western life . Homes have central heating , running water and access to the internet , with Facebook being one of the most popular modes of communication -- a far cry from the spartan existence of Inuit communities in Greenland and northern Russia . Yet these modern trappings provide the Brossiers with a happy medium between the Arctic wilderness the family so adores , suitable schooling facilities and viable long-term research work . Brossier says his current assignment is based around the earth 's changing climate . He is paid to measure the thickness of the winter ice , ocean currents and weather patterns in and around Grise Fiord for research institutions in Toronto and Vancouver . In previous years however , he has acted as a guide for television and documentary crews . "  We decide where to go according to the job offered to us or the measurements we have to take , " he said . "  If we can find such projects in the future that meet our work needs and the needs of our children then we may be able to carry on for five or ten years , " he added . But while enthusiastic about adventures the future may hold , Brossier is aware that others -- especially those with young children -- may find his nomadic lifestyle in the Arctic chill less than appealing . He admits there are things he misses from time to time but would advise any avid scientist , sailor or adventurer keen to experience the far north to set sail and experience it for themselves . See also : Computer hackers conquer high seas "  We miss our friends and families and when we go back to France for a few weeks every year that is what we like to see first , " he said . "  So is sitting in the sun and eating some French cheese and fresh fruit . "  But we do n't miss it all that much . If we really missed something too much we would n't have been able to carry this life for such a long time . "	Eric Brossier is a French oceanographer living aboard a yacht in the Canadian Arctic with his young family The Brossiers have spent the past eight winters aboard their boat in the northern polar regions This winter marks the first time the family has set up camp close to an Inuit community
CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama had stern words for his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin over Russia 's actions in Ukraine , following a meeting Thursday of G7 leaders in Brussels , Belgium , at which Russia was excluded . Putin "  has a chance to get back into a lane of international law , " Obama said . But for this to happen , he said , Putin must take steps over the coming weeks that include recognizing Ukraine 's new President-elect Petro Poroshenko , stopping the flow of weapons over the border into Ukraine and ceasing Russian support for pro-Russia separatists in Ukraine . "  We can not simply allow drift , " Obama said , speaking alongside British Prime Minister David Cameron following bilateral talks . "  The mere fact that some of the Russian soldiers have moved back from the border and that Russia is now destabilizing Ukraine through surrogates , rather than overtly and explicitly , does not mean that we can afford three months , or four months , or six months , of continued violence and conflict in eastern Ukraine . " If Russia does not de-escalate the situation , the G7 leaders are united and ready to impose further painful economic sanctions , Obama said , with consequences for the Russian people . "  Today , in contrast to a growing global economy , a sluggish Russian economy is even weaker because of the choices made by Russia 's leadership , " he said . Putin was excluded from what was originally planned as a G8 summit in Sochi , Russia , as part of measures to sanction Moscow over its annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea region . It 's the first time in some 20 years that Russia has not been part of the meeting of world economic powers , Obama said , adding that the step is warranted because Moscow 's actions have violated international law and gone against the group 's principles . Energy security Putin may not have been at the table , but the summit 's message was clearly directed at Russia . In a joint statement issued late Wednesday , the G7 leaders pledged their support for the Ukrainian people and government "  in the face of unacceptable interference in Ukraine 's sovereign affairs by the Russian Federation . " They also warned Moscow that they are ready to intensify targeted economic sanctions and impose new costs on Russia "  should events so require . " "  Russia 's illegal annexation of Crimea , and actions to de-stabilize eastern Ukraine are unacceptable and must stop , " the statement said . "  We urge the Russian Federation to recognize the results of the election , complete the withdrawal of its military forces on the border with Ukraine , stop the flow of weapons and militants across the border and to exercise its influence among armed separatists to lay down their weapons and renounce violence . " The G7 leaders also talked about energy security , amid concern over Europe 's reliance on Russian natural gas and Moscow 's capacity to hold nations hostage to political maneuvering . Obama will next head to Paris , where he will dine with French President Francois Hollande . Putin also will be hosted by the French President on Thursday -- but at a separate dinner . Obama and Putin are among a number of leaders invited to take part in ceremonies in France to mark the 70th anniversary of the D-Day landings , which helped change the course of World War II . They are likely to cross paths while both are in France , Obama said , but no formal talks have been announced . If they should speak , Obama added , he will give Putin the same message on Ukraine that he has given him in phone calls over past weeks and in his public statements . There may be one touchy subject at Obama 's dinner with Hollande . In his remarks after the G7 meeting , Obama said he had "  expressed concerns about continuing significant defense deals with Russia at a time when they 've violated basic international law , " a reference to a $ 1.6 billion French deal to sell warships to Moscow . "  President Hollande understands my position , " Obama said , adding that he in turn recognizes that this is a big deal for France and that it 's important for jobs . Nonetheless , Obama said , "  I think it would 've been preferable to press the pause button . President Hollande so far has not done so . " Putin : I wo n't avoid anyone Although Putin was not invited to the G7 meeting -- which brings together the United States , Canada , the United Kingdom , Germany , France , Italy and Japan -- he will have talks on Ukraine with some G7 leaders while they are all in France . Besides Hollande , they include German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Cameron . The D-Day events , which include a spectacular fireworks show Thursday evening along the Normandy coastline and continue into the weekend , may also bring Putin and Ukraine 's President-elect Petro Poroshenko face to face . Asked in an interview with French television station TF1 if he would speak with Ukraine 's new leader , Putin said he will not "  evade " Poroshenko or anyone else . "  There will be other guests , and I 'm not going to avoid any of them . I will talk with all of them , " he said , according to the Kremlin 's translation . Poroshenko also did not exclude the possibility , speaking at a news conference Wednesday in Warsaw . "  As things stand now , a meeting between me and Putin is not envisaged , but I do not rule out that it could take place in one format or another . So let 's talk about it when there are grounds for it , " he said . Hollande said that both were invited , although Poroshenko is due to arrive only on Saturday . Putin : No Russian intervention in Ukraine Questioned in the same TF1 interview about Russia 's intentions in Ukraine , Putin denied it had sought to annex or destabilize its neighbor . "  We never did that , " he said . "  The Ukrainian government must now sit down and talk with their own people instead of using weapons , tanks , planes and helicopters . They must start the negotiating process . " Kiev and the West have said the separatists in Ukraine are coordinated and supplied by Russia . Asked if it was true that Russia had intervened directly , Putin was again vehement in his denial . "  There are no armed forces , no Russian ` instructors ' in southeastern Ukraine . And there never were any , " he said . Putin reiterated his position that Russia respects the Ukrainian people 's vote and that Moscow will work with the authorities in Kiev . He also said Russia recognizes Ukraine 's sovereignty , while acknowledging that any move by Kiev to join NATO "  worries us . " This concern was a factor in Russia 's annexation of Crimea , Putin told the French broadcaster , following the ouster of President Viktor Yanukovych in what Moscow regards as an illegal coup . Whether Putin and Poroshenko meet personally , Russia will give the new Ukrainian president some official recognition when its ambassador to Ukraine attends Poroshenko 's inauguration Saturday . Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman Alexander Lukashevich said Thursday , according to state-run RIA Novosti , that Ambassador Mikhail Zurabov will also resume his duties in Kiev . "  He is returning to Kiev in order to continue executing his functions , " Lukashevich said . Obama vows to stand with Ukraine as he meets President-elect in Poland Opinion : Putin 's empire building is not a new Cold War Russia and Ukraine bicker in U.N. meeting CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Greg Botelho , Jim Acosta , Victoria Eastwood , Anna Maja Rappard and Jason Hanna contributed to this report , as did Tim Lister in Donetsk .	NEW : State media : Russia 's ambassador will attend Poroshenko 's inauguration Obama says Putin has a chance to "  get back into a lane of international law " G7 leaders warn Russia they are ready to impose more sanctions over Ukraine Russia 's Putin and Ukraine 's new President-elect do not rule out meeting in France
Washington  CNN  -- Car owners who have replaced a vehicle 's airbag in the past three years , take note : That new airbag could be an unsafe fake . Federal officials on Wednesday warned motorists and auto shops that counterfeit airbags pose a danger to consumers , saying the bags could fail to deploy or even hurt people in car wrecks . Concerns over counterfeit airbags heightened last month when authorities tested 10 fake airbags seized as part of a criminal investigation . All 10 failed , authorities said . Some failed to inflate , others partially inflated and one exploded , showering the crash test dummy with metal shrapnel . To date , there are no known injuries or deaths resulting from the counterfeits , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said . But officials said they fear the counterfeits could hurt motorists and passengers if they go undetected . "  These seemingly genuine airbags are in fact shoddy fakes , " said John Morton , director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , which seized 2,500 counterfeit airbags during fiscal 2012 . "  These airbags do n't work . They 're not going to save you in an accident . They are a fraud and a danger from start to finish , and you do n't want them in your car , period . " Officials cautioned that only a small fraction of all cars -- estimated at 0.1 % -- have the counterfeit airbags . "  They are good fakes . They look like the real thing , " said David Strickland , administrator of National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . "  And frankly , a consumer is not going to be in a position to figure out whether they have a fake or a real airbag . " The agency said the following people may be most at risk : -- Those who have had airbags replaced in the past three years at a repair shop that is not part of a new car dealership . -- Those who have purchased a used car but are not familiar with its history . -- Those who own a car with a title branded salvage , rebuilt or reconstructed . -- Those who have purchased replacement airbags over the Internet , especially at unusually low prices , such as less than $ 400 . If motorists suspect they may have a counterfeit airbag , they should contact call centers established by car manufacturers to have their vehicles inspected . A list of call centers is available at www.SaferCar.gov . Government and industry officials noted that consumers will bear the cost of inspections . "  The bad actors here are the counterfeiters , " said A. Bailey Wood Jr. , a spokesman for the National Automobile Dealers Association . Wood estimated the cost of inspecting airbags at between $ 100 and $ 200 , and the cost of replacing a steering wheel airbag at between $ 750 and $ 1,000 . "  And some cars have eight airbags , " he said . Strickland said his agency is working with automakers to develop a system to verify authentic replacement parts and to raise awareness of the potential risks of counterfeit parts . Morton said earlier this year that customs agents arrested a Chinese broker selling nine brands of counterfeit airbags in the United States . That broker has been convicted and is in prison , Morton said , and multiple investigations into other brokers are continuing .	Counterfeit airbags have been sold as replacements for U.S. cars In tests , fake bags failed to work , and one even exploded , authorities say Only a small fraction of cars have the bad bags , officials say
Washington  CNN  -- A new Defense Department report says many civilian contractors working in Kuwait did n't have proper clearances and could have jeopardized the safety of U.S. military personnel and undermined national security . The Defense Department Inspector General said dozens of contractors worked in sensitive positions without security clearances or the official passes they needed . And some of those people , according to the report , were allowed to remain on the job even after inspectors uncovered the security problems . The report says a company called Combat Support Associates  CSA  was awarded the contract in 1999 for what was called Combat Support Services Contract-Kuwait  CSSC-K  . The contract was extended and is due to expire at the end of September after costing the government more than $ 3.3 billion dollars . "  CSSC-K contractor employees occupied sensitive positions such as force protection officers , system administrators , and supply inspectors in Kuwait without obtaining security clearances , " the report says . The department 's inspector general says the company 's security office failed to track 21 of 379 employees who were in sensitive positions , such as ammunition supply , and that 11 employees did not have a valid security clearance . In addition there was no information whether some of the employees had a U.S. passport , although U.S. citizenship was required by the contract "  Additionally , CSA officials allowed 20 employees to remain in sensitive positions without the required security clearance after its internal quality assurance office and DCMA  the Defense Contract Management Agency , overseeing the contract  officials informed CSA officials that they were in violation of the contract , " the report says . "  If DCMA and contractor officials do not ensure that all employees have the required security clearances and maintain proper security information , they jeopardize the military mission and threaten the safety and security of the military , civilian , and contractor personnel in Kuwait . " CNN was unable to contact representatives of the contractor . The inspector general 's report says the company claims it did not understand the terms of the agreement . "  According to CSA 's human resources information system analyst , the Army did not clearly define or designate all sensitive positions ; therefore , CSA officials relied on their own department managers to determine which positions required a security clearance , " the report says . And the report suggests the Army and Pentagon 's oversight of the contract may have been lacking . "  If the Army does not ensure that all contractor employees have the required security clearances and maintain proper security information , these employees pose a threat to the military , civilian , and U.S. contractor personnel in Kuwait , as well as to national security , " the report says	A new Defense Department report cites a contractor in Kuwait The company failed to make sure its workers had proper clearances and documentation The safety of U.S. military personnel could have been jeopardized , Defense says The contract , which ends this month , cost $ 3.3 billion
CNN  My son Jason Rezaian and his wife were taken at gunpoint from their apartment in Iran more than 200 days ago . Since then , he has been languishing in a jail with no firm trial date in sight . Our patience has been exhausted . It is time to release my son or let him face a fair trial . Jason Rezaian , The Washington Post 's Tehran bureau chief , was taken with his wife , Yeganeh , from their apartment on July 22 . Jason , a dual Iranian-American citizen , has been at Evin Prison , held on suspicion of somehow posing a security risk to Iran . Yeganeh was released in early October , and through November she was permitted three phone calls and two visits each week . But last month , she was only permitted one brief visit . In a meeting December 22 with two members of Jason and Yeganeh 's interrogation team , I was informed : "  The West has an unfair view of us  the Iranian Revolutionary Guard  . We do not rape , we do not torture ; we do not waterboard . We are not Guantanamo . ... We do everything by Islamic , true Islamic law . " When I visited my son in Evin on Christmas Day , he told me : "  I will be a model prisoner if I am granted my rights under Islamic law . Rights attributed to Imam Ali , a fair and just man . And I do n't believe I 've been granted any of them : the right to meet with my attorney , my trial scheduled in a timely manner , and visitation rights with my wife . " Following my trip , Iranian newspapers -- moderate and hard-line alike -- highlighted that I had met with Jason twice . Last weekend , in Munich , Germany , Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif commented on his role in that process . But while I sincerely appreciate Zarif 's "  humanitarian " efforts , as well as the orchestrating of Jason 's one telephone call to me for Thanksgiving Day , the fact is that as a dual citizen and therefore Iranian mother , it is my right to visit my son in prison . In fact , in the early months , I was told the Iranians were asking Jason , "  Where is your mother ? " when I was n't there all the time because they are so accustomed to seeing mothers waiting outside the prison gates . Yet in January , I was given no assurances of permission for further visits . Iran 's ways are often inscrutable . There are apparently three separate security apparatuses , and Jason seems now to have been handed off to a legal branch  the judiciary  that appears to be taking its time scheduling his trial . Iran 's Constitution spells out that once a prisoner 's file is completed , the prisoner is to be moved to a public ward , where he can interact with others and have access to a telephone . Furthermore , once assigned to a court , a trial date must be set within 60 days . As his file was sent in early January , the case should be heard in early March . And yet there are rumblings that Jason 's case will not be heard until after Nowruz , the Persian New Year , which is on the first day of spring , March 21 . Anyone with knowledge of Iran knows that nothing happens during the two weeks following Nowruz , a period when even newspapers do n't publish , so it can only be assumed his trial date might not be set before April 6 . All this is taking a huge toll on Jason . It weighs heavily on him knowing how much his wife , his brother , their families and our relatives in the United States and Iran are worrying about him . And it deeply pains him to know that this situation has come about because of suspicions -- no matter how baseless -- about his contacts and associations . All this frustration is compounded by the knowledge that the length of his detention far exceeds that of other American journalists in Iran . This week , Iran is celebrating the anniversary of the Islamic Revolution . It is traditionally a time when pardons are granted and prisoners are released on bail to visit with their families . Jason is fully aware of this . Whatever the unknown charges against him may be , surely Jason is at the least entitled to regular visits from his wife and phone calls with his mother ? Our family has been exceedingly patient during these seven months . We have been respectful of Iran , of its laws and its procedures . But our patience ran out some time ago , and it is difficult , nearly impossible , to maintain respect for a system under which someone who was born and raised American is being detained "  as an Iranian " even as his rights under Iran 's own laws are being so flagrantly violated . I am calling on Iranian Human Rights Minister Mohammad Javad Larijani , Javad Zarif , President Hassan Rouhani and the Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , to ensure that Jason 's rights are observed . Please review the evidence and release my son or ensure that he receives a fair trial immediately . It is long past time .	The Washington Post 's Jason Rezaian has been detained in Iran since July Mary Rezaian : Time to release my son or let him face a fair trial
CNN  -- Africa 's oil and gas potential will grow significantly over the next two decades , driven by population growth , urbanization and the emergence of a wealthier middle class on the continent . Six of the top 10 global discoveries in the oil and gas sector in 2013 were made in Africa , with more than 500 companies currently exploring deposits there . There were nearly nine million barrels of crude oil produced daily in Africa last year , with more than 80 % of it coming from established players such as Algeria , Angola and Nigeria . This is all good news for Africa , but look behind the figures and the story is more about gas than oil . Excitement remains around large gas finds in Mozambique and Tanzania , but even here there is much hype and unknowns . The scale of these East African finds is not in doubt but developing these discoveries will be massively expensive and a long-term investment . Mozambique 's gas investment in particular will be dependent on what future gas prices will be -- and this is changing quickly due to the oil and gas revolution . Changing landscape Ten years ago , gas investments in the Gulf of Guinea were made to service the U.S. market . Today , that market has disappeared and the U.S. itself is exporting gas , while Angola , Nigeria and Equatorial Guinea are now exporting to Europe and Asia . Indeed , a decade ago it was unimaginable that Algerian , Angolan and Nigerian oil exports to the United States would have plummeted so dramatically and that India would so soon become the second largest importer of African oil after China . The lesson is that the international market can change quickly in response to technological innovation and geo-politics . If China and Australia develop their shale gas reserves , or if South Africa discovers and develops major reserves under the Karoo , then East Africa 's mid-term prospects could change significantly . Qatar -- the world 's largest source of liquefied natural gas -- could decide to export more , also changing the calculus . The gas sector is currently concentrated in Africa , with nine-tenths of annual production volumes coming from Nigeria , Libya , Algeria and Egypt . Gas is more costly to develop and export . I worry that governments in East Africa have become intoxicated by industry hype and have not managed public expectations -- not only is future gas pricing less certain , but the profits following the large investments are much lower than oil . Unlocking the potential There is no doubt that Africa remains significantly under-explored by oil and gas companies . The price of oil and the incentives for exploration partly determine this , but major investors are also cautious because of the lingering challenges of corruption , lack of infrastructure and regulation . As regulatory frameworks tighten in the U.S. and Europe , international oil companies have to be more careful about how they conduct their business . The corruption allegations over ENI in Nigeria are a reminder of this -- but it is not only big oil companies that are impacted . The Securities and Exchange Commission  SEC  investigation into U.S.-listed Cobalt International Energy has ensured that despite its exciting hydrocarbon in the Angolan pre-salt concessions it is unable to farm out to a major or super major International oil company and its share price has suffered . Likewise , the Houston-based oil and gas company Hyperdynamics Corporation 's share price tumbled in 2013 when the U.S. Department of Justice and the SEC requested documents relating to its business in Guinea . Look carefully and you can see the oil industry responding to greater scrutiny . In Angola this year , the Norwegian oil company Statoil successfully flipped its equity exposure from a partner that raised eyebrows to two small international oil companies with better probity records . Although finding oil and gas in Africa can still be low cost , developing it needs deep financial investment and long-term commitment . African governments that manage better their regulatory and business environment are more likely to attract this type of investment that is needed to unlock their natural resource endowments , which in turn can generate revenue . Read this : How Africa 's resources fuel the world Read this : Africa 's giant infrastructure projects The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Vines .	6 of the top 10 global oil and gas discoveries in 2013 were made in Africa Yet , developing these finds requires massive , long-term investments Countries must improve regulatory and business environment to attract investors
CNN  -- Former South African President Nelson Mandela will not attend Friday 's opening of the World Cup soccer tournament after the death of his great-grandchild in a car crash , a representative said . "  It would therefore be inappropriate for him to personally attend the FIFA World Cup opening celebrations , " said Sello Hatang , from the Mandela Foundation . "  We are sure that South Africans and people all over the world will stand in solidarity with Mr. Mandela and his family in the aftermath of this tragedy . " Zenani Mandela , 13 , died early Friday morning while returning from the World Cup soccer tournament 's kick-off concert , the foundation said . She was in a car returning from the show at Orlando Stadium when the wreck occurred . No other vehicle was involved in the wreck , the foundation said . The driver was arrested for culpable homicide and drunk driving , police told CNN . Zenani turned 13 on Wednesday . She was one of Mandela 's nine great-grandchildren . The former leader had been expected to attend Friday 's World Cup kickoff , his grandson Nkosi Mandela confirmed on Tuesday . Mandela , who is 91 , played a key role in bringing the World Cup to South Africa but has made limited public appearances recently , although he did meet the South Africa squad last week .	Mandela played key role in bringing World Cup to South Africa Great-granddaughter died in wreck after World Cup kick-off concert Driver charged with drunk driving , police said
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The increasing use of the Internet by political campaigns presents hackers and spammers with growing opportunities for abuse , according to two Internet experts . Oliver Friedrichs is director of emerging technologies for Symantec . Oliver Friedrichs , director of emerging technologies for Symantec , a computer security firm , said he has seen attacks of only moderate severity but warns much more damage could be done . Those attacks include : phishing , or e-mails designed to look legitimate but which take respondents to fraudulent sites ; adware , or ads that appear through pop-ups or banners on Web pages ; and spyware , which secretly monitors computer users . Fraudulent Web sites and plain old lies are also used . "  Campaigns , extremists and others who may not be associated with the campaigns are very likely to start participating in these types of attacks , if not in this election , then in future elections , " Friedrichs said in a presentation this week to a Black Hat computer information security conference in Washington . According to Symantec , an e-mail was sent last week to several hundred people urging them to click on a link to see a video of Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Hillary Clinton . The people who did so inadvertently downloaded a malicious code that made their computers start spewing spam . Other incidents have involved the theft of money and personal information . In 2004 , for instance , supporters of the Democratic presidential ticket of John Kerry and John Edwards received an e-mail soliciting donations . It provided a link to a site on which people were directed to enter their credit card information . It was bogus . Authorities do n't know how much money was collected , where it went or how much credit card information was compromised . With Internet fundraising proving to be a blockbuster success for candidates , Friedrichs said he believes more thieves will try to exploit it . Some cons operate through "  typo squatting . " For $ 8 a month , anyone can register a domain name that closely resembles the Internet address of a campaign . If an attacker then establishes a Web site that closely resembles a candidate 's , unsuspecting supporters could make donations . The campaign would never get the money , but the attacker would . Friedrichs said his research shows that typo squatting is in wide use . Hundreds of domain names close to those of the presidential candidates have been registered , some of them in India and China . These domain names have been used to establish Web sites on which to sell advertising or make political points . Others are used to mock candidates . A slip of the finger while navigating to Clinton 's Web site , for instance , could send a user to Hillaryclingon.com , which portrays the former first lady as a character from "  Star Trek . " Candidate Web sites themselves also can be hacked , and visitors to the sites could find their computers infected with viruses or worms . "  I 'm sure it is happening now , " said Tom Kellermann , vice president of security awareness for Core Security Technologies . Kellermann said all Web sites , including political ones , are targets . "  Web sites are being attacked on a daily basis by individuals , non-state actors , organized criminals and state actors , " he said . "  Web sites are seen now as the perfect storm because you can attack the users that use them to access the information and visitors who use those sites , who trust those sites . " The Internet might also be used to distribute disinformation about candidates . Politically motivated hackers could even post inaccurate information on a candidate 's site , Friedrichs said . Attackers are rarely caught , according to Friedrichs . It is easy for "  attackers to remain completely anonymous and to never be discovered , " he said . If the exploitation and corruption of political information on the Internet grows as Friedrichs predicts , he said he fears the public could become wary of Internet fundraising and even become suspicious of political information available on the Web . "  It certainly has the potential to not only disrupt but potentially cause voters to lose faith in the electoral system , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Politically related Internet attacks moderate so far , security expert says With Internet fundraising a success , thieves may be more likely to strike on Web Bogus sites with URLs close to candidates ' sites take advantage of "  typo squatting " Internet attackers rarely caught , expert says
Boca Raton , Florida  CNN  -- The third and final presidential debate proved to be a substantive , if not sharp , discussion on the major issues facing the nation as both candidates tried in earnest to persuade the small sliver of undecideds to vote for them . While foreign policy was the overarching theme , it was no surprise that the domestic economy shared center stage as President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney each sought to score points on the No. 1 issue of this election . In two weeks , the long and bitter campaign will come to a close -- barring an election controversy -LSB- shudder the thought -RSB- -- and Monday night 's debate will help frame the discussion in the closing days . Reflecting on the 90-minute matchup in Florida , here are five takeaways : 1 . Heated , but measured disagreements The level of animosity between the two candidates was apparent but unlike last week , it was capped due in a large part to the debate format and setting . It is much more difficult to bring a level of personal anger to a boiling point while seated at a table . Sitting on high chairs with the ability to walk freely on the stage seems to help fuel rage , while sitting together at a table appears to have a cooling affect . Obama wins final debate , but does it matter ? That 's not to say there were not prickly exchanges -- OK , very prickly exchanges -- or talking over one another during points of contention , but it rarely rose to the level where it appeared the boxing gloves were going to come out . From Libya to Iran and Syria to China -- and the economy -- the candidates opined about challenges facing the nation in this last chance to reach an audience of tens of millions of voters . A colleague turned to me several times unprompted during the 90-minute exchange and said , "  I wish all of the debates were like this one . " 2 . It 's the economy , stupid It was a debate about foreign policy , an important subject that plays second fiddle to the No. 1 issue on voter 's minds this election : the economy , the economy and the economy -- OK , in addition to a handful of other domestic issues such as health care , taxes , education , and Social Security . Funniest tweets from the final debate There was substantive discussion and disagreement on foreign policy during the face-off , but as we noted earlier , the economy received a fair amount of air time . Romney tried to convince voters the economy was a national security issue that has weakened America 's standing in the world . And when presented the opportunity , the Republican presidential nominee seized it to again present his five-point plan to revive the sluggish economy that includes creating training programs for workers to helping small businesses grow and thus create more jobs . In turn , Obama highlighted his administration 's efforts at improving education , while criticizing Romney 's record on education and small business as governor of Massachusetts . Hardly topics that can be classified as foreign policy , yet issues that are paramount to voters . Analysis : No knockout , but more punches 3 . Commander-in-chief card At strategic points throughout the night , Obama played the commander-in-chief card as a way to show that he has had to make the difficult decisions that only a president faces . At the top of the debate : "  Well , my first job as commander in chief , Bob , is to keep the American people safe . And that 's what we 've done over the last four years . " During a contentious exchange on foreign policy : "  Here 's one thing I 've learned as commander in chief . " And the closer : "  As commander in chief , I will maintain the strongest military in the world , keep faith with our troops and go after those who would do us harm . But after a decade of war , I think we all recognize we 've got to do some nation-building here at home , rebuilding our roads , our bridges and especially caring for our veterans who sacrificed so much for our freedom . " Advantage Obama , he effectively played the card Romney could n't : being commander in chief . But Romney also saw some benefit in not being president . He did n't have to defend a record and was able to talk about his vision for the country without having to answer for any shortcomings . Presidential debate 's global reaction : Disappointment 4 . America 's role in the world My favorite topic of the night : It is a question that allows a candidate to go big in his vision for the future . Of course , each candidate took the opportunity to use it to talk in political terms , but not before offering these words of hope -- Romney : "  I absolutely believe that America has a responsibility and the privilege of helping defend freedom and promote the principles that make the world more peaceful . " Obama : "  America remains the one indispensable nation . And the world needs a strong America . " Enough said . It was a presidential question , appropriate for the final presidential debate . Read a transcript of the debate 5 . Closing arguments It is now a race to November 6 as both candidates crisscross the country in search of votes from the small group of battleground states that will decide this election . Obama wakes up in Florida on Tuesday and holds a rally before heading to Ohio for a campaign event with Vice President Joe Biden . Romney travels out West to join vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan for a campaign event in Las Vegas before flying to Colorado for an evening rally . In the moments following the debate , Obama campaign manager Jim Messina was very clear about the political strategy in these final two weeks : "  Persuading undecideds and turning out your vote . " By no means did Messina lift back the curtain and provide insight that we did not already know , but it goes to show you that politics is a very basic game -- the person with the most votes wins . Watch the debate again on CNN.com As for where exactly Obama will spend most of his time in these closing days , Messina would not commit to particular states but emphasized , "  We are going to be very flexible where we go . " Kevin Madden , Romney 's spokesman , noted that in addition to Nevada and Colorado , the former governor will also make stops in Ohio and Iowa in the coming days and plans to visit multiple swing states in the same day as part of the effort to turn out the vote . If the election stays this tight heading into November 6 , will the traditional 48-hour closing candidate barnstorm turn into 72-hour nonstop tours of the nine battleground states ? Were your questions answered ? Let us know on CNN iReport	Foreign policy was theme of last debate , but economic issues also got attention Barack Obama and Mitt Romney in sharp exchanges , but showdown less contentious overall Obama played ` commander-in-chief ' card to highlight foreign policy decisionmaking Romney talked about vision for country without having to defend a foreign policy record
