Los Angeles  CNN  -- Larry King might be only person whose surprise birthday party guest list would include Pat Boone and Larry Flynt . The talk show host turned 80 Tuesday , but the celebration started over the weekend when Boone , known for his conservative political views , serenaded King with "  Happy Birthday " while Flynt , publisher of Hustler magazine , watched . The surprise party in the middle of Dodger Stadium , produced by wife Shawn King , also included Paul Anka delivering a custom rendition of his classic song "  My Way . " King left his CNN throne almost three years ago , but he 's staying busy as he begins his ninth decade . He hosts "  Larry King Now " on Ora TV and his show is also seen online through Hulu . He still does daily radio segments on Cumulus stations . "  I thought I could retire , but I could n't , " he told CNN at his party . "  I love doing what I do . I love asking questions . I love being in the mix . " What is King 's secret to interview success ? "  I leave my ego at the door ; the guest counts , " King said . "  I see a lot of guys now , the interview is more about them than the guests . I never use the word ` I ' when I interview someone . I think it 's irrelevant . " Between swings in the Dodger batting cage , Boone talked about King , who is just 6 months older .  Yes , Pat Boone can swing a bat surprisingly well at 79 . King "  invented the whole thing of celebrity interviewing , " Boone said . Their first interview together was more than nearly 50 years ago when King broadcast from a restaurant booth in Miami , he said . Celebrities feel comfortable with King because they know he 's not trying to trap them , he said . "  He was never was trying to trap you or take advantage or present his own agenda , but inquisitive , truly inquisitive . So you never knew what he was going to ask . They were good and probing questions . You gave revealing answers , but you were more revealing because you thought you were talking to a friend . " Longtime "  Entertainment Tonight " host Mary Hart called King "  wonderfully unique . " "  The network of friends that he has built up , throughout the world , no matter if it is political circles or celebrity circles , it is unparalleled , " Hart said . Dr. Drew Pinskey said that the times he filled in for King -- before hosting his own HLN show -- made him realize "  hard it was to do his job and how easy he made it look . " King gives his guests a "  spoonful of sugar " while "  he 's sticking the shiv in you , " Pinskey said . "  It 's pleasant and so fun that you do n't even realize it . " Singer-songwriter Paul Anka became King 's friend during the Miami days in the 1960s . "  Larry never takes a real dirty run at you , " Anka said . "  He always gets to the real deal without hurting anybody . " "  Inside Edition " correspondent Jim Moret , who substituted as host on King 's CNN show at least 30 times , called him "  a mentor , a friend . " He expects King will be working for many more years . "  He told me that he wants his last question to be , ` Guest , what 's it like being asked a question by a 118-year-old ? ' " Larry King talks Castro , Chavez and the richest man in the world with Cala	Larry King 's wife throws a surprise party in Dodger Stadium "  I thought I could retire , but I could n't , " King says King "  invented the whole thing of celebrity interviewing , " Pat Boone says Paul Anka : "  He always gets to the real deal without hurting anybody "
CNN  -- A tug-of-war over the body of a former Venezuelan president was avoided Wednesday night when feuding sides of Carlos Andres Perez 's family agreed for him to be buried in his homeland . In a statement , Perez 's longtime partner , Cecilias Matos , said her family would not stand in the way of a Venezuelan final resting place for the ex-president . Perez , 88 , died Saturday in Miami , Florida . Matos planned to have him buried there . Perez 's wife in Venezuela , from whom he was long separated but apparently never divorced , had requested that Perez 's body be sent to Venezuela . Earlier this week , a Florida judge signed a preliminary injunction blocking any burial until the matter was settled . Blanca Perez , the former president 's wife in Venezuela , asked for the injunction . "  At the present time in Venezuela , love should be lavished to it and its great men , " the Matos family said in the statement . "  Repatriating him is a way of giving  Perez  tribute , so neither Cecilia Matos nor her daughters , Maria Francia and Cecilia Victoria , will become an obstacle . " The statement continued , "  The Perez Matos family is absolutely convinced that Carlos Andres Perez belongs now to Venezuela , and all the Venezuelan people . " Perez , 88 , served two terms as president of the South American country , the first from 1974 to 1979 and again from 1989 to 1993 . During his final term , he survived a coup attempt led by Hugo Chavez , who spent two years in prison but later amassed support among millions of poor people angry about corruption and became Venezuela 's president . Perez 's second stint in power was marred by "  El Caracazo , " a string of protests and riots against an economic package that the president had introduced . More than 200 people died in the violence . Perez was impeached on corruption charges in 1993 , several months before his term was to end .	Carlos Andres Perez died Saturday in Miami , Florida , at age 88 His longtime partner wanted him buried in the United States His estranged wife in Venezuela wanted his body sent back to Venezuela A Florida judge had blocked any burial until the matter was settled
CNN  -- Nearly three years after the Costa Concordia cruise ship ran aground off Italy 's Giglio Island , the remains of the final victim have been recovered . The remains of Russel Rebello were found in a cabin in the wrecked ship , which is currently in Genoa , where it was moved to be scrapped , Italy 's state-run ANSA news agency said Monday . Thirty-two lives were lost in the January 2012 incident , when the ship ran aground with more than 4,200 passengers aboard . The remains of all the dead had been found except for Rebello 's . Rebello 's brother , Kevin Rebello , confirmed the news on Facebook . "  I promised my family that I will bring back home my brother some day , " Kevin Robello wrote , noting that 1,025 days had passed since the disaster . Russel Rebello 's body was found on Deck 8 in a cabin , his brother wrote . "  I do n't have words to express , " Kevin Robello said . "  Just my pain , my tears , my heart pounding harder and my body trembling . " The wrecked Costa Concordia became part of the landscape near Giglio Island for years , until it was refloated in July of this year and eased into a dry dock in Genoa for salvage . The lengthy process of dismantling the wrecked ship is expected to take two years . More than 80 % of the Concordia will be recycled or reused , including copper wiring , plumbing pipes , kitchens and some of the plastic room fittings that can be repaired . The remaining 50,000 tons of steel will be melted down and sold at the market price to be used to make construction girders , cars and even other ships . Costa Concordia reaches end of final voyage	The remains of the final Costa Concordia victim have been recovered Thirty-two people lost their lives in the disaster The remains of Russel Rebello were found in a cabin
NASA has given the people of Earth a rare treat : A color mosaic that captures not only Saturn , but also the tiny dots of Earth and other planets in the background . The panorama , released Tuesday , was captured by the Cassini spacecraft on July 19 , when the sun slipped behind the ringed planet . Earth appears as a bright blue dot to Saturn 's lower right , just above Saturn 's outer , halo-like E-ring . Venus is a dot to the upper left , with Mars appearing as a faint red dot above and to the left of Venus . This is the first image in which Saturn , its moons and rings , and Earth , Venus and Mars are all visible , NASA said . The image -- a panorama of 141 wide-angle pictures -- covers 404,880 miles across Saturn and its ring system . Cassini images showing both Saturn and Earth are rare because the sun is so close to Earth , that targeting the blue planet would damage Cassini 's sensors , NASA says . The July 19 image was possible because Saturn blocked out the sun . Lonely , young planet drifting in space without a star Space-minded earthlings might remember that July 19 was "  Wave at Saturn " day . The Cassini team , knowing it would be capturing the Saturn-Earth images , invited people to take photos of themselves waving to the sky while the spacecraft took Earth 's picture . Cassini was never going to see people gesturing from the tiny blue speck , of course , but that was n't the point . People shared more than 1,400 images of themselves from that event , and in August , NASA released a collage of those pictures assembled to look like -- from a distance -- a portion of Earth 's Western Hemisphere . The Cassini spacecraft was launched in 1997 and has been in orbit around the sixth planet from the sun since 2004 . NASA hopes to have it continue to get more pictures and other data of Saturn , its rings and moons through 2017 . Diamonds may be produced on other planets , including Saturn	Image is Cassini 's first showing Saturn , rings , moons , Earth , Venus and Mars at same time The collage is panorama of 141 wide-angle pictures taken July 19 Image was possible that day because Saturn obstructed spacecraft 's view of sun
Washington  CNN  -- Say goodbye to one of the greatest irritants of modern life : television commercials that are MUCH LOUDER THAN THE SHOW YOU ARE WATCHING ! Beginning Thursday , the Federal Communications Commission is barring broadcasters and pay TV providers from airing excessively loud commercials , saying ads must maintain the "  same average volume " as the programs they accompany . The move -- which undoubtedly will make many TV viewers happier , and save countless marriages -- addresses a problem that , regulators say , is almost as old as television itself . Loud commercials have been a leading source of complaints to the FCC since its consumer call center began reporting top complaints in 2002 . Since January 2008 , the FCC has received about 1,000 complaints and about 5,000 inquiries , the commission said . Congress mandated the change in the aptly named Commercial Advertisement Loudness Mitigation , or CALM , Act in 2010 . Last year , the FCC set a December 13 , 2012 , deadline for full compliance . Until now , the FCC says it did n't regulate the "  loudness " of commercials mainly because it was difficult to craft rules . For one thing , loudness is subjective . So , for years , the commission advised customers to mute their TVs or lower the volume . The CALM Act bill had wide bipartisan support , passing the Senate unanimously and the House by a voice vote . Bill supporters Rep. Anna Eshoo , D-California , and Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse , D-Rhode Island , and industry representatives plan an event in Washington on Thursday to mark the full implementation of the law . The FCC says it has granted two temporary waivers to the law : one to South Georgia Governmental Services Authority , a municipal cable system , because of financial hardship ; and to WPFO in Waterville , Maine , which asked for a grant because it is relocating its facilities . Non-commercial television stations are exempt from the act . Political ads , however , must comply . The FCC will not monitor compliance , but instead will rely on consumer complaints to assist the commission to enforce the rule . Complaints can be filed by using the online complaint form , 2000G , at http://www.fcc.gov/complaints .	A new rule mandates that ads maintain the same volume as TV shows It stems from the Commercial Advertisement Loudness Mitigation , or CALM , Act Political ads must comply
CNN  -- Watch more from Talk Asia 's interview with Edison Chen in these online exclusive clips . From how his family reacted to the scandal , to what he feels he learnt from the whole experience , Chen gives his thoughts and opinions to CNN 's Anjali Rao in Hong Kong .	Exclusive online only extra footage from Talk Asia 's Edison Chen interview Chen talks about how the scandal affected his family Gives his thoughts on what he thinks he has learnt from the experience Watch the full Talk Asia interview with Edison Chen
CNN  -- Davis Cup champions Serbia will be without world No. 3 Novak Djokovic as they begin the defense of their title in the men 's team competition against India this weekend . The Australian Open champion led Serbia to an historic victory over France in front of a home crowd in Belgrade in the 2010 final , but has chosen to focus on his preparations for the U.S. hard-court season rather than join his teammates for the March 4-6 first-round world group tie . However , the 23-year-old insisted that his teammates -- world No. 18 Viktor Troicki , 45th-ranked Janko Tipsarevic and double 's specialists Ilija Bozoljac and Nenad Zimonjic -- remain favorites to secure victory on indoor courts in Serbia 's second city Novi Sad . "  Unfortunately , this time I wo n't be part of the Davis Cup team . Together with my teammates and captain , I decided to rest this time but I am confident that they will win this tie and they have my full support , " Djokovic said in a statement on his official website . ' 100 percent ' fit Nadal returns to the fray in Davis Cup tie "  I feel physically well , fit , and mentally motivated to do even more coming up to tournaments in Indian Wells and Miami where I have n't done well in the last years . So I really want to work hard and get some good results in the US , " he added . The Indian team will be made up world No. 93 Somdev Devverman , Rohan Bopanna and doubles specialists Mahesh Bhupathi and Leander Paes -- fresh from their final appearance in Melbourne . In other top tier Davis Cup ties beginning on Friday , world No. 1 Rafael Nadal is set to make a return to action for the first time since the Australian Open when 2009 champions Spain travel to underdogs Belgium . World No. 8 Andy Roddick will also make his first appearance in the Davis Cup since 2009 to lead the United States team against Chile , while defending champions France travel to Austria to play in the tournament 's most unusual venue -- an airport hangar on the outskirts of Vienna . Elsewhere , at the WTA Malaysia Open , former world no. 1 Dinara Safina suffered another setback in her bid to get back to the top of the women 's game on Thursday as she lost a tight three setter to fifth-seed Lucie Safarova . The Russian , who has dropped to 113 in the world rankings , took the second set off the Czech world No. 35 before eventually losing 6-3 4-6 6-3 in the second round of the hard court tournament . Second seed and former Wimbledon finalist Marion Bartoil -- the highest ranked player left in the draw following the shock first round exit of world no. 6 Francesca Schiavone -- progressed to the third round with a 6-2 6-1 win over Ekaterina Ivanova . There was also a win for fourth seed Jarmila Groth of Australia who defeated Japan 's Miskai Doi 7-6 6-3 but third seed Alisa Kleybanova was knocked out by world No. 150 Michaella Krajicek 3-6 6-4 6-3 .	Novak Djokovic to miss Serbia 's opening Davis Cup tie to focus on U.S. hard-court season Defending champions face India at home in world group tie without world No. 3 Rafael Nadal returns to action in team competition this weekend after injury Former world No. 1 Dinara Safina loses in second round of Malaysia Open
CareerBuilder.com  -- Do you ever wonder who decided potato chips should come in such a loud , crinkly package ? And why a bag of chips ? Why not a box ? Or a can ? Someone had to decide . Luckily , you can take comfort in knowing that the "  bag of chips " decision was made by an expert . Packaging , the art of developing appropriate vehicles for consumer goods to arrive safely at our homes in , is actually a major at multiple colleges in the U.S. And packaging is n't even the strangest college degree out there . We rounded up some of the most unique and interesting degrees offered at colleges and universities around the country , and then went a step further to find out what , exactly , people do with these degrees when they graduate . Here , a look at some of the nation 's most interesting college programs , and the post-grad job possibilities . CareerBuilder.com : An entire career at one company 1 . Race track management The Race Track Industry Program at the University of Arizona is the only program of its kind , providing students with the background necessary for a number of career paths in the horse racing industry . Should students choose the "  animal path , " they will graduate prepared to work as a horse trainer or breeder . Those opting for the "  business path ` " will be suited to work on the management side of the industry . So how do students fare in the real world after graduating from such a unique program ? According to Douglas Reed , the program 's director , graduates do pretty well . "  We have a placement rate in excess of 80 percent immediately upon graduation and -LSB- students -RSB- receive jobs in all facets of the industry due to the nature of the two paths and the broad based knowledge they receive , " Reed says . "  Some students start at a racetrack in mid-level management or entry level jobs , others work with the horses either on farms or at the track for a trainer . Still others enter the business in related companies -LSB- like those -RSB- that process wagers or service the industry . " Interested in finding out more about what can be done with the degree ? A list of alum can be found on the program 's website . 2 . Packaging Students who enroll in one of the nation 's few undergraduate packaging programs do n't spend four years learning to think outside the box . They learn to think about the box . A degree in packaging teaches students how to create the most economically , aesthetically , environmentally and technically sound packages for the good we use on a daily basis . According to the University of Wisconsin-Stout , graduates of its packaging program go on to work for companies like Snap-on Tools , Frito-Lay , Kohler and FedEx . In a survey on 2009 graduates of the UWS program , in the months following graduation , 95 percent of packaging graduates were employed , 90 percent in a field related to their major . 3 . Viticulture and enology In laymen 's terms , Cornell University 's Viticulture and Enology Program is it 's school of Grapes and Wine . Though the school began offering coursework in the discipline in the early 1990s , Viticulture and Enology only recently became an official major at Cornell . According to Kari Richards , Cornell 's Viticulture and Enology Major Coordinator , there are currently about 35 students enrolled in the major and 20 enrolled in the minor . "  Of the approximately 20 graduates over the past five years , the majority are involved in the industry , " Richards says . "  Some have continued enology-related studies in graduate school , others travel worldwide to gain experience in harvest and crush , -LSB- and a -RSB- few will or have returned to the home winery/vineyard . " CareerBuilder.com : Get the most out of a fall-back job 4 . Puppetry The University of Connecticut is one of only two schools in the country to offer an undergraduate degree in puppetry arts , and the only school in the country offering a Master 's program . According to the program 's website , enrollment is limited to only 22 students , who take classes like "  Trends in Contemporary American Puppetry " and "  Marionette Construction . " According to the site , "  graduates of the program perform and design for theatres around the world ; appear in , build for and manage internationally recognized television programs and films ; write books ; design toys ; teach children ; and direct prominent schools and museums . " 5 . Decision making Indiana University 's Kelley School of Business offers a Doctorate degree in decision sciences , a program literally designed to help future business leaders analyze and make decisions . Though the name may make this degree sound like fluff , the course of study is quite rigorous . According to the program 's website , "  Decision Sciences is devoted to the study of quantitative methods used to aid decision making in business environments . Using mathematical models and analytical reasoning , students examine problems ... and learn how to solve these problems by using a number of mathematical techniques , including optimization methods  linear , integer , nonlinear  , computer simulation , decision analysis , artificial intelligence and more . " 6 . Turfgrass management Michigan State University is one of a handful of schools in the country that offers a turfgrass specialization . Under its College of Agriculture and Natural Resources , students in the MSU program learn to maintain golf-course greens , athletic fields and parks by taking classes like "  Golf turf irrigation , " "  Management of turfgrass weeds " and "  Plant genetics . " Graduates of the program have nabbed some pretty notable jobs , too . According to Jill Cords , a career consultant with the college , two alumni actually faced off at last year 's World Series . One alumnus was a groundskeeper for the Texas Rangers , and another was working for the San Francisco Giants . CareerBuilder.com : 7 things you should never say in an interview Kaitlin Madden is a writer and blogger for CareerBuilder.com . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2010 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	The Race Track Industry Program at the University of Arizona prepares students for a career in the horse racing industry Students can study wine at Cornell University Michigan State University offers a turfgrass specialization
CNN  Mike Rowe is coming to a river near you . "  Sometimes , you hear about a person who makes you feel good about humanity , but bad about yourself , " Rowe says . On Thursday 's episode of "  Somebody 's Got ta Do It , " Rowe meets up with Chad Pregracke , the founder of Living Lands & Waters , who does just that . Pregracke wants to clean up the nation 's rivers one piece of detritus at a time . His quota ? Always "  more . " Read Mike Rowe 's Facebook post on how to break our litter habit . Since he founded the nonprofit in 1998 at the ripe age of 23 , Pregracke and more than 87,000 volunteers have collected 8.4 million pounds of trash from U.S. waterways . Those efforts helped him earn the 2013 CNN Hero of the Year Award , along with numerous other honors . "  Wherever you are , no matter if there 's a stream , a creek , a lake , whatever , that needs to be cleaned up , you can do it . Just organize it and do it , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper after his win . Pregracke also gives Rowe a tour of the 150-foot , solar-powered barge that the Living Lands & Waters staff calls home during lengthy cleanups . The part-home , part-office , part-dumpster has seven bedrooms , two bathrooms , a classroom and a kitchen -- and just happens to be made from a recycled strip club . According to the organization 's latest annual report , Pregracke has made it his mission in 2015 to remove 500,000 more pounds of trash . If you 'd like to help achieve this goal , visit his website to learn how to help : LivingLandsAndWaters.org / Get-Involved /	Chad Pregracke was the 2013 CNN Hero of the Year Mike Rowe visited Pregracke for an episode of "  Somebody 's Got ta Do It "
CNN  -- A wildfire that destroyed at least 36 homes and one business in Southern California in May was set intentionally , the San Diego County Sheriff 's Department announced Wednesday . A minor whose name has not been released has been identified as the person accused of setting what authorities have coined the Cocos Fire . Three people were injured in the blaze , according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection . The Cocos Fire scorched almost 2,000 acres of land before a crew of more than 500 firefighters was able to contain it eight days after it started . The fire was one of dozens that erupted in the region as California battled severe drought conditions and temperatures reached record highs . Investigators have not linked the suspect in the Cocos Fire to any of the other fires , according to the Sheriff 's Department . The case has been forwarded to the district attorney 's office . In all , 176,000 evacuation notices were sent out throughout San Diego County in response to the wave of wildfires . Fire season in Southern California typically starts late in the summer and extends into fall . But San Diego County Supervisor Dianne Jacob said in May that the area now contends with a "  year-round fire risk . " ` Mother Nature was not on our side ' Super choppers confront California 's weird wildfire season Wildfire burns in California 's Napa wine area CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report	Investigators in San Diego County say destructive Cocos Fire was intentionally set An unidentified minor has been accused in the case Officials say 36 homes along with a business were destroyed in the fire The Cocos Fire was one of a wave of fires there in May
CNN  -- Silas Redd , who last year racked up five consecutive 100-yard games as tailback for Penn State 's Nittany Lions , is leaving the troubled team to head west . "  We welcome Silas Redd to the Trojan Family , " said the University of Southern California 's athletic director , Pat Haden , in a statement on Tuesday . "  He is an outstanding student and athlete . " The 5-foot , 10-inch , 200-pound junior from Norwalk , Connecticut , gained 1,241 rushing yards in his sophomore season , the 10th-highest total in Penn State history . His departure could heighten a fear of attrition that was already hanging over Penn State 's football program in the wake of a child sex abuse scandal and as the NCAA has limited the number of scholarships it can offer while allowing current players to transfer . Sandusky voice mails released ; abuse victim to sue The Harrisburg Patriot News had reported that Redd was only one of a handful of players who were planning to leave . His transfer was announced on the same day that Penn State 's football team returned for a preseason workout as it heads into its first season in decades without head coach Joe Paterno , who died in January during the sex abuse scandal . Fans , many dressed in the school 's royal blue and white and holding signs of support , greeted athletes arriving for the 7 a.m. workout with chants of "  For the team ! " and "  PSU ! " Do sanctions alter history books on legacy ? "  It 's a crucial time for Penn State Football , " a university sports radio broadcast called "  The Goon Show " posted days before on its website in its call to Tuesday 's rally . "  It 's up to you to show the players why they should stay at PSU . " The fans , who belted out support for Bill O'Brien , Penn State 's new head football coach , numbered in the hundreds , CNN affiliate broadcaster WGAL said . Such morale boosters could prove key to the team , which saw NCAA sanctions wipe out more than a decade 's worth of wins after the scandal involving former defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky , who was convicted on 45 counts of child sex abuse against 10 boys . iReport : Penn State team returns to cheers Vestiges of Paterno , including his bronze statute in front of Beaver Stadium , vanished amid the scandal . The NCAA slapped the school with a four-year postseason ban and imposed a $ 60 million sanction after investigators blamed top university leaders , including Paterno , for showing "  total and consistent disregard " for victims while a sexual predator lurked on campus . Paterno 's official record dropped from 409 wins to 298 , while the NCAA also struck down six bowl wins and two conference championships . "  We 're not giving up on them , " said Don Smith , a longtime fan . "  What happened was unfortunate , but we 're going to come back . Penn State is going to come back stronger than ever . " Penn State 's training camp officially kicks off on August 6 . So does USC 's . ` Stark wake-up call ' Five experts : What happens to Penn State football ? CNN 's Jill Martin and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	NEW : Silas Redd is leaving Penn State 's Nittany Lions NEW : The star tailback racked up five consecutive 100-yard games last year Fans gathered before sunrise Tuesday to chant in support of the Penn State team The NCAA hit the school with sanctions including a loss of football scholarships
Las Vegas , Nevada  CNN  -- President Obama made a couple of stupid little jokes about Vegas . He uses our Las Vegas as a symbol . Everyone knows what Vegas means . Doc Pomus wrote "  Viva Las Vegas " for Elvis years before Doc ever visited Sin City and got everything right . Vegas means ... wild , irresponsible , what-happens-here-stays-here . Smoke cigars , have sex with strangers , get wasted and see stupid shows with stupid Elvis impersonators doing stupid impressions of that stupid hillbilly . That 's an image we know and love in Vegas . It 's the image we spend our stupidly low tax money to promote . "  What Happens in Vegas , Stays in Vegas " was an official slogan . It 's the Vegas image Katy Perry has in her video , "  Waking Up in Vegas , " and Penn & Teller do a cameo in that video . We all promote that image . In Vegas , our service industry services that nutty image . We make money off people thinking Vegas is a place to get stupid and waste money . I know a joke when it bites me in the ass . And I 've done plenty of jokes biting other people 's asses . It 's my job . It seemed like Obama was off-prompter for his Vegas bashing . His attacks were n't like Ford trashing New York City  I lived in NYC when Ford was doing all the Big Apple trashing - maybe it 's ME the presidents hate  . Gerald Ford and Jesse Jackson meant it about NYC . I know Obama does n't really hate Vegas . I bet he 'd have a blast here , if he were still welcome . Obama 's good-natured symbolic joke was an applause line . People knew what he meant and agreed . Yeah , do n't waste money on Vegas , send the children to college ! The last time Obama made a negative comment about Vegas , some jumpy , patriotic , image-conscious corporations canceled some trips here . That 's what we figure here in Vegas . There 's no way to really know if many people really canceled . Do people really go to the president for travel advice ? But in Vegas , most of us make our money from tourism or serving others who make their money from tourism . Tourism is what we really , really do in the Silver State . It 's not like Obama is giving the Mojave subsidies for not growing soybeans . It 's too easy to not grow soybeans in the stinking desert ; we do it for free . Not farming is one of our Vegan gifts to the rest of the country . We do n't know how much , but when the president of the United States of America makes his jokes about Vegas -- he costs real people real money . Obama knows that no one cares if Penn Jillette has less money . Obama is pretty happy to say that the rich  and , man , am I rich . I do n't have even 10 percent of the money Obama has , but I 'm rich by my hometown standards  should have more money taken from them . Who cares about a magician losing money ? Not even me . I 'll be fine . My children will go to college if they want . But , when people cancel trips to Vegas , I 'm not the one who gets laid off . A few less people go to the Penn & Teller Theater , and we still do fine , but the hotels lay off other people . It 's the people downstream of me who get punished for the president 's joke . We all know what Obama thinks is so laughable about Vegas . We know why we 're a symbol of wasteful stupidity . We 're a city built on gambling . It 's gambling no matter how much PR calls it "  gaming . " Things have changed over the past 10 years . The shows and the restaurants are no longer loss leaders , we make real money on things other than gaming . There 's a wonderful , normal suburban community here , but the symbol is still gambling . We have gambling with money , but we also symbolize all sorts of other real-life gambling . After your fiance dumps you , maybe you 'll fly to Vegas with the boys and someone who happens in Vegas will stay with you the rest of your life . Maybe you 'll really get lucky . Teller and I moved to Vegas to do our own show in our own theater . We took a big chance . Vegas also stands for stupid gambling like that . Vegas is gambling in the broad sense , the idea that taking a wild chance on an unknown might turn out to be a good thing . What 's the main thing that drives stupid gambling ? Hope . I 'm not sure how I feel about hope . I do n't gamble in the casinos . That kind of regimented hope seems less fun to me . I 'm a skeptic . I 'm pro-science . I like to say I do n't believe in hope , but I had the hope to move to Vegas to do a magic show . And I do hope that Vegas pulls through this bad economic time and people come and visit us and we do our stupid shows for all the stupid , hopeful people . Obama , please remember , it was those stupid , very hopeful people who took the over on a stupid point spread on Obama with a stupid hope to help our country , which includes stupid Vegas . The gamble Obama took with his run for president and the gamble that the American people took on him sure were n't taken at good odds . It was n't putting everything we had on red in roulette , or "  do n't pass " in craps , or carefully counting cards in blackjack . Obama 's presidency is more than all of us putting our whole future on 00 in roulette . It was more like putting everything we had on one slot pull at the stupid Elvis impersonator slot machine in the stupid Elvis casino for the stupid hillbillies who are filled with hope . Maybe the Vegas jokes in the Beltway should stay in the Beltway . Shortly after Obama 's comments , he sent a letter to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada , saying , "  I was n't saying anything negative about Las Vegas ... there is no place better to have fun than Vegas , one of our country 's great destinations . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Penn Jillette .	President Obama said you do n't "  blow cash " on Vegas when you 're saving for college Penn Jillette says comment wo n't go over well in town built on tourism He says people who gamble on Vegas also gambled on Obama
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- One of five members of the Electoral Complaints Commission in Afghanistan has resigned amid the group 's probe of allegations of voting fraud during the presidential election . An Afghan woman casts her ballot at a polling station in Kabul on August 20 . Mustafa Barakzai , a Supreme Court judge , was one of two Afghan members of the commission . His departure on Monday comes as the commission nears completion in the investigation of allegations of fraud in the August 20 elections . Local news reports have quoted Barakzai as saying that the commission is unduly influenced by foreigners and that it has not included him in the decision-making process . The head of the commission , Grant Kippen , disputed both assertions . "  He was involved in our major decisions , " Kippen told CNN . "  We are only a five-member team . Every member is integral to our work . " Kippen is one of three non-Afghans on the Electoral Complaints Commission appointed by the Special Representative of the Secretary-General of the United Nations . Kippen said the "  vast majority of our decisions were consensus decisions . " The commission said in a statement that it is "  disappointed at the resignation of an important member " at a crucial time in the process . "  The  commission  remains dedicated to the elections process and will continue to work openly and honestly in the implementation of its mandate under the Afghan Electoral Law , " the statement said . "  This will not distract the  commission  from continuing to focus on the task at hand . " Complaints of irregularities have dogged the presidential elections . The top United Nations official in Afghanistan , Kai Eide , admitted Sunday that the vote was marred by "  widespread fraud . " Eide 's recently fired deputy Peter Galbraith told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Monday that Eide earlier refused to share details of voting irregularities with Afghan election officials . Galbraith also said his former boss could have prevented some fraud by closing unsecured polling stations . Eide on Sunday denied the allegations of withholding information and defended his decisions to open as many polling stations as possible , despite security concerns . With findings of the fraud complaints investigation upcoming , Galbraith said he anticipates the commission will determine that Afghan President Hamid Karzai will not have enough votes to avoid a runoff . "  I think there 's a very strong likelihood that the election complaints commission will find that he 's below 50 percent , and then the question is whether Karzai will accept that decision and whether the Independent Election Commission , which is not independent but a pro-Karzai body , will accept that decision , " Galbraith said . Watch Galbraith 's reaction to Eide 's acknowledgement of election fraud " "  If they do n't , then the political crisis in Afghanistan , which has already done such damage to the overall effort there , will get much worse . " The Independent Election Commission is expected to soon finish an audit and recount of suspicious ballots ; the results could be announced this week . The independent commission is a "  constitutional body " that conducts "  free and fair elections " in an "  impartial way " according to its Web site . Galbraith has also accused Barakzai of favoring incumbent Karzai , even though the Electoral Complaints Commission says that it is also an independent body . Election tallies have yet to be certified because of the allegations . Last month , final uncertified results showed Karzai with 54 percent of the vote . CNN 's Tom Evans contributed to this report .	Commission says it is "  disappointed at the resignation of an important member " Commission head says Barakzai "  was involved in our major decisions " Barakzai reported as saying commission is unduly influenced by foreigners Top U.N. official in Afghanistan admits on Sunday vote was marred by fraud
CNN  -- Valentino Rossi revealed he is still fighting pain ahead of the U.S. Grand Prix , as MotoGP championship leader Jorge Lorenzo set the pace in qualifying at Laguna Seca . World champion Rossi will start on the second row of the grid on Sunday after finishing sixth fastest , in what will be just his second race back after breaking his leg in early June . Lorenzo , who has a 47-point advantage over Dani Pedrosa in the overall standings , claimed his fifth consecutive pole position -- and the 40th of his career -- as he edged out 2007 world champion Casey Stoner with his penultimate lap of one minute 20.978 seconds . The Fiat Yamaha rider was the only one to break the 1:21 mark , with Ducati 's Stoner clocking 1:21.169 . Andrea Dovizioso headed off Repsol Honda teammate Pedrosa to take third place , while American Ben Spies was fifth in 1:21.679 . Nine-time world champion Rossi clocked 1:21.688 to edge out another U.S. rider , the 2006 overall winner Nicky Hayden . The Italian revealed that he was troubled more by his shoulder problem than his leg . "  I think it 's going to be very difficult tomorrow because this track is a lot harder for me than Sachsenring -LSB- in Germany -RSB- , but I hope I can have a good race , " he told the MotoGP website on Saturday . "  There are a few corners where we know we can be a bit faster , so tomorrow morning we will try to make some small changes to the setting to allow that , then I need to get a good start . "  My leg feels better than yesterday , which is good . The problem today is the shoulder because my left one is n't strong enough to compensate completely for the lack of power in my right one , and now I have some pain in both ! "  My hope for tomorrow is to be able to finish the race without too much pain and to do the best we can in the circumstances . We did n't go too badly today but we need to improve our setting a little bit to get closer to the leaders . "  Lorenzo and Stoner are very fast but after that there are a few riders quite close together , including me , so it 's not too bad . " Dovizioso is third overall on 102 points , 36 behind Pedrosa , with Stoner fourth on 83 ahead of Hayden  78  and Rossi  74  with 10 races to go .	World champion Valentino Rossi qualifies sixth for Sunday 's U.S. Grand Prix Italian struggling with shoulder problem in second race back after breaking his leg MotoGP leader Jorge Lorenzo claims fifth consecutive pole position this season Spaniard edges out 2007 world champion Casey Stoner with fast penultimate lap
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Senate voted Thursday to kill a controversial proposal pushed by Republicans that would have allowed employers to opt out of providing health care coverage they disagree with on moral grounds . By a 51-48 mostly party line vote , the motion by Democrats to table the amendment succeeded , effectively killing it . Three Democrats joined Republicans in opposing the tabling motion , while one Republican -- retiring moderate Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine -- voted with Democrats in favor . The so-called "  conscience " amendment , sponsored by Sen. Roy Blunt of Missouri , was the Senate Republicans ' response to the simmering controversy over a recent Obama administration decision to mandate the kind of health care coverage provided by religious employers . "  This bill would just simply say that those health care providers do n't have to follow that mandate if it violates their faith principles , " stated an early February press release from Blunt . "  This is about the First Amendment . It 's about religious beliefs . It 's not about any one issue . " The specific potential impact of the amendment was a matter of debate . On his website , Blunt rejected complaints that it would have allowed anyone to deny coverage of anything for any reason . However , Senate Democrats insisted it would provide too much latitude for employers to impose their personal beliefs on the healthcare issues of their workers . "  It would simply give every boss in America the right to make health care decisions for their workers and their families , " argued Sen. Patty Murray , D-Washington . She and other Democrats said that under the amendment , employers could have cited moral objections to cutting off coverage of immunizations , prenatal care for children of unmarried parents and other standard procedures . The American Civil Liberties Union applauded the Senate vote . "  The Blunt Amendment and its supporters are out of touch with reality , " said Sarah Lipton-Lubet , the ACLU policy counsel . "  Overwhelmingly , women from every religious background use contraception to protect their health and plan their families and lives . The Senate did the right thing by American women today . " While Blunt 's amendment took a broad approach , the main issue involved whether religious employers should have to include coverage for contraception in health plans offered to employees at affiliated institutions , such as hospitals . Earlier this month , Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius issued a directive that would have required all employers , including religious organizations , to include such coverage in health insurance offered to their employees . While churches were exempt , the mandate covered religious affiliated institutions . Representatives from many faiths opposed the decision , calling it a violation of their religious conscience . In response to the uproar , the White House backed off the directive and instead said that religious employers could opt out of offering coverage for birth control , but insurance companies would have to offer such coverage separately and at no charge . Some critics say the White House 's changed position does not go far enough . Blunt 's amendment stated the president 's health care law , the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , imposes requirements that infringe on the rights and conscience of insurers and plan sponsors . While the law exempts some religious groups , it does not allow all those with religious or moral objections to decline providing coverage , the amendment says . Part of the uproar surrounded universities and hospitals affiliated with religions , which were not given the same exemptions as churches and other religious institutions . The Blunt amendment would have established that an entity refusing coverage on religious or moral grounds is not in violation of the law . It did not mention contraception specifically and included health insurance companies . To get a vote on the Blunt amendment , it was tacked onto a $ 109 billion transportation bill , raising complaints from Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , that the proposal was not germane to the legislation . Because of the dispute , action stalled on the transportation bill , which is backed by both parties . Reid said Tuesday that Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , insisted on a floor vote on the Blunt amendment "  before we can move ahead with this jobs bill . " "  Once we have put this extreme and distracting proposal behind us , I hope my Republican colleagues will stop living in the past and join us this year , 2012 , and help us create jobs , " Reid said . Blunt welcomed the vote by tweeting , "  Glad Sen. Reid is going to allow a vote on my bipartisan admt to protect religious freedom this Thursday . #HHSMandate . " Voting on the amendment forced senators to take a stand on the controversial contraception decision . Though many Republicans have come out in support of the measure , Snowe told MSNBC the amendment is "  much broader than I could support . " Not all Democrats were united against the amendment , however . Sen. Joe Manchin , D-West Virginia , issued a statement Wednesday saying he would support it . "  I am voting in favor of this measure to protect the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States of America , " Manchin said in a statement . A CNN/ORC International poll earlier this month showed a partisan divide on the issue , with 70 % of Democrats agreeing with the Obama administration policy while 85 % of Republicans opposed it . Independents were statistically split . CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	The ACLU hails the Senate vote The measure would have allowed employers to opt out of some health care coverage Sen. Roy Blunt defends his amendment as defending religious freedom Opponents say it gives employers too much power to deny coverage for workers
CNN  -- Did you hear that ? It 's a door busting open in Washington , unblocking a huge backlog of airline issues that will directly affect America 's millions of air travelers . For the first time since 2007 , after 23 extensions , Congress has finally passed a long-term funding bill for the FAA . It costs $ 63 billion and will last through 2015 . President Obama is expected to sign it into law . For the millions who fly commercial airlines yearly in the United States , here are five reasons why you should care : 1 . Airline tarmac delay rules to be the law of the land Many of the tarmac delay rules for commercial airlines -- like reporting flight delays and cancellations and providing passengers with adequate food , water and ventilation in planes stuck on the tarmac -- will be more than just rules . They 'll be the law of the land , backed with the full enforcement and authority of the federal government . Somehow , not included in the legislation is the three-hour limit on the amount of time planes can remain on the tarmac before they must return to the gate . It 's still a regulation . "  There 's a concern it might lead to more flight cancellations or delays , so it may need more study before it becomes law , " said Charlie Leocha of the nonprofit Consumer Travel Alliance . Consumer advocate group FlyersRights.org blames the exclusion on politics . "  House Republicans , in the end , sided with their friends the airlines by forcing removal of the -LSB- three-hour tarmac delay limit -RSB- in the newly codified law for airline passengers , with total disregard for what 's best for the flying public , " wrote executive director Kate Hanni in an email to CNN . 2 . Investigation into cell phone use on planes Is there really a good reason why we ca n't use our phones on planes ? The arguments have long raged on both sides . The new law requires a government study within 120 days to look into the issues surrounding aircraft cell phone use . Speaking of studies : Would airlines lose or damage fewer bags if they had to pay for them ? The law orders a study , due in 180 days , to find out . 3 . Better information about child safety seats , insecticides Traveling with small children and their safety seats may be a little easier . The new law requires airlines to post on their websites the maximum dimensions of child safety seats that can be used aboard their aircraft . Also , the Department of Transportation must post online a list of countries that force airlines to spray cabins with insecticide . 4 . Better access to the halls of power Airline travelers who feel powerless against the system may like the DOT advisory board created under the new law . The Advisory Committee for Aviation Consumer Protection will include appointed officials from airports , airlines , the government and a member specifically to represent consumers . Also , the law creates a DOT phone line and website for consumers to lodge complaints . 5 . High tech air traffic control systems The legislation clears the way for the FAA 's highly anticipated satellite-based air traffic control system , which promises to make air travel more efficient , less air-polluting and less time-consuming . That system , part of a massive air-traffic overhaul called NextGen , is expected to be put into place about 2020 . Other stuff : -- Federal subsidies for rural airports The bill trims the embattled $ 200 million Essential Air Service airport subsidies program , which opponents say is a waste of money . Small rural airports that handle fewer than 10 daily passengers and are less than 175 miles from a major hub airport will no longer qualify for federal operating subsidies . Alaska and Hawaii are exempt from the cuts . -- Smoking Fourteen years after smoking was banned on domestic flights for U.S. commercial airlines , the law shuts the door on the last bastion for mile-high smokers . Lighting up will no longer be allowed aboard any charter aircraft or other for-profit flights , foreign or domestic , says Leocha . -- Special exemptions for military The law includes a message to the airlines called a Sense of Congress that nudges industry leaders to consider offering special travel exemptions for military members . Congress is hinting that airlines should cut troops a break on airline rules surrounding luggage and traveling family members . Overall , says Leocha , the new FAA law could end up saving taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars -- perhaps billions -- "  if only for the ability to plan ahead and coordinate projects in the future . "	New FAA bill , expected to become law , offers consumer protections and information Tarmac delay rules now become law , but three-hour delay regulation is not included $ 63 billion bill creates aviation consumer protection committee Studies will look at cell phone use aboard aircraft and compensation for lost bags
CNN  -- At least six people , including a child , were killed in back-to-back explosions Tuesday at a busy market in Karachi , Pakistan , government officials said . The homemade bombs were planted inside a garbage container and attached to a bicycle at Karachi 's Haidari Market , said government official Roshan Ali Sheikh and Iqbal Kazmi , a spokesman for the city 's emergency rescue crews . At least a dozen people were injured in the explosions . Several nearby cars and shops were damaged . Officials say there is no indication that the blasts were connected to recent protests against the U.S.-made anti-Islam film that has drawn condemnation around the world . Haidari Market is about a 40-minute drive from the U.S. Consulate in Karachi . Karachi has long been the scene of deadly turf wars fueled by ethnic and political rivalries . Police are working to find out who carried out the attack . No one has taken responsibility . Journalist Aamir Iqbal contributed to this report .	Child is among victims at Haidari Market bombings Bombs were placed in garbage container , attached to bicycle No indication that explosions were connected to recent U.S. protests , officials say
Editor 's note : In 1994 , the American Psychiatric Association published the fourth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , or DSM-IV . The DSM is the standard classification of mental disorders used by mental health professionals in the United States . For the several years doctors around the country have been working to update the manual . The DSM-5 is expected to be published in May 2013 , and the proposed changes to the definition of autism have caused some controversy . Dr. Bryan H. King is one of the doctors working on revising that chapter . My e-mail invitation to be a part of the DSM-5 revision process came on January 4 , 2007 . At the time , I was told that the work would be completed in 2011 and that participation would not be too burdensome . The process could be accomplished primarily through e-mails and conference calls , with in-person meetings held sparingly . It 's interesting to reflect on the fact that when the ink was drying on the last version of the DSM in 1994 , e-mail and the Internet as we know it were still evolving . In the nearly two decades since DSM-IV -- such Roman numerals suggest a chiseling in stone , do n't they ? -- there have been significant advances in technology and medicine , significant advances in our understanding of neuroscience and even changes in the significance of the DSM itself . There are good reasons to change the DSM and perhaps some good reasons to leave it alone . The manual has evolved over time from a relatively small guide for the collection of diagnostic prevalence data to the standard text for every course on psychiatric illness throughout the world . It has also become the dominant coding guide for insurance companies , schools and other agencies responsible for covering or creating special provisions for individuals with developmental or mental disorders . Whether someone receives the death penalty or a lesser sentence can rise or fall on whether he met criteria for a disorder as defined in the DSM . Every psychiatrist has an opinion about the DSM , and it typically includes both love and hate . In child psychiatry in particular , it is often said that children must not have read the DSM , because their symptoms so rarely seem to fit neatly into one of the diagnoses , often straddling several . Our advances in knowledge over the years clearly support efforts to improve the process , but we need to be particularly careful that we do no harm . Now five years in to this "  nonburdensome " process , our work group has spent nearly 2,500 person-hours in meetings and another 3,500 hours on teleconferences discussing refinements to the diagnostic criteria for autism and other neurodevelopmental disorders . And ours is just one of the smaller chapters in this manual . Work groups focused on mood disorders , personality disorders , anxiety disorders and so on are equally invested in this process . As a group of clinician scientists who have devoted our professional lives to the problem of autism and related disorders , we 've been given an extraordinary opportunity to update and improve how autism spectrum disorder , or ASD , is diagnosed . Every decision has been considered from multiple perspectives to determine the potential impact on individuals with the disorder . We 've even taken the step of posting iterations of the possible changes online for professional and public comment . The goal here is not to settle or vote on what is most popular , but to be sure to leverage the collective experience and wisdom of professionals , patients and everyone in between to minimize unanticipated consequences from potential change -- to ensure that we do no harm . We are also directly testing , in trials , how the new criteria will perform . We are specifically looking at whether or not people who currently have appropriate ASD diagnoses might be affected by this change . Our preliminary look at the field trial data suggests that the lines around the autism spectrum disorders will not be significantly redrawn with DSM-5 . As we get closer to finalizing this revision of the DSM , there is understandable concern about whether some individuals will "  lose " their diagnoses . There is no question that some diagnoses will change . For example , Asperger 's disorder will become autism spectrum disorder . But the goal here is finding the best way to capture the symptoms and problems that an individual has , to map those symptoms onto disorders that are valid , and which then inform prognosis and treatment and further study . We have a ways to go before the love-hate relationship we clinicians have with the DSM changes much . I am certain that children will continue to challenge our diagnostic constructs with their complexity , and I know that we will want to resist chiseling DSM-5 criteria into stone . But I also believe that by refining the diagnostic criteria to reflect current science , we 're that much closer to getting it right . Perhaps that will make the next revision less burdensome . In any case , when the invitation comes for working on the next DSM , it would be wise -- as for any significant remodeling project -- to double the estimate for time to completion . Dr. Bryan H. King is the director at the Seattle Children 's Autism Center and director of child and adolescent psychiatry at the University of Washington and Seattle Children 's Hospital . On The Autism Blog , King and other medical experts at the Seattle Children 's Autism Center share information and perspectives for those raising a child with autism .	Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders  DSM  helps decide coverage benefits for developmental disorders Doctors are updating it but there 's concern that some people will "  lose " their diagnoses Expert : There are good reasons to change the DSM as well as good ones to leave it alone Early data suggests that the lines around autism spectrum disorders wo n't be significantly redrawn , says expert
CNN  -- It was a heroic moment caught on tape . A police officer in Cape May , New Jersey , ran up to a burning pickup truck and pulled out its unconscious driver , then ran back toward the blaze to search for other possible passengers . "  A million things were going through my head . I was n't sure if anyone was in the vehicle . If someone was , I just wanted to get them out , " patrolman Scott Krissinger told CNN 's "  New Day " Thursday . The incident , captured on a police dash cam , happened Monday evening in West Cape May . Police received a call about a car burning on the roadway , with a person possibly inside . Krissinger was the first to arrive at the scene . He ran to the driver 's side of the burning Chevy Colorado truck . "  When I opened the door I did n't know what to expect , " he said . "  I could n't really see anything . I just reached my hand in and felt him and pulled him out . " The video shows the officer dragging the driver away from the truck before running back to the burning vehicle and opening the passenger side door . He wanted to make sure that no one else was inside , he said . There was fear in the back of his mind , and adrenaline , too . Krissinger ca n't remember how hard it was to pull the man out . The driver , 61-year-old Gerald K. Ferrill , is hospitalized in critical but stable condition , police said . Krissinger is being called a hero for saving the driver from certain death inside the vehicle , but he rejects the label . "  I think any police officer would have done the same thing , " he said . A witness told police that prior to the fire , the truck was driving with a flat tire and loud sounds were coming from the engine . The cause of the fire is under investigation , police said . As for Krissinger , he said he hopes for a speedy recovery for Ferrill , and hopes to meet him someday .	A pickup truck caught fire on the roadway in Cape May Police officer Scott Krissinger ran to the burning vehicle and rescued the driver He then went back to look for anyone else He 's being called a hero
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A man wounded Friday when a gunman opened fire at passing vehicles along a downtown street in Hollywood has died , a spokeswoman at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles said Monday . John Atterberry died shortly before 5 p.m. Monday , according to Simi Singer , the hospital spokeswoman . The music-industry executive was shot in the jaw at Sunset Boulevard and Vine Street . The gunman , 26-year-old Tyler Brehm , went on the rampage that ended with his being fatally shot by police , Los Angeles police spokeswoman Sgt. Mitzi Fierro has said . An amateur video captured the scene of Brehm walking down Sunset Boulevard wielding a handgun and firing at vehicles , seemingly at random . Brehm fired a "  significant number " of rounds , police said . He then returned to an intersection , where he was confronted by a plainclothes police detective and an off-duty police officer working on a nearby movie set , officials said . "  At that point the police ordered him to drop his weapon and he pointed his gun at the police and an officer-involved shooting occurred , " Fierro said . Brehm died later at a nearby hospital , according to a police statement . Christopher Johns recorded much of the incident from his apartment window and can be heard shouting at Brehm throughout . "  Why do n't you come up here ? " he yelled , later telling CNN that he intended to distract the gunman . At one point , Brehm spoke with Johns , asking him for ammunition and to call an ambulance . Fierro said it appeared Johns could interact with the suspect without jeopardizing his safety . "  It appears from the video that he was able to distract the suspect and keep him from shooting at additional people before the police arrived , " she said . Police have not indicated that they know Brehm 's motive . Two others suffered minor injuries . Witnesses were stunned by the shooting spree . Amy Torgeson told CNN affiliate KABC that vehicles began "  swerving and braking , " and she sought cover at a nearby bank . "  A car drove by and he just shot right into the car , " Torgeson said . "  He was just shooting everywhere . " CNN 's Regina Graham contributed to this report .	John Atterberry died around 5 p.m. Monday , a Cedars-Sinai spokeswoman says He was among three wounded during a shooting spree Friday in Hollywood Tyler Brehm , 26 , went on the Sunset Boulevard rampage before being fatally shot
CNN  -- A man serving 74 life sentences for kidnapping two Missouri boys and holding one of them for more than four years was assaulted by another inmate , officials said Wednesday . Michael Devlin , 45 , received superficial puncture wounds from a homemade weapon , said Chris Cline , spokesman for the Missouri Department of Corrections . Cline said he could not identify the other inmate , a motive or other matters related to an investigation of the April 9 incident . Devlin is being held in "  administrative segregation " from other inmates at Crossroads Correctional Center in Cameron , Cline told CNN . He was taken to a hospital and was returned to the maximum-security prison , Cline said . The parents of one boy , whom Devlin is accused of abducting in 2002 , told Oprah Winfrey in a show that aired in 2007 that they suspected their son was sexually assaulted by Devlin . Prosecutors alleged that Devlin produced Polaroid photographs and videos of the youth , then 11 , and took him to Illinois and Arizona . The two boys were discovered in January 2007 . The second victim , 13 at the time , was abducted a few days before Devlin 's arrest . Devlin , a former pizzeria manager , has two reported conduct violations since his 2007 incarceration , according to Cline , who would not describe them . The inmate 's 79 convictions include attempted murder , forcible sodomy , attempted forcible sodomy , armed criminal actions and kidnapping . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Officials : Michael Devlin , serving life sentences , attacked with homemade weapon He was convicted of kidnapping , assaulting two boys , who were discovered in 2007 Prison officials have n't released name of inmate they say stabbed Devlin
CNN  -- Actor John Boyega has four words for anyone who 's upset he 's playing what appears to be a black Stormtrooper in the latest "  Star Wars " film : "  Get used to it . " The 22-year-old British actor posted the message on Instagram yesterday after his appearance in the new trailer for "  Star Wars : The Force Awakens " aroused feverish discussion on social media . On YouTube , some questioned whether a black Stormtrooper made sense , while others reacted with racist remarks . READ MORE : Who is John Boyega ? Supporters responded on Twitter with the hashtag #BlackStormtrooper . "  They 'll accept an alien-filled galaxy powered by ` force ' but they 're not having a black man in uniform ? " tweeted writer Iain Macintosh . "  Love how there 's "  controversy " over a #BlackStormtrooper . Even in a galaxy far far away black people exist and can be dynamic characters too , " tweeted Joseph Oteng . " #BlackStormTrooper better not die first , or I am going to be pissed , " quipped USC professor Robert Hernandez . Race in the ` Star Wars ' universe Despite the diversity of human and nonhuman characters mingling together in the fictional Star Wars universe , there have been just a handful of prominent black characters . Samuel L. Jackson played Jedi Master Mace Windu in three films , while Billy Dee Williams played Cloud City administrator turned Rebel General Lando Calrissian in two films . James Earl Jones also provided the legendary voice for Darth Vader , but the actor under the mask was white . In the "  Star Wars " series Stormtroopers were originally clones of Jango Fett , an ethnic "  Mandalorian " played by New Zealand-born actor Temuera Derek Morrison , of partial Maori descent . Later in the storyline , when Boyega 's "  black Stormtrooper " character would 've lived , Stormtroopers were recruited from general populations -- making a Stormtrooper of any race certainly feasible . As fans continue to dissect the trailer , many have also pointed out Boyega may not even be a Stormtrooper -- he could be a rebel in a Stormtrooper uniform , like Han Solo and Luke Skywalker in "  Star Wars Episode IV : A New Hope . " Fans will have to wait a bit longer to find out more about Boyega 's character . READ MORE : The Force is with the new ` Star Wars ' trailer The movie , the seventh in the Star Wars film series , is scheduled for release on December 18 , 2015 . Boyega 's message also contained a note of gratitude to his fans . "  Is n't it crazy that Star Wars is actually happening ? I 'm in the movie but as a Star Wars fan I am very excited . "  A year is long time to wait but it will be worth the wait . "	Actor John Boyega responds to racism over his "  Star War " role Supporters respond on Twitter with #BlackStormTrooper There have only been a few black characters in Star Wars film history
CNN  -- Mark Collier grew up in the mountains of Vermont . Every autumn , he would see an influx of tourists flood his state to get a glimpse of the brilliant fall leaves . He did n't get what the big deal was . "  Why do people come to look at the trees ? " he wondered . But as he got older , he developed an interest in photography . And that made him stop taking the vibrant autumn color for granted . Great leaf-peeping experiences "  I suddenly began to notice the stunning colors that seemed to blanket the hills in fire each fall as the days got shorter and the nights became colder , " he remembers . "  Slowly but surely , as I gained experience and insight , I began to really understand what a special place Vermont is , and I began to fall in love with my home and the stunning colors . " Collier is now a staff photographer for the Barre-Montpelier Times Argus . This year , he decided for the first time to document the fall beauty of his state . He shared his images alongside dozens of other photographers on CNN iReport . The best of his shots , along with other images of autumn around the world , are in the gallery above . Hit the trail : 7 gorgeous hikes	iReporters share great shots of fall foliage Mark Collier of Vermont was late to appreciating his state 's splendid display Share your travel photos with CNN iReport
Washington  CNN  -- Supporters of an Iranian opposition group claimed Thursday they have information about another secret facility tied to the Iranian government 's nuclear program . According to Alireza Jafarzadeh , an Iranian-American with ties to the People 's Mujahedeen of Iran , the facility is at a site referred to as TABA , just west of Tehran , and is designed to manufacture parts for centrifuges used to enrich uranium , a key component for civilian nuclear power as well as for nuclear weapons . A U.S. official who is not authorized to speak on the record said the United States is aware of the facility . Jafarzadeh told reporters at a news conference that over the past four and a half years the plant has produced enough parts to make more than 100,000 centrifuges , well beyond the needs for the nuclear facilities declared by the Iranian government to international monitors . He also maintained the site is under the control and supervision of the Iranian Defense Ministry . The International Atomic Energy Agency , which monitors nuclear activities on behalf of the United Nations , has inspected Iran 's declared enrichment facilities , but Iran does not provide details or access to sites where nuclear components are made . Soona Samsami , another supporter of the People 's Mujahedeen of Iran , said the TABA site comprises three main warehouses over an area of nearly 48,000 square meters , or nearly 12 acres . She said the essential parts manufactured there include casings , magnets , molecular pumps , composite tubes , bellows and centrifuge bases . Although satellite photos were shown of the site , no direct evidence was provided other than to say the information was from members of the People 's Mujahedeen organization inside Iran . The same group was the first to provide the details that publicly exposed the existence of Iran 's clandestine nuclear program in 2002 . Iran claims its nuclear program is for civilian energy needs , but the United States and other nations maintain Iran is working to develop fissile material for nuclear weapons . The International Atomic Energy Agency said in its most recent report , in February , that Iran continues to stonewall the inspectors by not providing sufficient information or access to its facilities for inspectors to determine the ultimate purpose of Iran 's nuclear program . Former nuclear inspector David Albright , who has closely followed developments concerning Iran 's nuclear exploits , said he had no information about whether TABA is in fact a secret nuclear site . But he did question the claim that Iran has enough parts to make 100,000 centrifuges . "  There is no way Iran has made components for 100,000 centrifuges , " said Albright , adding , "  It runs contrary to all indications that Iran has a shortage of raw materials . " According to Albright , Iran has indicated it wants to have 50,000 centrifuges and has so far manufactured 12,000 to 15,000 of them . Albright believes there is a political motivation behind the Iranian opposition 's claims that leads to exaggeration . He said the opposition supporters challenge international sanctions as a way to highlight their goal of getting the United States to remove the People 's Mujahedeen of Iran from its list of foreign terrorist organizations . At the news conference , Jafarzadeh -- saying that "  the revelations today show the policy pursued by the United States has not been productive in halting the nuclear program of Iran " -- maintained that only a democratic Iran will succeed in eliminating the nuclear program , and that the best chance for democracy lies with the United States removing the People 's Mujahedeen of Iran from its terrorist list .	An Iranian-American with ties to the People 's Mujahedeen of Iran announces the find He says Iran uses the site to make parts for centrifuges used to enrich uranium The United States is aware of the facility , a U.S. official tells CNN
Washington  CNN  -- More than 2 million people have signed up so far for health coverage under Obamacare , officials said Tuesday in trying to put the best face forward before the controversial health care reforms fully kick in with the start of 2014 . The enrollment figure represented a big increase after the botched launch of the system in October , but Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius was unable to say how many of the 2.1 million who enrolled have paid their first premium to ensure their policies take effect on Wednesday . Sebelius and other officials also acknowledged the possibility of more potential problems , warning people to bring proof of coverage with them to their doctor or pharmacy , pay premiums when due and double-check with insurers that they are covered . CNNMoney : Starting the new year in Obamacare limbo Under the reforms , Americans will be required to have health coverage or face a fine . Sebelius called the full implementation of reforms under the 2010 Affordable Care Act a new era in health insurance , noting they mean no denial of coverage for pre-existing conditions or other discriminatory practices such as charging women more than men . "  Starting tomorrow , being a woman will no longer be a pre-existing condition , " Sebelius said on a conference call with journalists . The Obamacare enrollment figure is below the target of 3 million originally set by the administration for the end of December , which is halfway through an initial six-month sign-up period under the law intended to help millions of previously uninsured Americans get coverage . Overall , the administration hopes to enroll 7 million people by March 31 while also expanding eligibilty for Medicaid , the government health care program for the impoverished . Sebelius said Tuesday that another 3.9 million people were eligible for coverage through expanded Medicaid and Children 's Health Insurance Program , but she was unable to specify how many have become new enrollees . The botched rollout of the new marketplaces on October 1 , when the HealthCare.gov website set up to handle the enrollment failed to work properly , damaged the sign-up process until the system began working better in early December . Sebelius said the administration was "  doing everything we can to help ensure a smooth transition period " for people getting new coverage . Anticipating possible problems in the enrollment system , Sebelius also advised in her blog post that "  if you thought you enrolled in health coverage but are n't showing up in the system , call your insurance company directly . " She also said people could contact the Obamacare call center for assistance . Asked if the website woes in October and November could be due to attacks from outside by Obamacare opponents , a spokeswoman for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services told reporters there were technological problems but no sign of hacking . The health care reforms championed by President Barack Obama have become the defining issue of his presidency , with Republicans led by tea party conservatives trying to dismantle them while some Democrats appearing leery of campaigning on them in the November congressional elections . While the Supreme Court ruled the mandate to obtain health coverage was constitutional , further legal challenges are being mounted . Also on Tuesday , a group of Catholic organizations , in an emergency appeal , asked the Supreme Court to delay the Obamacare requirement that certain religious-affiliated groups provide contraception and "  abortion-inducing drug " coverage to their workers . Catholic groups ask Supreme Court to delay Obamacare mandate Archdioceses in Washington , D.C. , Tennessee and Michigan -- along with affiliated groups that include Catholic University -- asked Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Elena Kagan to block enforcement of the related employer mandates set to take effect on Wednesday . The issue has been a major sticking sticking point with religious groups and private for-profit companies that have strong moral objections . The Supreme Court agreed last month to hear two cases involving for-profit corporations who say their religious liberty is violated by the law . Top official who oversaw Obamacare website retiring	Officials ca n't say how many have paid to ensure coverage as of Wednesday No signs of hacking so far into Obamacare website , an official says Enrollment figure is below the target originally set by the administration NEW : Catholic groups seek Supreme Court intervention on Obamacare contraception issue
CNN  -- When Senators Trent Lott and Tom Daschle ran the Senate , partisan politics was nonexistent and the chamber ran with no hiccups . Well , not exactly . In the late 1990s and early 2000s , they dealt with President Bill Clinton 's impeachment , controversial tax cuts , and welfare reform just to name a few contentious issues . But Tuesday , the two former majority leaders said that partisanship has gotten so extreme that things need to change . "  As we have seen throughout our careers , many political decision-makers increasingly favor partisan rancor over reasoned debate in discussing national policies , " Daschle and Lott said in releasing a set of recommendations to turn things around in Washington . Daschle was the top Democrat in the Senate from 1995-05 and Lott led Republicans from 95-02 . They served on a 29-member committee along with other former members of Congress , White House officials , business owners and academics formed to drum up solutions . The Bipartisan Policy Center 's Commission on Political Reform offered changes to the legislative system and the electoral process , recommendations that Daschle said are aimed at transforming Congress "  into a high performing " entity . Among the proposals : * Senate only be allowed to change its rules at the start of a session . The Democratic-led Senate imposed controversial rule changes in the middle of the current session . * Lawmakers return to a five-day work week . Currently , the House and Senate mainly work three-day weeks . * Congress pass budgets every two years . Currently , annual budget fights exacerbate partisanship . * Independent commissions oversee congressional redistricting every 10 years . Currently , redistricting is conducted by the states based on census shifts every decade , so the time frame would n't change . But gerrymandering has created districts loyal to individual parties , which critics say limit competition and exacerbate partisanship . * Create a national primary day and ease access to voting and registration . Primaries are staggered nationally , and controversy has flared over Republican-led voter ID campaigns , which critics say disenfranchises minorities . Olympia Snowe , a moderate Republican who represented Maine in the Senate until 2012 , said she decided not to run for reelection when she realized she could not invoke change within the system because "  partisanship and politics would not diminish . " She said increasingly partisan congressional districts have resulted in a noncompetitive general election , giving primaries an "  outsized and disproportionate role " in politics . The low voter turnout in primaries results in a minority of people are determining who is elected to office , she said . Writing the report is the easy part . Implementing it is not . The political heavy hitters plan to use their heft to push the ideas in Congress and state legislatures . Lott said that when he ran it by the current Senate leaders , Republican Mitch McConnell and Democrat Harry Reid , they were "  both moderately not happy . " That 's a good place to start , Lott said , grinning .	Two former Senate leaders back a plan that would change the political system Recommendations include a national primary day and altering redistricting They say Congress is dysfunctional and changes are needed to make it work
As the bloody battles pushed up tragic death tolls on both sides , world powers held a flurry of diplomatic meetings Wednesday aimed at halting the fighting in Gaza . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met with Israeli and Palestinian leaders as well as U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , while several Middle Eastern nations worked to try to win Hamas ' agreement for an Egyptian-led cease-fire . But perhaps the most powerful message came from a woman whose son 's death played a role in sparking the current fighting . "  Your children and our children -- nobody should really go through what we 're going through now , " said Rachel Fraenkel , whose son Naftali was among three Jewish teens kidnapped and killed on the way home from school in the West Bank last month . Israel blamed Hamas . Later , a Palestinian teen was killed in what Israel calls a revenge attack . Israel has indicted an adult and two minors for the killing . The Fraenkels are American citizens . Yishai Fraenkel , Naftali 's uncle , works to bring Palestinians into Israel 's high-tech sector . Rachel Fraenkel met with Kerry on Wednesday . Afterward , speaking to media , she said , "  I just want to turn to Palestinian parents and say maybe you can stop Hamas from using you as human shields and your death as propaganda . " "  I promise the Palestinian parents : All we want is to live in peace and raise our children without threats of missiles or tunnels under our communities , " noting that an Israeli kindergarten was struck by a rocket this week -- it was empty at the time . "  Maybe we can teach our children that we want to live in peace , " she said . Some Palestinian parents visited her family after Naftali 's death and they had very good conversations , she said . "  I do know decent , good Palestinian people . " Israeli Jewish families also visited the family of Mohammed Abu Khedair , the Palestinian teen killed . Despite Fraenkel 's sentiments , many Palestinian parents accuse Israel of carrying out a "  massacre " -- and have called on Israelis to push the government to stop military action . "  Nobody is safe and nobody can flee anywhere because everywhere is targeted , " said a mother of two who lives in the al-Remal neighborhood of Gaza City , as CNN reported Monday . "  When we hear the shelling my kids will cry . " Death tolls jump The Gaza Health Ministry said Wednesday 695 Palestinians have been killed in the fighting , including 166 children . More than 4,500 people have been wounded , the health officials said . It 's unclear how many of the dead were civilians . The United Nations estimates that more than 70 % were . The Israeli military said 230 militants have been killed . Palestinians have disputed Israeli and American assertions that many of the deaths are due to people choosing to be part of human shields . While Hamas leaders have encouraged people to do so , many Palestinians have told CNN they worried that if they followed Israeli warnings and fled their homes , they 'd have nowhere safe to go . Three more Israeli soldiers were killed Wednesday , bringing the total to 32 plus three civilians . Among the soldiers , three died from friendly fire . A Hamas mortar shell killed a foreign worker in Ashkelon on Wednesday , marking the third civilian death on the Israeli side . Hamas has said it is holding an Israeli soldier it captured in an ambush on an armored personnel carrier Sunday . Six other IDF soldiers died in the ambush . On Tuesday , the Israeli military released the soldier 's name -- Sgt. Oren Shaul -- but said it was "  working to identify his body . " Israeli media reported that Shaul was missing and presumed dead . U.N. slams possible ` war crimes ' "  There seems to be a strong possibility that international humanitarian law has been violated , in a manner that could amount to war crimes , " U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said Wednesday . "  I unequivocally reiterate to all actors in this conflict that civilians must not be targeted . It is imperative that Israel , Hamas and all Palestinian armed groups strictly abide by applicable norms of international humanitarian law and international human rights law , " Pillay said . "  This entails applying the principles of distinction between civilians and combatants and between civilian objects and military objectives ; proportionality ; and precautions in attack . Respect for the right to life of civilians , including children , should be a foremost consideration . Not abiding by these principles may amount to war crimes and crimes against humanity . " Some Israeli officials rejected Pillay 's statements about Israel . "  She would be better advised to seek credible first-hand information rather than making intolerably biased statements based on newspaper clippings , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor said , according to The Jerusalem Post . He added that Pillay 's "  embarrassingly shallow and populist affirmations ... do a huge disservice to actual human rights . " Also Wednesday , Ban announced he was ordering a review of incidents where rockets were placed at United Nations Relief and Works Agency schools . Ban "  expresses his outrage , and regret , at the placing of weapons in a UN-administered school , " a written statement from the U.N. said . He demanded that militants stop endangering civilians by putting rockets at the schools . Tunnels found , ambulances hit The Israeli military , meanwhile , said it hit more than 187 targets overnight , and most of them were in Shaja'ia . The Israel Defense Forces has warned residents of the neighborhood to flee multiple times and has accused Hamas of telling people to remain in their homes . An IDF force found another "  terror access shaft " in Gaza on Wednesday , Israel said . Inside it were weapons , maps and IDF uniforms , "  all intended for the execution of terror attacks against Israel . " The IDF also "  attacked several militants emerging from a tunnel opening " in southern Gaza , Israel said . "  Since the beginning of the ground operation , more than 60 access shafts leading to some 28 tunnels were uncovered . " The al-Wafa hospital , near hard-hit Shaja'ia , "  is a Hamas military compound , " the Israel Defense Forces said Wednesday . At Israel 's request , it was evacuated of patients and staff Tuesday , though Hamas gunmen remained , firing at Israeli forces , the IDF said . Israel confirmed the evacuation with a World Health Organization official , then struck the "  terror targets " at the site , the IDF said . The Israeli military released video it said showed secondary explosions from stockpiled munitions when the hospital was hit . Palestinian ambulances have been shelled , Gazan medics have complained . On Wednesday , the IDF said militants used one to escape the Israeli military . The International Committee of the Red Cross prepared to go into Shaja'ia early Wednesday . The neighborhood is "  partially demolished , " the ICRC said . Cease-fire possible ? Kerry shuttled between Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Tel Aviv and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in the West Bank on Wednesday . Abbas ' Fatah party has long controlled the Palestinian government in the West Bank , while Hamas has controlled Gaza . The two groups , which have engaged in violent battles in the past , recently announced another effort at a joint government . Earlier Wednesday , Kerry met with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , who was already on the ground calling for an end to the bloodshed in Gaza . Israel has publicly accepted Egypt 's call for a cease-fire and condemned Hamas for not doing so . Hamas political leadership lives in Qatar , another country involved in efforts to achieve a cease-fire . Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal said from Doha , Qatar , that Hamas ' demand that Israel end an air , land and sea blockade of Gaza is their most important demand . "  Then we can negotiate , " he said . Turkey and Kuwait are involved as well , a Hamas official told CNN . Can Kerry end the Gaza-Israel bloodshed ?	U.N. Secretary-General calls for militants to stop placing rockets at schools Mother of Israeli-American teen killed sends message to Palestinian parents 35 killed in Israel including 32 soldiers , Israel says 695 Palestinians killed since beginning of renewed hostilities , the Gaza Health Ministry says
CNN  A dress worn by Vivien Leigh as she played Scarlett O'Hara in "  Gone With the Wind " has fetched $ 137,000 at an auction . That 's a pretty healthy profit for the collector who bought the outfit decades ago for a mere $ 20 as it was on the verge of being tossed out . The outfit , a gray two-piece ensemble , was sold at an auction in Beverly Hills , California , on Saturday , according to Heritage Auctions . It was the most sought after item among roughly 150 pieces of "  Gone With the Wind " memorabilia on sale in the auction . They come from the huge collection amassed by James Tumblin , who used to work at Universal Studios . Tumblin said he came across the Scarlett O'Hara dress in the early 1960s while doing some research at a costume company . "  I saw this dress on the floor and a docent told me not to bother to pick it up , because they were throwing it away , " he said , according to The Telegraph . "  I asked if he would sell it to me , " he said . "  I had noticed there was a printed label saying Selznick International Pictures and ` Scarlett production dress ' was written in ink . " From that savvy purchase , his "  Gone With the Wind " collection snowballed . Other standout items include a straw hat worn by Leigh in a number of scenes in the movie and a gray wool suit worn by Clark Gable as his character , Rhett Butler , kicks down the door of Scarlett O'Hara 's boudoir . The dress -- a jacket and full skirt ensemble -- was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie , including when Scarlett O'Hara encounters Butler and when she gets attacked in the shanty town . The outfit has suffered a little with age , however . When Leigh wore it in the movie , it was slate blue-gray . Over the years , it 's faded to light gray . But that did n't deter the winning bidder on Saturday .	Collector says he bought the outfit as it was about to be thrown away Vivien Leigh wore it in several key scenes in the 1939 movie
CNN  -- A Swedish diplomat in Iran was arrested and accused of participating in Iranian protests during observances surrounding the Muslim holy day of Ashura , two semi-official news agencies reported Sunday , citing members of Iran 's parliament . Sweden denies that the diplomat was involved in the protests . Swedish officials and the Mehr news agency reported that the diplomat was subsequently released . "  Based on the law and international norms , diplomats can not be detained or arrested , " Alaedin Boroujerdi , a member of the Iranian parliamentary National Security Committee , told Mehr . "  But since this person was among those who were disturbing the peace , he was initially arrested but then he was released when it was determined he was a diplomat . " The Swedish Foreign Office confirmed the arrest , but said the diplomat -- who was not named -- was not taking part in demonstrations . "  A Swedish diplomat was arrested in Tehran about two weeks ago and detained overnight for between 10 and 20 hours before being released , " said Anders Jorle , spokesman for the Foreign Office . "  He was arrested after he was found to not be carrying ID , which is not required but is recommended in Iran . " "  He was not taking part in a protest , " Jorle said . "  He was passing one of the places where a protest had taken place , but the protest was not ongoing at the time of the arrest . "  In hindsight , we would say that he should have been carrying ID , " Jorle said . "  As far as we 're concerned , the matter is closed and there is nothing further to say . " The Fars news agency quoted Zohreh Elahian , a member of the security committee , as saying the Swedish charg d'affaires was arrested on the day of Ashura , December 27 . He was arrested by Iranian officials who considered his presence at the demonstration to be an interference in international affairs , Elahian told Fars . "  According to witnesses and evidence , several foreign embassies in Tehran played a role behind the scenes and were represented -LSB- on the scene on that day -RSB- by their chargs d'affaires and other diplomats , " Elahian said . Ashura is the major Shiite Muslim holy day . It marks the death of Imam Hussein , grandson of the Prophet Mohammed , as a martyr . Shiites commemorate the death of Hussein each year , climaxing on Ashura , after a 40-day mourning period . Its observance in Iran was marked by anti-government protests . President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad downplayed the reports , calling them "  a theater play by the Zionists and the Americans , " according to state media . An Iranian media blackout made it difficult to verify accounts of that weekend 's violence , but videos that found their way west depicted bloodied and , in some cases , apparently dead protesters . CNN 's Jonathan Wald contributed to this report .	Swedish Foreign Office : Diplot arrested in Iran during holy Muslim holiday Two news reports said diplomat was participating in protests Official : Arrest happened two weeks ago ; diplomat held for 10 hours , then released
CNN  -- The popular microblogging site Twitter was hacked briefly by a group calling itself the Iranian Cyber Army , but the site was quickly restored after the incident early Friday . Those who tried to access Twitter were redirected to a site displaying a green flag and proclaiming , in English , "  This site has been hacked by Iranian Cyber Army . " The group 's Web address was provided . Arabic writing in blue said , "  Hezbollah is victorious , " and a message on the flag said , "  Ya Hussein , " referring to Prophet Mohammed 's grandson . The United States and Israel categorize Hezbollah , a political party in Lebanon , as a terrorist organization . "  The group claiming responsibility for the Twitter hacking is previously unknown , but its symbols would be familiar to anyone looking at radical  Web  sites , " said Octavia Nasr , CNN 's senior editor for Middle East affairs . "  The hackers are definitely Shiites , as indicated by the ` Ya Hussein ' chant printed on their banner , " she said . "  The group also uses Arabic in their text , a clear indication of collaboration with Arabic groups . Hezbollah is a Lebanese Shiite militia with ideological , political and military ties to Iran . The same name is also used by a group inside Iran . " Twitter posted a message about 2:30 a.m. ET Friday on its official Twitter page , saying , "  Twitter 's DNS  domain name system  records were temporarily compromised but have now been fixed . " "  In the past few years , we 've been seeing a rise in desire for hacking by insurgents and terrorist groups , " said Nasr . Not only do they hack outside sites , but they hack each other 's , she said . "  The idea of ` cyber terrorism ' and ` cyber insurgency ' has been manifested in many ways --  with  hacking individual sites being the most infamous . " She added , "  This week 's  revelation of  successful hacking of U.S. predator drone feeds by Iranian-backed Shiite militants adds another level of sophistication toward the hacking effort . " Twitter became unwittingly involved in Iranian politics last summer . When Iran 's disputed presidential election spiraled into bloody protests , the opposition used Twitter and other social networking sites to inform the world . Protesters beamed images from the violent demonstrations at a time when mainstream media were given almost no access to the demonstrations . Twitter became so fundamental in spreading news of the protests that the U.S. State Department asked the company to delay a planned shutdown for maintenance . CNN 's Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report .	NEW : CNN senior editor for Middle East affairs : "  The hackers are definitely Shiites " Twitter was hacked early Friday by a group claiming to be "  Iranian Cyber Army " The popular microblogging site was down for nearly an hour before it was fixed It is not known whether hackers are connected with Iran
CNN  -- There comes a time during pregnancy , after finally choosing the perfect pastel for the baby 's room , installing that complicated car seat and sorting through all the new bibs and onesies , when it 's high time to think less about Pampers and more about being pampered . Or perhaps you just want to visit London to celebrate the upcoming birth of royalty  the Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William are expecting their bundle of joy any day now  . Either way , we 've got you covered . Here are nine spots in the British capital that will have you living it up like a royal in no time : Bask in luxury : Draycott Hotel Check-in at this five-star hotel begins with sparkling cider for mommy-to-be and some bubbly for the frazzled dad-to-be , not to mention a bouquet of roses . Settle into your room before heading to your prenatal massage , included in the Royal Babymoon package . Do n't worry : The Draycott has thought of everything , including a cuddly teddy bear for the newborn , extra pillows and parenting magazines . Do n't forget to sip some tea at 4 p.m.  it 's on the house  , traipse through the private garden and settle down for hot chocolate and homemade biscuits  also on the house  at 9:30 p.m. Ice cream cravings ? They 've got that covered , too , with nightly room delivery of strawberry , chocolate or vanilla . 26 Cadogan Gardens , London Act like royalty : The Goring The Goring is most famous for the fact that Kate stayed there her last night as a single lady before the royal wedding . It was also the venue for the reception after-party . The Goring has welcomed Royals since 1910 . Even the queen of England holds her annual summer garden party there . And why not ? This hotel is said to have the largest private garden in London . With the stamp of approval from Kate and company  aka a royal warrant from the queen herself  , you can rest assured you will feel perfectly regal , too . The Goring , Beeston Place , London Indulge in some retail therapy : St. Martin 's Courtyard There 's nothing like having a personal stylist dress you to the nines , especially when she takes you on a sartorial tour through the heart of Covent Garden , one of London 's most fashionable neighborhoods . Book a half day with Eliisa Makin , the wardrobe consultant at St. Martin 's Courtyard , to find all the trappings of a great wardrobe , including L.K. Bennett and Barbour , two labels Kate has been seen wearing .  Note : Ask Makin to take you to King 's Road , too . Perhaps you 'll land yourself a Kate sighting . Makin , a stylist and fashion editor , will take you to lunch to discuss the looks you are after and then dress you from head to toe in the season 's trends . There 's plenty of ground to cover with a mix of fashion , beauty and lifestyle boutiques , including Sienna Miller 's label Twenty8Twelve , Jaeger London and Cos. . Slingsby Place , London Breathe in , breathe out : Tri-Yoga Bring on the harmony with a visit to this popular yoga studio with various locations throughout London . Besides offering a slew of classes  vinyasa , ashtanga and aerial yoga  , there are treatments that will further put any expecting couple at ease . Ladies can opt for pregnancy craniosacral therapy , reflexology or acupuncture ; gentlemen will dig the sports massage or the Thai foot massage . And if you 're up for some extra credit , the studio also runs workshops for couples who are expecting , including topics such as hypnobreathing , emotional detox and postnatal restorative techniques . After working up an appetite , stop by the on-site cafe for raw carrot cake bites , filling salads , smoothies and juices . There 's even a pregnancy drink  packed with apple , pear , kiwi and spinach  said to give mother and baby an extra wallop of nutrients . Picnic in the park : Hyde Park What once was a place for King Henry VIII and his court to hunt deer and wild boar in the 16th century is now a refuge for tai chi , swimming and kicking back . Stake out a shady spot among the 350 sprawling acres and wind down with a picnic . This gorgeous expanse is a prime spot for people-watching and a delightful place for an impromptu photo shoot . The picture-perfect backdrops include hyper-manicured gardens , Queen Elizabeth Gate and Serpentine Lake . After whiling away the morning , consider heading to the south side to spot the Household Cavalry Mounted Regiment , who reside at the Hyde Park Barracks .  Note : check website for times . Rent a yacht : Linton Motor Yacht Charters When it comes to spoiling yourself silly , lounging around on a private yacht is a surefire way to feel like a VIP . Aboard the Princess V48 motor yacht , appropriately named the Happy Bunny , you can easily spot the famous landmarks in style without ever mingling with the masses . Opt to cruise to Alderney if you have a few days . It 's often described as the most British of the Channel Islands . Here , you can hop out and walk among the puffins , rabbits and , if you 're lucky , the elusive blonde hedgehogs . Short on time ? Choose a day trip down the River Thames instead . The crew will even take you on a small , high-speed boat for water skiing and wakeboarding lessons . You 'll have alfresco BBQ by day and fancy dinners by night . For an extra special touch , arrange the services of a Michelin-trained chef to prepare your meals . Get schooled in chocolate : Melange Chocolate Shop & Cafe If you have a passion for high-quality chocolates and dream of playing the part of Willy Wonka , the chocolatiers at Melange can help . At this whimsical store , try your hand at creating sweet treats through chocolate-making classes and even chocolate painting . Start by a sampling cocoa beans and a selection of chocolate bars . Then , learn the art of truffle making by flavoring and shaping different types of delectable fillings . If that 's not your cup of tea , then opt for chocolate painting , where guests whip up delicious pieces of edible art . If you visit in October , be sure to check out Chocolate Week , a festival where the capital 's best chocolatiers offer up to-die-for desserts . 184 Bellenden Road , London Sip on afternoon tea : The Cadogan Hotel The perfect way to unwind in London is , of course , to sip tea in the afternoon . The Cadogan has been serving afternoon tea since 1887 , so , by now , they have perfected it . Relax among the original artworks , stained glass windows and oversized mirrors while nibbling on finger sandwiches , home baked scones , Chelsea buns and a variety of Partridges teas , supplied by the queen 's grocer , Partridges of Chelsea . You 'll be feeling positively British and blissfully stress-free in no time . 5 Sloane Street , Knightsbridge , London Stop and smell the roses : Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew The Royal Botanic Gardens are , hands-down , among London 's most beautiful and serene places . So it 's no surprise the gardens were declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2003 . This 750-acre botanical garden is a maze bursting with color and unusual greenery . It 's also the ideal spot for some serious tranquility . Take a tour of Kew 's Palm House , considered one of the most important surviving Victorian iron and glass structures in the world , or visit the treetop walkway , which takes you under the ground and then up 59 feet in the air to see the mammoth oaks from a different angle . Afterward , get a feel for royal living by peeking into Queen Charlotte 's Cottage , an 18th-century thatched cottage that was a private haven for Queen Charlotte and her family in the 18th century . Royal Botanic Gardens , Richmond , Greater London	Head to the Goring , where Kate Middleton stayed the night before her wedding Shop for Kate-worn clothing labels at St. Martin 's Courtyard Visit Hyde Park to see where King Henry VIII went on deer and wild boar hunts The Cadogan serves tea supplied by the Queen 's grocer , Partridges of Chelsea
CNN  -- Two U.S. military aircraft jettisoned four bombs near the Great Barrier Reef off the Australian coast last week , the U.S. Navy says . Now , the Navy is looking at how it can get the bombs out , a U.S. Navy official who declined to be identified told CNN . The two Marine planes abandoned the bombs Tuesday in the national park containing the natural wonder because they were running out of fuel and could not land with the amount of ordnance on board , the Navy said . The two Marine aircraft were launched from a Navy ship , the USS Bonhomme Richard . Two of the projectiles were explosive bombs that were disarmed before they were dropped . They did not explode , the Navy said . The other two were inert , or non-explosive bombs , the Navy said . "  The jettison box was selected in a deep channel away from the reef to minimize the possibility of reef damage . However the inert and unexploded ordnance is inside the Great Barrier Reef World Heritage area , " the Navy official said . "  The Navy knows full well how environmentally sensitive the Great Barrier Reef is , and will do everything to make this right . " The pilots chose an area away from the reefs , which contain 400 types of coral . The area was also deep enough to prevent passing ships from running into the bombs , the Navy said . The reef is home to 1,500 species of fish and 4,000 kinds of mollusks , according to the United Nations ' World Heritage Convention . It is also a habitat for animals threatened by extinction and is protected as a World Heritage Site . U.S. minesweeper lifted from reef Reports of the incident drew swift condemnation from one Australian lawmaker , who told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation that the situation was "  outrageous . " "  I think it 's outrageous that we 're letting the U.S. military drop bombs on the World Heritage Great Barrier Reef , " said Greens Sen. Larissa Waters , according to an article on the Australian network 's website . "  I mean have we gone completely mad ? Is this how we look after our World Heritage area now ? Letting a foreign power drop bombs on it ? " 20 of the world 's most beautiful World Heritage Sites Great Barrier Reef found to have thriving deep water coral CNN 's Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva and Larry Register contributed to this report .	NEW : Official : The Navy is looking at how it can get the bombs out U.S. aircraft dropped four unarmed bombs not far from the Great Barrier Reef Navy : The planes were running out of fuel and could not land with such cargo Report : An Australian lawmaker calls the action "  outrageous "
CNN  I 'm Candida Moss and I am professor of New Testament and Early Christianity at the University of Notre Dame . I was an adviser on the "  True Cross " episode and served as one of the many on-camera experts in CNN 's "  Finding Jesus " series , which currently airs on Sundays . Viewers were invited to tweet and post their questions on the "  Finding Jesus " Facebook page during the show . Below are some of the more interesting questions and my answers to them . My apologies to everyone I did n't get to . Feel free to tweet your questions to me directly . Herb Scribner : Can anyone explain to me what the Bible 's deal is with 40 days/nights ? Moss : It 's more an interest in the number 40 . In the Hebrew Bible the people of Israel wander in the wilderness for 40 years before they reach the Holy Land . The flood lasts for 40 days and nights ; Moses spends 40 days and nights on the mountain ; Goliath spends 40 days encouraging the Israelites to challenge him before David steps up ; 40 is a common age for people to be when they get married ; in the book of Judges it is always 40 years between judges ; and David and Solomon each reigned for 40 years . What we can take away from all of this is that people in the ancient world saw 40 as suggesting a full , complete period of time . It 's sort of like a narrative stock number , in the way that modern jokes follow the rule of three . Yalanda M. Price : Was there any division between the followers of Jesus and the followers of John the Baptist ? Moss : One of the interesting things about the relationship between Jesus and John the Baptist is that John does n't lay down his tools and follow Jesus after he baptizes him . Nor , it seems , did John 's disciples . They had separate ministries and , while there may have been contact between the two groups , they were also de facto competitors in the ancient religious marketplace . There are some hints in the New Testament that Jesus and his followers had to differentiate themselves from John by stating that Jesus ' baptism was better  Acts 11:6  and countering the idea that Jesus was actually John raised from the dead  Matthew 14:2  Some scholars argue that these references are evidence of tension between followers of Jesus and followers of John . Mark Goodacre answers your questions about the Shroud of Turin . Jeffery Graff : Can the DNA tests on the bones indicate whether he is a Jew or even whether he is of the tribe of Levi ? Moss : I 'm so glad someone brought up DNA . The DNA tests on the Bulgarian bones yielded only mitochondrial DNA  DNA passed down by the mother  , not the more reliable nuclear DNA  the kind of DNA referred to in forensic investigations  . In the original study of the Bulgarian relics  of which I was a part  the mitochondrial DNA revealed that the Bulgarian relics were of "  probable Semitic origin . " Thinking back to my time in the laboratory with the Copenhagen scientists , I recall that the lead investigator estimated that the probability was about 75 % . The episode last night stated things a little too sharply when it said that the bones were from a Middle-Eastern man . As for the more specific question about the genetics of Jews and members of the tribe of Levi : Current scientific technology does not reveal this kind of information even if start-up genetic testing companies promise this kind of information . Cyndi Rosenthal : Are there any other historical references of John the Baptist outside of the Bible ? Daniel Jos Camacho : Any extra-biblical sources that shed light on historical figure of John the Baptist ? Moss :  These questions are on a similar topic , so I 've chosen to answer them together .  Actually there is external attestation for the life and importance of John the Baptist . This is important because it 's fairly rare to find this kind of evidence for ancient figures outside the writings of their followers . The Jewish historian Josephus mentions John the Baptist in his book , "  The Jewish Antiquities . " Josephus describes John as a "  good man " who possessed "  virtue " and had "  great influence " over the people . According to Josephus , Herod put John the Baptist to death because he was afraid that he might raise a rebellion . This gives us another -- arguably more historical -- perspective on why John was executed and provides further evidence about just how important John was in his own day . Watch the latest full episode anytime on CNNgo Daniel Jos Camacho : Wait , how did Jesus get "  Our Father " prayer from Johnny B ??? Did n't catch that . Moss : I 'm also really glad someone brought this up , because I wondered about it too . In the Gospel of Luke , one of Jesus ' disciples says , "  Lord , teach us to pray , as John taught his disciples . " It 's an interesting request that tells us something about John the Baptist 's ministry and the demanding characters of Jesus ' disciples ! In Luke , Jesus responds to this request by teaching them the Lord 's Prayer . We do n't know that the Lord 's Prayer came from John , and personally I do n't think it did ; I think this is just how Luke shaped his version of events . But if you were just reading Luke you could come to that conclusion .	Religion professor Candida Moss appears in each episode of the program Moss was part of the original study to determine if relics found in Bulgaria could be the bones of John the Baptist .
CNN  -- Seven people were injured Thursday when heavy rains caused a partial roof collapse at a Barbourville , Kentucky , business , officials said . Initial reports from the scene were that the drainage system at Tru-Seal Manufacturing was clogged and caused water to pool on the roof , causing a partial collapse , said Kentucky Emergency Management spokesman Buddy Rogers . Three people were taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries , Rogers said . Several others walked over to the hospital on their own with minor injuries , he said . A total of seven people , all adults , were checked into the Knox County Hospital , said hospital spokesman Shawn Gentry . Barbourville is about 100 miles southeast of Lexington , Kentucky . Elsewhere , several homes were destroyed and others damaged Thursday when a tornado touched down near Dexter , Michigan , officials said . No injuries or deaths were immediately reported , said Marc Breckenridge , emergency management director for Washtenaw County . Authorities were assessing the number of damaged and destroyed structures , he said , adding the twister was not thought to be on the ground very long . Video from CNN affiliate WDIV showed one home reduced to rubble in a neighborhood , with an adjacent home heavily damaged . Dexter is about 10 miles northwest of Ann Arbor . The severe weather also affected the western and southwestern areas of Ann Arbor , said Mayor John Hieftje . Some streets were flooded , power lines were downed and one garage was struck by lightning , he said . Parts of the city also received hail , he said . The area was under a tornado warning until about 6:30 p.m. , he said . Bill Marx , head baker at Dexter Bakery , told WDIV he was closing the business when he heard storm sirens . "  I stepped outside and saw the clouds turning around , " he said . "  It was coming toward us . After it went by , it really started raining and hailing . " An area resident uploaded video of the tornado approaching Dexter to the Internet sharing site YouTube . "  There 's trees flying around , " one person can be heard saying on the video . A National Weather Service assessment will determine the strength of the tornado . Several counties in the area remained under severe thunderstorm and flash flood warnings Thursday night . CNN 's Julia Talanova , Maria White and Sean Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : 7 people are injured in a partial roof collapse in Kentucky No deaths or injuries are reported from the Dexter , Michigan , tornado Several homes are destroyed , official says
CNN  -- A Massachusetts teen accused of raping a fellow student at a summer sports camp pleaded not guilty Tuesday . Galileo Mondol , 17 , is one of three high school junior varsity soccer players who authorities allege entered a cabin occupied by freshman students and assaulted three victims at a camp in western Massachusetts . At Tuesday 's hearing , prosecutors said the three went into the freshman cabin searching for victims , using a broomstick to assault them . Attorney William Korman told CNN that Mondol was an innocent bystander and actually tried to stop the other students from getting involved . Mondol is being tried as an adult and faces charges that include aggravated rape of a child under 16 , indecent assault and battery on a person who has turned 14 , assault and battery and intimidation of a witness . On Tuesday , he should have been heading to school for the first day of classes . "  I imagine he planned on getting dressed for his first day of school , and instead he had to get arraigned on felony charges , " Korman said . "  He 's very mature for his age . He understands the severity of the charges , but he 's also confident because he knows he did n't do anything . He knows he will be exonerated . " Mondol is being held without bail pending a "  dangerousness " hearing Friday , Korman said . If Mondol is found to be dangerous , the judge can continue to hold him without bail for 90 days . If the judge finds him not dangerous , his bail will be set at $ 100,000 . Two other JV soccer players , both 16 , face similar allegations , prosecutors said in a statement . It was unclear Tuesday whether they had been arraigned or entered pleas in response to the charges . Frederick Lantz , a spokesman with the Berkshire District Attorney 's office , said he could not reveal details about their cases because they were minors . The assaults occurred last month at Camp Lenox near Otis , a town in western Massachusetts , according to the Berkshire District Attorney 's Office . The city of Somerville , just northwest of Boston , rented the facility for team-building activities for its fall sports teams . A criminal investigation began after the allegations were reported to members of the Somerville High School athletic department . "  We are disturbed and appalled that these crimes may have taken place , " Somerville 's mayor and schools superintendent said in a joint statement , "  and our thoughts and concerns are with the victims and their families . " CNN 's Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	Galileo Mondol faces charges that include aggravated rape of a child Mondol pleads not guilty at arraignment Defense attorney : "  He knows he will be exonerated " Three JV soccer players from suburban Boston were arrested last week
The first Iraq war combat veteran to serve in the U.S. Senate introduced legislation on Thursday aimed at reducing the number of military veterans who commit suicide . No matter the cost of the measures urged in the sweeping bill , "  that is the cost of war , " Democratic Sen. John Walsh of Montana told CNN . Every day , 22 veterans commit suicide . To Walsh , that is more than a number . From 2004 to 2005 , he commanded an infantry battalion of the Montana National Guard in Iraq . When the unit returned home , one of Walsh 's soldiers committed suicide . When Walsh became adjutant general of the Montana National Guard , a few more guardsmen died by suicide . Read more at CNN 's ` The Uncounted ' "  Far too often , we 're leaving our veterans to fight their toughest battles alone , " Walsh said . "  Returning home from combat does not erase what happened there , and yet red tape and government dysfunction have blocked access to the care that saves lives . It is our duty to come together for real solutions for our heroes , " Walsh told CNN on Thursday . The Suicide Prevention for America 's Veterans Act is collaboration between Walsh and the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America . Founded in 2004 , IAVA is the first and largest organization for new veterans and their families , with 270,000 members nationwide . The next step for Walsh is to get a co-sponsor for the bill . He said he 's already received bipartisan support behind the scenes . The veterans organization is working on getting a similar bill in the House , said IAVA political director Kate O'Gorman . What 's in the bill ? Among the bill 's key objectives is to give veterans more time to receive mental health treatment . Currently , when a service member separates from active duty -- whether they are transitioning to being a veteran or becoming a Reservist or a member of the National Guard -- they have five years to receive care from the Department of Veterans Affairs , O'Gorman said . Sometimes it can take longer than five years for service members and veterans to realize they 're experiencing the symptoms of Post Traumatic Stress and other mental injuries . Read the bill  PDF About 25 % of IAVA 's members , O'Gorman said , have experienced a delayed onset of PTSD after getting out of the service . Many times , five years is just not long enough for veterans who are dealing with the stigma of mental health issues . It can take many years to emotionally come to grips with the diagnosis alone , and then it takes time to find and receive the right care . To address that , Walsh 's bill would extend the time to receive mental health treatment from five years to 15 years . Watch : Veteran talk about long struggle with PTSD before receiving help The legislation also seeks to improve the quality of mental health care providers by making their jobs more competitive with the private sector , O'Gorman said . Right now there are more than 1,000 open jobs at the VA for mental health care jobs , including psychiatric nurses , physician assistants and psychiatrists , among others , she said . The bill will introduce a pilot initiative that would allow a student to have their loans repaid if they work for the VA , O'Gorman said . It also calls for annual reviews of care programs within the Defense Department and the VA to ensure resources are being used effectively to help service members and vets struggling with mental health issues . Further , the legislation points out that the VA and the Defense Department use two different computer systems and mandates that those systems be amended so that they speak to each other more seamlessly . The legislation would also try to streamline the way the Pentagon and the VA prescribe medication . Currently , they use different drug prescription protocols , Walsh and military experts told CNN , and that can create a difficult situation . For example , a service member overcomes the hurdle of admitting they need care , seeks help from a DOD doctor and , after several tries , gets on a drug that works for him or her . When that warrior become a veteran , they go to a VA doctor only to be told that the drug the DOD doctor gave them is not available under VA protocols . The bill was introduced the same week that Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America held its annual Storm the Hill initiative . Teams comprised of four veterans whoses live have been rocked by a fellow warrior 's suicide met with lawmakers in Washington . The veterans shared their stories , and implored those in power to do something substantial to address the problem . Dollar costs and mental costs It 's unclear how much it would cost to do everything the bill lays out , according to Andrea Helling , Walsh 's spokeswoman . Walsh is waiting for the Congressional Budget Office to provide a figure , she said . But the senator stressed that it will cost far more in years to come if changes are not made soon to improve mental health care . The legislation comes at a time of fierce belt tightening in the armed forces . In February , the Pentagon said it would reduce the size of the Army to pre-Word War II numbers , retire the a popular A-10 "  Warhog " attack jet and reduce some benefits for warriors . "  This is a budget that recognizes the reality of the magnitude of our fiscal challenges , the dangerous world we live in , and the American military 's unique and indispensable role in the security of this country and in today 's volatile world , " Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel said in February . "  There are difficult decisions ahead , " he said . "  That is the reality we 're living with . " Downsizing due to modernization and budget constraints began under Hagel 's predecessor , Robert Gates . The Iraq and Afghanistan wars are the longest continuous battles the United States has fought . The Iraq war lasted from 2003 to 2010 and Afghanistan has been raging since soon after the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks . President Barack Obama has said that the United States could withdraw all troops from Afghanistan by the end of 2014 . More than 2 million Americans have served in combat in those two wars . Researchers estimate that as many as 300,000 service members may meet criteria for PTSD and between 200,000 and 300,000 have suffered a traumatic brain injury from mild to severe , according to Dr. Stephen Cozza with the Center for the Study of Traumatic Stress . The nonprofit think-tank RAND Corporation estimates a third of veterans likely have TBI , PTSD or depression , which puts the overall number affected at around 600,000 . A large body of research indicates PTSD is associated with increased likelihood of suicidal behavior . Beyond the bill Walsh was sworn into the U.S. Senate in January after Montana Gov. Steve Bullock named Walsh , his lieutenant governor , to serve the remainder of Sen. Max Baucus ' term after he became U.S. ambassador to China . Walsh is running for election in November . Walsh 's legislation , IAVA 's O'Gorman told CNN , has bipartisan support . And the goal is to get it passed by Memorial Day , far before an election is a concern . Walsh said lawmakers must also address suicides amongst military family members , too . The Pentagon is currently not tracking the number of suicides among relatives . CNN recently explored the topic and spoke to dozens of relatives who said they had contemplated or attempted killing themselves . Warrior suicides and military family member suicides are "  connected , " Walsh said . Speaking about a warrior under his command who had been deployed three times whose wife was left to care for triplets , Walsh said he understood that families have been under extreme stress for years . The relatives have made "  enormous sacrifices , " he said .	Sen. John Walsh has introduced legislation to reduce military suicides Walsh is the first Iraq war combat veteran to serve in the U.S. Senate "  We 're leaving our veterans to fight their toughest battles alone , " Walsh said The bill would give veterans more time to receive mental health care
New York  CNN  -- "  Guy who eats weird food " is probably how most people think of Andrew Zimmern . It 's a title he 's earned after years of choking down  and frequently appearing to enjoy  such strange edibles as iguana , live octopus , rotten shark and  urgh  cow placenta on his Travel Channel show "  Bizarre Foods . " But there 's more to Zimmern than a fearless digestive system . He 's also a celebrated chef . Not that surprising ? OK , how about this : He was a homeless alcoholic and drug addict for almost a year . Zimmern was lucky . Friends and family arranged an intervention and entered him into an inpatient rehabilitation facility in Minnesota . Once sober , Zimmern worked his way back up the culinary ladder he had descended , culminating in a post as executive chef at Minneapolis ' Caf  Un Deux Trois . That position ultimately led to his current TV hosting role . Years after his rehabilitation , Zimmern was approached by his former homeroom teacher , who wondered whether he would consider being involved in a nonprofit benefitting those whose story Zimmern knew all too well : Services for the Underserved . SUS specializes in helping individuals and families in New York facing homelessness , mental illness , disabilities , HIV and other barriers to employment . It takes a holistic approach , providing training , housing and support tailored to people 's unique situations . Intrigued , Zimmern went to visit SUS 's residential facilities and meet with participants . "  I immediately wanted to get involved , " he said . "  The greatest gift I 've been able to receive in life is another chance , and I want to make sure other people have that opportunity as well . " He felt that its multipronged approach to people 's issues is what sets SUS apart from other organizations . "  It 's not enough to give a homeless person a home , " he explained . "  You have to treat them with dignity and respect ; you have to train them to get back into the job service system ; you have to address their mental health issues and physical health issues . " At the SUS Clubhouse in Brooklyn , a multitude of activities are taking place at any given time . Peer training is one , where many of those who have overcome challenges such as mental health issues and homelessness work with peers to mentor and prepare them to , in turn , help others who are struggling . Job skills training , veteran outreach and mental health services are available there . A kitchen provides culinary training and food for SUS beneficiaries . It 's only one of many facilities and services offered in the city . SUS is reactive ; if it sees that a person has a special skill , be it artistic , cooking , gardening , or a particular need such as addiction treatment or counseling , the organization will try to provide for that . It often simply fills gaps in basic needs that federal or city services have left in underserved populations , such as housing and food . "  The idea is to help people achieve self-actualization and empowerment , " said Donna Colonna , founder and CEO of SUS . "  So that 's where the money goes -- and some real bricks-and-mortar type things ; we do a lot of housing . ... But we definitely need continued support . " Funds are spread around the various initiatives , but despite the fact that it has existed for several decades , SUS sometimes struggles with visibility and budgeting so many initiatives in a city as large as NYC . Boosting visibility and helping with fundraising is a large part of Zimmern 's work with SUS . For one such initiative , he organized a "  dinner for a better New York , " enlisting the help of 11 celebrity chefs such as Masaharu Morimoto , Nobu Matsuhisa and Marc Forgione to create a menu , and an evening , to raise money and awareness for SUS . Zimmern believes it 's his personal history with addiction and homelessness that makes him a particularly helpful advocate for SUS . "  I can relate to the residents and the community that SUS serves in a very unique way , " he explained . For Zimmern , his work with SUS is something of a karmic opportunity . "  If I have been given this success that the second chance has  given me  , " he says , "  to not extend the lifeline of helping , do what I can to help those in need , I think , would be really shameful . " To that end , he wants people to know that every little bit helps . "  Not everybody is so disposed to go out and volunteer or raise money or actually sit down and talk to another person by sitting at the end of their bed when they 're in a residential situation and try to help them , " he acknowledged . "  Those that do that , however , need our support . " Donate to SUS	Zimmern was homeless for almost a year on the streets of NYC The "  Bizarre Foods " chef struggled with alcoholism and drug addiction Now he 's working with nonprofit Services for the Underserved SUS provides homes , training and other services for needy New Yorkers
Long Beach , California  CNN  -- Moments after marine explorer Sylvia Earle finished her passionate plea to preserve vast stretches of the world 's oceans at last year 's TED conference , a foundation executive walked up to her and pledged a million dollars for the cause . It was one of nearly 400 offers of support Earle received after revealing the wish she wanted to be granted as a winner of the TED Prize , given by the nonprofit organization whose motto is "  Ideas worth spreading . " It grants the winners $ 100,000 and organizational support but the impact of the prize is typically magnified by the backing of the influential audience attending the conferences . On Wednesday , British celebrity chef and nutrition advocate Jamie Oliver will reveal his wish as the winner of the 2010 prize . "  Every year we 're looking around for someone who can inspire the world to do something big and interesting , " says Chris Anderson , who runs TED with the title of curator . "  The issue of obesity , both in the US and worldwide , is a big deal , a shocking problem in a world where you 've got a lot of people starving and a lot of people killing themselves by overeating ... or eating the wrong things . We were interested in finding an inspirational figure who could address that . " Past TED prizes have gone to former President Bill Clinton , rock star and philanthropist Bono and biologist E.O. Wilson . Since 2005 , TED has granted wishes to three people a year and continues to work with past winners on achieving their wishes . But this year , the only winner will be Oliver , who has built an empire of cooking shows , cookbooks and restaurants . Oliver , the 34-year-old son of the owners of a pub/restaurant in Essex , England , came to public attention when he starred in a BBC television series , "  The Naked Chef . " He has followed that up with many other series , including one on nutrition in America due to launch this spring on ABC . The chef branched out into advocacy with a "  Feed Me Better " campaign for improved school lunches in the U.K. . He presented a petition with more than 270,000 signatures to the prime minister 's residence at 10 Downing Street in 2005 , and officials promised to spend an added 280 million pounds  $ 437 million  to improve school food quality . TED Prize winners typically keep their wishes secret until the conference . Anderson told CNN last week that he did not know what Oliver 's wish is . "  The whole idea is that the winner can actually wish for anything . We 're taking a bit of a gamble here , for all we know he could wish for a hot tub full of models . " The suspense is "  part of the magical nature of the prize ... that moment of unveiling is special and it excites people . " Oliver 's not tipping his hand about his wish , saying -- through a spokesman -- "  I humbly but passionately hope that my wish and my speech will inspire everyone in the room -- and watching on the Internet -- to take action on an issue that affects the whole world . " TED began in the 1980s as a conference in California focusing on technology , entertainment and design but has since expanded to include virtually any subject and conferences in other locations . Speakers , dressed informally , prowl a big stage -- there 's no lectern -- and present their views as a clock ticks away the 18 minutes each is allotted . This year 's conference in Long Beach , California , with 1,500 people attending in person and 500 watching a simulcast at the TEDActive conference in Palm Springs , features Bill Gates , Sheryl Crow , Sarah Silverman , James Cameron , David Byrne and Eve Ensler , among a roster of speakers in fields such as technology , science , philosophy , art , music and design . Anderson , who built and eventually sold a magazine publishing empire in the 1980s and 1990s , first attended a TED conference in 1998 and was intrigued that many people said it was the highlight of their year . He acquired TED in 2001 and hosted his first conference in 2003 . Three years later , TED began posting videos of its talks on the Web . They have been viewed more than 200 million times and many have now been given subtitles in 70 languages , through the work of volunteer translators . With the TED Prize , the organization goes beyond simply spreading ideas . "  Whenever I 've been to TED , I 've been struck by how towards the end of the conference , you had a room full of influential connected people absolutely burning with the possibility of inspiration , and it felt like something could be done with that , " Anderson said . After a brainstorming session with participants , the idea of a TED Prize emerged , "  a prize that instead of looking back , it looked forward . You brought someone to the conference and instead of just honoring them , you granted them a wish , a chance to make a difference in the world , a wish without restrictions . " Amy Novogratz , director of the TED Prize , said the year after biologist E.O. Wilson wished for a database to document every species on earth , the organization helped launch the "  Encyclopedia of Life . " "  Bono , the humanitarian rock star , won in 2005 , " Novogratz said , "  and wished for a million Americans to sign up to say that they care about poverty in Africa . With Bono and his organization we launched one.org , and he delivered a petition to the G8 that summer with almost 2 million signatures . " Sylvia Earle , the marine biologist , has led dozens of expeditions , including an all-female team that lived for weeks underwater in 1970 . She also walked on the sea floor untethered at a lower depth than any other woman . In her talk last year , she pointed out that in the past 50 years , 90 percent of the big fish in the oceans have been consumed and nearly half of the ocean 's coral reefs have disappeared . Less than one percent of the ocean is protected from destructive fishing , and Earle believes the seas will go into irreversible decline unless a much larger portion - some experts say as much as 30 percent - is protected . Earle said the world needs to act swiftly to protect what she calls "  the blue heart of the planet that basically keeps us alive . " She told CNN in an interview that a major public awareness campaign will be launched this year and that plans are underway for a conference at sea to get "  influential people to use their talents and intellect to come up with new ways to address these problems . " Earle attributes these initiatives to the involvement of TED . "  It allows us to tap into individuals and organizations all over the world that I would n't be able to do as an individual , " she said . "  They create this awareness and they frame the issues in such a way that people get it and they 're inspired to help . And that is a true gift . That 's the real prize . "	TED is an organization with the motto "  Ideas worth spreading " Its TED Prize has gone to Bono , Bill Clinton , E.O. Wilson , among others Winner Jamie Oliver will announce his secret "  wish to change the world " at TED2010 at approximately 8:50 pm ET Wednesday , Feb 10 , live on CNN.com Oliver is a celebrity chef who has crusaded for improved school nutrition in the U.K.
A newly disclosed CIA policy mandates that it wo n't use vaccination programs as part of its operations , according to the Obama administration . The directive by CIA Director John Brennan , made nine months ago but only coming to light now , followed concerns raised by leaders of a dozen U.S. public health schools in a letter to President Barack Obama . They spoke out following revelations the CIA had enlisted a doctor to oversee a false immunization campaign in Pakistan ahead of the 2011 raid that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in Abbottabad . The campaign 's true purpose was to collect information on the residents of the compound , and attempt to confirm DNA matches to bin Laden or relatives . The public health programs reached out to Obama after the organization Save the Children was forced to "  withdraw all foreign national staff " from Pakistan as a "  result of a CIA sham vaccination campaign . " Save the Children was in the midst of a campaign to administer the polio vaccination in Pakistan , one of the few places left in the world where the virus is still prevalent . In their letter to the White House in January 2013 , the deans also alleged that "  seven or more United Nations health workers who were vaccinating Pakistani children against polio were gunned down in unforgivable acts of terrorism " as a result of the CIA effort . In a letter dated May 16 and obtained by CNN on Monday , Lisa Monaco , the top White House adviser on homeland security and counterterrorism , told the health school deans that Brennan had "  directed in August 2013 that the agency make no operational use of vaccination programs , which includes vaccination workers . "  Similarly , the agency will not seek to obtain or exploit DNA or other genetic material acquired through such programs , " the letter said . CIA spokesman Dean Boyd told CNN on Monday that Brennan established the policy "  after carefully considering a variety of views , including those from outside the agency . He took seriously the concerns raised by the public health community , examined them closely , and took decisive action . " Boyd also said it "  is important to note that militant groups have a long history of attacking humanitarian aid workers in Pakistan and those attacks began years before the raid against the bin Laden compound . " By publicizing the policy , he said the CIA hopes to "  dispel one canard that militant groups have used as justification for cowardly attacks against vaccination providers , " noting that the agency "  has great respect for the vital work that vaccination workers perform around the globe . " National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden confirmed Monaco 's letter to the school deans and its contents .	Policy was put into place last August following concerns raised by health school deans Vaccination ruse was part of effort to get Osama bin Laden in Pakistan in 2011 Health school deans said one group had to pull out of its polio vaccine program CIA said it seriously considered the concerns and then acted
New York  CNN  -- Jazz master Wynton Marsalis says the blues is the true American music -- the heartbeat and unifying principle of jazz , country , R&B , gospel and other styles -- but it 's been relegated to the back of the bus by greed and the legacy of racism . Marsalis grew up in New Orleans , Louisiana , son of Dolores and Ellis Marsalis . He was a trumpet prodigy , surrounded by top-notch musicians and steeped in the city 's eclectic music . He was encouraged to excel by his father , a jazz pianist who instilled in his son a love of musical excellence and integrity . Marsalis plays classical and jazz music with equal mastery . He is artistic director of Jazz at Lincoln Center and has won nine Grammy Awards and the Pulitzer Prize in music . He will be awarded the French Legion of Honor on November 6 . In an interview Tuesday , Marsalis talked to CNN.com about the primary position of the blues in American music . The blues is our root music , American born-and-bred , but it 's been treated like a stepchild of dubious origin , granted only secondary status , in Marsalis ' view . It suffuses Broadway , Tin Pan Alley , rock 'n' roll , country-western , gospel , bluegrass and more , but never got its financial due or the respect it deserves . Marsalis says that 's because of racism -- it was the music of a whole people granted only secondary status -- and its inability to make a lot of money . He also talks about his father , how slavery has affected the nation , and some lessons to be learned from jazz . CNN : You have a DVD out called "  Willie Nelson and Wynton Marsalis Play the Music of Ray Charles . " That 's jazz , country and R&B . What do those styles have in common ? WYNTON MARSALIS : The blues . It runs through all American music . Somebody bending the note . The other is the two-beat groove . It 's in New Orleans music , it 's in jazz , it 's in country music , it 's in gospel . The other is the down-home sensibility that 's sophisticated . That 's why Louis Armstrong could play with Jimmy Rogers . Ray Charles is actually the embodiment . He and Willie Nelson came ` round in young manhood at a time in the late '40s early 1950s when all of the American music , root music , was all combined . It became segregated in the mid - to late - '50s . Carl Perkins had a hit in 1955 -- "  Blue Suede Shoes . " It was on the R&B charts , it was on the country charts , it was No. 1 on the rock and roll charts . -LSB- It was -RSB- basically the same music , so there was an intersection point . It 's like in cuisine , that would be like fried chicken and red beans and rice , it would be like potato salad and barbecued ribs . Someone in Texas not going to eat barbecued ribs ? CNN : What led to the compartmentalization of these kinds of music , that came from the same roots ? MARSALIS : Money and racism . I do n't know which one came first . CNN : Why was blues not regarded as something of value in this country ? MARSALIS : It came from who we did n't like . That 's what it was -- it was n't that we could n't see it . Who it came from , we did not like them . CNN : So do you include African-Americans in that ? So black people did n't appreciate it ? MARSALIS : They did n't appreciate it . They do n't now . That 's part of the whole kind of self-hatred that comes from that type of slavery that the black American still labors under . That racism was heavy . The legacy of it -- it was n't just 50 years . It was seven generations , and if a generation is 33 years , ... seven or eight -LSB- generations -RSB- . That 's a long time . And to recover from it has proven to be very difficult . CNN : So is that what 's going on with rap ? MARSALIS : No question . Rap is the repetition of the minstrel show . But it 's not going to go away , it was too many people . If it had been 100,000 people , it can go away . ... But it ca n't be millions of people and their descendants . -LSB- Slavery -RSB- was a very powerful and successful system . And it went on for a long time . In the aftermath of slavery ... there was a retrenching , and -LSB- it turned into -RSB- the type of racism that was experienced by people who came to the North . That consciousness has begun to shift , in the last 30 years . And that 's 20 or 30 years of just thawing and shifting that 's attached to 330 years -LSB- of slavery -RSB- , and the thought you can get up and you will be better ... that 's just asinine , it 's absurd . CNN : But did n't the blues come from this , being marginalized ? MARSALIS : The blues was like a solution to that , an antidote to it . But the blues is not only Afro-American music . CNN : So , you 've written that it 's not just African , it 's American . What about America gave rise to the blues ? MARSALIS : It is America . It 's that combination , those tensions , the east-west tensions , the kind of tension of being a slave in the land of freedom , and the land of freedom itself , the Western mind , the concept of soloing across time , the call-and-response of democracy , direct call and response , the kind of optimism that is American in nature , is in the blues . There are elements in it that are African and there are elements of the American take on Europeanism . It 's integrated , it 's like a person whose DNA is integrated . You start to try to figure it out -- but you ca n't . That 's how the blues is , that 's why it fits with everything , country-western , bluegrass -- everybody 's playing the same music . CNN : You write that jazz leaves room for individual creativity , but you have to listen and allow the other musicians to participate equally . So what 's the lesson for the nation ? MARSALIS : We have to have an overall cultural objective , which we do n't have . ... We then fight under the flag of a position , the left or the right , black or white , old or young . It 's very simplistic . We do n't know our cultural history , we do n't know we are together , and because we do n't know we are together we ca n't act in that way . And that 's the main thing our music , and the history of our music , can teach us as a nation . The one concept that has to be at the heart of the American experiment is integrity . The integrity of the process is very important . If you come up on the bandstand you have to be at least trying to swing . If you do n't really want to swing or play with the musicians , there 's nothing they can do , because you have the freedom to destroy it . CNN : Your father set an example . It sounds like you got a lot of your ideas about integrity from him . MARSALIS : Yes , he sure did . From him . He was n't segregated about any music , he did n't care , you could play pop music , funk , he 'd say "  right , great man . " He was a jazz musician . He was n't uptight and always railing about somebody . What he did was very clear , and what he thought about being a man , he did n't look at a boy like that . I remember he sat in with our funk band one time . ... We 'd go to his gig , there 'd be six people . We 'd go to our gig , there 'd be thousands of people , dancing having a good time . We were playing a dance at a high school , he did n't know any of the music , but he played all of the music we had . We were laughing , we said , my daddy did n't know any of the music and he did n't know any of the tunes but he was playing better than us . CNN : When you were playing in a funk band in high school , did you look at your jazz musician dad as old school ? MARSALIS : No , no , never , I never suffered from that misconception , because he was so much hipper than the people I was around . Philosophically , he knew more than we did . I 'd bring people to see him . He never tried to act like a child , like a kid . I never thought I knew more than him , he was on the case . CNN : What are the components of jazz ? MARSALIS : The main three components are the blues , improvisation -- which is some kind of element that people are trying to make it up -- and swing , which means even though they 're making up music , they 're trying to make it up together . It feels great , like you 're having a great conversation with somebody . Sometimes you get in a good coordinated groove , and it just continues to happen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Wynton Marsalis .	Wynton Marsalis : The blues is at the root of all American music , but was never given its due Marsalis : Blues unappreciated by blacks and whites alike , due to racism and money Slavery was 330 years , shift away from racism 's effects only in past 30 years He says Americans do n't know their cultural history : There are solutions to divisions
CNN  -- Researchers have discovered a previously unknown group of rare monkeys in the forests of Vietnam . The Tonkin snub-nosed monkeys were so skittish , researchers captured a photo of only one : an adult male . Several biologists caught fleeting glimpses of about 15 or 20 Tonkin snub-nosed monkeys in a remote area near the Chinese frontier , the wildlife conservation group Fauna & Flora International said Thursday . The "  bizarre-looking " monkeys -- on the brink of extinction -- were so skittish around people that researchers were able to snap a photo of just one of them : an adult male scampering through the trees . The monkeys were "  very sensitive to the presence of people , giving warning signs to one another and fleeing " whenever biologists approached , the group said in a statement . "  It was apparent that the monkeys associated humans with danger -- perhaps due to ongoing threats from hunters , " the group said . So few Tonkin snub-nosed monkeys have survived in the wild that scientists thought until recently that they were extinct . Now they estimate that roughly 200 remain , mainly in parts of northern Vietnam near the Chinese border . Hunters with a taste for bush meat and the loss of habitat have pushed the Tonkin snub-nosed monkey toward extinction , according to the International Union for the Conservation of Nature . It classifies the primate as critically endangered "  because its population size is estimated to number fewer than 250 mature individuals , with no subpopulation greater than 50 mature individuals , and it is experiencing a continuing decline . " Fauna & Flora said it is working with a variety of groups to improve the livelihoods and "  reduce human pressures on the forest ecosystem " in an effort to safeguard the newly discovered group , which was spotted in a patch of forest in the Quan Ba district of Vietnam 's Ha Giang province . The sighting thrilled conservation biologist Le Khac Quyet , described by Fauna & Flora as "  one of the few people in the world who can claim to be an expert on this mysterious species " and as the person credited with discovering the new group of that species . "  When I saw the Tonkin snub-nosed monkeys ... I was overjoyed , " he said in the Fauna & Flora statement . "  There is still time to save this unique species , but with just 200 or so left and threats still strong , we need to act now . "	About 15 or 20 Tonkin snub-nosed monkeys seen near Chinese frontier Population thought to be "  fewer than 250 mature individuals , " wildlife group says Group says monkeys fled humans , possibly because of hunting To save species , "  we need to act now , " conservation biologist says
CNN  -- Boeing is asking pilots who fly its 737 jets to pay careful attention to flight instruments after Dutch investigators said a faulty altimeter contributed to the recent crash of a 737 in the Netherlands . Turkish Airlines Flight 1951 broke into three pieces near Schiphol Airport on February 25 . The 737 is the most widely flown jet in commercial aviation . More than 6,000 have been sold , according to Boeing . "  Boeing reminds all operators to make sure flight crews pay close attention to all primary flight controls during critical stages of a flight , " Boeing spokesman Jim Proulx told CNN on Thursday . On February 25 , Turkish Airlines Flight 1951 from Istanbul to Amsterdam dropped from the sky on approach to the landing strip at Schiphol Airport , breaking into three pieces in a muddy field . Nine people died and 80 people were hurt in the accident . In a memo to pilots , Boeing says there was a malfunction in one of the plane 's two altimeters , which measure the altitude above the terrain where the plane is going to land . The left altimeter was giving "  erroneous " information , indicating that the plane was below 7 or 8 feet from ground level when it was actually about 2,000 feet in the air , the memo said . That caused the automatic throttles to slow the plane down . "  Boeing recommends operators inform flight crews of the above investigation details and the  Dutch Safety Board  interim report when it is released . In addition , crews should be reminded to carefully monitor primary flight instruments , " the memo said . The plane was on automatic pilot when it crashed , said Pieter van Vollenhoven , head of the Dutch Safety Board . The weather was misty at the time of the crash , possibly keeping the pilots from noticing their altitude , Van Vollenhoven said . Automatic pilot should not be used for landings if altimeters are malfunctioning , he said . Dutch investigators said there had been faulty meter readings on two other flights of the same jet , but the pilots were able to land . In the Amsterdam crash , the pilots did not recognize the altimeter problem until it was too late , Van Vollenhoven said . The Boeing memo notes that "  the autothrottle , which uses the left radio altimeter data , transitioned to landing flare mode and retarded the throttles to the idle stop . The throttles remained at the idle stop for approximately 100 seconds during which time the airspeed decreased to approximately 40 knots below the selected approach speed . " Proulx said he did not know what that speed was for that particular 737 model . The warning issued by Boeing was for many other models of 737 jets , not just the 737-800 involved in the Amsterdam crash .	Boeing urges 737 pilots to pay careful attention to flight instruments Dutch investigators said a faulty altimeter contributed to Netherlands crash Erroneous altitude data caused automatic throttles to slow the plane down The Turkish Airlines jet broke into three pieces on impact , killing nine people
CNN  -- A 32-year-old Texas man was killed Saturday in a shark attack while scuba diving off the coast of Western Australia , police said . The man was scuba diving with two friends near Rottnest Island , considered a popular tourist destination located about 15 miles off the mainland , when the attack occurred . The friends , who were not in the water at the time , noticed an abnormal amount of air bubbles rise to the surface from where the man was diving followed by a plume of blood , according to police spokesman Michael Wear . Moments later , the man 's body rose to the surface , Wear said . The man is believed to have been killed by a great white shark , authorities said after a preliminary review of the teeth marks . "  He was in the water by himself , I believe , " Sgt. Greg True told CNN affiliate Channel Nine . "  There 's been some pretty massive injuries inflicted . " Police say the man succumbed to his injuries shortly after the attack . The victim 's name was not immediately released , pending notification of family members . He had been living in Western Australia . Saturday 's attack is the second fatal shark attack in the past two weeks near the capital of Perth . CNN 's Jeremy Ryan contributed to this report	NEW : The man was scuba diving with friends at the time of the attack NEW : Authorities believe a great white shark inflicted "  massive injuries " The attack occurred near Rottnest Island in Western Australia
CNN  -- The figure peers down silently from an upper floor of the ruins of a Scottish castle , wearing what looks like an outfit from the Middle Ages . Could this be a long-dead Scottish earl , or just a random , modern-day visitor ? The mysterious image captured by Chris Aitchison at Tantallon Castle in eastern Scotland . The eerie image is captured in a photograph taken by tourist Christopher Aitchison in May 2008 at Tantallon Castle , which sits on a rocky outcrop along the Scottish coast , east of Edinburgh . The "  person " appears to be wearing an old-style greenish ruff around the neck . Aitchison insists he did not tamper with the image and can not explain it . "  I was not aware of anyone , or anything , being present in my picture , only noticing the anomaly when I got home , " Aitchison said . "  Staff have verified that there were no sinister dummies in period costume or historical reenactments going on that day at the castle . I did not notice any nice old ladies wearing ruffs walking around the stairs ! " The picture was made public Friday by Richard Wiseman , a professor of psychology at the University of Hertfordshire who also studies the paranormal . Wiseman said he was looking for "  photographic evidence for ghosts " ahead of a session on the subject at the Edinburgh International Science Festival next week . See gallery of haunted photographs " Wiseman solicited such photos from around the world and collated them for the conference . He said the majority of images showed mysterious-looking orbs , mists , figures and faces . In one picture , a face appears in the side-view mirror of a parked Mercedes convertible . The photographer insists no one was around when he took the picture ; skeptics say the mirror could be reflecting the headrest or be the result of digital manipulation . Another photo of a person walking through a creek in the woods appears to show a second person wearing a hooded sweatshirt , standing on a rock nearby . Skeptics say the "  figure " is an illusion created by tree branches and the rock formation in the background . Two friends raising a drink to the camera in a third photograph are joined by a ghostly third figure in the background with a face that looks like a Halloween monster mask . "  Many of the photographs can be easily explained , " said photographer Gordon Rutter , who also examined the pictures . "  Orbs can be caused by the camera flash reflecting off tiny dust particles , mists can result from condensed breath in front of the lens , long exposures can create ghostly figures , and apparent faces are often people seeing patterns in random shapes . " But the "  ghost " in the Scottish castle has generated the most attention . What do you think about the image ? Tantallon Castle was built in the 1350s by a nobleman and soon became the stronghold of the Douglas dynasty . For 300 years , the Douglas earls of Angus held sway at the castle as one of the most powerful families in Scotland , according to Historic Scotland , which looks after historic sites for the Scottish government . The castle also was the scene of violence , enduring three great sieges : in 1491 , 1528 and 1651 . The last , by Oliver Cromwell 's army , resulted in such destruction that the fortress was abandoned . It remains the "  last truly great castle " built in Scotland , with enormously thick and high stone walls enclosing large courtyards , and high stone towers . That stonework could explain the mysterious figure in the photograph , having caused unusual shadows . It is also possible that a member of the public was standing there when the picture was taken , Wiseman said -- in which case , he hopes they will come forward . "  I think it 's probably a person who 's been caught in slightly odd dress , " Wiseman told CNN . "  We know the day it was taken ... so somebody might come forward to say , ` That was me . ' " He added , "  If they can explain it , e-mail me . Or indeed , if they have photos they think are better , e-mail them to me . " A similar mystery happened five years ago at another medieval site , Hampton Court Palace , built by King Henry VIII west of London . A security camera captured a figure in period dress opening a window , peering out , then closing it again . Palace officials insisted at the time that no one was in the room , and they were at a loss to explain the figure . It later emerged that a member of staff wearing a medieval costume was the person in the video .	Photograph taken by Christopher Aitchison in May 2008 at Tantallon Castle The "  person " appears to be wearing an old-style greenish ruff around the neck Aitchison insists he did not tamper with the image Picture made public by a psychology professor who studies the paranormal
CNN  -- In 2004 , a bullet ripped away Connie Culp 's nose , cheeks and upper jaw . Metal fragments sprayed into her skull and stripped her face away , leaving nothing except for her eyes , her chin and forehead . Culp , an Ohio mother of two , lost the mid-portion of her face after a gunshot wound in September 2004 . Without her nose , she could not smell . She breathed through a tracheostomy -- a surgical opening in her neck . Without lips , she could barely speak . But Tuesday , when Culp , 46 , the first recipient of a face transplant in the United States , stepped in front of the cameras at a news conference , she was whole . In a soft voice , the Ohio mother of two repeatedly thanked the medical staff and the deceased donor whose nose , upper lip , cheekbones are now hers . "  I want to focus on the donor family that allowed me to have this Christmas present , " she told reporters gathered at the Cleveland Clinic , where her surgery took place . Watch Culp talk about the surgery " In December , Culp underwent a 22-hour transplant surgery . Although the hospital announced the facial transplant at that time , the patient had remained anonymous until the news conference . During the surgery , tissue from a deceased donor 's face was shaped and fitted into position . Multiple layers of tissue , bone , muscle and blood vessels , nerve grafts and each artery and vein were connected . Culp received a nose , lower eyelids and upper lips , as doctors filled in the missing components of her face . Culp could not yet move her facial muscles to form a smile , but she laughed . "  Well , I got me my nose . " she quipped . Two months after the surgery , Culp was discharged from the hospital and returned home . Before the surgery , Culp could not eat solid foods . She could not taste . "  Connie can now enjoy her food , " said Dr. Maria Siemionow , who led the transplant operation . "  She eats hamburgers and enjoys her pizzas , she 's drinking coffee from the cup . " Her new face allows her to "  blend with society . " "  As you can see we have now a healthy person and happy person , " Siemionow said . "  She has reduced dramatically her pain and also she 's able to walk on the street without being called names . " Since the operation , doctors say Culp 's new face has developed more movement . The new facial nerves are growing slowly , about an inch a month . See before and after photos of Connie Culp " "  While Connie can do several things now that she was unable to do in the past , as time goes on more and more of the facial nerves will grow , " said Dr. Frank Papay , chairman of the Dermatology and Plastic Surgery Institute at the Cleveland Clinic . "  She will become more animated . " For years , Culp lived "  in tremendous pain , chronic pain , over the entire time , " said Siemionow , director of plastic face transplant surgery research and head of microsurgery training at the hospital . Culp told a local television station in a 2008 interview that she had been shot in the face from just eight feet away in an attempted murder-suicide by her husband . In 2005 , Culp came to the Cleveland Clinic for treatment . After 30 surgical procedures , none had restored her basic functions . "  The last resort and the last option was to consider face transplantation , " said Siemionow . Transplant recipients have to take immunosuppressing , anti-rejection drugs for the rest of their life . After the hospital 's surgeons , ethical committee members , psychiatry and psychology specialists met with Culp , they decided "  that Connie is the right patient , " Siemionow said . Doctors involved in Culp 's treatment said the surgery was not about aesthetics , but to restore Culp 's basic abilities . "  We are actually overwhelmed by how great she 's doing functionally , " Siemionow said . "  And I 'm re-emphasizing that this is all about functional outcome . Someone who could n't breathe through the nose , who could n't eat solid foods , did n't have a palate or not able to drink from a cup . ... So if she can do all these functions that are taken for granted on a daily basis , this is amazing . " Although there is a risk Culp 's body could still reject the transplant , the doctors said they have not seen such signs . Some critics say face transplants are unnecessary , because they are risky procedures involving a lifetime of immunosuppressants , that do not save a person 's life , but improve an individual 's appearance . Previous face transplants performed in Europe and Asia generated controversy . A Chinese man whose face was disfigured in a bear attack died of unknown causes two years after receiving the face transplant . The fact that Culp regained some of her basic functions highlights that "  this is not cosmetic surgery in any sense of the word , " said Dr. Eric Kodish , the professor and chairman of the Cleveland Clinic 's Department of Bioethics . "  We remain convinced about the ethical justification for the face transplant in this and potentially in other cases in the future . " Ultimately , the face transplant affords an individual 's "  right to decide what kind of life they want to live . " Many with facial disfigurements are called names , ca n't go out in public or wear masks to hide their face , said Siemionow . In Culp 's case , it was a matter of restoring basic physical abilities . "  If you can breathe through your nose in the spring in Cleveland , is n't that amazing ? " said Siemionow . Culp will require a few more cosmetic procedures , for example to remove excess skin from her face . Culp read a statement and did not take questions . She told reporters in the news conference that she had been shot and said , "  I do n't want to go into it . " Then she asked the public to have empathy for people with facial disfigurements . "  When somebody do n't look as pretty as you do , do n't judge them , " she said . "  You do n't know what might happen to you . Do n't judge the people who do n't look the same way as you do . You never know when it may be taken away from you . "	An Ohio woman who suffered gunshot wound is first U.S. face transplant recipient Connie Culp regained breathing and speaking ability after transplant Doctors say she has shown major medical improvements
CNN  -- In recent days , the South Carolina Republican primary has been referred to as the Super Bowl , ground zero and even "  Armageddon . " This hyperbole has been matched by the outrageous amount of money being spent here on political TV advertising : $ 11.3 million . Why ? There is a lot at stake in Saturday 's contest , and the campaigns know it . Without a strong finish , candidates will find that cash , supporters and key endorsements dry up . With it , they 'll live to fight another day . Either way , South Carolina Republicans will most likely continue their tradition of picking the candidate who turns out to be the GOP nominee , something they have done since 1980 . Here is a political primer from an actual South Carolinian who is a veteran of many of these battles : First : Does the South Carolina GOP primary deserve its reputation as a take-no-prisoners , bare-knuckled battleground , like the media keep saying ? Yes . Post-New Hampshire , my tweet urged the candidates to "  bring their big boy pants . " We have a long tradition here of hard-hitting attacks , both on the air and below the radar . This year is no different . We do n't just pick a candidate , we pick presidents here in South Carolina . Most of the campaigning is done in 15 GOP-leaning counties , which account for 80 % of the vote , with a focus on a "  Super Seven " that make up more than 52 % of the vote . Those seven pit the Upstate social conservatives against the laissez-faire crowd along the Coast . In South Carolina , we do n't register by parties ; the GOP primary is open to all those who call themselves Republicans . Our voters are a much more diverse group than those in Iowa and New Hampshire . Yes , Christian conservatives dominate the GOP here , but victory in South Carolina means you have successfully appealed to a wide variety of Republican concerns . It means you have the support of fiscal conservatives  Coast and Upstate  , social conservatives  Upstate and all around  , transplanted retirees  Upstate and Coastal Low Country  , business owners  Statewide  and veterans  Midlands and Coast  . Yes , many of us do cling to our Bibles , our guns , and also to our status as a right-to-work state . We are not big fans of the federal government .  Example : The National Labor Relations Board recently tried to prevent Boeing from building a multibillion-dollar plant in Charleston that would create thousands of jobs because the board 's counsel said Boeing was punishing workers in Washington state for union activity ; the NLRB has since dropped the case .  But I would be lying if I said the majority of South Carolina GOP voters are strongly anti-government . Most here think there is a role for the government , but we disagree on just how big it should be . Like everywhere else , the key issue here is jobs . Yes , social issues matter a lot to voters . Immigration reform matters . Taxes and defense issues matter . But jobs and economic development matter most in 2012 . Our 9.9 % statewide unemployment puts us ahead of the national average and is partially due to a lack of jobs in rural areas . And yet , other areas are doing fairly well . Consider that this past week , BMW announced a new $ 900 million investment that is expected to bring 300 new jobs , for starters , to Spartanburg in the Upstate . Along with the German automaker , we are also home to Michelin , Hitachi , Boeing  no thanks to the NLRB  , Milliken and many other manufacturers . We have thousands of small-business owners who take personal and professional risks every single day , creating jobs and opportunities for their families and communities . It is against this backdrop that close to 400,000 voters will cast their ballots Saturday . Each is really focused on one overriding theme : beating President Obama . They will come from across the GOP spectrum , not just those hard-core ideologues that seem to make the most news . To give you an example , consider that on Sunday , Mitt Romney secured the endorsement of The Greenville News , in the heart of the social conservatives . Jon Huntsman , before dropping out of the race , received the endorsement of The State , of Columbia . Rick Perry and Newt Gingrich are doing their best to recover from missteps and misstatements , and , well , Ron Paul is Ron Paul . And of course , Rick Santorum is hoping to somehow capitalize on the support of the faith-based community after a conclave of evangelical leaders in Texas threw their support to him this past weekend . This will be more difficult with Perry and Gingrich still in the race , splitting the evangelical vote . As for results , barring a major mistake , I think Romney -- who is , and has consistently been , running well ahead of his rivals -- will be the last man standing here Saturday night . And once again , South Carolina will have done her job . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hollis Felkel .	Hollis Felkel : South Carolina primary winner historically ends up with GOP presidential nod He says GOP there dominated by Christian conservatives , but engaged on diverse issues He says right-to-work , immigration , tax and defense issues matter , but mostly jobs Felkel : Regions of state may differ on candidates , but GOP united on wanting to beat Obama
CNN  -- Ghana international Michael Essien has followed goalkeeper Petr Cech in agreeing a new five-year contract with English Premier League side Chelsea . Michael Essien has made a big impression on new Chelsea coach Luiz Felipe Scolari . The midfielder , who is in China for the start of the club 's pre-season tour , is now tied to the London outfit until the summer of 2013 . The 25-year-old has made 143 appearances since moving to Stamford Bridge from French club Lyon in a $ 49 million transfer in August 2005 , scoring 14 goals in total and helping Chelsea win the league title that season . Essien 's decision to commit his long-term future to the club is a boost for new manager Luiz Felipe Scolari , who allowed veteran holding midfielder Claude Makelele to join Paris St Germain on Monday . "  I have not been here long but it is clear to me that Michael Essien is one of the best midfield players in the world , " Scolari said . "  I have always admired him and it is good news for me and for Chelsea that he signs for so long . " The Accra-born Essien , who started his career in France with Bastia in 2000 before moving to Lyon three years later , was also pleased with the deal . "  I am really pleased to have extended my career with Chelsea , " he said . "  I am very happy here . We have a great team and fantastic fans who have always made me welcome . "  With the addition of the new manager , I am feeling very positive about the season ahead . " Chelsea announced on Monday that Czech Republic goalkeeper Cech signed a new five-year deal , while England full-back Wayne Bridge committed himself to four more years last week . Scolari is still seeking to keep England midfielder Frank Lampard , who has ended talks over a new deal and now appears to be resigned to waiting until his contract runs out before joining Inter Milan following the upcoming season . The Brazilian has so far added only Portugal playmaker Deco to his midfield ranks . His first match in charge will be Wednesday 's friendly against Guangzhou Pharmaceutical , one of the three games the team will play in China . Striker Didier Drogba , who has been linked with moves to AC Milan and Barcelona , is not among the touring squad due to a recurring knee problem . Khalid Boulahrouz , meanwhile , completed his transfer from Chelsea to Stuttgart on a four-year contract with the Bundesliga club . The Netherlands central defender was released Monday by Chelsea and arrived in Stuttgart 's training camp in Austria shortly before midnight after passing a medical exam in Stuttgart . The deal between Stuttgart and Chelsea was completed Tuesday . Details were not given . The Dutchman played for Hamburger SV for two seasons before going to Chelsea in 2006 . He was loaned to FC Sevilla last season . Boulahrouz 's departure came a day after 35-year-old former France international Claude Makelele signed a two-year deal with Paris-Saint Germain after joining from Chelsea on a free transfer .	Ghana international Michael Essien signs new five-year contract with Chelsea Midfielder follows Petr Cech and Wayne Bridge in agreeing long-term deals The 25-year-old has made 143 appearances since joining from Lyon in 2005 Dutch defender Khalid Boulahrouz leaves Chelsea for Stuttgart on 4-year deal
CNN  -- It 's probably one of the more unusual incidents air traffic investigators have looked into , but the good news is that when a pilot 's prosthetic arm fell off during landing , no one got hurt . The 46-year-old pilot lost control in dark and windy conditions while bringing a Flybe airline turboprop plane with 47 passengers into Belfast City Airport in Northern Ireland . A report released Thursday by Britain 's Air Accident Investigation Branch said the unnamed pilot 's false limb became detached as he performed a "  flare manoeuver " in which the nose of the plane is raised . The pilot managed to regain control and make a "  heavy landing , " it said . The February 12 incident resulted in no injuries among the passengers or four crew , but triggered an investigation . "  As he made the flare manoeuvre ... his prosthetic limb became detached from the yoke clamp , depriving him of control of the aircraft , " the report said . "  He made a rapid assessment of the situation and considered alerting the co-pilot and instructing him to take control . " However , it said , because the co-pilot would not have time to take stock of what was happening , he decided the best option was to continue one-handed . ` Safety checks ' "  He did this , but with power still applied , and possibly a gust affecting the aircraft , a normal touchdown was followed by a bounce , from which the aircraft landed heavily . " The report made no comment on the incident but concluded with the pilot 's own pledge to be "  more cautious about checking the attachment on his prosthesis . " It said he would also brief his co-pilots about the possibility of a similar event occurring in the future . Flybe , a UK-based low cost airline , said it had carried out its own investigation and had put into place additional safety measures . "  Flybe is proud to be an equal opportunities employer , " it said in a statement . "  This , in common with most airlines , means we do employ staff with reduced physical abilities . Where appropriate , and in accordance with UK Civil Aviation Authority requirements , this does include pilots . " It said the pilot was a senior captain and one of its "  most experienced and trusted " pilots . "  Following the incident , Flybe immediately undertook a detailed internal investigation from which it determined a series of additional fail-safe safety checks . "  These were rigorously tested and instigated immediately to ensure that this type of incident could not happen again . " Carpenter who cut off his fingers makes ` Robohand ' with 3-D printer How a 3-D printed arm gave hope to boy maimed in bomb blast	Investigation launched after pilot 's prosthetic arm became detached while landing a passenger plane at Belfast City Airport Plane carrying 47 passengers and a crew of four made a safe "  but heavy " landing after pilot regained control Low-cost carrier Flybe said it had put additional safety checks into place following February 12 incident
CNN  -- First lady Michelle Obama got into the Christmas spirit Saturday by helping field phone calls from excited children eagerly tracking Santa and his sleigh full of toys across the world . "  I 've spotted a little dot , flashing dot that is over -- right now , Santa 's sleigh is over the country of Latvia . And he 's delivering toys there , " Obama told three siblings . "  It looks like he 's got all nine reindeer with him . And it looks like that sleigh is pretty full -- yep , that 's what the experts here are saying . " Obama took the phone calls from Hawaii where the first family is vacationing for Christmas . She helped track Santa 's toy delivery route via a Google map specially created each year by the North American Aerospace Command , also known as NORAD . A tiny Santa icon is used to show his current location while a countdown clock below the map lets users know where he 'll take his sleigh next . Most of the children she spoke to were more concerned with finding out Santa 's whereabouts than talking to the first lady , but one parent appeared to catch Obama by surprise when he asked , "  What do you want for Christmas this year from Santa ? " "  Oh , my goodness , " Obama replied . "  I have what I wanted for Christmas : the president is here with us , and we 're all together as a family . I think we were all praying and praying , and asking Santa , and the Tooth Fairy , and every fairy that they could think of -- that 's what Malia and Sasha were doing -- that he would be able to be with us on Christmas . " The president had delayed joining his family in Hawaii until Congress passed a deal to extend the payroll tax cut . He departed Washington on Friday shortly after signing the two-month extension . The NORAD Santa tracker started by accident in 1955 when a Sears ad misprinted Santa 's supposed telephone number . A child who dialed the number instead reached what was then called the Continental Air Defense Command and the commander on duty played along , beginning the tradition . For the second year in a row , Obama was one of the 1,200 volunteers who answer phone calls and e-mails from children around the world .	Michelle Obama answers phone calls for NORAD 's Santa tracker She tells one caller she has already gotten what she wanted : her family is together NORAD 's Santa tracker started by accident in 1955
CNN  -- Tens of thousands of Syrians marched Sunday in memory of anti-government protesters killed on Friday , calling them "  martyrs " and chanting for freedom , demonstrators told CNN . "  The area was so packed with thousands of people it was difficult to move , " said human rights activist Wissam Tarif , calling it "  the biggest crowd I have ever seen since the unrest started . " After eight victims were buried , protesters shouted slogans including , "  The people demand the fall of the regime , " Tarif said . Other demonstrators chanted , "  With our blood , with our souls , we will sacrifice for you martyrs , " at the Grand Mosque in the Damascus suburb of Douma , the site of Friday 's protest , another eyewitness said . National security forces left the marchers alone because the dead had been declared martyrs , the source said , requesting not to be named for safety reasons . The government did not immediately confirm there had been a march or that security forces had steered clear . The Damascus Center for Human Rights Studies said Sunday that 123 people have died since the start of the unrest in Syria last month . Opposition leaders circulated a list of demands , saying that if the regime were to respond positively , they would not call for the government 's collapse . The demands include the immediate release of political prisoners , lifting of emergency and martial law , and withdrawal of intelligence forces from Syrian cities . Syrian President Bashar al-Assad appointed a new prime minister earlier on Sunday . Adel Safar , a former academic with a doctorate in biotechnology , was agriculture minister for eight years before being appointed to lead the government , the state news agency said . The government resigned last week in the face of protests that have left at least dozens dead . Al-Assad accepted their resignations on Tuesday , but made no further concessions in a widely anticipated speech to the nation on Wednesday . At least 15 people were killed in Douma on Friday , Tarif said Sunday . He based his tally on calls to hospitals and relatives of the victims , he said . Eight people were buried Sunday , he added . Another person was killed in Al Sanameen near Daraa , activists said earlier . The anti-regime demonstrations pulsating across Syria resulted in a security hunt for armed snipers and a wave of arrests Saturday . Syrian security forces were searching for members of an "  armed group " that killed "  a number of citizens and security forces " in Douma on Friday , the Syrian Arab News Agency reported on Saturday . SANA reported that a girl was killed when the armed group opened fire on civilians in the city of Homs . The agency cited an official source as saying that snipers from the group fired at citizens and security forces from rooftops . "  Security forces are pursuing the members of the armed group that terrorized the citizens through firing randomly , " SANA reported , citing the source without identifying the official or the alleged armed group . Activists and witnesses dispute the government account , telling CNN that government snipers fired shots at unarmed protesters and government forces beat demonstrators . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said security forces in the volatile southern city of Daraa and in Homs arrested about 20 people on Saturday after demonstrations the day before . Along with the protests in Douma , Daraa , Homs and Al Sanameen , people also took to the streets in Latakia , Baniyas and Kamishli on Friday , activists told CNN . Before Friday 's fighting , dozens of people were killed in the last two weeks across Syria , with many deaths reported in the southern city of Daraa , where popular demonstrations started , and the coastal city of Latakia , activists say . The list of opposition demands circulated Sunday called for a decree guaranteeing the right to peaceful demonstrations and the "  termination of all threatening and intimidating acts against our sons and daughters in our schools whether by school staff or secret service agents in and around the schools and to refrain from obliging them to participate in demonstrations supporting the regime . " It called for an amended constitution accommodating "  a multi-party democracy " and guaranteeing "  basic human rights , " the establishment "  of a truly independent judiciary system , " freedom of information and expression and an end to "  the existing corruption in Syria . " CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Yousuf Basil and Caroline Faraj contributed to this report	NEW : A rights group says 123 people have died in the violence Syrian opposition demands include release of political prisoners , freedom of expression It 's the biggest crowd one activist has seen since protests started Syria 's president appoints Adel Safar as prime minister
CNN  -- Three years ago , I was just another American working mom when a famous Chinese publisher , CITIC Press , contacted me to write a book for China 's single ladies . At first I was n't sure if I was the right person for the task . Yes , I 'm ethnic Chinese , but I 'm Chinese-American . How could I write something useful for women in China ? But after CITIC pursued me for a year , I agreed . My resulting book , "  Do Not Marry Before Age 30 , " became a best-seller in China and has become embedded in its pop culture and urban consciousness . My life has also changed . I 've developed a burning passion for empowering Chinese women , and I now work full-time in China 's booming fashion and lifestyle media . All this has given me an intimate look at urban Chinese women , their lives and their dreams . Chinese women want what all women want Many Chinese women now are well-educated -- in fact , Businessweek reported that U.S. business school enrollment is driven by women from China . Naturally , these women want to put their education to good use in their careers . In their marriages , they also have new dreams . They do n't want a traditional Chinese marriage based on responsibility . They want love . Reality dating shows are legion in China , and like the idealistic Charlotte in the American TV show "  Sex and the City , " Chinese women want to "  dream the impossible dream . " In short , Chinese women today want what all women want -- great careers , true love , and maybe , a child who 's happy and successful  most Chinese women are still restricted to having one child under government policy  . Sex and power are deeply intertwined in China The current generation of women is caught in a transitional moment in Chinese history . For thousands of years , Chinese society has been structured around the family unit . Men were the heads of household , women the caregivers . Women lived to please others . Now , there is an epic clash unfolding in Chinese society between women 's newfound dreams and traditional notions of a woman 's role . The title of my book , "  Do Not Marry Before Age 30 , " is an attack on the fact that women in China face brutal social pressure to marry by age 27 lest they be labeled "  leftover women . " In China , sex and power are deeply intertwined . Concubine culture lives on , whereby mistresses are an acceptable and even expected accoutrement for men in power . Chinese social media regularly features photos of corrupt government officials with their mistresses . Perhaps inevitably in a society where power avails men of women , sexual harassment and domestic violence are rampant . Women 's media are the messengers of history Ancient traditions are codified into a range of laws in China that are unfair to women . But in a culture where women always have been second-class , laws will change only when enough women recognize their own selves and say "  I 'm not gon na take it anymore ! " That 's where pop media comes in . Naomi Wolf wrote in "  The Beauty Myth " that American women 's magazines were the "  first messengers in history to address the majority of women ... to tell them they have a right to define themselves first . " This applies equally to China now . That 's why many writers and editors who care about women 's culture are fighting to redefine beauty in China , show that strong is beautiful , and profile women who 've ignored the rules , defined their own lives , and who as a result are lovely and amazing at every age . Abuse thrives in silence , and the only way to overcome injustice is for us all to start truly connecting with our own selves and with those around us . Women 's media prompts the dialogue needed in order for change to happen . We 're all making culture now . It 's up to each one of us to ensure the culture we create is based on dignity and mutual respect for everyone . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joy Chen .	Chinese women want what all women want : great careers , true love , maybe a child Clash between Chinese women 's newfound dreams and traditional notions of female role in society Chinese women 's media is helping women redefine themselves
Moscow  CNN  -- A cargo train derailed Tuesday and crashed into a passenger train near Moscow , killing several passengers and wounding dozens , officials said . The Russian Healthcare Ministry reported that six people died in the crash . State-run news agency ITAR-Tass said nine were killed , according to the Moldovan Ministry of Transport . Of the 45 people injured in the crash , 18 were taken to hospitals , and five are in critical condition , ITAR-Tass reported . The accident took place near Naro-Fominsk , southwest of Moscow , the Emergency Ministry told CNN . Thirteen cars of the freight train derailed and crashed into a passenger train traveling from Moscow to Chisinau , "  eventually overturning three of the train 's cars with people inside , " ITAR-Tass reported . Rail traffic in and out of Moscow 's southwest was suspended , the report said . A total of 394 tickets were purchased for the passenger train , the Interior Ministry said . Oil tank cars derail , burn in Virginia	NEW : There are conflicting reports of the death toll A cargo train derailed and crashed into a passenger train The accident occurred southwest of Moscow
CNN  -- Marussia will head into the 2012 Formula One season with an untried car after the team 's new MR01 failed a crucial crash test . New regulations introduced by motorsport 's governing body , the FIA , require each car to pass 18 observed crash tests before it can be driven in preseason testing . The Russian-owned team -- formerly known as Virgin -- has now withdrawn from the last official test event in Barcelona this week to focus on passing the final requirement ahead of the season-opening race in Australia on March 18 . "  We are disappointed to confirm that the planned first test of the 2012 race car has been delayed as a consequence of not passing the final FIA crash test , " the Britain-based team said in a statement on Tuesday . Webber vows to challenge champion teammate Vettel "  Despite the fact that the MR01 has passed all 17 of the preceding tests , the regulations require the car to have completed all of the tests before running commences . " The only other team to have failed the 18th test is Marussia 's fellow minnow HRT , but the Spanish marque revealed over the weekend it had now completed all required evaluations . Marussia 's drivers -- experienced German Timo Glock and French rookie Charles Pic -- did take part in last week 's test event , also in Barcelona , but were only able to run the 2011 car . The duo will be hoping to register the team 's first point in Formula One , having finished the last two seasons bottom of the constructors ' table .	Marussia 's 2012 preparations halted as new car fails the 18th and final crash test The MR01 must pass the requirement before being officially tested on a circuit The Russian-owned team will now head into the 2012 season without testing The team , formerly known as Virgin , has yet to score a point in two seasons
CNN  -- Celebrities developed a new reason to fear for their safety in 2008 , thanks to five teenagers from the Valley . Over the course of a year , this group managed to steal a reported $ 3 million worth of goods from the homes of various A-list celebrities . They came to be known as "  The Bling Ring , " and they let nothing stand in the way of their quest for fashion and fame . They wanted to be part of the lives of the celebrities they worshiped and the notoriety they assumed would accompany it . It has been more than three years since the Ring members were arrested and their activities were documented in a 2010 article in Vanity Fair by Nancy Jo Sales . Now the gang is getting their biggest claim to fame yet : a major  	The Bling Ring was a group of teenage robbers who targeted celebrities starting in 2008 This week , Sofia Coppola releases a film based on the true story Paris Hilton , one of the victims , says people need to aspire to something more than fame
CNN  -- It is the scariest diagnosis imaginable . So terrifying , it seems , that many people with early signs of Alzheimer 's disease dwell for years in a state of denial . Sandy Halperin , who was diagnosed with early stage Alzheimer 's at age 60 , is trying to change that . He 's allowing CNN to follow him and his family as he faces his diagnosis bravely . See the first chapter of his story here : http://www.cnn.com/interactive/2014/09/health/sandys-story/ Then join Sandy , Ruth Drew , director of family and information services for the Alzheimer 's Association , and CNN producer Stephanie Smith in the comments section on this page for a discussion on Tuesday , September 23 from 3 to 4 p.m. ET . The comments section will open a few minutes before 3 p.m. and will remain open for an hour .	Join Sandy Halperin from 3 to 4 p.m. ET on Tuesday for a discussion about Alzheimer 's Log-in to your CNN Disqus account to post your comments
LifeWire  -- Practicing the clarinet may be beyond tedious for teenagers forced into music lessons by their parents but for 70-year-old Joe Pedlosky it 's a labor of love . Saxophonist Jerry Hendricks from Olympia , Washington , practices in Cambria , California , in March 2006 "  From the time I was a little kid , I always wanted to play clarinet , " says Pedlosky , a retired scientist in Woods Hole , Massachusetts . "  But we did n't have the money . Then ... I decided it was now or never . " Pedlosky , who plays with a local band , is one of many seniors picking up a musical instrument late in life . Many can thank New Horizons International Music Association , which sponsors senior bands and orchestras in the United States and Canada . The group was founded by Roy Ernst , professor emeritus at the Eastman School of Music in Rochester , New York . When he formed the first senior-only band in 1991 , it was a radical notion . "  It was widely believed that the window of opportunity for learning music was childhood , " Ernst says . "  If you did n't learn then , you missed your chance . " The senior bands prove otherwise . As a matter of fact , these novice musicians give new meaning to the conductor 's command , "  Once more , with feeling . " "  I remember conducting at a senior band camp in California , and we played an arioso by Bach , " recalls Ernst . "  The second time through , two people were crying , they were so touched by the music . "  High school kids could never do what we do , because they have n't lived enough , they have n't seen enough joy or sorrow . We have a special ability to play music expressively and with feeling . " Ernst , who sometimes refers to himself as the Johnny Appleseed of senior bands , made it his goal to bring seniors to music . From just one band in Rochester , New Horizons has grown to more than a hundred bands , plus offshoots from brass quintets to swing ensembles . Music for body and soul Ernst 's passion moved Professor Don Coffman of the University of Iowa to create his own senior band -- and to conduct research into how music can benefit older musicians . His findings : Benefits include social , emotional , physical and even spiritual growth . In part , Coffman found , seniors benefit from being part of a group that works together toward a significant goal . Other plusses can include better ability to focus , increased lung capacity and improved fine motor skills . Dinny Stamp would agree . She 'd played trombone in high school ; after retiring , she attended a performance of Coffman 's Iowa City band and thought , "  I can do that ! " Playing in the band "  has been one of the most rewarding experiences of not only my retirement , but my life , " says Stamp , who turns 78 this month . "  It 's a joy to make wonderful music with new friends and to share this music with the community . " Judy Schroeder , 62 , another member of the Iowa City band , took up the oboe about three months before retirement . "  I find that playing music really keeps your mind agile ... and our band director wants to challenge us to do well , think hard , try hard . It 's just so much fun . " She 's enjoying herself so much that she has taken up the bassoon as well . Getting started If you 're interested in getting involved with instrumental music , look for a band in your area on the New Horizons Web site . If there 's no senior band available , or if you 're interested in learning on your own , most teachers are willing to take on an older student . Pedlosky advises searching for the right kind of person so you 're not quickly turned off . "  It 's important , if you 're going to start cold , to really find a good teacher -- someone who sets standards for you but is also mature enough to understand that it 's unusual for an older person to take up something about which they know nothing . " There are real differences between younger and older learners . "  Adults are often more analytical about their learning and more persistent , so some display more rapid growth than would a 10-year-old beginner , " Coffman explains . "  On the other hand , the physical demands of some instruments may lead to a plateauing effect for adults . " Some seniors , for example , may not be able to sustain high notes on a trumpet . Which instrument should you choose ? If you 've always had a passion for one instrument , Ernst says , go with your heart . But if you 're not sure , ask for suggestions from the band director . "  If the group does n't have a tuba player , you 'd be quite the hero if you became one , " he says . Who knows ? You might even become a bit of a hero to yourself . "  Music is so demanding and compelling that once you start playing , everything else flies out the window , " Pedlosky says . "  It gives you a deeper appreciation of music and musicians . And sometimes my music sounds really good to me , and that 's wonderful . " Roy Ernst : Saxophonist Jerry Hendricks from Olympia , Washington , practices with other band members at a New Horizons band camp in Cambria , California , in March 2006 . Many of the musicians did not take up an instrument until retirement . Jon Beringer : Dinny Stamp , 78 , played the trombone in high school . She took it up again when she joined a senior band in Iowa City , Iowa . E-mail to a friend LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Lisa Jo Rudy is a freelance writer based in Cape Cod , Massachusetts . Her credits include books as well as print and online articles .	More seniors are making music in their golden years They play an instrument they learned before or pick up new one Group sponsors senior bands and orchestras in U.S. Benefits : Social , emotional , physical -- even spiritual growth
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  --  CNN  -- Car bombs tore through four Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad on Saturday , killing 16 people and wounding dozens , police said . One bomb exploded near a mosque and two were placed near commercial markets . All four bombs exploded within a two-hour period . In Abu Dsheer , a neighborhood in the southern part of the city , a suicide car bomb exploded near a security checkpoint , killing 11 people and wounding 24 others . Two people were killed in a bombing in al Bayaa , a southeastern district , when a suicide car bomb exploded near the Musa al Kadhim mosque . In the al Jihad and al Kadhimya neighborhoods in the east and in the north , respectively , car bombs exploded near commercial markets . On Saturday , Shiites are observing the death of Imam Ali , who is considered the fourth successor to the Prophet Mohammed . Many Shiites will travel to Imam Ali 's shrine in Najaf to commemorate the day . The line of succession following Mohammed is one of the core disagreements between Shiite and Sunni Muslims .	The car bombs struck four Shiite neighborhoods Several dozen people were injured in the attacks On Saturday , Shiites commemorate the death of Imam Ali
CNN  -- U.S. authorities have issued a warning to U.S. citizens in Myanmar amid unrest between Buddhists and Muslims that has left at least 40 people dead in the past week . The violence that began last week in the city of Meiktila , in the central Mandalay region , has spread to other towns and fueled fears in the commercial capital , Yangon , that prompted stores to close in a popular shopping district Monday . The U.S. Embassy has responded to the violence and unease by warning U.S. citizens to avoid the Mingalar Market and Yuzana Plaza part of Yangon , the same area where the stores were shuttered Monday . "  A fight broke out in that area today as a result of ongoing tensions , resulting in a heavy police presence , " the embassy said in a statement Monday . It said , though , that there were "  no known specific threats against U.S. citizens . " Authorities clearing up the wreckage from last week 's riots in Meiktila have found eight bodies among the debris , increasing the number of dead from the previous total of 32 , the New Light of Myanmar , a state-run newspaper , reported in its Tuesday edition . During the clashes in Meiktila , which were reportedly set off by a dispute between a Muslim gold shop owner and two Buddhist sellers , rioters set fire to houses , schools and mosques , prompting thousands of residents to flee their homes . A state of emergency The government declared a state of emergency in the city Friday , allowing the military to help reinstate order . But as the situation there appeared to calm , authorities reported arson attacks by groups of Buddhists in other towns in the region over the weekend . The unrest highlights the fragility of ethnic relations in Myanmar as it emerges from decades of military repression . Authorities have released thousands of political prisoners and pursued peace talks with rebel groups in the past two years . President Thein Sein , who has overseen the country 's initial moves toward democracy , vowed Monday "  to take action against those who led the violence and got involved in it and to expose those who flamed the conflict under the pretext of religion , " the New Light of Myanmar reported . Thousands displaced The U.N. humanitarian agency said Monday that the Myanmar government estimates that more than 12,000 people have been displaced by the unrest . "  They 're barricaded in schools and in a monastery , " said Ashok Nigam , the U.N. resident coordinator in Myanmar . "  They 're currently receiving humanitarian assistance provided by the government . " A Buddhist monk was reported to be among those killed when the violence initially erupted in Meiktila last week . But Win Htein , an opposition lawmaker for the area , has said that he believes the majority of the victims were Muslims . "  Most of the Muslims ' houses were destroyed and burnt down , " he said Tuesday . "  Very few are left . " Police confiscated weapons such as swords and machetes from groups of Buddhists -- some of them monks -- who were roaming the streets last week , officials said . Win Htein said Tuesday that the situation was improving in Meiktila , but that he was concerned that some young Buddhists were "  organizing their own security " despite government warnings not to carry weapons . Meanwhile , unsubstantiated rumors of unrest in other parts of the country such as Yangon are spreading via text messages and social media , stoking fears among residents . In one example , Si Thu , a Buddhist employee of the United Nations who lives in a mainly Muslim neighborhood of Yangon , said Tuesday he was moving his family to stay at a relative 's home elsewhere in the city . "  I ca n't think of any political or religious aspects now , " he said . "  I only know about how to protect my family . " The New Light of Myanmar suggested that such rumors are being "  circulated by those with ill will who want to harm peace and stability . " Concerns after previous unrest The clashes in Meiktila and elsewhere have drawn expressions of concern from U.N. and U.S. officials . The sudden boiling over of tensions between Buddhists and Muslims in central Myanmar follows sectarian troubles that killed scores of people in the west of the country last year . Those clashes , in Rakhine state , took place between the Buddhist majority and the Rohingya , a stateless ethnic Muslim group . Most of the victims in that unrest were Rohingya . Tens of thousands more were left living in makeshift camps , and many of them have since joined those who attempt each year to flee to Thailand and Malaysia in flimsy boats . CNN 's Kocha Olarn and Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report . Journalist Pho Wai Lin also contributed .	NEW : U.S. authorities warn citizens to avoid an area of Yangon amid tensions Authorities in Meiktila find more bodies among the debris from riots last week Thousands of displaced people are living "  barricaded in schools , " the U.N. says President Thein Sein vows to take action against those responsible
CNN  -- General Motors CEO Rick Wagoner announced his resignation early Monday -- the latest change for the troubled automaker . General Motors CEO Rick Wagoner 's resignation statement is on the GM Web site . White House and GM sources had told CNN Sunday that Wagoner would resign as part of the federal government 's bailout strategy for the troubled automaker . "  On Friday I was in Washington for a meeting with Administration officials . In the course of that meeting , they requested that I ` step aside ' as CEO of GM , and so I have , " Wagoner said in a statement posted to the GM Web site . He is being replaced by GM 's president and chief operating officer , Fritz Henderson . Kent Kresa will serve as interim chairman . "  Having worked closely with Fritz for many years , I know that he is the ideal person to lead the company through the completion of our restructuring efforts . His knowledge of the global industry and the company are exceptional , and he has the intellect , energy , and support among GM ` ers worldwide to succeed , " Wagoner said . Watch report on Rick Wagoner 's resignation " The Obama administration gave General Motors and Chrysler failing grades Monday for their turnaround efforts and promised a sweeping overhaul of the troubled companies . The government plans to give the automakers more money , but it is also holding out the threat of a "  structured bankruptcy . " The federal government will provide operating funds for both automakers for several weeks , during which time the companies will have to undergo significant restructuring , administration officials said late Sunday night . President Obama is expected to make a formal announcement Monday morning about his plans for the companies , which have already been given $ 17.4 billion . GM will get 60 days and Chrysler 30 days in which to make a final push toward proving they can run viable businesses . If Chrysler succeeds , it will receive a $ 6 billion loan . In GM 's case , the officials would not specify how much money the carmaker might receive . In the case of both companies , the officials said , stakeholders -- and particularly debt holders in both companies -- had not done enough to relieve the automakers of ongoing financial burdens . "  We have made very clear that we expect a very , very substantial reduction in liability for both companies , " one official said . The administration held out the possibility of a so-called structured bankruptcy as an option . -- CNNMoney.com contributed to this report	Departure of General Motors ' CEO part of government 's bailout strategy GM 's president and chief operating officer , Fritz Henderson , to replace Rick Wagoner GM to get 60 days of financing ; Chrysler could get $ 6 billion
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Violence flared in central Cairo on Monday as protesters threw Molotov cocktails at police , who responded in kind . The protesters are angry at the government and the Muslim Brotherhood , a popular Islamist movement . They rallied near Tahrir Square , near the parliament building , just a block from the Interior Ministry . A building in the area briefly caught on fire and was quickly extinguished . No immediate injuries were reported . "  The violence of the police is the same as the violence under Mubarak , " said Tarek Famy , a protester . "  The Brotherhood is exactly the same as the former regime . They 're still as violent . " Longtime Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was toppled last year . The country is now headed by Mohamed Morsy , the country 's first democratically elected president . Before taking office , Morsy was a leader in the political arm of the Muslim Brotherhood . The protests came on the one-year anniversary of deadly clashes on Mohamed Mahmoud Street , which leads from Tahrir Square toward the Interior Ministry . Violence there last year left dozens of people dead . No one has been held responsible for those deaths , though several security officers remain on trial .	Demonstrators are upset with the government and the Muslim Brotherhood No immediate injuries have been reported The protests come on the anniversary of deadly clashes on Mohamed Mahmoud street
Juba , South Sudan  CNN  -- A large group of youths from an ethnic militia loyal to former South Sudanese Vice President Riek Machar is marching for the city of Bor , just days after it was retaken by the government amid heavy fighting , officials said . Col. Phillip Aguer , spokesman for the Sudan People 's Liberation Army , estimated 20,000 ethnic Nuer from the so-called White Army were headed for the city , raising fears of more violence . The U.N. Mission in South Sudan said Sunday it is "  extremely concerned " about the report , but it could not confirm the size or location of the marchers . "  South Sudan does not need another escalation of the crisis involving armed youth , pitching communities against communities , " said Hilde F. Johnson , the U.N. special representative of the secretary-general . The U.N. mission warned that the involvement of armed youths "  would add a volatile and unpredictable ingredient into the precarious security situation currently prevailing in the country . " The youths -- known for the white powder they use to cover their skin as an insect repellant -- do not have formal military training and , if not under direct orders , can act without discipline . Information Minister Michael Makuei said Saturday that rebel leader Machar had gone to ethnic Nuer neighborhoods in Uror to mobilize the youths . Multiple media outlets reported Machar denied the youths are acting under his orders . CNN has not been able to contact Machar 's representatives . The same group is believed responsible for the deaths of hundreds of civilians from the Murle ethnic group in 2011 and 2012 . Machar is a longtime rival of President Salva Kiir . The men are from two different tribal clans . Kiir is from the Dinka tribe , Machar from the Neur . Kiir accused Machar of trying to stage a coup . Its ' a claim Machar has denied . Fighting broke out between Kiir 's government and supporters of Machar on December 15 in the capital city of Juba . It quickly spread across the country , with reports of mass killings lent credence by mass graves . Kiir 's soldiers regained control of Bor last week in a bloody battle for the city . A growing chorus of international agencies is calling for an end to the hostilities . East African leaders on Friday gave the warring factions four days to lay down their arms . If they do n't , the leaders of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development warned they 'll "  take action " to stop the conflict that the United Nations says has killed more than 1,000 and forced some 121,000 from their homes . The warning came the same day the United Nations said the first of 5,500 additional peacekeepers had arrived in the country . The humanitarian crisis here is worsening , with at least 122,000 displaced since the fighting began . Roughly 63,000 have sought refuge in U.N. bases in the country , according to the world body . Those on the U.N. base in Juba are scared to venture outside , even though many have homes within walking distance . James Gajaak , the de facto community leader at the Juba U.N. camp , told CNN 's Arwa Damon that when he first arrived with his family , he went three days without food and water . "  So my brother went back to the house to collect water , " he said , recalling how later he received a phone call . "  They tell me , ` Your brother is dead ; come collect the dead body so that you can bury him . ' " Doctors from the relief group Doctors Without Borders are concerned over the increasing volume of people within the confined space of the camps . Christine Bimansha is one of many doctors providing medical care at two UNMISS sites for Doctors Without Borders  Medecins Sans Frontieres  . She said in an MSF field report Sunday that she is concerned about sanitation conditions and the potential spread of disease . "  Water and sanitation is the biggest problem the displaced people are facing -- they do n't have access to water or to enough latrines . If the water and sanitation conditions at the UNMISS camp remain the same , the situation will get worse -- if people do n't have water and we have an explosion of diseases like cholera , then that will be a big outbreak and a big problem . Measles is also a significant threat and an outbreak would be difficult to stop in such overcrowded conditions . " South Sudan 's neighbors threaten to step in to end fighting CNN 's Antonia Mortensen reported from Juba , South Sudan . Neda Farshbaf reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Sarah Aarthun contributed to this report .	Youths from an ethnic militia are marching for Bor , days after the government retook the city The youths are loyal to rebel leader Riek Machar Machar denies reports they are acting under his orders The U.N. says it is "  extremely concerned " by the reports
CNN  -- German billionaire Adolf Merckle , one of the richest men in the world , committed suicide Monday after his business empire got into trouble in the wake of the international financial crisis , Merckle 's family said Tuesday in a statement . Merckle , 74 , was hit by a train in the southwestern town of Ulm , police said . His family said the economic crisis had "  broken " Merckle . He was number 94 on the Forbes list of the world 's richest people . He had fallen from number 44 on the Forbes 2007 rich list as his fortune declined from $ 12.8 billion to $ 9.2 billion in 2008 . Merckle 's business empire included interests as diverse as cement-maker HeidelbergCement and generic drug-maker Ratiopharm . But he lost hundreds of millions of dollars , including company capital , betting against Volkswagen stock last year . The state government of Baden-Wuerttemberg rejected his petition for financial assistance , and he entered bailout talks with several German banks . "  The financial troubles of his companies , induced by the international financial crisis and the uncertainty and powerlessness to act independently which the financial problems brought about , broke the passionate family business man , and he took his own life , " his family wrote in the news release . An employee of Germany 's railroad company found the body on the tracks at about 7 p.m. Monday and notified authorities . Merckle 's family had already reported him missing earlier in the day after he walked out of the house and did not return . Authorities are currently conducting DNA tests to confirm his identity . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen in Germany and Alysen Miller in London , England , contributed to this report .	Adolf Merckle was No. 94 on Forbes list of world 's richest people Merckle 's net worth estimated to be $ 9.2 billion Billionaire was killed by a train in German town of Ulm Family says financial woes "  broke the passionate family business man "
CNN  -- Yasun is both a place and a metaphor . The place is a UNESCO Biopshere Reserve in the Ecuadorian Amazon where two indigenous communities , the Tagaeri and the Taromenane , live in voluntary isolation . Below the biosphere lie the oil fields Isphingo , Tambococha and Tiputini , abbreviated to ITT . Yasun the metaphor is the initiative for paying to keep that oil underground and leave the biological and cultural diversity undisturbed . Upon learning of just these bare-bone facts , I realized that I have been thinking about the economics of the Yasun-ITT Initiative for most of my professional career , long before I knew where Yasun is and what it would mean for humanity . In March 2009 I signed a contract with the United Nations Development Program  UNDP  to work out the economics of the Initiative . Three questions loomed large in the global context of climate change . Why should the international community pay anyone for essentially doing nothing ? What should they pay ? How would they pay it ? Before answering , I wrestled with the language . Because everything changes , I preferred "  climate fluctuations " and "  transformation " to "  climate change . " Similarly , "  sink " is a more precise term than "  atmosphere " for describing the destination of carbon dioxide . Synthesizing the physics with the economics , I wrote "  The Economics of the Yasun Initiative : Climate Change as if Thermodynamics Mattered " . In economics , the sink is also a commons , and climate transformation becomes a question of scale . Any one country can pursue a dirty industrialization without much worry ; but when all countries do so , a "  tragedy of the commons " ensues . Alarmingly , emissions have risen significantly since 1990 when the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change issued its first assessment report . In some countries , such as India and China , they have skyrocketed . This is not a criticism of India or China . No wealthy country ever became wealthy without a dirty industrialization . "  Realpolitik " is the reason why the developed countries should pay the developing ones not to exploit their carbon . Tiny Ecuador is a pilot project . What should the developed countries pay ? The Ecuadorian government quotes $ 3.5 billion as half the value of the oil foregone in the ITT fields . As an economist , I cringe . If I or any other economist knew the future price of oil , we would probably be enjoying early retirement in the French Riviera . Knowing how to speculate is what made George Soros a multi-billionaire . In contrast , the value of the investment and operations foregone is known : PetroEcuador estimates them at approximately $ 5 billion . My recommendation is that Ecuador seek $ 1.25 billion per year in compensation for the first four years of the Initiative and thereafter , the value of the carbon dioxide avoided . How much is that worth ?  Again the French Riviera beckons  . If the short history of the carbon market is any guide , the payments would be somewhere between $ 300 million and $ 900 million per year . The financial flows would stop when Ecuador achieves the UNDP Human Development Index that Costa Rica held in 2002 , the year its government declined offshore oil extraction without any monetary inducement . Finally , the last and touchiest question remains : how should the developed countries pay ? The theoretical answer is sponsorship of projects selected according to economic criteria . Topping the list would be the requirement that projects be both public in nature and incapable of being funded from an existing source . The practical side to how countries should pay is also a question about mechanism . Its answer appeared on August 3 , 2010 . At midday in the elegant ballroom of the Chancellery of Ecuador , Under-Secretary-General of the United Nations Rebeca Grynspan and Foreign Minister of Ecuador Ricardo Patio signed an historic agreement that launched the Yasun ITT Trust Fund . That evening I launched with far less fanfare "  The Economics of the Yasun Initiative " . Ms. Grynspan introduced me to an audience gathered at the UNDP offices . She commented to much laughter that after such a heady day , we were all fully "  yasunized " . Yasun the place and Yasun the metaphor have now morphed into a verb .	Yasun is a protected area of forest in Ecuador rich in biodiversity and natural resources New UN initiative will see rich countries pay to keep oil reserves in the ground Joseph Henry Vogel has studied the area and economics of climate change
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greek lawmakers Wednesday approved a package of austerity measures demanded by international lenders , despite protests outside Parliament as they were voting , in a move that should clear the way for an emergency loan to Athens . Greek riot police fired round after round of tear gas to keep small crowds of protesters away from Parliament in the run-up to the vote and as lawmakers one by one said "  Yes " or "  No . " The vote was 155 to 138 in the 300-seat house , with five voting "  present " and two abstaining . Crowds outside Parliament swelled as the vote took place , but both sides showed some restraint , with police and demonstrators eyeing each other warily rather than wading into the melee . Before the vote , small numbers of demonstrators hurled stones at police , chanted , waved Greek flags and set small fires to protest the austerity measures , which include new taxes and job cuts . At least 19 police officers were injured Wednesday , police said . Dozens of people have gone to hospitals with breathing problems , police said . Andreas Lourandos , the president of the Pharmacists ' Association of Athens , called on police to "  stop using chemicals before we mourn any victims . " A second key vote is due in the Greek Parliament Thursday on how the five-year austerity package will be implemented . German Chancellor Angela Merkel called Wednesday 's passage of the austerity measures "  really good news , " German government spokesman Steffen Seibert said on Twitter . Euro group chairman Jean-Claude Juncker also welcomed the news , saying the "  way is now clear " for Athens to receive the fifth instalment of a huge bailout loan from European Union countries and the International Monetary Fund . Greece has debt payments coming due in mid-July and needs the $ 17 billion in emergency funds to be able to pay them -- but lenders , including the IMF and EU , had demanded that it approve the austerity measures in order to get the loan . European and international lenders agreed last year to give Greece a $ 156 billion bailout package as its deficit soared , but were threatening to hold up an installment of $ 17 billion due soon . A default by Greece would send shock waves through the European banking sector and potentially dent global economic confidence . Juncker said in a statement from Brussels : "  I 'm very happy and relieved that the Greek Parliament followed the government and voted in favour of a new program of structural reforms and budgetary adjustment . " Unions oppose the austerity package , but its backers say it is essential to the stability of the Greek economy , the euro , and the global financial system . Riot police clashed with stone-throwing demonstrators Tuesday ahead of the vote , firing tear gas to disperse protesters during riots that left 30 police officers and one demonstrator injured . The two-day general strike is continuing on Wednesday , with members of three major unions planning to march on Parliament after the vote . The 48-hour general strike kicked off early Tuesday , hobbling most of Greece 's transportation systems but freeing workers to participate in demonstrations . Transportation disruptions took place on land , on sea and in the air . Air traffic controllers periodically stopped work and flight traffic , according to their union . Stoppages also disrupted sea travel in the maritime nation , which encompasses many islands . The Greek government hopes for a second bailout package to stay afloat , but that , too , depended on its passing the austerity measures before Parliament on Wednesday . Protesters lament that the cuts are being carried out on the backs of those who can afford it least . CNN 's Elinda Labropoulou , Diana Magnay , Frederik Pleitgen and Eve Parish contributed to this report .	NEW : The EU 's Juncker says the way is now clear for Athens to get an emergency loan Dozens of people are hospitalized with breathing problems , police say At least 19 police officers are injured , while an expert asks them to stop using tear gas The austerity package passes 155-138 , with another vote Thursday on how to implement it
CNN  -- Fighting between Yemen 's government and rebel forces erupted Friday as the two sides were working on a peace agreement , a local journalist said . Fighting in and around the northwestern city of Saada caused the deaths of 13 government soldiers , 19 Houthi rebels and 22 civilians , Houthi rebel sources told Hakim Al-Masmari , the editor-in-chief of the Yemen Post . Yemen government officials did not confirm the death toll . Even amid the fighting , the Houthis have presented the Yemeni government with a detailed peace agreement , Yemen 's foreign minister told Al-Masmari on Saturday . The government is considering the proposal , he said . The Houthis , Shiite Muslim rebels , had indicated last week that they were open to a cease-fire and to accepting the government 's conditions . But the rebels demanded an end to government military operations first . The negotiations could put an end to the conflict , which had lasted more than five years . In August , Yemen laid out cease-fire terms that included removing checkpoints , ending banditry , handing over all military equipment and weapons and releasing civilians and military personnel . Yemen also demanded the rebels stop entering its northern neighbor , Saudi Arabia . The next month , government officials said Houthi leaders twice rejected the terms . The conflict is believed to be both separatist , over who will have power in the area , and sectarian , whether Shiite Islam will dominate even though the majority of Yemenis are Sunni . The rebels are supporters of slain Shiite cleric Hussein al-Houthi . Humanitarian organization Human Rights Watch has noted allegations of war violations committed by both sides , and fighting has forced 250,000 people to flee their homes , the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said .	13 soldiers , 19 Houthi rebels , 22 civilians killed , Houthi rebel sources tell newspaper Yemen government officials have n't confirmed death toll Houthis have presented Yemeni government with peace agreement , foreign minister says Yemen laid out cease-fire terms in August , government says Houthi leaders rejected terms
CNN  -- Many Americans were stunned when the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released a study last month showing that suicide now kills more Americans than car accidents . But as a primary care doctor , I am not surprised . Over the past decade , the period in which suicide deaths spiked , I have witnessed how the U.S. health care system approaches the treatment of depression . It is outdated and ineffective , and it too often fails at protecting Americans from the consequences of mental illness . With each passing year , the U.S. falls further behind other countries in finding cost-effective ways to care for our citizens ' mental health . On Monday , President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden are holding a conference at the White House aimed at broadening access to mental health care and removing the stigma from seeking treatment . They have their work cut out for them . Depression is a leading cause of disability in the U.S. Most people with depression will see a primary care doctor before they see anyone else . We physicians are supposed to identify depression , help patients get the right treatment , and prevent suicide . But every time I see a patient with depression , I feel my hands are tied . Yes , I can prescribe an antidepressant and adjust the dose , but many depressed patients also need psychotherapy , more intensive medication management , and close follow-up . I can not get them all the treatments they need . In the U.S. , mental health treatment is largely delivered by specialists who are not integrated into primary care clinics . It is reimbursed separately , often with restrictions on the number of visits and at a high cost to patients . The best I can do with a depressed patient who is not responding to initial treatment is to say , "  I can give you a referral , but you need to check with your insurance company to see if it will pay for this . " Often the patients do not follow through -- either because the wait time to see a mental health provider is too long , they can not afford the treatment , or they are simply too depressed to act on the referral . The World Health Organization projects that by 2030 , depression will be the leading cause of disability in the world , with huge economic and social costs . Even some developing countries are surpassing the U.S. in creating innovative and effective ways to deal with this coming tide . The U.S. Mental Health Parity Act , passed in 2010 , requires insurance companies to provide equal coverage for mental health and may improve depression care for Americans . The Affordable Care Act will also expand mental health benefits to 62 million more Americans by including mental health as an Essential Health Benefit and by mandating mental health parity within the health insurance exchanges . However , in light of ongoing state budget and sequestration cuts , mental health services continue to erode . In April , for example , the Democratic governor of Maryland revoked $ 7.2 million in funding for mental health . As shocking as this was to mental health advocates , policymakers across the country -- even in comparatively liberal states like Maryland -- are arguing that in the face of other urgent and competing priorities , strengthening the mental health system is too expensive for states to pursue . But that would n't be true if we consider alternative , more cost-effective delivery models . In a rigorous study in Uganda , which has very scarce resources , researchers trained community members to deliver group interpersonal therapy to depressed men and women in 30 villages . The groups met weekly for four months . During the meetings , participants shared their experiences , and the group leader facilitated support and suggestions for change from other group members . This approach dramatically reduced the percent of people in the study with depression , from 80 % to 28 % , and improved people 's ability to do the things that matter most , such as taking care of their children and themselves , going to work , and socializing . Countries such as Pakistan and India , which have huge populations and many competing economic and social priorities , are also experimenting with task-shifting , in which mental health counseling can be delivered by lay health workers trained to provide scientifically sound counseling with supervision . The benefits go beyond cost reduction . Studies in India show that lay health workers also help people to better accept mental illness and necessary treatments . To be sure , some mental health innovation can also be found in parts of the U.S. Project ECHO , partly funded by the Department of Health and Human Services , is using telephone and Internet technology to link specialists at the University of New Mexico with primary care doctors , community health workers , and health educators in rural parts of the state . Through technology , specialists train and support nonspecialists in treating people with mental illness and addiction , a lethal combination that often leads to suicide . Suicide is the culmination of many complex forces . But it is often preceded by mental illness that could have been treated . The dramatic spike in suicide deaths among Americans is a stark warning to those in charge of the U.S. health care system . If the U.S. ignores the innovation and alternative delivery models that are advancing mental health care in other parts of the world , the cost will continue to be measured in American lives . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Namratha Kandula .	Namratha Kandula : CDC says suicide kills more Americans than car accidents Depression is leading disability in U.S. , which lags on treatment , she says She says nations like Uganda , Pakistan , India find training community to help is effective Kandula : The U.S. must get ahead of depression epidemic
CNN  -- Lizzie Armitstead won the first medal of the London Games for the hosts but had to settle for silver behind Dutchwoman Marianne Vos in cycling 's women 's road race Sunday . Vos proved the stronger in the sprint for the line on The Mall to win her second Olympic gold medal after claiming the track points title in Beijing four years ago . Russia 's Olga Zabelinskaya , the third member of a decisive breakaway , took the bronze . Defending Olympic champion Nicole Cook of Britain finished in the main bunch , just under 30 seconds behind the trio . With American Shelley Olds , the medalists took their chance after the second circuit of Box Hill and they quickly opened a good advantage . Olds dropped away after a puncture and with the peloton failing to eat into the lead of the breakaway , it all boiled down to a sprint finish after 140km racing in mostly wet conditions . The 25-year-old Vos , runner-up for the past five years in the world road race championships , finally went one better as she had too much strength for Armitstead . "  We gave everything in the breakaway . There were so many people . It was The Mall . It was like a wall of sound . I just sprinted to the line , " Vos told gathered reports . "  After Beijing , that was the only thing that was on my mind for four years . Now that it 's happened , it 's incredible . Now the gold is mine . " Armitstead 's performance was a welcome boost for home fans after the bitter disappointment of Mark Cavendish 's failure to win the men 's road race Saturday . The 23-year-old from northern England received superb support from teammate Emma Pooley on the testing two laps of Box Hill and took her chance when it emerged . "  I 'm a bit shocked . I was so glad I committed to that break , but I should have jumped early , but never mind , " she said . "  We discussed before what happened in the men 's race that once a group is committed in front , it 's hard to be in the back . "  It 's the most special thing I 've experienced in my life . It 's crazy and so inspiring , " she added . The cycling events continue Wednesday with time trial events for men and women .	Marianne Vos of the Netherlands wins women 's road race She outsprints Lizzie Armitstead of Britain to take gold Armitstead winning first medal of London Games for hosts Olga Zabelinskaya of Russia claims bronze medal
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- It used to be an old factory churning out parts for the mining industry before slowly falling into neglect and turned into a garage for vehicle repairs . But now , after a renovation process , the high-ceilinged warehouse has been reinvented as a modern art deco space intended to house Africa 's most cutting-edge design ideas and exhibit them to the world . Welcome to the Museum of African Design , or MOAD , a 2,500 square meter space which claims to be the first of its kind on the continent . Situated inside Johannesburg 's vibrant Maboneng precinct , a former crime hotspot that 's undergoing an urban rejuvenation , MOAD opened its doors late last month with the vision to become a pan-African platform for contemporary creativity and innovation . Read this : Joburg gets downtown revamp "  The goal for it is really to become a cultural hub , " explains Aaron Kohn , the young and enthusiastic director of MOAD . "  A place to showcase what 's going on the continent that 's innovative but also to encourage that kind of thinking , design and creativity to young South Africans and to people visiting Johannesburg at the same time . " True to its character The spacious downtown building , which dates back to the 1920s , had been earmarked as a museum since its acquisition by the Maboneng developers in 2011 . But it only hosted a number of temporary exhibitions and events during the past year before work started in July to transform it into a permanent home for African design . Read this : Africa 's most exciting new photographers The developers went on to add an extra floor , bathrooms and a cocktail bar but kept the building 's integrity largely intact -- raw floors , metal bars and scaffolding ramps still dominate the three-level space , creating a rough-edged atmosphere that echoes the identity of the building and its urban surroundings . "  We will continue ` refining ' the space , but the goal is to leave it as original and industrial as possible , " explains Kohn . ` New ways to see the world ' The museum 's launch event took place on October 24 with the annual showcase of the Southern Guild collection , a 10-day exhibition presenting the creations of some of South Africa 's top designers and artists . Renowned architect David Adjaye , who was born in Tanzania to Ghanaian parents , was the guest of honor at the event . "  I believe in design as a very important edifying element for community , for culture , for civilization , " he told CNN hours before the official opening . "  I think it 's one of the hallmarks of how we talk about creating awareness about who we are and what values we have in the world , " added Adjaye . Read this : David Adjaye 's favorite buildings "  Design is very good , it 's almost like a diver ; it seeks out new ways which you can see the world ; it goes down and discovers new things that bring it back up and it shows it to us . I think that 's really important . " ` Native Nostalgia ' After the launch event , which had a South African focus , MOAD is now making its first foray into the continent 's creativity with "  Native Nostalgia , " the museum 's inaugural full-length exhibition . Starting today , the group show explores the idea of nostalgia and what it means for African artists to look at dark chapters in history , including apartheid and colonialism , in a fond manner . It features a series of mixed media creations from a number of African artists , including Leonce Raphael Agbodjelou from Benin , Amina Menia from Algeria , The Nigeria Nostalgia Project and South African collective I See a Different You . Read this : Tribal beauty of vanishing life "  Native Nostalgia " is curated by Kohn , but the MOAD director says that in the future the museum will be working with different people for every exhibition . He also outlines that MOAD is not interested in becoming a collective institution that stores art or wastes any budget on insurance and acquiring fees . "  We want to focus on the most exciting and relevant exhibitions that we can put on with works from across the continent , " says Kohn . "  I think that 's a new model that a lot more institutions around the world are looking at in terms of not having necessarily conventional museum staff , not having a permanent collection -- it allows an institution that 's interested in the contemporary to stay contemporary , " adds Kohn . "  Native Nostalgia " runs until February 9 . Upcoming exhibitions at MOAD include "  Fashioning Africa , " running from March to May , and "  Design of an African City , " from June to August .	Africa 's first museum dedicated to design opened its doors late last month Based in n Johannesburg , the Museum of African Design aims to be a "  cultural hub " Its first full-length exhibition starts today and runs until February 9 Called "  Native Nostalgia , " it features mixed media creations from several African artists
CNN  -- Thousands of Christians gathered at one of Rome 's most famous landmarks Friday night as Pope Francis led the Catholic ceremony known as the Stations of the Cross at the Colosseum . Crowds of the faithful stood in solemn attendance , holding candles that cast a soft yellow glow over the ancient Roman site , as a giant cross made of dozens of flickering candles towered over the audience . The Stations of the Cross , also known as the Way of the Cross , commemorates the passion and death of Jesus . Earlier , the Pope led a service at St. Peter 's Basilica at the Vatican , also to mark Good Friday , the most solemn day of the Christian calendar . Roman Catholics worldwide use the day to reflect on the Gospel account of the day Jesus died on the cross , before his resurrection from the dead three days later on Easter Sunday , according to Christian doctrine . Holy Week , one of the most significant periods of the Roman Catholic year , will culminate on Easter Sunday with a Mass in St. Peter 's Square , led by Pope Francis . On Holy Thursday , Pope Francis visited a home for the elderly and disabled , the Fondazione Don Carlo Gnocchi , to wash the feet of "  12 disabled people of different ages , ethnicities and religious confessions , " during a special Lord 's Supper Mass , according to the Vatican . It was the second time he has broken with Vatican tradition and washed the feet of ordinary people rather than priests . Last year , he washed the feet of two women and two Muslims at a juvenile detention center in Rome . Before this , modern popes only washed the feet of 12 priests at the Vatican , during the Mass of the Last Supper . At his general audience Wednesday , Francis urged the faithful to seek an example in Jesus . "  This week , as we follow Jesus along the way of the cross , may we imitate his loving obedience to the will of the father , especially in times of difficulty and humiliation , and open our hearts to his gifts of reconciliation , redemption and new life , " he said . CNN 's Shelby Lin Erdman and Delia Gallagher contributed to this report .	Pope Francis leads the Stations of the Cross at the Colosseum in Rome Earlier , he celebrated Good Friday Mass at St. Peter 's Basilica at the Vatican Good Friday , which recalls the day Jesus died on the cross , is a solemn day for believers
CNN  -- A teenage boy with a failing heart had been denied a chance at a heart transplant . But that decision was reversed this week , turning his family 's frustration to joy . Anthony Stokes has been at Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta at Egleston since July 14 , according to CNN affiliate WSB-TV . The hospital told his family the 15-year-old was ineligible for a spot on the heart transplant waiting list because of "  noncompliance , " family friend Mark Bell told CNN . An August 7 letter from the hospital , which Bell provided to CNN , said that "  Anthony is currently not a transplant candidate due to having a history of noncompliance , which is one of our center 's contraindications to listing for heart transplant . " Noncompliance generally means that doctors doubt that a patient will take his medicine or go to follow-up appointments . In a statement Tuesday , Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta said , "  While there has been misinformation circulating , Children 's can not discuss the specifics of this case or any other case due to privacy rules . " The hospital earlier had said it was working "  closely with the family " to find solutions . Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta at Egleston is in good standing , according to the United Network for Organ Sharing , the nonprofit organization in charge of transplant coordination in the United States . Assessing compliance for potential transplant recipients is important because if a patient does n't strictly take all required medicines as directed , he or she could die within weeks of leaving the hospital , said Dr. Ryan Davies , a cardiothoracic surgeon at the Alfred I. duPont Hospital for Children in Wilmington , Delaware , who is not involved with this case . But Bell said a doctor told the family that Anthony 's low grades and time spent in juvenile detention factored into that assessment . "  The doctor made the decision that he was n't a good candidate because of that , " Bell said . "  I guess he did n't think Anthony was going to be a productive citizen . " Anthony 's mother , Melencia Hamilton , told CNN affiliate WGCL-TV that doctors said Anthony would live only three to six months if he did n't get the heart transplant . In the meantime , the story became public in local media . The Southern Christian Leadership Conference 's Georgia chapter got involved because Anthony 's family called , and the organization has "  a longtime relationship with the child , " said the Rev. Samuel Mosteller , the chapter 's president , Mosteller said Anthony was judged based on "  tattoos and an ankle bracelet " from a "  juvenile agency . " Bell said the detention was because Anthony got into "  an altercation to protect his younger brother . " On Tuesday , Bell said , a doctor delivered the groundbreaking news to the family : "  He said that Anthony has been approved to receive a heart . He put him on the transplant list . " Bell said doctors told Anthony he 'll likely receive a new heart in about three to four months , but that this timetable could change . Anthony had no health problems before this summer , Bell said ; the heart problem is not congenital . But he started to have trouble sleeping and then complained about his chest hurting . His mother took him to the hospital because of the chest pains . Bell said Anthony is excited and his mother overjoyed after the hospital 's reversal . The teen is now considered top priority for a heart transplant ; he just has to wait for one to become available . The complexity of transplants Federal records show that 3,400 people were on waiting lists for heart transplants in 2012 , but only 2,000 of these procedures were performed . While waiting for a heart transplant , 331 people died . Dr. David Weill , medical director of Stanford University 's Lung and Heart-Lung Transplant Program , said it 's not unusual for patients to be rejected from organ transplant lists because of noncompliance -- in other words , if they are seen as people who wo n't follow instructions about taking medications and seeing doctors . At Stanford , Weill 's group evaluates about 300 patients per year for lung transplants and turns down about 1 % to 2 % because of noncompliance . It 's about the same for heart transplants as well , he said . As part of the evaluation process , organ transplant patients undergo a complete psychosocial evaluation so doctors can get a sense of whether they and their families will follow through with a complicated medical regimen , Weill said . "  A few times a year , we run into people who ca n't , " he said . A patient would not be turned down solely for having served prison time or having bad grades , Weill said , but "  we would want to look at the entire picture . " Some patients have been denied because they do n't have anyone in their lives who can take care of them and accompany them to appointments . After a heart transplant , patients are too sick to do these things alone , Weill said . "  When we fear that someone 's not going to do well , it 's because the patient could n't comply with the regimen or they do n't have any support in their life , " he said . Psychosocial factors do n't change a person 's priority on the waiting list , but they could lead a person to be denied a spot on that list , he said . The trouble with teens Arthur Caplan , head of the division of medical ethics at NYU Langone Medical Center , noted that patients have to adhere to a lifelong regimen after receiving an organ transplant -- showing up at medical appointments , taking medications , monitoring changes in health -- and teenagers in general do n't have a good track record of following orders . Teenagers are n't automatically ruled out for heart transplants , but "  the consequence that ` you are going to die if you do n't take these medicines ' is far from the mind of a 17-year-old , " said Davies , the cardiothoracic surgeon . Instead of denying Anthony a spot on the transplant list , Caplan suggested that the boy should be counseled and worked with intensively so he understands what 's expected post-transplant -- that is , if the teenager can get a heart . Bell said the family did n't press the doctor on what led to overturning the decision regarding the transplant list . Personally , Bell attributes it to "  the handiwork of God and the media pressure . " In a video released by a family friend to CNN affiliate WSB before the reversal , Anthony plays chess and looks longingly outside his hospital window . The hospital did not comment on what led to doctors ' change of heart . Read more : Girl who underwent lung transplants takes steps toward recovery CNN 's Jacque Wilson and John Bonifield contributed to this report .	NEW : Teen told he will wait about 3 to 4 months for a new heart , family friend says A 15-year-old in Georgia initially told he could n't be on heart transplant list His family learned this week he 's being put on the transplant list Original hospital letter to family said teen denied due to "  history of noncompliance "
CNN  -- Ivory Coast international Emmanuel Eboue has completed his move from Arsenal to Turkish side Galatasaray , just one day after former Gunners captain Cesc Fabregas left the club to join European champions Barcelona . Eboue , 28 , has cost the Istanbul-based team $ 5 million and has signed a four-year contract at the Turk Telekom Arena . The right-back joined Arsenal from Belgian side Beveren in 2005 and made 214 appearances for Arsene Wenger 's side . Fabregas signs five-year Barcelona contract "  Arsenal have agreed terms with Turkish side Galatasaray for the transfer of Emmanuel Eboue , " read a statement on Arsenal 's official web site . "  Everyone at Arsenal thanks Emmanuel for his contribution towards the club and wishes him the best of luck for the future . " Eboue was a member of the Arsenal side beaten in the 2006 Champions League final by Barcelona -- and has played for the Ivory Coast at the last two World Cups -- Germany 2006 and South Africa 2010 . Another player leaving the Emirates Stadium is Mexican striker Carlos Vela , who has joined Spanish side Real Sociedad on loan . What now for Arsenal and Fabregas ? Vela spent the second half of last season on loan at West Bromwich Albion , where he scored two goals in 12 appearances . In the wake of Fabregas ' departure on Monday , Arsenal have announced Dutch international striker Robin van Persie will take over as club captain . Van Persie , 28 , joined Arsenal from Feyernoord in 2004 and was their top scorer last season with 18 league goals . Another club busy in the transfer market on Tuesday were 2010 Europa League winners Porto , who have agreed a deal with Belgian side Standard Liege for midfielder Steven Defour and defender Eliaquim Mangala . Defour , 23 , has 30 caps for the Belgian national side and was part of the Standard squad which claimed back-to-back league titles in 2008 and 2009 . French under-21 defender Mangala made his Standard debut in 2008 and was also part of the 10-time Belgian champions ' victorious squad in 2009 .	Emmanuel Eboue has joined Turkish side Galatasaray from Arsenal Eboue 's departure comes just one day after Cesc Fabregas joined Barcelona Robin van Persie will take over from Fabregas as Arsenal captain Porto agree to sign Steven Defour and Eliaquim Mangala from Standard Liege
MacDILL AIR FORCE BASE , Florida  CNN  -- No piece of equipment is more crucial to a soldier in the field than his rifle . And America 's most elite troops are about to get a new series of rifles designed for their unique and dangerous missions . CNN was given an exclusive look at two new rifles for an elite group of U.S. troops . "  The difference is , I 'm gon na have a weapon that 's gon na fit the situation , " an Army Ranger staff sergeant said . Special Operations Command  SOCOM  is about to start training its SEALs , Green Berets and other Special Operations troops in the use of Mark 16 and Mark 17 rifles . Within a year , the new rifles should be in action against terrorists and insurgents in Iraq , Afghanistan and hot spots the public may never hear about . The usually secretive SOCOM gave CNN an exclusive chance to see and even fire the new weapon recently at its headquarters near Tampa , Florida . Watch a preview of the new weapons " The contractors working with SOCOM to develop the weapon say it is more versatile and more accurate , jams less and lasts longer than the current rifle used by many Special Operations troops , the M-4 . The Mark 16  Mk16  fires a 5.56 mm round , the same size used for decades in M-16s and M-4s . The Mk17 fires a larger 7.62 mm round that is used in some U.S. military machine guns , but it 's not the same round as in the AK-47 , the world 's most widely used assault rifle . Both of the new rifles are designed to kill regardless of the situation . "  Whether that 's a soft target , a guy without body armor , or whether that 's an enemy force within a vehicle that you need to shoot through a window or the side of the vehicle and you want to ensure that round is not deflected , " said Tucker Campion , a retired Navy SEAL who now is a civilian contractor working on the new rifles . "  We want a round that , when it hits the enemy soldier , provides the maximum amount of damage . " Even though they fire different-size bullets , each rifle is largely interchangeable with the other . By changing only a few parts , including the bolt and the barrel , a soldier can switch from a gun that fires the lighter 5.56 mm round to one that shoots the heavier 7.62 mm round in a matter of minutes . That 's just one example of the rifle 's versatility . Each gun comes with three interchangeable barrels , and each gives the troops a specific advantage . "  If you were going to clear an urban environment , buildings , rooms , you 'd probably throw the short barrel on there , " the staff sergeant said . CNN is honoring the Ranger 's request not to identify him , because in battle , anonymity is crucial for Special Operations troops . "  If you 're in Afghanistan and you 're walking in the mountains and the hills and all that , and your distance is going to be a lot greater to the enemy , and you 're probably going to want to throw the longer barrel on there so you get that extra reach , " the Ranger said . Even though the rifles fire the same bullets as existing weapons , they are designed to be much more accurate . "  If you look at a current inventory assault rifle , you get 350 to 400 meters , " Campion said of their range of accuracy . "  Put a long barrel in  the new rifle  , and now you 're at 6 to 7  hundred meters  . So we 're extending the standoff between us and the enemy . " A longer standoff means an American can shoot an enemy soldier from farther away ; thus , the American is safer . One of the main goals was to design a gun that lasts longer . Campion says the M-4 is designed to fire 6,000 rounds over five years . But the Mk16 and Mk17 were designed for Special Operations , who are likely to fire 6,000 rounds in less than one year . The new rifles are designed to handle the greater rate of use and last twice as long . The design changes that make the Mk16 and Mk17 last longer also make them more reliable . Nothing is worse for a GI in battle than for his rifle to jam at the wrong moment , but it happens with all kinds of guns . These new rifles are designed to reduce those jamming problems as much as possible . The new rifle also comes in a Mk13 model , which includes a grenade launcher mounted below the barrel . To those who will use the rifles in the field , what they need first and foremost from the new weapons is success . E-mail to a friend	Military will train an elite group of troops with versatile new rifles Mark 16 , Mark 17 rifles designed for their unique and dangerous missions Usually secretive Special Operation Command gave CNN an exclusive look The new rifles are designed to handle the greater rate of use and last twice as long
CNN  -- Rebels in the oil-rich Niger Delta region said Friday they will launch new raids on oil installations to seize more hostages after Nigerian authorities freed 19 who had been seized . "  Our fighters have been instructed to carry out more raids on oil installations from where fresh hostages will be taken , " the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta  MEND  said in a statement . The 12 Nigerians and two Americans , two Frenchmen , one Canadian and two Indonesians were released Wednesday . Nigeria has launched an ongoing offensive targeting Delta , Bayelsa and Rivers states , the largest military campaign in the Niger Delta since the government offered an amnesty program in 2007 . MEND is one of several militant groups in the Niger Delta that has been battling the government for years over the distribution of the country 's oil wealth . In its statement , the group offered its own version of the rescue operation , saying the fighters guarding the hostages retreated in order to prevent a gun battle that would have "  endangered the lives of these hostages . " The group said the Nigerian military were tipped off to the location of the hostages by "  certain persons from this community , " but did not elaborate . The statement ended with a threat : "  As earlier promised , we will soon commence with a all-out attack on oil installations across the Niger Delta . "	The Nigerian military rescue 19 hostages MEND is one of several militant groups battling the government It says it will launch an all-out attack on oil installations
CNN  -- Hollywood actor Antonio Banderas is to sponsor a new Moto2 motorcycling team for the 2010 season , which will be called Jack & Jones by Antonio Banderas , the official Moto GP Web site has reported . The team will compete in the Moto2 world championship , the series below motorcycling 's elite MotoGP series , with the first race of the season in Qatar on April 11 . Riders Kenny Noyes and Joan Olive will be on board Promoharris prototypes for the team 's debut season . Banderas is a well-known motorcycling enthusiast , but this is his first sport-related business venture . He told www.motogp.com : "  I want to be involved with the team where the riders , both Joan and Kenny , have everything they need to compete at the highest level . "  I will go to every race I can , but obviously this depends on my professional workload with film and theatre . "  I am a motorcycle lover , and I 've been a big fan in recent years . This gave me the opportunity to compete on the inside and I did n't have to think about it ! " Speaking about the Moto2 category , Banderas added : "  I think it 's very interesting and that we 're really going to see the true qualities of the riders . "  Everyone has the same engine , which is very powerful and will underline the skill of every team and their technical staff . They will have the opportunity to advance the bikes as they look for the perfect balance for the riders . "	Hollywood actor Antonio Banderas launches new Moto2 team for this season The Moto2 series is the division below motorcyling 's elite MotoGP class Riders Kenny Noyes and Joan Olive will compete for the new team in Qatar
CNN  -- It 's happened to all of us . You wake up , have a bite , sip your coffee and then , full of energy and renewed optimism , you set off convinced that today will finally be your most productive day ever . And then commuting happens . Delayed trains , crammed buses , gridlock traffic -- they 're all there to drain out your energy and hold you back from that promotion you feel you righteously deserve . But what if you could avoid crowded streets and ill-tempered drivers once and for all by simply taking to the skies in less than 60 seconds ? That 's the proposal put forward by Eduardo Galvani , a Brazilian visual artist and creator of the Fly Citycopter , an urban aerial vehicle concept designed to help commuters whizz around easier and in a more green way . Galvani 's futuristic vision calls for a superlight personal helicopter that would be able to take off , fly and land while in autopilot mode . Made from carbon , aluminum and titanium , the Citycopter would use a combination of fans and electricity-powered motors to fly two people at a maximum speed of 130 miles per hour . In addition , solar cells embedded on the aircraft 's exterior would allow it to generate energy during the flight and help it reduce urban pollution . "  For most humans , a personal aerial vehicle is still just like a distant dream , " says Galvani , 36 . "  But when you think about this , and mentally join some pieces , you can realize that the actual available materials and technologies can make possible for us to create this new reality , where a personal helicopter can be most efficient , economic , safer and easy to pilot than a common helicopter , and a smart way of transportation . " True , there are still many practical issues that need to be resolved before we can fly our commuting blues away . Yet , Galvani says , he hopes his concept would inspire creative people to come together and develop cleaner -- and more exciting -- ways of urban transportation . Click on the points on the image above to find out more about the Fly Citycopter . Top image courtesy of Eduardo Galvani  .	The Fly Citycopter is designed to ease commuting woes and tackle urban pollution Creator Eduardo Galvani says the concept vehicle would be powered by electric motors The superlight helicopter would fly two people at a maximum speed of 130 miles per hour Viewing this from mobile ? Click here
CNN  -- A father and his two young sons were pushing a truck that had run out of gas down a road in December 2012 , when a drunk driver plowed into it , killing the boys . The drunk driver was then shot dead at the scene of the crash near Houston . On Wednesday , a Texas jury handed down a verdict of not guilty to father David Barajas in the shooting , CNN affiliate KHOU reported . After the hearing , prosecutor Jeri Yenne stepped in front of cameras to say that she still believed that Barajas killed Jose Banda . Otherwise , the state would n't have prosecuted , she said . "  We also know that the jury did not believe that beyond a reasonable doubt , " she said . "  We respect that . " During the trial Sam Cammack , Barajas ' defense attorney , was able to cast some doubt on the charges . He told jurors that the blood of a third , unknown person was found in Banda 's car . He accused authorities of jumping to conclusions . "  Obviously , at least how the evidence developed , they made up their minds at the scene that night and they never considered any other potential leads , even after the DNA came in , " KHOU reported Cammack as saying . The victim was a gang member , the defense argued , and someone else shot him that night in his wrecked car . The prosecution called an eyewitness who testified that Barajas had left the scene , returned minutes later then leaned into Banda 's car . He said he heard a gunshot but did n't see a gun . Barajas was relieved by the verdict . "  A lot of weight is lifted off my back . I 'm still destroyed . I 'm missing my sons , " he said . Son David was 12 , and Caleb was 11 when they died in the crash . Barajas and his wife have two remaining children . Barajas said he was praying not only for his family but for Bandas ' as well . "  They lost a son , too , " he said . "  This was a loss for everybody . "	David Barajas and his sons were pushing a truck that ran out of gas Drunk driver Jose Banda slammed into it , killing the boys Banda was shot dead at the scene Barajas ' lawyer argued that someone else shot Banda
CNN  -- A year ago Sunday , Neda Agha-Soltan died of a single gunshot wound to the chest . Her last moments -- captured on a cell phone camera and shown around the world -- catapulted her into the symbol of the postelection reform movement in Iran . Today , the Iranian regime 's crackdown seems to have driven protesters off the streets . But the movement is not weakening , some analysts say . Instead , it 's evolved into an online underground civil rights struggle , they say . "  I think they 're going to continue to move forward , whether in the form of a green movement or another type of movement , " said Karim Sadjadpour , a fellow at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  It 's just , basically , this march of history . " Agha-Soltan , 26 , was at an anti-government demonstration in Tehran when she was felled by a single bullet to the chest . "  She has been shot ! Someone , come and take her ! " shouts one man in the shaky cell phone video that has since been seen around the world . The video then shows blood streaming from her mouth , then from her nose . Her eyes roll to her right ; her body is limp . A man , who had accompanied her to the rally , is then heard pleading with her by name . "  Neda , do not be afraid , do not be afraid , " he repeats . Agha-Soltan was taken to a nearby hospital and , within a day , she was buried at Behesht Zahra , the city 's largest Muslim cemetery , on the outskirts of the capital . Immediately afterward , she emerged as the face of the anti-government movement . Even world leaders took notice . "  We 've seen courageous women stand up to the brutality and threats and we 've experienced the searing image of a woman bleeding to death on the streets , " said President Barack Obama . Eight days before Agha-Soltan 's death , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's landslide election victory unleashed massive demonstrations in the country . Thousands of green-clad protesters took to the streets , accusing the government of rigging the elections . Iran 's leaders called the uprising a foreign-led plot to overthrow the regime . It cracked down on the protesters -- with many killed and even more jailed . Images of the bloody crackdown fueled worldwide outrage . Agha-Soltan 's pictures are still carried on placards at rallies outside Iran . "  She will become the image of this brutality , and of the role -- the truly significant role -- that women have played in fighting this regime , " said Abbas Milani of Stanford University in California . "  I think that women are the unsung heroes of the last few years . They are the ones who began chipping away at the authority , the absolute dictatorship of the mullahs . " Iranian authorities continue to deny that security forces were responsible for killing Agha-Soltan . Instead , they have offered at least three separate explanations . They have blamed the CIA , terrorists and supporters of the opposition movement themselves . One year after Agha-Soltan 's death , Iranian officials have yet to announce a single arrest in connection with her killing .	Neda Agha-Soltan 's death made her a symbol of Iran 's anti-government movement Struggle has evolved into an online , underground one , analysts say Protesters still carry her picture at rallies Iran has not made an arrest in connection with her death
CNN  -- British police investigating abuse claims against disgraced TV host Jimmy Savile arrested a London man Sunday on suspicion of sexual offenses . Police did not release the suspect 's name , but said the man they arrested falls under the "  Savile and others " strand of their investigation . The man was later released on bail . British media reported that the man arrested was 1970s pop star Gary Glitter . A TV documentary a month ago detailed allegations of sexual abuse against Savile . Police investigating the scandal are dealing with about 300 apparent victims , Cmdr. Peter Spindler told reporters . Savile 's favored targets were apparently girls in their mid-teens in what Spindler said was "  alleged abuse on an unprecedented scale . " The British TV icon died in October 2011 at age 84 . But authorities have said they are preparing an arrest strategy for others , still living , against whom allegations have been made in connection with the Savile case . Profile : Idolized in life , reviled in death Countless Britons who grew up watching Savile on TV 's "  Top of the Pops " and his children 's program "  Jim 'll Fix It " have been left reeling by the slew of claims against him in the past month . The reputation of the British Broadcasting Corporation , his former employer , has also been tainted by the scandal amid questions over how his abuse went undetected , and its decision to drop a program investigating allegations him last year . "  Now the BBC risks squandering public trust because one of its stars over three decades was apparently a sexual criminal ; because he used his programme and popularity as a cover for his wickedness ; because he used BBC premises for some of his attacks ; and because others -- BBC employees and hangers-on -- may also have been involved , " BBC Chairman Lord Patten wrote in an editorial published Sunday in the Daily Mail . The BBC has said it is horrified by the revelations and has launched two independent inquiries . How scandal has rocked BBC Sunday 's arrest comes a day after Savile 's family made its first public statement since a slew of claims of sexual abuse of under-age girls destroyed the reputation of a man they had regarded as a hero . Savile 's nephew , Roger Foster , had defended his late uncle -- who hosted shows watched and heard by a generation of young Britons -- in a newspaper interview before the allegations emerged in a TV documentary a month ago . But as those few claims snowballed into hundreds , the family had to face up to the horrific truth : that the man they were so proud of as a media star and tireless charity fundraiser had a far darker side to his past . "  I watched the program in horror and could not believe that these allegations were about our uncle . This was n't the man we knew and loved , " Foster said . "  We began to have doubts as to our own feeling towards our uncle . How could the person we thought we knew and loved do such a thing ? "  Why would a man who raised so much money for charity , who gave so much of his own time and energy for others risk it all doing indecent criminal acts ? How could anyone live their life doing the ` most good and most evil ' at the same time ? " CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	British media say that the man arrested was 1970s pop star Gary Glitter Police say they arrested a London man on suspicion of sexual offenses They are investigating after a documentary detailed allegations of sexual abuse against Savile Savile 's nephew : "  I watched the program in horror "
Madrid  CNN  -- Just one day after a tense debate in Spanish parliament on how to stop political corruption , a leading newspaper published Thursday what it said were handwritten documents detailing 19 years of secretive payments to leaders of the ruling conservative Popular Party . El Pais newspaper said the alleged payments through 2009 -- off the party 's normal books -- went to Mariano Rajoy , a longtime party leader and Spain 's prime minister since December 2011 , and to numerous other current or former top party officials . Spain in 2013 : Is the worst over ? The party quickly issued a statement Thursday morning , denying any "  hidden accounts " and insisting that all payments to party leaders have been "  legal and in compliance with tax obligations . " Thursday evening , hundreds of protesters reacting to the report gathered near the ruling party 's headquarters . They were kept back a distance from the building itself by riot police on two ends of a long street . The protesters called for the prime minister to resign and sarcastically chanted , "  Our taxes are your envelopes , " a reference to the secretive cash payments reported to have occurred . The latest allegations -- making headlines across all Spanish media -- came as corruption scandals , affecting several political parties and even the royal household , have rocked the nation during its deep economic crisis , with a recession and an unemployment rate of 26 % . Corruption was seen as a key problem by 17 % of Spaniards in the government 's main "  CIS " survey last December , nearly double the rate of the previous month and the highest rate by far since the term "  corruption and fraud " was included in the poll 11 years ago . Read more : Spanish duke subpoenaed in corruption case El Pais reported that the money came into Popular Party coffers through secretive donations from construction firms and other businesses , and was used for various purposes , including tens of thousands of dollars in secretive payments to party officials . El Pais reported that the individuals and companies cited in the alleged documents have denied giving or receiving party funds in an off-the-books manner . Read more : How the indignados motivated Spain A former Popular Party treasurer , Luis Barcenas , is under investigation for an alleged multimillion-dollar account in Switzerland . El Pais headlined its story Thursday : "  The secret papers of Barcenas . " Another newspaper , ABC , headlined its story : "  Luis Barcenas accuses the Popular Party leadership of having collected in B , " the letter Spaniards typically mention when referring to secretive payments made in cash , with the aim of avoiding taxes . Dolores de Cospedal , the Popular Party 's secretary general , was critical of the reports on Rajoy . "  The only aim of this alleged information is to hurt the Popular Party , its leaders , and certainly to hurt the prime minister , " she said . But opposition socialists said there is a quick way to clear up any doubts . Said Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba of the Socialist Party : "  I ask that the prime minister himself makes an appearance to answer two simple questions : Did he collect these payments or not ; and if so , off the books or aboveboard ? " A separate scandal is affecting Spain 's royal household , where King Juan Carlos ' son-in-law has been a suspect in a fraud case since last year . Read more : Court drops case against Spain 's best-known judge Inaki Urdangarin , who was granted the title of Duke of Palma when he married the king 's youngest daughter , Princess Cristina , in 1997 , is under investigation for allegedly diverting public funds that were earmarked for his foundation for private use . A judge has ordered Urdangarin and a former business associate , Diego Torrres -- both of whom profess their innocence -- to deposit a joint bond of 8 million euros  $ 10.8 million  for potential civil damages . If not , the judge would move to embargo assets of the two men , a court spokeswoman said . And this week , the secretary of Princess Cristina and her sister , Princess Elena , was named as a suspect in the same case . The secretary , Carlos Garcia Revenga , denies any wrongdoing and has been called to testify at a preliminary hearing in late February . The Socialist Party in past years has been hit by corruption scandals involving large sums of money and top officials . Last week , the party forced out the director of a party foundation after allegations that he and his wife received payments for articles written under a pseudonym . The Socialists called on other parties to also come clean when hit by scandals . The Catalan nationalist Convergence and Union coalition , or CiU , the ruling party in the northeastern region of Catalonia , also has seen recent allegations of corruption against current or former leaders , and some of their family members . All of these allegations have also been denied .	Latest scandal involves allegations of payments to Popular Party leaders December survey shows growing number of Spaniards see corruption as a key problem Another scandal is affecting Spain 's royal household Parties named in the scandals have said they 're innocent of the charges against them
CNN  -- World champion Jorge Lorenzo triumphed in his home MotoGP on Sunday after an incident-packed race at Jerez . It was a Spanish one-two with Dani Pedrosa finishing second for Honda with Ducati 's Nicky Hayden completing the podium . But it proved a heartbreaking afternoon for Italy 's Marco Simoncelli , who looked to be headed for his maiden MotoGP win on his Honda before sliding off in wet conditions when leading Lorenzo by three seconds . Pole sitter Casey Stoner , who won the opening round in Qatar , did not finish in a chaotic race as he fell victim to a mistake by his arch-rival Valentino Rossi , who started from 12th before joining the leading group . But the Ducati star , who had overtaken former teammate Lorenzo , tried to pass Stoner , but as he overtook on the inside he lost control of his bike , sending both of them off . "  Rossi came up the inside and was n't able to stay on the bike and took me out , " Stoner told the official MotoGP website . "  It was not the best day for us for sure , after such a good weekend . We 're very disappointed with this result . " Rossi was able to restart his bike , but Aussie Stoner was not so lucky and missed out on the points with Lorenzo taking over at the top of the standings after two rounds from Pedrosa . Rossi eventually finished fifth , taking advantage of spills for compatriot Simoncelli and American Ben Spies , who had passed Pedrosa for second but then ended in the gravel , losing 20 points . Colin Edwards was also set for the podium , but also went off to allow former world champion Hayden and fellow American Hayden the chance to claim that honor for Ducati for the first time . In the Moto2 category , Italian Andrea Iannone rode his Suter to victory with Swiss Thomas Luthi , also on a Suter , second and Italian Simone Corsi  FTR  third . Spaniard Nicolas Terol won on his Aprilia in the 125cc category .	World champion Jorge Lorenzo wins Spanish MotoGP at Jerez Spaniard takes victory after Marco Simoncelli slides off while leading Former champion Valentino Rossi collides into polesitter Casey Stoner Rossi able to carrry on to claim fifth in wet conditions which claim many riders
Berlin  CNN  The horrific twin attacks in Paris last week have sent shockwaves throughout Europe . Political leaders from across the EU joined millions of French mourners on Sunday , and Europeans-at-large continue to pay tribute with public vigils , flowers and candles , and minutes of silence . Yet this outpouring of solidarity must not obscure another response across the continent . Leaders of Europe 's far-right have been quick to blame Islam and immigration , mosques have been defaced in France and elsewhere , and a xenophobic movement called "  Patriotic Europeans against the Islamization of the Occident " brought tens of thousands to the streets of Germany this week . This extreme strand of European publics and politics will likely receive a boost from the French tragedy . Anti-immigration and anti-Islamic sentiments have been on a steady rise in Europe for years . While a majority of Europeans appreciates mobility and migration within the European Union , they are largely negative about immigration from outside of the EU , according to the latest Eurobarometer survey . This opposition is particularly pronounced towards Muslim immigrants . Half and more of all Europeans view Islam as incompatible with the Western world , while Islam is seen as an outright threat by between one-third of all Brits and almost two-thirds of all Spaniards , according to a recent Bertelsmann study . Holders of such views will surely see the Paris attacks as confirmation ; many others may now question their hitherto more moderate opinions . It is these sentiments , along with fears over economic prospects , aversion to the political establishment and doubts in the European project , that populist and typically far-right parties have successfully tapped in recent years . Virtually every EU country has seen the rise of such a political force , and their combined representation in the European Parliament has shot up to 20 % in last year 's elections . For these parties , the Paris attacks truly are a "  told-you-so " moment . Nigel Farage of the United Kingdom Independence Party blamed "  a fifth column within our countries , " while Geert Wilders of the Freedom Party in the Netherlands claimed that it was time to "  de-Islamize our country . " Marine Le Pen of the French Front National urged that "  time 's up for denial and hypocrisy , " and Alexander Gauland of the Alternative for Germany saw all those proven wrong who had ignored the Islamist threat . Sadly , these slogans are more likely than ever before now to resonate with European publics . This combination of a considerable portion of Europeans that are skeptical of , if not outright hostile to , Muslims and migrants , and the ever more aggressive rhetoric of the populist far-right puts a massive pressure on Europe 's politics and societies alike . First and foremost , Europe 's Muslim communities are likely to suffer . Although in their overwhelming majority , they are integrated and identify with Europe , blanket suspicion against Islam , resentments in day-to-day life , and assaults on their community are bound to increase and deepen fear and alienation among Muslims . This will feed segregation among Muslim and non-Muslim communities , and provide a fertile ground for the radicalization of some young Muslims . In short , European Muslims are at risk of being driven away from mainstream European societies . Secondly , the political climate and culture in Europe will change . Under attack from extremists , whether in parliament or in the streets , mainstream political parties will be tempted to move away from their typically centered , whether somewhat to the left or right , positions . Politics will move to tighten immigration laws , select highly-skilled migrants over refugees from war zones , push for their greater assimilation , and install additional security measures . As a result , further liberties of European citizens are likely to be sacrificed as political establishments try to preempt a further growth of extremist parties . This is a slippery slope , as radicals will quickly produce the next phobia that they demand to be addressed . Thirdly , this changing climate and politics will also impact on migration and migrants broadly , beyond Muslims . Already there have been fierce debates to limit intra-European migration , whether hurdles to Central and Eastern Europeans after their countries joined the European Union , or restrictions on social benefits EU citizens can draw across borders . Much as these debates are already taking their toll on some of Europe 's poorest , such as the Roma , future approaches to immigration to the EU will likely exclude some of the world 's most underprivileged , such as asylum-seekers . Fortress Europe will become even more of a reality . Europe can still stem this dangerous trend . Millions of French people , of all origins and faiths , have given a powerful example of unity , openness and inclusiveness last week , as have tens of thousands of pro-tolerance and pro-immigration marchers in Germany this week . It is now also on Europe 's political class to resolutely refute the many "  told-you-so 's " on the continent . READ : Attack will empower Europe 's far right	Leaders of Europe 's far-right have been quick to blame Islam and immigration for the Paris attacks Europe 's Muslim communities set to suffer , Joerg Forbrig says , as politicians question hitherto moderate opinions Radicals will quickly produce the next phobia that they demand to be addressed , Forbrig writes
CNN  -- Jessica Heeringa , 25 , was due to close the Michigan gas station where she was working alone as a cashier at 11:30 p.m. Friday . But at 11:15 , police got a 911 call that the station was unmanned . When police responded , Heeringa was gone . "  Something very bad happened , " the police chief of Norton Shores , a community of 22,500 near Lake Michigan about 40 miles west of Grand Rapids , told CNN affiliate WOOD-TV . "  This was an abduction , not just a missing person , " Chief Daniel Shaw told the station . "  There was nothing disturbed inside the store . There was no sign of a struggle or a robbery had occurred , " Shaw told the station . Heeringa 's purse was left in the store , and her car was still there , WOOD reported . Heeringa last served a customer about 10:50 p.m. , police said . "  Between the time that last purchase was made and the time that the customers came in and found the store empty is when Jessica was abducted , " Shaw told WOOD . "  We have spoken with the person who made the purchase there and cleared them of any wrong . And unfortunately , they did n't see anything that would lead them to believe there was something going on at the store that was leading to that abduction . " The chief told the station police are looking for the driver of a silver minivan who was seen in the store 's parking area late Friday . Shaw described him as a white male , between 30 and 40 , with wavy hair parted in the middle , according to WOOD . The van could have been a Chrysler Town and Country , he told the station . The store did not have security cameras , leaving police with few other clues . "  We are desperately looking for additional information , " he told WOOD on Monday morning . Heeringa 's family and friends were posting missing posters around the area , and a Facebook page was set up for people to offer clues or support . "  We are searching ! Hang tight ! The whole Country wants you home ! " said a Facebook post from Monday morning . Tips had come in from as far away as New Jersey , Missouri and Arkansas , WOOD reported . Heeringa is described as 5 feet , 1 inches tall , 110 pounds with blond hair , blue eyes and wearing wire-rimmed glasses . She has a 3-year-old son , her family told CNN affiliate WZZM-TV . Besides local police , the county sheriff 's department and the Michigan State Police were involved in the investigation , according to local media reports . The FBI has also been contacted , the reports said . "  We 've got a team of detectives and investigators on staff all day and night to track down those leads , " Shaw told WOOD . "  We are very concerned . It 's been too long , " Heeringa 's grandfather , Roman Homrich , told Mlive.com on Monday . Heeringa 's mother , Shelly Heeringa , told WZZM that she thinks her daughter 's abductor was a past customer who knew Jessica and the store . "  She 's very helpful , that 's why I think he lured her out of the gas station , " the mother told the station . "  He knew there was n't security cameras . " People with information that may help find Heeringa are asked to call the Norton Shores police at 231-733-2691 .	Jessica Heeringa was lone clerk at gas station She last served customer at 10:50 p.m. Friday , police say Station was reported empty at 11:15 p.m. "  Something very bad happened , " police chief tells TV station
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The actor who gave voice to Pinocchio in Walt Disney 's 1940 animation movie , died at his home Monday night , the Los Angeles County coroner 's office said Tuesday . Richard Percy Jones , known in film and television as Dick Jones , was 87 . The cause of death has not yet been determined , according to Fred Corral of the coroner 's office . A daughter found Jones on a bathroom floor of his Northridge , California , home , Corral said . Disney Studios named Jones a "  Disney Legend " in 2000 in recognition of his work on the iconic film . "  At the time , ` Pinocchio ' was just a job , " Jones said at the time of induction . "  Who knew it would turn out to be the classic that it is today ? I count my lucky stars that I had a part in it . " In addition to voicing the script , Jones also wore a puppet costume and acted out scenes to help Disney animators draw the cartoon . Born in McKinney , Texas , on February 25 , 1927 , his acting career started when he was just 3 years old . Cowboy film legend Hoot Gibson discovered the child while appearing in a rodeo in Jones ' hometown , according to his Disney biography . "  Hoot told my mother I ought to be in pictures and sponsored our trip to Hollywood , " Jones said . Jones acted in Jimmy Stewart 's "  Mr. Smith Goes to Washington " and "  Destry Rides Again " during the same 19 months he was working on Pinocchio , according to his bio . He was drafted into the U.S. Army in 1944 , but returned to Hollywood after the second world war . Jones acted in Errol Flynn 's "  Rocky Mountain " and several other movies before the start of his television acting career in 1949 . He used his skills as a horseman to work as a stuntman for Gene Autry 's Flying A Productions . Jones played the sidekick in "  The Range Rider " television series before getting his own western series , "  Buffalo Bill , Jr. " in the 1950s . His 200 TV appearances include guest star roles in "  Gunsmoke , " "  Annie Oakley " and "  The Lone Ranger . " When he left acting to start a career in real estate in 1959 , he had appeared in nearly 100 movies , according to Disney . People we 've lost in 2014	Richard Percy Jones , known in film and TV as Dick Jones , was 87 Disney Studios named Jones a "  Disney Legend " "  At the time , Pinocchio was just a job , " Jones said Jones appeared in nearly 100 films and 200 TV shows
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- China 's top security official paid a surprise visit to Afghanistan , where he met with President Hamid Karzai on issues ranging from investment and bilateral trade to to terrorism and drug trafficking , China 's state-run news agency said Sunday . The visit Saturday by Zhou Yongkang , a member of Communist Party 's politburo , the elite group of 25 men who run China , was the first visit by a top Chinese official since 1955 , Xinhua reported . Beijing kept the visit secret because of security concerns , the agency said . "  It is the consistent policy of the Chinese government and the  party  to consolidate and develop China-Afghanistan relations , " Zhou said in a statement reported by Xinhua . Zhou also said China is willing to make "  due contributions " to peace and stability . "  We will continue to provide assistance to Afghanistan with no attached conditions and sincerely hope the Afghan people can regain peace as soon as possible and build a better home in a peaceful environment , " he added . Karzai and Chinese President Hu Jintao held a summit in Beijing in June . The two countries decided at the time to develop a strategic and cooperative partnership , Xinhua reported .	China 's top security official visited Afghanistan on Saturday and met with President Hamid Karzai Visit was first by a top Chinese official since 1955 , according to China 's state-run Xinhua agency China kept the visit secret because of security concerns , Xinhua said
Moscow  CNN  -- Ireland 's expulsion of a Russian diplomat over spying allegations is "  clearly an unfriendly step that will not go unanswered , " Russia 's deputy foreign minister said Wednesday , according to a report . Vladimir Titov 's remarks were reported by the state-run RIA-Novosti news agency . The ministry press office told CNN it was not aware of the comment and could not elaborate . Ireland on Tuesday rebuked Russia for "  completely unacceptable " behavior and expelled a diplomat after an investigation found that the Russian intelligence services had forged Irish passports , the government said . An investigation by the Garda Siochana police force found the Russian intelligence services made "  false documents based on the acquisition of details of six genuine passports belonging to Irish citizens , " and effectively stole the identities of six Irish people , the Department of Foreign Affairs said in a statement . The probe -- launched after last year 's discovery of a Russian espionage operation in the United States -- found "  an entirely persuasive picture " of such activities , the statement said . The department 's secretary general met with the Russian ambassador and informed him that it is "  not the behavior the government would expect from a country with which we have friendly relations , " the statement said . "  The ambassador was also told that the accreditation of a named member of his staff with diplomatic status is to be terminated . ... The individual in question has been asked to leave this jurisdiction by a specified date . " The statement added , "  It is hoped that it will be possible to move on from this disturbing incident and to develop further the relationship between Ireland and the Russian Federation which is fundamentally strong and which has significant potential . " CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	Ireland 's "  unfriendly step " will "  not go unanswered , " a deputy minister says Ireland says a probe found Russian intelligence services forged passports Ireland calls the incident "  disturbing " The investigation was launched after Russian agents were discovered in the United States
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan authorities said Tuesday they have recaptured 65 of the more than 400 inmates who slipped out of a southern Afghanistan prison a day earlier through a nearly quarter-mile tunnel dug beneath the compound . A massive search operation continues to find the others -- many of them insurgent fighters , said the Kandahar governor 's office . The Taliban issued a statement taking responsibility for the escape from the prison in Kandahar , the Taliban 's birthplace . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahed said digging the tunnel took five months . The escape took four and a half hours , he said . The Taliban claimed 541 prisoners escaped . The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force said the number of escaped prisoners was closer to 470 . The Taliban said 106 of the escapees were military commanders , but there was no immediate government confirmation of the claim . Monday 's break was the second escape at the prison in three years . In 2008 , as many as 1,000 prisoners -- nearly half of them Taliban members -- escaped after militants detonated a truck bomb against the side of the prison compound . The prison houses some of the country 's most dangerous Taliban prisoners , and the escape was an embarrassment for the Afghanistan government and its Western allies , said CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen . "  It 's , I think , quite a black eye for the U.S. and NATO and the Afghan government , who have put quite a lot of resources into trying to improve the prison systems , and here you have this massive prison break , with sadly , some pretty hardcore Taliban prisoners who escaped , " he said . Waheed Omer , a spokesman for Afghan President Hamid Karzai , called the mass escape "  bad news and a disaster . " Although the Taliban said some of the escapees were military commanders , it 's unlikely the escape will have a significant impact on military operations in Afghanistan , said Thomas E. Gouttierre , director of the Center of Afghanistan Studies at the University of Nebraska in Omaha . "  I do n't think I would see this as a big blow to Western efforts in Afghanistan , " he said . Instead , he said Afghanistan 's government is likely to bear the brunt of criticism for failing to anticipate or prevent the escape , especially after previous escapes at this and other prisons . In the 2008 escape , militants used a truck loaded with about two tons of explosives and driven by suicide drivers to blast holes in the mud brick walls of the prison . A gun and rocket battle followed , lasting several hours and ending with militants rushing into the prison on motorcycles to free prisoners , according to Taliban accounts of the attack . Nine guards , seven prisoners and one civilian were killed in the attack , according to the provincial government . Security forces said they tried to track down the escaped prisoners , but said the large Taliban presence in the region and the numerous hideouts located there made it difficult to hunt down militants . Kandahar has been the site of fierce fighting between international forces and insurgents . It has been the site of numerous anti-Western demonstrations , recently over the burning of the Quran , Islam 's holy book , by a pastor in the United States . On April 15 , the police chief of Kandahar province was killed when a man wearing a military uniform detonated a bomb at the entrance to the police headquarters . In February , 10 people died when mines exploded at a playground during a picnic hosted by a former police commander . In a separate incident , 19 people , including 15 police officers , died when armed attackers targeted police headquarters . After attacks on the country 's ministry of defense , the assassination of the police chief and now Monday 's prison break , Kandahar resident Kari Ghar said it 's "  impossible to call this system a government . " "  This is the worst possible weakness of the Afghan government that almost every single political prisoners escape from the central jail in Kandahar , " Ghar said . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report .	Taliban claims 106 of the escapees were military commanders Afghan president 's office calls jail break a "  disaster " The Taliban claims to have facilitated the prison break by digging a tunnel Kandahar resident : "  Impossible to call this system a government "
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Five more defendants were sentenced to death for their roles in summer riots that killed around 200 people in western China , officials said Thursday . The five sentenced to death were among 22 defendants that went on trial this week by the Intermediate People 's Court of Urumqi , according to a local government statement . Along with the five people to be executed , another five were sentenced to death but the execution will be postponed for two years , the statement said . The others received sentences ranging from 10 years in prison to life in prison . This group is part of dozens of people who have put on trial for the alleged role in the violent ethnic clashes in China 's Xinjiang autonomous region that broke out this summer . More than 20 people have received death sentences after being convicted of crimes related to the unrest . The riots in July were prompted by long-simmering resentment between minority Uyghurs and majority Han Chinese . The Uyghurs are mostly Muslims in Xinjiang . Some Islamists refer to the region as East Turkistan . Around 200 people were believed to have been killed in the riots . The unrest continued in August when Uyghurs were accused of attacking Han Chinese with syringes filled with different substances . In September , China sent 7,000 security personnel to Urumqi to ease tensions after Han Chinese protested the syringe attacks . China 's constitution guarantees ethnic minorities equal rights . However , minority groups such as the Uyghurs say the Han discriminate and ethnic tensions run deep .	More than 20 people have received death sentences after being convicted following riots July riots prompted by long-simmering resentment between minority Uyghurs and majority Han Unrest continued in August when Uyghurs were accused of attacking Han with syringes
CNN  -- A year ago in an interview with CNN 's Carol Costello , I said it would take a difference-maker , a Rosa Parks or a Jackie Robinson-like figure , to stand up for what is right and break the ice so real progress can be made in the battle for equality in professional sports . Twelve shorts months later , we get to meet that courageous person , the one who is creating positive change and breaking down barriers before our very eyes . Like Parks or Robinson , Michael Sam is a difference-maker . Never before has there been an openly gay player active on a roster in the three biggest professional sports leagues -- NFL , MLB and NBA . With his decision to come out publicly as he begins his professional football career , Michael Sam will forever be seen as an iconic figure to professional athletes and the LGBT community . He is a bold spirit who has just accelerated the process of acceptance of homosexuals in professional sports . Is the NFL ready for a gay player ? Truthfully , it does n't matter . The time has come . There will , however , be players , fans and organizations who directly or indirectly express their ignorant , homophobic and antiquated views on homosexuality . As a former professional athlete , I can imagine what it is like to anticipate receiving the league 's first openly gay player , and it should be a great honor for any player to gain Sam as a teammate . It would allow them to be a part of this movement into a new era . Conversely , there will be players such as Jonathan Vilma who will express concern about how to respond if gay teammates tried to look at them while they are naked in the locker room or shower . There will be baleful fans who hide behind screen names in chat rooms and on Twitter and Facebook who "  shout " in all caps hateful , derogatory and homophobic slurs at gay athletes . This type of person matters not , and they should just continue to be ignored and remain as nameless , faceless , irrelevant cowards . There may be NFL teams who will not draft Sam in the upcoming draft now . You may hear that some general managers of NFL teams think that a gay player would be a distraction for the team . When you hear these types of comments , just chuckle and remember that the Missouri Tigers finished the 2013 season ranked No. 5 in the nation , went 12-2 in the Southeastern Conference , or SEC  arguably the best conference in all of college football  , while their star player , Sam , was named First Team All-American , SEC co-defensive player of the year -- and he happened to be gay . Sam told his team about his sexuality before the 2013 season , and I am blown away by the incredible example that has been set by his teammates , his head coach Gary Pinkel , and the entire Missouri football staff . They embraced him , supported him , rallied behind him and respected him enough to let him come out to the public on his own terms . Their example is a microcosm of what homosexuality in sports can and will be . Will Sam 's decision to come out before the NFL draft have a negative effect on his draft status ? Perhaps , but if teams pass on Sam because of his sexual orientation , they did not deserve him . Courageous difference-makers deserve to be surrounded by bold , brave and like-minded leaders . I reiterate : It will be a boon to gain Sam as a teammate . Many of us grew up in households where we learned that that everyone is created equally , but as we discovered the world and some of the ignorant and hateful people in it , we learned that everyone is not treated equally . History shows us that many groups were unjustifiably treated differently . It is baffling and unthinkable today that some "  minority groups " were ostracized and mistreated because of their race , religion , gender , height , handedness , and even because of their birthmarks . Ignorance can be overcome . Equality can be achieved . Complete acceptance of homosexuals in professional sports will not come easy . Great things rarely do . There will be much backlash and discussion . Some will call Sam "  crazy " for coming out . But the same adjective could have been used to describe some of the greatest minds and difference-makers the world has ever known . Martin Luther King Jr. , Florence Kelley , Eleanor Roosevelt and many others have stood up for what is right , and the rest of us have benefited . We can all contribute to our society as the greats before us have , but to do so , we have to be willing to smash the status quo and perhaps be called "  crazy . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Coy Wire	Coy Wire : In battle for equality in sports , Michael Sam is a difference-maker He says by coming out , the NFL prospect accelerated acceptance of gays in sports He was a star player with the fifth-ranked Missouri Tigers and says his team stood behind him Wire : The time has come for this ; ignorance can be overcome .
AOL Autos  -- With gas prices as volatile as a swarm of bees that just had their honey stolen , the SUV market has started to shatter . You can rent cargo trailers from U-Haul and other retailers , starting as low as $ 14.95 per day . If you drive a big SUV or pickup truck , you 're probably trying to think of ways to save fuel , or -- gasp -- getting rid of that big vehicle and driving a fuel-efficient sedan or coupe . But you probably bought that truck for a reason -- you need to carry people and or lots of stuff . Do n't despair . There are options if you decide to ditch the behemoth . If you 're used to throwing everything from bicycles to sports equipment to home improvement material in the back of your SUV , abandoning it for a smaller more efficient car does n't have to mean abandoning your active lifestyle . There are plenty of simple , creative solutions to enhance the utility of your ordinary car . Just use common sense when you load up , and you can safely transport an amazing load of equipment and people in a smaller vehicle . Here are 10 tips and products to help you out : Tip No. 1 : Install a trailer hitch If you 're serious about getting the most out of your car as a gear-hauler , you 're going to want to install a trailer hitch . SUVs and pickup trucks usually come equipped with a receiver from the factory . Most cars today built are unibodies or monocoques  meaning that the body pieces and structural elements are all fused together into one structural element  , as opposed to body-on-frame construction  where the body pieces are attached to an underlying frame  . In general , body-on-frame vehicles are more robust , and have higher tow ratings , but unibodies can still be equipped with trailer hitches . U-Haul is an excellent source for information about hitches and towing , and sells self-install tow hitches starting at around $ 120 . Tip No. 2 : Know your limits Overloading your car can be disastrous . It 's not only dangerous , it 's also potentially damaging to your vehicle . You can damage your suspension components , wheels and tires , ruin your transmission and over-tax your engine if you are n't careful . Check your owner 's manual for payload limits and towing capacities before you start piling cargo in and on your vehicle . And do n't forget to account for the weight of passengers when you calculate your payload -- a sedan full of six adults could weigh a thousand pounds or more , especially if you 've got big friends . AOL Autos : Safest cars -- sedans Tip No. 3 : Bring the bicycles Riding a bike is fun but you 've got to get your bicycle to the starting point . There are several safe , efficient ways to transport your bike outside a sedan . Toss it on the trunk -- For a temporary mount that does n't require any permanent alteration to your car , a trunk-mounted carrier is a great choice . Tuckerman Racks has models that start as low as $ 100 . AOL Autos : Most popular crossovers Rack it on the roof -- Take advantage of that lower profile , and mount a specialty bike rack on your car 's roof . Yakima makes several models starting at around $ 150 . Just watch out for low-hanging branches and avoid urban parking garages . Strap it to the spare -- Some small crossovers , like the Toyota RAV4 , store their spare tire on the tailgate . Allen Racks and other companies make bike carriers that use the spare tire mount as a support for bike racks starting around $ 100 . AOL Autos : Top 10 most fuel-efficient cars Hook it on the hitch -- If you followed Tip No. 1 , and you have a hitch receiver installed on your car already , there 's a wide variety of hitch-mounted bicycle racks to choose from , including Hollywood Racks , which has models starting at about $ 125 . Tip No. 4 : Roof rack systems Just because you 're not driving a Tahoe anymore , that does n't mean you ca n't get your kayak to the shore . Thule makes a roof rack system  starting at around $ 320  that can be fitted with a multi-kayak carrier that will have you floating downstream in no time -- just do n't forget your paddle . Tip No. 5 : Soft-sided car top carriers What if you 're going camping and you just need to get your tent to the campsite ? Then a soft-sided car top carrier might be the ticket . Piggy Pack makes a variety of weather-resistant carriers that start at just $ 69 . AOL Autos : Affordable crossover vehicles Tip No. 6 : Streamlined car top boxes If you 're traveling a little further , or if you want a little bit of additional security for your rooftop load , a streamlined car top box , like the ones from Thule , can do the job , starting at around $ 200 . In addition to great protection from the weather , these lightweight fiberglass carriers are designed to reduce wind resistance and noise , so they 're quieter and more efficient than soft-sided carriers . Tip No. 7 : Hitch-mounted cargo carriers If you are nervous about hauling gear on top of your vehicle , and you followed Tip No. 1 , you could take advantage of a hitch-mounted cargo carrier like the ones from B-Dawg , starting at about $ 125 . AOL Autos : Top 10 SUVs to take off-road Hitch-mounted cargo carriers have distinct advantages over roof-mounted units : They are much easier to load ; once loaded , they have a much lower center of gravity and less of a negative effect on vehicle handling . Just do n't forget that you 've increased your vehicle 's effective overall length , so parking and maneuvering in traffic will be a little trickier . Tip No. 8 : Utility trailers Sometimes there 's just not enough room in or around your car , and you have to think outside the box . A utility trailer , like the ones from Carry-On Trailer , starts at about $ 500 , and will help you carry that lawn mower , picnic bench or new grille home with ease . Many home centers rent utility trailers for short term use -- if you 've installed a trailer hitch , you can drag that cool sale item home . Tip No. 9 : Cargo trailers If you find yourself regularly hauling sensitive large items home , like antique furniture or artwork , you might want to investigate a lightweight cargo trailer like the ones from Wells Cargo , starting at around $ 1,500 . A closed trailer protects your cargo from prying eyes , from the weather and from the effects of wind in transit . You can also rent cargo trailers from U-Haul and other retailers , starting as low as $ 14.95 per day . Tip No. 10 : Tow dollies Sometimes you 're doing the towing , sometimes you 're being towed . If you 've got too much stuff to fit inside , on top of or behind your car , maybe you should consider renting a cargo van or truck and hooking your car up on a car tow dolly , like one from Tracy Performance , starting at about $ 1,400 . Most cars can be safely towed with a dolly -- then when you arrive at your destination , you 've got your stuff , and you 've got your car for quick trips . In some cases , it 's the best of both worlds . And you can do that all without a full-sized SUV or pickup truck .	You can safely transport loads of equipment and people in a small vehicle Thule makes a roof rack system that can be fitted with a multi-kayak carrier Streamlined car top boxes are designed to reduce wind resistance and noise You can also rent a truck or RV and tow your car behind it
CNN  -- Prosecutors released a summary of evidence Tuesday in the case against neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman , who is accused of second-degree murder in the death of Trayvon Martin . The eight-page document released to the public contains a list of possible witnesses and law enforcement reports that could be used in the prosecution 's case against Zimmerman . But it does n't include details from those statements or reports , and contains no new revelations about the case , which sparked nationwide protests and reflection on race relations and gun laws in the United States . The document is part of the routine exchange of information between prosecutors and defense attorneys that occurs before trials . Defense attorney Mark O'Mara said Monday on the website set up to release information from Zimmerman 's side that his office had received "  67 compact discs and numerous hardcopy documents " from prosecutors , including many of the records and statements mentioned in the summary . "  Please remember and understand that it is inappropriate for us to comment on particular pieces of evidence , " O'Mara said in the website statement . Zimmerman , 28 , is accused of killing Martin on February 26 as the African-American teenager walked back to the Sanford , Florida , house where he was staying , after visiting a convenience store . Prosecutors have said Zimmerman , who is a white Hispanic , killed Martin unjustly after profiling him . Zimmerman , who acknowledges shooting Martin but claims self-defense , has entered a not guilty plea in the case , which has not yet been scheduled for trial . A timeline of the case against George Zimmerman The document lists 50 possible law enforcement witnesses , including 28 officers from the 140-member Sanford Police Department . It also lists 28 civilian witnesses , including Martin 's brother , mother and father , two of Zimmerman 's friends -- Joe Oliver and Frank Taffe -- and his father , Robert Zimmerman . Prosecutors did not give names for 22 other potential civilian witnesses . Attorneys have previously expressed concern about publicly identifying some witnesses who may fear retribution for their roles in the case , which has inflamed passions among supporters of both Martin and Zimmerman . At least one of the witness interviews was conducted by Martin family attorney Benjamin Crump , according to the document . Evidence taken from Zimmerman after the shooting , including his weapon , bullets , clothes , a DNA sample , medical records and his cell phone data were also included in the disclosure to defense attorneys , according to the document . The document indicates that police technicians in biological and DNA evidence , trace evidence , gunshot residue , fingerprints and firearms may testify , along with two FBI agents , as well as two audio technicians who analyzed emergency calls made during the confrontation between Zimmerman and Martin in an effort to determine who was heard screaming in the background . Experts Tom Owen and Edward Primeau concluded that the screams did not come from Zimmerman , who told police that Martin rushed him after they exchanged words , knocked him to the ground and repeatedly hit his head against the concrete sidewalk . Martin , who lived in Miami , died after a chance encounter with Zimmerman in the gated community where he was staying with his father during a suspension from school . Zimmerman called police to report a suspicious person walking on the streets of the neighborhood , which had been struck by several burglaries in recent months . Prosecutors say he disregarded a dispatcher 's advice not to follow the person , who turned out to be Martin , and shot him after a confrontation minutes later . While Zimmerman supporters have characterized him as a well-meaning neighborhood watch volunteer who was only trying to protect his community , Martin 's family and supporters have said he unfairly profiled Martin as a troublemaker just because he was an African-American teenager walking down the street wearing a hoodie . Sanford police initially declined to arrest Zimmerman , saying there was no evidence to contradict Zimmerman 's claim of self-defense under Florida 's "  stand your ground " law , which allows people to use deadly force anywhere they feel a reasonable threat of serious injury or death . After weeks of protests demanding Zimmerman 's arrest , a special prosecutor appointed by Florida Gov. Rick Scott filed the second-degree murder charge against Zimmerman . He was arrested April 11 and briefly jailed . He has returned to hiding after his release on $ 150,000 bond .	Prosecutors release an eight-page list of witness statements , reports The document contains no new details about the case George Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder in death of Trayvon Martin
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic has already denied Andy Murray his first grand slam title once , and the world No. 2 will again stand in the Olympic gold medalist 's way in Monday 's U.S. Open final . Djokovic kept his title defense alive with a commanding performance against David Ferrer on Sunday , rebounding after dropping his first set of the tournament to win their delayed semifinal 2-6 6-1 6-4 6-2 . The Serbian had struggled in Saturday 's strong winds and trailed 5-2 when play was halted , but he was unstoppable in more benign conditions as he reached the final for the third year in a row . "  It 's a huge relief to get through this match . David 's a great competitor , he 's one of the fittest guys on tour and he never gives up , " Djokovic told reporters after a match lasting two and a half hours -- 90 minutes less than Murray 's win over Tomas Berdych on Saturday . "  We were all praying for less wind today . He handled the wind much better than I did but I came in today as a different player and I 'm just really happy to get to another grand slam final . " U.S. Open latest scores Djokovic lost his first grand slam final at the 2007 U.S. Open but was able to quickly bounce back with his breakthrough win in Australia just months later . Murray , however , lost the 2008 New York final , in Melbourne in 2010 and 2011 -- the first of those against Djokovic -- and then at Wimbledon this year . However , he beat Djokovic and Roger Federer on the way to victory at London 2012 and is now seeking to end a run that has seen that duo and Rafael Nadal win 29 of the past 30 majors . "  I do n't think there is any clear favorite , " said Djokovic , who has an 8-5 edge over Murray in their career meetings . "  He 's looking for his first title , I 'm sure he 's going to be very motivated . I hope we can come up with the best tennis for this crowd . " Murray has the backing of high-profile fellow Scots Sean Connery and Alex Ferguson . "  That 's the first time I 've met Sir Alex and first time I met Sir Sean , as well , " Murray said after the James Bond actor and Manchester United football manager gatecrashed his post-match press conference on Saturday . "  So that 's obviously nice to have their support . Hopefully they 'll be back for the final , as well . " Ferrer is still waiting to play in his first grand slam final after 40 attempts . The Spanish fourth seed , who also reached the semis at Flushing Meadows in 2007 , served out for the first set on Sunday but then lost five games in a row . Djokovic won the first four games of the fourth set against the French Open semifinalist as he won through to his ninth grand slam final . The 25-year-old will be looking to cap a season in which he won the opening major but then failed to become the first player since Rod Laver in 1969 to hold all four grand slam titles when he lost to Rafael Nadal in the French Open final . Djokovic then surrendered his No. 1 ranking when he lost in the semifinals at Wimbledon and Roger Federer won a seventh title on the hallowed grass courts of the All England Club to match Pete Sampras ' Open era record and afterwards surpass the American 's landmark number of 286 weeks at the top of the rankings . Djokovic can not return to No. 1 even if he retains his title , despite Federer 's quarterfinal exit against Berdych -- his earliest at the hard-court tournament since 2004 . He will be looking for revenge against Murray after failing to win a medal at London 2012 , losing to Juan Martin del Potro in the bronze playoff , and is in strong form on his favored surface after last month winning the Toronto title and reaching the final in Cincinnati .	Second seed Novak Djokovic wins through to U.S. Open final for third year in a row Serbian will continue his title defense against world No. 4 Andy Murray on Monday He bounces back from dropping his first set of the tournament in New York Djokovic ends hopes of David Ferrer , still seeking to reach his first grand slam final
Statesville , North Carolina  CNN  -- It was supposed to be a routine patrol for Dale Beatty , a National Guardsman serving in northern Iraq . But when the Humvee he was in veered slightly off the road , his life changed in an instant . "  I remember seeing all the sand across the dash of the Humvee go up in the air . That was pretty much the last thing I remember , " Beatty recalled eight years later . "  And there was a big boom , lots of pain . " The vehicle hit an anti-tank land mine , flying nearly 50 feet in the air . When Beatty came to , his legs were pinned under the wreckage . Within days , both were amputated below the knee . It was a life-altering injury , but from the beginning , Beatty had a positive attitude about it . "  For some reason , I 've always been able to see how lucky I am , " he reflected , noting that his injuries made it possible to wear prosthetic legs . "  It 's not like losing a fingernail . But ... it 's just the way it has to be . I 've met people that have been hurt a lot worse than me that have lived full , fulfilling lives . So there 's no excuse for me not to . " Beatty spent a year recovering at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington , and he hoped to build a house for his wife and two young sons when he returned home to Statesville , North Carolina . But given his new reality -- two prosthetic legs and , at times , a wheelchair -- he was n't sure how he 'd manage it . That 's when a member of his church , who 'd heard about Beatty 's situation , took action . He persuaded the Iredell County Builders Association -- of which he was a member -- to help Beatty build a wheelchair-accessible home with wide doorways and roll-in bathrooms . The land was donated by Beatty 's father , and volunteers pitched in to help while Beatty supervised . "  The whole community helping me , and working alongside me , it was such a good feeling , " said Beatty , now 34 . Throughout the construction , Beatty consulted his friend John Gallina , a building contractor with whom he 'd served in the National Guard and was driving the Humvee when it hit the land mine . Gallina suffered a traumatic brain injury in the blast and was later diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder . While his wounds were less visible than Beatty 's , he also struggled to adjust to post-war life . When the house was finished , Beatty and Gallina decided to "  pay it forward " to help other disabled veterans . In 2008 , they pooled their military disability payments and started Purple Heart Homes , a nonprofit that so far has modified or helped provide homes for 30 disabled veterans in several East Coast states . "  There 's thousands of veterans right here in our midst , " Beatty said . "  People do n't realize the need that 's out there . " In the past decade , a number of nonprofits have sprung up to help Iraq and Afghanistan veterans with their housing issues . But according to the Department of Veterans Affairs , those two wars account for only a small percent -- less than 15 % -- of the entire veteran population . Beatty 's and Gallina 's organization will help any disabled service member who was wounded during his or her military service , even if it was decades ago . "  The Gulf War vets have a lot of issues , and we know there are people who got hurt in Bosnia , Kosovo ... Vietnam , " Beatty said . "  We just wanted to level the playing field . " Dave Morrell , who lives near Beatty in Harrisburg , North Carolina , served three tours with the Special Forces in Vietnam and ultimately lost a leg because of complications from exposure to Agent Orange . When Beatty and Gallina heard that he often had to crawl into his bathroom because his wheelchair would n't fit through his home 's narrow doorways , they decided to help . "  I 'd have been happy if they could 've figured a way just to widen the door , " Morrell said . "  To have them build a complete new addition and a whole new bathroom was unbelievable . " Purple Heart Homes , using donated labor and materials , will help any disabled veteran who is a homeowner , and all repairs are free . Beatty and Gallina know that projects such as adding ramps or renovating bathrooms can make a big difference for veterans and their caregivers . "  We want to make those changes that make their life easier , safer , just better , " Beatty said . Beatty and Gallina also want to help those who ca n't afford to buy their own home , many from the younger generation . While the organization has built a couple of houses from the ground up , it has also developed a program that moves veterans into foreclosed properties donated by banks and municipalities . The group matches a disabled veteran with each property and then partners with a community organization that can gather volunteers to renovate it . This local support is an essential part of Purple Heart Homes . Beatty and Gallina believe that working with community members makes a big difference to veterans , who can often feel isolated and socially withdrawn . "  When you have people saying thank you  by coming  to your home to swing a hammer and paint a wall , it says something different than shaking your hand and buying you a drink , " said Gallina , 34 . "  And that support continues once the project is done . " Demond Taylor is an Iraq war veteran who suffers from PTSD , among other things . His future home in South Euclid , Ohio , is still in the process of being renovated , but he 's already feeling the benefits of the project . "  Every time I turn around , it 's a new person saying hello , " Taylor said . "  This is the first time since I got home that I actually felt the ` thank you , ' the ` wish you well . ' " When the renovation work is finished on these donated homes , the house is appraised and Purple Heart Homes will help the veteran get a mortgage for 50 % or less of its value . Beatty and Gallina discovered that many veterans struggle with poor credit , so by making affordable payments on a mortgage , they are able to improve their credit score and build equity . Beatty believes it 's a solution that helps veterans as well as their communities . "  We are putting value back into the properties by not making them free , and we are putting value into the veteran , " Beatty said . "  This is a hand up , not a handout . " With donations and grants , Purple Heart Homes has grown rapidly since it was founded four years ago . The nonprofit has received more than 700 applications , and it gets about four or five new ones a week . More than 100 projects have already been approved and are in the pipeline . Beatty and Gallina say their new mission is more than just providing veterans with accessible homes ; it 's about encouraging communities to get involved with those who served their country . "  My great-grandfather was in World War I , grandfather was in World War II , my dad was in Vietnam . I 've seen the uniforms hanging in the closets , " Beatty said . "  Other people have no connection . ...  We want  to just open people 's eyes . " Kevin Smith is a Vietnam veteran from Newton , North Carolina , who suffered knee and back injuries in an accident aboard an aircraft carrier . For decades , he endured dozens of operations and gradually became more reclusive -- in part because he was afraid of falling down his front steps , which did n't have a handrail . "  For 35 years , no one cared , " Smith said . But when Purple Heart Homes built a wheelchair ramp in front of his home , it changed his life . The physical improvements made it easier for him to move about safely , and the goodwill gesture deeply touched Smith . "  They  made me realize that I had value and worth and that I meant something , " he said . Now Smith socializes frequently with his neighbors and other veterans . He says it 's all because of Purple Heart Homes . "  They jump-started me back into life ...  and  said welcome home , " Smith said , tearfully . "  It 's great to be home after 40 years . " For Beatty and Gallina , their work is about giving all veterans the same level of respect . "  Regardless of when you served , where you served ... we 're all the same , " Beatty said . "  They just need to know that somebody does care about them . "  We would n't leave someone behind on the battlefield . Why would we do it at home ? " Want to get involved ? Check out the Purple Heart Homes website at purplehearthomesusa.org and see how to help .	Dale Beatty 's nonprofit helps disabled veterans who have various housing issues Sometimes it finds them a new home ; sometimes it modifies an existing home It 's a way for communities to come together and thank veterans for their sacrifice
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A veteran of over 20 years of mountain climbing , Dave Bunting has been in some pretty tight scrapes . Soldier mountaineer Dave Bunting on Mount Everest . His team tried to summit via the mountain 's notorious West Ridge in 2006 . He and his climbing partner once watched in terror as a huge avalanche careered down a Himalayan mountainside straight for them . They were miraculously spared when the wall of snow parted on either side of the promontory where they were standing at a distance of just 50 meters . On another occasion he spent an agonizing night hanging precariously over a 3,000-foot  900 meter  drop during an electrical storm in the Alps . He estimates he was electrocuted "  half a dozen times " during the course of the night . Faced with the fearsome power of nature mountaineers like Bunting rely on one indispensable ally -- other mountaineers . Teamwork is essential in climbing . The first successful ascent of Everest was as much about the bond of trust that existed between modest New Zealander Sir Edmund Hillary and his diminutive Sherpa , Tenzing Norgay , as their individual talents . To illustrate this point , when Bunting -- a warrant officer in the British Army -- was compiling a team of soldiers to attempt an ascent of Everest 's notorious West Ridge the first quality he and the rest of the selection panel looked for was not climbing expertise , but compatibility . "  A lot of people think that when you go and do something like that , you immediately look for all the best climbers in the army , " he says . "  But what we based our selection process on , compatibility was first . " Of course , all team sports rely upon a strong dynamic between the individual members . But there can be few disciplines in which the stakes are as high as in mountain climbing , where your life often literally rests in someone else 's hands . Bunting , 40 , led the expedition of 21 army mountaineers to Everest 's West Ridge two years ago . It was a daunting undertaking . Of over 2,200 climbers who have made it to the top of the world 's tallest peak since it was first conquered , only 19 have done so via this route . The ridge is rarely attempted because of its steepness and because its position leaves it exposed to high winds and the risk of avalanche . The army 's summit attempt took three and half years in the planning and preparation and was the subject of a documentary , ` Everest : Man v Mountain . ' Much of this build-up involved establishing strong bonds between team members . Practice climbs , social events and corporate-style teambuilding days were all employed to try to instil an atmosphere of mutual trust within the group . An essential factor on a mountain as significant as Everest , Bunting says . "  You are massively wrapped up in emotions there because you 've spent three and a half years preparing for it , " says Bunting , who now runs his own outdoor events company in the Bavarian Alps . The prestige of getting to the top of Everest can sometimes blur a climber 's moral judgement , leading to acts of single-mindedness that border on the downright callous . During the same season as Bunting 's army expedition , David Sharp , a 34-year-old British climber died of cold , exhaustion and lack of oxygen on his descent from the summit . As details of Sharp 's death became public it emerged that 40 climbers had passed him , making no attempt to save the stricken climber as he lay stranded in the scant shelter of a rock alcove on the mountain 's northeast ridge . The incident drew much soul-searching in the mountaineering world , with Sir Edmund Hillary complaining to New Zealand 's Otago Daily Times of the "  horrifying " attitudes it revealed . "  On Everest  a lot of people are out for themselves completely , " says Bunting . He says this selfish streak is exacerbated by the fast turnover of commercial climbing expeditions , which often meet for the first time just a couple of weeks before a summit attempt , meaning there is little opportunity to build team morale . By contrast , among Bunting 's army mountaineers the needs of the group were always put before personal ambition . He gives an example : "  As we went for the summit there were a number of support teams , one of whose job it was to break trail from base camp right the way up to 7,500 metres , clambering through two foot of snow . "  Each step you take at those altitudes is absolutely horrendous . There 's a clip in the documentary of one of the lads breaking trail , every step up to his knees in snow , and you hear him say : ` Well , this is our job so we 've got to get on with it . ' "  A brilliant demonstration of teamwork . " The biggest test of this togetherness came when Bunting was left the unenviable task of telling his team of ambitious young soldiers he was abandoning the summit attempt because of a high risk of avalanches . "  Two or three of the guys were pretty pissed off , to be honest . "  Instead of getting wrapped up in emotions -- because Everest is a very emotional place -- I looked at it in very black and white terms . I could n't risk sending my team up the mountain with that kind of real and present danger involved . " This clear-headed thinking meant his team braved one of the most dangerous climbs in the world and made it back down again , together .	Army officer Dave Bunting recruited a team of 21 soldiers to summit Everest The 2006 attempt was via the mountain 's notoriously dangerous West Ridge They spent over three years preparing by building cameraderie and team spirit Bunting says personal ambition can sometimes get the better of climbers on Everest
CNN  -- There are workout horror stories and then there 's Kathleen Riser , who was mocked by the most unlikely of sources : a fitness trainer at the gym . "  There 's another one who will break our equipment , " she overheard one trainer say 2 1/2 years ago , pointing at her 350-plus pound frame . It was only a confirmation of her fears . Riser had spent years avoiding fitness establishments out of embarrassment . "  I had n't been to a gym since I was in college , and every time I try to get enrolled I would feel uncomfortable , " she said . "  I would feel like people were watching . " People now point to Riser as an inspiration . The 54-year-old has lost 200 pounds . "  When I first started this journey two and a half years ago , I was desperate . ... I actually thought this was the end of my life , " she wrote in her CNN iReport . "  I was determined not to die like this . " A downward spiral Riser has dedicated her professional career to others . As a middle school teacher , she helped children enter her classroom and leave as knowledgeable , well-rounded teenagers . After school , Riser spent long hours as a band director , including nights and weekends traveling to competitions . Unfortunately , the teacher , who is now retired , was unable to apply the same dedication toward her personal life . "  Every morning it was a McDonald 's sausage biscuit or fast-food breakfast , " she said . "  I ate a lot of French fries , and a bunch of white bread . "  Really I was just a constant eater . " At 5 feet 4 inches tall , Riser realized her weight was destroying her knees . She needed four surgeries , and each seemed to take a bigger toll on her body than the last . She knew she was robbing herself of a productive life . "  It was hard for me to stand up without rocking or without leaning or something , " she said . "  I could n't fly without getting a  seat-belt  extension for myself . And all those little things , like not being able to go on amusement park rides , were starting to get to me . " The breaking point : Riser struggled to climb the stairs to get to her school classroom . She estimates her peak weight was 383 pounds . "  I was on a one-way street to dying . " Riser decided to find a judgment-free gym , change her eating habits and give healthy living another shot . Thanks to a tough-loving accountability group , her personal trainer Shaun Lloyd and her own dedication , Riser has achieved what she calls her goal : proving that middle-aged women can lose weight . "  People say that when you get older , it 's harder to lose weight , " she said . "  Or that I was always going to be large . It became one of my inspirations to prove people wrong . " Lloyd credit 's Riser 's success to one simple fact : "  She just does n't take no for an answer . " The transformation Lloyd knew he would have to gain Riser 's trust after she was scarred by the hurtful comments about her weight . But that was not especially difficult : Riser just needed someone to listen . "  She was a stress eater , " Lloyd said . "  Things that were heavy on her heart translated to things that were heavy on the plate . I wanted to give her different avenues that could help her heart process . " And so began the mental transformation , unlocking Riser 's determination and belief that she could lose weight . Riser began to plan her meals with Lloyd : a supplement shake for breakfast , lean protein and veggies for lunch and the same for dinner . Snacks of junk food were replaced with raw almonds or hummus . And Riser completely eliminated processed foods , white flours , sodas and sweets from her diet . Instantly , she began to see results . "  The treadmill was going at one of the slowest speeds , and I lost three pounds , " she said . "  I knew if I could get myself moving , it was possible . " Two years later , Riser is still moving , and the weight has continued to fall off . She 's exchanged her 42W clothing for size 18 . Riser now weighs under 180 pounds and expects to hit her target weight by the end of the year . She works out six days a week and plans healthy meals for herself and her parents -- sometimes cooking a week 's worth of meals in one day . "  I believe in myself again , " she said . "  Yes , there are of course days I get discouraged , but that is why it is so important to have someone around to help hold you accountable and love you . " Riser 's parents are both fighting serious diseases . She said she believes her transformation has been critical in allowing her to be a good caregiver . "  My father has cancer , and my mother has dementia , " she said . "  And now I have the energy and strength to help my father get up and down . That 's definitely been important . " Riser credits her family , friends and personal trainers for helping spur her lifestyle changes . "  They saved my life , " she said .	Kathleen Riser has gone from eating fast food daily to working out six days a week Riser has lost 200 pounds , and hopes to be at her goal weight by December Riser is the primary caregiver for her ailing parents Do you have a weight-loss success story ? Share it with CNN iReport
CNN  -- Three attacks were made on Royal Dutch Shell oil facilities in Nigeria on Sunday , according to a company spokesman who said details were not immediately available . Investigating the attacks will be difficult because they happened in remote areas , Royal Dutch Shell says . The attacks were against pipelines in the eastern part of the Niger Delta in Nigeria , said the spokesman , Rainer Winzenried . "  Shell is investigating the impact on facilities , the environment and the production capabilities , " he said . The attacks happened in remote areas , making investigations difficult , he said , adding that the company would not send in investigators until it was certain the area was secure . It was not known whether there were any casualties , he said . The pipelines are part of a Shell joint venture that provides oil to several companies , Winzenried said . Shell runs the venture , and Nigeria is the operator . Winzenried refused to speculate on who was behind the attacks , but Nigeria 's main militant group -- the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , or MEND -- said it had attacked an offshore facility earlier Sunday and that "  the structure is ... engulfed in fire . " Winzenried had no information about that claim . MEND , which demands a fairer distribution of Nigeria 's oil wealth , claimed Friday that it destroyed a pipeline owned and operated by the Italian gas company Agip , but Agip has not confirmed that report . Earlier in the week , MEND claimed to have destroyed Royal Dutch Shell 's main trunk line in Bayelsa state and a Chevron oil station in the delta region . Shell confirmed an attack on that pipeline and said it had shut it down to avoid an environmental impact . Chevron , which halted its onshore operations in the region last month , said it was investigating . Last month , the militant group declared an "  all-out war " on the government after what it said was a deadly bombing raid on civilians . It is not the first declaration of war by MEND , which demands that more of Nigeria 's oil wealth be invested in the region instead of enriching those whom the militants consider corrupt politicians . The militant group declared war against the government in September for what it said were unprovoked attacks . At that time , MEND destroyed several oil facilities , forcing Nigeria to cut its oil exports by as many as 1 million barrels of oil per day , or 40 percent .	Royal Dutch Shell : Pipelines attacked in eastern part of Nigeria 's Niger Delta Few details available ; company says remote area will make investigation hard Company wo n't speculate on who was behind attacks Militant group MEND claimed it attacked an offshore facility earlier Sunday
CNN  -- A German top-division football match was called off on Saturday after the appointed referee apparently tried to commit suicide before the kickoff . Cologne 's game against Mainz was postponed when match official Babak Rafati failed to show up , the home team 's website reported . German Football Assocation president Theo Zwanziger called an emergency press conference at Cologne 's RheinEnergieStadion to explain the situation . "  At 1345 I was informed that something terrible had happened , " Zwanziger said . Rafati , a German with Iranian ancestry , did not appear at midday for his scheduled appointment with his three assistants , who then went to his hotel room and opened it with the help of staff . The 41-year-old was found inside in a "  motionless " state , Zwanziger said . Police confirmed that no-one else was involved , and it is assumed that he tried to commit suicide . "  According to the information that I have , his state is stable , " Zwanziger said . "  He is no longer in critical condition and he is currently being treated in the intensive care unit . " Zwanziger said Rafati 's assistants were receiving counseling after the incident , which came two years after the suicide of former Germany international goalkeeper Robert Enke . Rafati had refereed in the Bundesliga since 2005 , and was on the panel of FIFA 's international officials from 2008 before being dropped this year , the AFP agency reported . "  The pressure in professional sports is unbelievably high . We just do n't manage to bring the right balance into it . No-one should be in such a hopeless situation , " said Zwanziger , who promised to provide support for Rafati 's family and colleagues . Saturday 's other Bundesliga matches were played as scheduled . Bayern Munich 's lead was reduced to two points after a 1-0 home defeat by defending champions Borussia Dortmund . Teenage midfielder Mario Gotze score the only goal in the 65th minute to put Dortmund second on 26 points , above Borussia Monchengladbach on goal difference . Gladbach crushed fifth-placed Werder Bremen 5-0 as Marco Reus scored a hat-trick , while Schalke moved up to fourth with a 4-0 win at home to Nuremberg thanks to a double from Klaas-Jan Huntelaar and another goal from veteran Spanish strike partner Raul . Wolfsburg moved clear of the relegation zone with a 4-1 win over Hanover , while third-bottom Freiburg snatched a 2-2 draw against visiting Hertha Berlin as Stefan Reisinger scored his second goal five minutes into time added on .	German Bundesliga match is called off after referee fails to show up Officials later reveal that ref Babak Rafati tried to commit suicide German FA president says that Rafati is "  stable " in intensive care in hospital The 41-year-old had been due to control game between Cologne and Mainz
CNN  -- It 's as red as blood and , for the traditional Hungarian chef , no less essential for a healthy life . But humble paprika -- national spice and integral to all the most treasured Hungarian dishes -- has been having a rough time . Hungarian paprika production has slumped as buyers across the world have turned to cheaper supplies from Spain , China and Latin America . And two years of unpredictable weather in Hungary may mean this year 's crop of capsicum annuum peppers -- the raw ingredient of paprika -- is the poorest in 50 years . Horror of horrors , Hungary may even resort to importing the crop . But despite these trials , and past upsets such as the communists nationalizing paprika production , the spice remains as crucial as ever to the Hungarian soul . To understand Hungarians , you need to know a little bit about their favorite ingredient . And if all else fails , this paprika primer will make for good talking points if you 're stuck in a Budapest goulash restaurant on a rainy afternoon . 1 . It 's Mexican Well , from around those parts , anyway . Paprika peppers are n't indigenous to Europe -- the spice was among the treasures collected by Christopher Columbus on his expeditions around southern Mexico , Central America and the Antillies in the 15th century . It made its way to Hungary via the Balkans a little later , where it was grown in the gardens of the aristocracy . Its name is the diminutive of a Slavic word for pepper : "  Papar . " "  We believe Columbus 's mission was a success because he came back to Europe with a marvelous spice , " says Gyula Vegh , of the Szeged Paprika Museum , in southern Hungary . "  He discovered America on the way . " More : 11 things to know before visiting Hungary 2 . There are two -- yes , two -- paprika museums And two paprika festivals -- one in the town of Kalocsa  Hungarian site only  and another in Szeged , which has been the center of the Hungarian paprika industry for more than a century . And , no , Szeged does n't have a huge fiberglass paprika pepper on a pole just outside town . The two museums are also both working production plants . The Szeged Paprika Museum  Fels Tisza-Part 10 , Szeged 6721 , Hungary ; +36209808000  shares a building with the Pick Salami factory -- visitors get three varieties of salami to taste and a 10 gram sampling of paprika . Visitors to the Paprika Molnar  Hungarian site only  factory , in the village of Roszke , get a guided tour from the company 's CEO , Anita Molnar , as well as a spice sample . "  When people see how much work paprika-growing takes , they appreciate what they get in their little takeaway bag , " Molnar says . Dried paprika peppers resemble red potato chips and can be eaten like that -- they 're a big hit among kids visiting the Molnar factory . 3 . Hungarian paprika is super sweet It takes seven months , from seed to ground powder , to produce paprika . Hungarian paprika peppers are sweeter than others because of the country 's cool growing season , which retains sugar in the spice . The weather also affects the color of the paprika . "  In hotter regions such as Peru or western China , the sun makes the paprika dark red , " Molnar says . "  As the sugar content decreases , the red color is enhanced . " But Hungarian paprika was n't always so sweet . In the 1920s , the peppers were of such a hot variety they could only be used after the pith had been removed , typically by women workers . "  However , women with little babies could n't do the job because they 'd have to touch the children afterward , " Molnar explains . "  So unmarried women , or those with older children , picked the peppers instead . " More : Guide to Hungary 's signature dishes 4 . It 's not just for goulash -- try cake Early last century , 830 workshops in Szeged alone processed peppers for paprika . But after a Hungarian botanist cultivated a new -- naturally sweet -- variety , large-scale farming became possible and the artisans were replaced . Hearty and cheap , the classic paprika-rich dish goulash was originally considered peasants ' food . But paprika 's good for more than goulash : It 's liberally dispensed in the dishes served at Sotarto Halaszcsarda  Roosevelt tr 14 , Szeged , Hungary ; +3662555980  fish restaurant in paprika central , Szeged . In Budapest , the upmarket Zeller bistro  Izabella utca 36-38 , Budapest 1077 , Hungary ; +36306510880  gets rave reviews for its wide range of paprika-rich offerings . It sounds strange but Hungarian paprika 's also sweet enough to use in desserts . "  Even I did n't know that paprika could be used for sweets and not only savory dishes , " says Lajos Kossar , a Hungarian food writer and chef . "  Then I tasted my grandmother 's paprika cake . " 5 . The communists traded it for hard currency After World War II , paprika production in Hungary was nationalized by the communist government . Local growers were prohibited from milling their own paprika powder and had to hand over all their peppers to state-owned mills . "  The old lady who looked after me when I was a child was sent to prison for four months for being caught selling two kilos of paprika , " Molnar says . "  Paprika was strategic . Each year several thousand tonnes were exported for Deutschmarks or dollars . "  The communists needed the foreign currency . " 6 . Paprika 's bursting with vitamin C The Hungarian scientist Albert Szent-Gyrgyi won the Nobel Prize in 1937 partly for the discovery of vitamin C . He also found a high vitamin C content in paprika peppers and learned to extract it . Szent-Gyrgyi sent vitamin C crystals from paprika peppers to parts of the world where people were suffering from scurvy . More : Budapest 's best ` ruin bars ' London-based journalist Howard Swains 's work has appeared in The Sunday Times Magazine , The Guardian and Wired , among other publications . He is the author of the "  Spectacular Slovakia " travel guide . CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However , CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Columbus discovered America -- and paprika It 's a spice but can be used in desserts Not too long ago , you could be arrested for selling it
CNN  -- Teresa Heinz Kerry left a Boston rehabilitation hospital Saturday nearly three weeks after she experienced a seizure at her Nantucket , Massachusetts , home . The 74-year-old wife of Secretary of State John Kerry walked out of Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital and is expected to fully recover at home "  after some limited outpatient treatment , " said Glen Johnson , a spokesman for the secretary . She has returned to routine family activities "  and looks forward to the same with her civic works after a period of rest , " he said . "  It was amazing , a miracle , " Heinz Kerry , 74 , said of her care and caregivers , according to the statement . "  They are the kindest people , who love what they do and do it superbly well . " Heinz Kerry suffered the seizure on Nantucket on July 7 , underwent tests at Boston 's Massachusetts General Hospital and was then moved to Spaulding . Born in Mozambique , Heinz Kerry worked for the Trusteeship Council of the United Nations in the 1960s when she moved to the United States . Her first husband , Sen. John Heinz of Pennsylvania , died in a plane crash in 1991 . Heinz Kerry spoke to CNN 's Larry King in 2010 about her battle with breast cancer . He asked her whether she was frightened . "  I was n't scared because I 'm very analytical about things like this , " she said . "  I 'm kind of , I guess , a little fatalistic . " CNN 's Jamie Crawford contributed to this report	Outpatient treatment awaits Heinz Kerry , 74 , suffered a seizure on July 7 on Nantucket "  I 'm kind of , I guess , a little fatalistic , " she said about a previous illness
CNN  -- Five foreign troops were killed Saturday in Afghanistan , bringing the number of NATO and U.S.-led coalition troop deaths in June to 32 -- more than in Iraq . A French NATO soldier stands guard in the Arghandab district of Afghanistan 's Kandahar province on Friday . Foreign troop deaths in the Afghan war have been exceeding those in the Iraq conflict in recent weeks , according to figures compiled by CNN . The trend reflects a surge in attacks and clashes during the warmer months in Afghanistan , where U.S. - and NATO-led troops have been fighting tenacious Taliban militants . It also points to a decrease in violence in Iraq . Four service members assigned to the U.S.-led coalition in Afghanistan were killed Saturday by a roadside bomb and small-arms fire on a Task Force Phoenix convoy , said Lt. Col. Paul Fanning , spokesman for the U.S. military . The convoy was on a mission to train Afghan national police and soldiers when it was attacked , Fanning said . About three dozen nations have committed troops to that training effort , which includes more than 700 training teams and 8,000 trainers across Afghanistan . Two other troops were seriously wounded in the attack . Watch journalists break out their flak jackets " Also early Saturday , a Polish soldier assigned to NATO 's International Security Assistance Force was killed and four others were wounded by a roadside bomb while on patrol in the Dila district of Afghanistan 's Paktika province , the assistance force said . Later Saturday , a NATO-led base and an Afghan military compound were attacked from across the border in Pakistan , the assistance force said . There were no reported casualties in the incident at 5:15 p.m. . The Pakistan military was notified . At least 32 troops assigned to the U.S.-led coalition and NATO 's International Security Assistance Force have died in Afghanistan in June . At least 12 Americans , nine Britons , two Canadians , one Pole , a Romanian and a Hungarian have died in Afghanistan in June . The nationalities of six other fatalities have not been released . In comparison , 19 coalition troops have died in June so far in Iraq , comprising 18 Americans and one from the Republic of Georgia . There are no NATO troops in Iraq . Aggressive military campaigns against Sunni and Shiite militants have helped reduce casualties in Iraq , as have efforts to bring Sunni militants into U.S.-backed militias and the cease-fire of the mainstream part of Muqtada al-Sadr 's Mehdi army . During May , 23 coalition troops died in Afghanistan and 21 died in Iraq . The deaths last month in Afghanistan included 17 Americans , three Britons , a Canadian , a Lithuanian and an Estonian . In Iraq , there were 19 American and two Georgian deaths last month . The 19 American deaths in May represent the lowest monthly American total of the war . Overall , the Iraq conflict has been the deadlier war for foreign troops . More than 4,400 foreign troops have died in the Iraq war ; more than 800 have died in Afghanistan . In both wars , the vast majority of fatalities are Americans . "  It 's a difficult time right now , but it 's an extremely dangerous job , " Fanning said after Saturday 's attacks in southern Afghanistan 's Kandahar province . "  This is a combat theater . This is why we 're here . The enemy 's doing their best to thwart the progress we 've made , but we 're determined not to let them succeed . " Much of the fighting has occurred across southern Afghanistan , where Taliban attacks tend to increase as the weather warms up . Afghan and NATO forces last week pushed Taliban militants out of several villages in the Arghandab district of Kandahar province after a huge prison break on June 13 , Afghan President Hamid Karzai said . The Afghan Ministry of Defense said 56 Taliban fighters had been killed in the operation . Officials said they had no firm figures on the number wounded . There is fighting in other parts of the country as well . The U.S.-led coalition said its forces on Saturday conducted precision airstrikes in Khost province targeting a Taliban commander involved with roadside bombings , foreign fighter operations and weapons smuggling . Khost is in the eastern part of the country . In the northeastern province of Kapisa , a coalition operation led to the deaths of several militants and the detention of three others on Friday , the coalition said Saturday . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force on Saturday also reported the deaths of several militants in fighting Thursday in Helmand and Kandahar provinces in the south .	NEW : NATO , Afghan force attacked from across Pakistan border ; no casualties NATO , coalition deaths reflect Taliban spring offensive , Iraq progress Thirty-two troops have died in Afghanistan during June , 19 in Iraq Five troops died Saturday in two separate roadside attacks in Afghanistan
CNN  -- One day before U.S. President Barack Obama 's Canadian visit last week , Canadian fighter jets intercepted two Russian bombers near Canadian air space , the defense minister said Friday . Canadian jets intercepted Russian TU-95 Bear bomber aircraft last week similar to this one . "  At no time did Russian planes enter Canadian air space , but within 24 hours of the president 's visit here ... we did scramble F-18 fighter planes from NORAD in Canada command , " Peter MacKay said in a news conference in Ottawa . The Russian planes were in international waters , about 118 miles  190 kilometers  northeast of Tuktoyuktuk , in Canada 's Northwest Territories . "  It was a routine flight over international airspace , " Yevgeniy Khorishko , a spokesman at the Russian Embassy in Washington , told CBC news . NORAD , the North American Aerospace Defense Command , is a joint U.S.-Canadian agency in charge of aerospace control for the North American continent . "  As has been done on previous occasions ,  Canadian pilots  sent very clear signals that are understood , that  the  aircraft was to turn around , turn tail and head back to its own air space , which it did , " MacKay said . The Russian planes were identified as TU-95 Bear aircraft by NORAD spokesman Michael Kucharek .	Russian bombers were in international waters when Canadian jets intercepted them Canadians scrambled the F-18 fighter planes from NORAD in Canada command Russian planes identified as TU-95 Bear aircraft , NORAD spokesman says "  It was a routine flight , " Russian Embassy spokesman in Washington says
