CNN  -- Andy Murray crushed Roger Federer in straight sets in a one-sided final to claim victory in the Shanghai Masters on Sunday . The Briton , who also defeated the former world number one in the Toronto Masters final in August , took just under 90 minutes to secure a 6-3 6-2 victory . World number four Murray has now beaten Federer eight times in their 13 meetings , although has crucially lost both times they have met in the final of a grand slam  U.S. Open in 2008 and this year 's Australian Open final  . And there was never any doubt that Murray would continue his fine record against Federer , with the Swiss making a remarkable 30 unforced errors while failing to convert six break points . "  I enjoy playing Roger , " Murray told the official ATP Tour website . "  I do n't find it easy at all . It 's incredibly difficult every time . "  But I love the challenge of playing against him . Everytime I go on court , I know I need to play great tennis to win against him . I do n't know if my game matches up well against his or not , but I 've played some of my best tennis against Roger . "  I hit a lot of great shots on the run and you have to come up with a lot of great shots against Federer if you want to beat him . " Federer , who moves back up to second place in the world rankings behind Rafael Nadal despite losing the final , added : "  I had a good tournament and thought I played well this week . "  I had some great wins against Robin Soderling , John Isner , Andreas Seppi and Novak Djokovic and I 'm very happy with where my game is at . "  Today could have been better , but Andy was the best player in the tournament so he deserved it . "	Andy Murray crushes Roger Federer in a one-sided final for victory in the Shanghai Masters The British world number four takes under 90 minutes to complete a 6-3 6-2 win Despite the defeat , Federer will return to second place in the latest ATP rankings
CNN  -- Too weak to stand or walk , William M. LaFever sat in a shallow river bed in the south Utah desert , awaiting rescue that came more than a month after his family last heard from him . Thursday afternoon , a helicopter flying in the Escalante River gorge spied the bearded LaFever , 28 , who had lost 50 pounds and eaten frogs and roots in his desperate effort to stay alive during his walk from a Utah city to Page , Arizona . "  We came around the corner and we were pretty amazed to see him alive and sitting up , " Shane Oldfield , a Utah Highway Patrol helicopter pilot assisting the Garfield County Sheriff 's Office , told CNN Friday . LaFever was hospitalized Friday in St. George , Utah , in stable condition . Family members told a deputy that he has autism and obsessive-compulsive disorder , said Becki Bronson , a spokeswoman for the sheriff 's office . The Colorado Springs , Colorado , man 's incredible odyssey began when he called his father on June 6 or 7 to tell him he was in Boulder , Utah , hiking with his dog , according to the sheriff 's office . Rescued hiker : I messed up LaFever said he had run out of money and someone had stolen some of his hiking gear . Authorities said they assumed he was given a ride to Boulder , as he did not have his own vehicle . "  He did n't want me to come out there , " said LaFever 's father , John LaFever . "  He wanted me to send him some money to get him to Page . " The elder LaFever said he was n't sure how William would make it all the way to Page , but his son mentioned following the river . Within a week of his call home , William got a ride to where Highway 12 crosses the river , and set out on his journey . The younger LaFever apparently did not know the extent of the rigors he would face when he planned to walk nearly 50 miles in the Escalante Desert to Lake Powell and then obtain a boat ride , officials said . Eventually , LaFever 's food and strength ran out as he continued walking , according to authorities , and his dog ran off . Officials were looking into a report that the animal may have been located , Bronson told CNN . With her brother long overdue , LaFever 's sister called authorities Monday , seeking help and providing information on where he might be . Garfield County Deputy Ray Gardner accompanied Oldfield on the flight and told him he had learned in recent training that people with autism often are drawn to water . Oldfield said the hiker had apparently followed the river as he walked south and had been in the location where they found him for several days , sapped of almost all his strength . LaFever was only a few miles away from Lake Powell . Hikers rescued in Utah canyon "  I think he probably hiked as far as he could until he was physically exhausted and he went into survival mode , " the pilot said . LaFever had no compass and had discarded or lost his hiking gear . All he had were his pants , shoes , underwear , shirt and a lighter . He used the lighter to set a small fire at night , officials said , and then would roll into the river to stay cool and drink water . LaFever weakly waved when Gardner and Oldfield spotted him from the air . After their landing , the pair approached the emaciated man , not certain of his identity . Initially , LaFever did not want to get into the helicopter . "  He was asking us for food but it was not like he was shoveling it down . He was casually eating a granola bar as he was talking to the deputy , " said Oldfield . In a statement , Gardner said he had not been expecting a good outcome . "  We had no idea if William had stayed along the river , or decided to leave , or got a ride with someone , or was lost somewhere other than along the river , " he said . "  We flew along it without any expectation of finding anything at all . The conditions would have to be just right too ; unless he was out in the open there was no way we would be able to find him . " Gardner , praised by LaFever 's family for his work on the case , did not immediately return a message left Friday by CNN . William LaFever was in an area popular with hikers , but was about 30 miles beyond where most venture , Oldfield said . "  He made the mistake ' I know what I am doing and I will be OK , " ' Bronson told CNN . "  There are many who have done that and paid the price . " John LaFever said his son "  has done a lot of camping but he has always been close enough to where he could walk to people and get a grocery store . It has never been at this capacity . " William LaFever , who is on disability , will be hospitalized indefinitely as he regains his strength . "  I am just overwhelmed , " said his father . "  I was really hoping he was alive . The chances of him being found alive were one in a million , maybe . " 3 Mt. Whitney hikers rescued	Man survives more than three weeks in remote Utah desert Helicopter pilot , deputy rescued him in river gulch Hiker had eaten roots , frogs to stay alive According to family , survivor has autism
CNN  -- Six people , including one minor , were killed Sunday in a natural gas explosion at a resort in Playa del Carmen , Mexico , authorities and state media reported . Another 15 or so were injured , according to the local attorney general 's office , with the injured including employees of the hotel and tourists from Canada and the United States . The U.S. State Department said two of those injured were Americans . One of the Canadian victims was a minor , Notimex , Mexico 's state news agency reported . Earlier , authorities had said that as many as 20 people could have been injured in the blast . The explosion was likely caused by a buildup of natural gas that somehow ignited , but the official cause is under investigation , the attorney general 's office said . Police Commander Arturo Guillermo had said earlier that a gas line or stove exploded at the Grand Riviera Princess . Video from the scene on Mexico 's east coast showed debris spilled into a grassy area in front of an area covered by thatched roofs where the restaurant presumably sits . The explosion happened around 9 a.m. Sunday morning in the lobby of the hotel . Emergency personnel responded and transferred the injured people to an area hospital for treatment . "  Right now we have personnel on site , " said U.S. State Department spokeswoman Gini Staab . The two injured Americans were taken to a hospital , she said . Authorities , including consular agents and a consular officer , were on site at the hotel assisting U.S. citizens staying there , according to Staab . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Four Canadians were killed 2 Americans were taken to a hospital , the State Department says At least one minor was killed in the explosion It happened at the Grand Riviera Princess in Playa del Carmen
CNN  -- Security forces aboard a U.S. naval vessel fired warning shots toward two approaching small boats off the Somali coast Tuesday , the U.S. military said Wednesday . The USNS John Lenthall is one of 14 fleet refueling ships operated by Military Sealift Command . The rounds landed in the water , prompting the boats to turn around , and no casualties were reported , the military news release said . It is unclear whether the boats were trying to attack the 41,000-ton USNS John Lenthall , the military said . "  It is clear they were not following the international rules of the road observed by mariners around the globe , " it said . The release noted that the location of the incident , the types of boats involved and the maneuvering were all "  consistent with reports from previous attacks on merchant vessels in the region . " The USNS John Lenthall is one of 14 "  fleet replenishment oilers " in the Military Sealift Fleet Support Command , according to a U.S. Navy Web site . Oilers refuel Navy ships at sea and any aircraft they may be carrying . Attacks by pirates have increased dramatically off the northern coast of Somalia in the past year , prompting the United States and other nations to step up patrols in the region . In May , the U.S. Navy warned merchant ships to stay at least 200 miles off the Somali coast . But the U.S. Maritime Administration warns that pirates sometimes issue false distress calls to lure ships closer to shore . The pirates are often armed with automatic rifles and shoulder-fired rockets , according to warnings from the agency .	Warning shots fired after two boats raise suspicions of piracy Boats were approaching a U.S. Navy refueling ship Warning shots land in water and boats turn away , military says Pirates known to prowl waters off African nation of Somalia
CNN  -- Craig Hutto lost his right leg in a shark attack when he was 16 years old . Soon after that he became one of the first people to test out a new prosthetic leg created at Vanderbilt University . Researchers there have developed the first fully robotic artificial leg for above-knee amputees . The "  bionic leg , " as it is called , uses a variety of sensors and motors that replicate muscle and joint movement in a healthy limb . This mechanism creates a more natural stride and allows users to do things that are not possible with normal prosthesis , such as run or go up and down steps and inclines in a natural way . While we 're not quite at the point of "  The Six Million Dollar Man " bionics , exoskeleton technology is starting to show real promise in helping people with disabilities . Check out the video above to see the bionic leg in action .	Bionic leg is the result of a nine-year research effort led by Michael Goldfarb at Vanderbilt The world 's first fully robotic leg allows amputees to run and navigate inclines naturally The technology was bought by Freedom Innovations and is slated to be released in 2014 One of its first users is a young man who lost his leg in a shark attack in Florida
CNN  -- This week , a mother called us about her child hospitalized with a Salmonella poisoning from his day care 's chicken lunch . The child 's condition was tenuous , with a blood infection , and treatment was especially challenging as the bacteria was antibiotic resistant . The mom turned to the Center for Science in the Public Interest , a nonprofit consumer advocacy group , for information and help because key government 's public health agencies and websites are shut down . Does this have an impact of food safety ? You betcha ! Regardless of whether this illness is related to the outbreak linked to Foster Farms chickens , it illustrates that each case of illness is important to track , and protecting our families from unsafe food should be considered an essential function of government . When the shutdown began , the Food and Drug Administration announced it would have to halt most of its food safety activities , including routine inspections of food manufacturers and monitoring of imports . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shuttered some of its key activities , including outbreak detection and infectious-disease surveillance . The U.S. Department of Agriculture kept its meat , poultry and egg inspectors on the job , but furloughed more than 1,200 other food safety workers . Despite the agencies ' planning , a government shutdown makes it easier for contaminated food to slip through to consumers and harder for the federal government to identify and respond to outbreaks . The outbreak linked to Foster Farms chickenâ $ " in which hundreds of people were sickened -- was already under investigation when the furlough began . Nonetheless , it demonstrate the shutdown 's real human impact , as consumers are left confused about why there has been no recall and whether it is safe to buy the company 's products . Government websites that would normally give them such advice remain dark . There are other effects of the shutdown that may not be felt for months . During the first six days of the furlough , the CDC shut down its primary systems  PulseNet and OutbreakNet  for gathering information from the state public health agencies . Instead , the few staff left at CDC gathered illness data from the states manually . Although CDC recalled a number of staff from furlough to continue handling the salmonella outbreak , the agency may end up weeks behind in investigating new outbreaks as it gets its systems up and running again . Meanwhile , key personnel at the food safety agencies that are tasked with preventing outbreaks are not at their posts , investigating suspect facilities , checking imports or analyzing lab samples . Outbreak investigations involve a complex choreography among many state , local and federal agencies . They begin with state and local agencies receiving reports of illnesses , investigating them , and forwarding their findings to CDC . CDC aggregates these state reports with data collected from monitoring programs . Next , it sifts through huge volumes of information to link up illnesses occurring in different states , identifying common pathogens and common food sources . That information is forwarded to USDA and FDA , which try to track outbreaks to their sources . USDA or FDA may issue a public health alert or issue a recall  or demand that a company recall potentially tainted foods  , alerting consumers to avoid certain foods and getting them removed from supermarket shelves . Consumers only see the final action but have little knowledge of the complexity and labor - intensive steps by multiple agencies needed to take it . Yet 10 days ago , Congress sent these public health officials home and left consumers  and the food industry  vulnerable to the effects of dangerously contaminated foods . Food borne disease is preventable , yet 48 million consumers suffer illnesses each year . Usually symptoms are just an upset stomach , but more severe symptoms send 128,000 people to the hospital and kill 3,000 annually . Those who recover may still suffer life-changing conditions , such as kidney failure , Guillain-BarrÃ © syndrome , and reactive arthritis . Our national investments in food safety are important tools that can help reduce those numbers . In the best of times , investigations of outbreaks of food borne illnesses are complex and hard to solve . But it is truly reckless to continue this government shutdown and leave so many , like the mother and child who called this week , unprotected . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Caroline Smith DeWaal .	Caroline Smith DeWaal : Shutdown can have serious impact on food safety , health She says recent salmonella outbreak from chicken shows what effect can be She says food contamination can go undetected as food safety offices remain dark Writer : Complex cooperation of agencies interrupted . Inspectors need to get back to work
CNN  -- In death as during his life , former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon elicits emotional reactions , both laudatory and critical . His death on Saturday at age 85 , after eight years in a coma , resurfaced old wounds , but also praise for his strength in leadership . In those last years of his life , Sharon was in a state of minimal consciousness with minimal non-verbal communication , a hospital spokesman said . Sharon , giant of modern Israel , dead at 85 The former leader had many ups and downs during his hospitalization , and on Saturday , "  he departed peacefully with his loving family at his side , " the spokesman said . His coffin will be moved Sunday to the Knesset , Israel 's parliament , where citizens can come to pay their respects through 6 p.m. , the office of current Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced . A state memorial ceremony -- to be attended by , among others , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and former British leader Tony Blair -- will be held at the Knesset starting at 9:30 a.m. Monday . This will be followed by a funeral procession that includes a stop in Latrun for a special meeting of Israel Defense Forces staff and ends with a military funeral at Sharon 's ranch , Shikmim . In remarks on Saturday , Netanyahu remembered his predecessor as a warrior and a political leader . "  The State of Israel bows its head on the passing of former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon , " Netanyahu said in a statement . "  Ariel Sharon played a central role in the struggle for the security of the State of Israel over all its years . " The same decisions that made him a controversial figure during his lengthy tenure as a military man and politician were back on display in the initial reactions to his death . These moments include his role as defense minister during the 1982 war in Lebanon . During that conflict , he was held indirectly responsible by an Israeli inquiry in 1983 for the massacre of hundreds of Palestinians at the Sabra and Shatila refugee camps . He was forced to resign . He also raised ire in the Arab world by encouraging Israelis to build settlements on occupied Palestinian land , but later did an about-face and pushed for the historic withdrawal from settlements in the West Bank and Gaza , which were turned over to Palestinian rule for the first time in nearly four decades . READ MORE : Sharon 's life on the front lines President Shimon Peres made an address eulogizing his "  dear friend Arik Sharon , " calling him by his well-known nickname . "  He was an outstanding man and an exceptional commander who moved his people and loved them . And the people loved him , " Peres said . But Hamas , the Palestinian movement that runs Gaza , paints Sharon with a darker legacy . "  We deal with the death of Sharon as an end for the crimes he committed against the Palestinian people , " said Israr Almodallal , spokesman for Hamas in Gaza . "  The biggest crime was the Sabra and Shatila massacre in Lebanon , and we deal with Sharon as a criminal person . "  We will not forgive Sharon any way or another , " he said . At the Baddawi refugee camp in northern Lebanon , Sharon 's death was marked with long bursts of shooting into the air , the Lebanese state-run NNA news agency said . READ MORE : Five things to know about Sharon President Barack Obama offered condolences to Sharon and the Israeli people , but his statement did not single out any milestones in the late prime minister 's life for praise besides noting that Sharon dedicated his life to Israel . "  We continue to strive for lasting peace and security for the people of Israel , including through our commitment to the goal of two states living side-by-side in peace and security , " Obama said . Secretary of State John Kerry offered a nuanced statement : "  During his years in politics , it is no secret that there were times the United States had differences with him . But whether you agreed or disagreed with his positions -- and Arik was always crystal clear about where he stood -- you admired the man who was determined to ensure the security and survival of the Jewish State . " To make Israel stronger , Sharon recognized that peace is necessary , Kerry said . Vice President Joe Biden will lead the U.S. delegation to Sharon 's memorial service , though details of the funeral have not been announced . Israel 's current defense minister , Moshe Ya'alon , in turn , praised Sharon 's military career . "  Ariel Sharon was first and foremost an extraordinary military commander that turned the  Israel Defense Forces  into an army that confronts the enemy and quickly prevails , " Ya'alon said in a statement . "  He displayed his military leadership in the battlefield , both in battles against regular armies and in the fight against terrorism . " Sharon was involved in every Israeli war going back to 1948 , and he was remembered as a fierce fighter . He believed strongly that in order for Israel to survive , a strong army was needed . He had a reputation as a hawk , but he moved in a more moderate direction as prime minister . The office of U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , released a statement focusing on Sharon 's shift toward negotiations with the Palestinians . Sharon "  will be remembered for his political courage and determination to carry through with the painful and historic decision to withdraw Israeli settlers and troops from the Gaza Strip . His successor faces the difficult challenge of realizing the aspirations of peace between the Israeli and Palestinian people , " the statement said . French President Francois Hollande offered his condolences , also emphasizing his actions at the end of his career . "  After a long military and political career , he made the choice to turn towards dialogue with the Palestinians , " Hollande said in a statement . The reaction from Russian President Vladimir Putin was less specific and , overall , laudatory for Sharon 's contributions to Israel and toward fostering Israeli-Russian relations . "  The President of Russia highly praised Ariel Sharon 's personal qualities , his activity to uphold the interests of Israel , noting the respect he enjoyed among his compatriots and internationally , " the Kremlin said in a statement . Critics continued to evoke the 1982 war in Lebanon . "  It 's a shame that Sharon has gone to his grave without facing justice for his role in Sabra and Shatilla and other abuses , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  His passing is another grim reminder that years of virtual impunity for rights abuses have done nothing to bring Israeli-Palestinian peace any closer . " Khaled Abu Al Noor , head of the Democratic Front , a Palestinian faction , described Sharon as "  a murderer . " "  He is responsible for the massacre of many Palestinian children , women and elderly . We call on the international community to try him under international law even after his death . " Sharon 's son , Gilad , thanked the people who cared for his father in the hospital and those who prayed for him . "  He was the one who decided when he would go , " Gilad said . CNN 's Michael Schwartz and Kareem Khadder in Jerusalem , CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark in London , CNN 's Samira Said , Joe Sterling , Radina Gigova and Brian Walker in Atlanta , and Journalist Raed Rafei in Beirut contributed to this report	NEW : Sharon 's coffin will lie in state at the Knesset ; his funeral will be Monday Ariel Sharon had been in a coma for eight years He is remembered for his controversial military and political career Israeli officials praise him , while some in the Mideast criticize him
CNN  -- Melissa Huckaby , the former Sunday school teacher accused of kidnapping , raping and killing 8-year-old Sandra Cantu , will face additional charges that she tried to poison two people , including another 7-year-old girl . Melissa Huckaby is charged with killing Sandra Cantu and attempted poisoning of second child . A revised complaint against Huckaby , 28 , of Tracy , California , was made public just hours before she was due back in court on Friday . The new charges caused another delay in the murder case , CNN afiliate KRON reported . The complaint charged that Huckaby "  did willfully and unlawfully mingle a harmful substance with food or drink " with the intent to harm the child , identified only as "  Jane M. Doe . " Another alleged poisoning victim was identified as Daniel Plowman , but no age or other information was immediately provided . The latest charges also include one count of child abuse endangerment relating to the unidentified child , who was allegedly in Huckaby 's "  care and custody . " Read the complaint  PDF Huckaby did not enter a plea in the Cantu slaying in her first two court appearances last month . At an earlier hearing , Judge Linda L. Loftis agreed to keep the autopsy and toxicology reports under seal , citing a "  great danger of public outrage . " If convicted on the murder , rape and kidnapping charges , Huckaby , could face the death penalty or life in prison without parole , authorities said . CNN 's Alan Duke and Jim Roope contributed to this report	NEW : Melissa Huckaby charged with attempting to poison "  Jane Doe , " 7 Huckaby due in court to face charges in slaying of another 8-year-old She faces special circumstances including kidnap , rape by instrument Decision on whether to seek the death penalty will come later
CNN  -- For decades , residents in Makoko have boarded wooden canoes to navigate through a labyrinth of narrow waterways crisscrossing a floating shanty town perched on stilts above Lagos Lagoon 's murky canals . Lacking access to basic infrastructure , including clean drinking water , electricity and waste disposal , and prone to severe environmental and health hazards , Makoko is one of the many chaotic human settlements that have sprouted in Lagos in recent years . Its makeshift shacks shelter thousands of people fighting for space in one the world 's most crowded cities . But in late July , scores of Makoko dwellers were left homeless after Lagos authorities swooped into the low-lying coastal community and demolished many of the community 's houses and other illegal structures . Interactive : Lagos - Engulfed by floods Officials cited security concerns for the operation -- the water village had grown dangerously close to a major bridge and the electrical towers surrounding it . In the past , local authorities have also said that the ever-growing slums built on flood-prone wetlands put an additional burden on the city 's inadequate drainage systems . Yet the demolition left a large number of people displaced and homeless overnight , their possessions disappearing into the water . Without a place to go , many have since taken to their canoes for shelter or squatted with neighbors . "  We ca n't keep living like this , " says Makoko resident Paul Adiroba . "  We are human beings , we are not animals . " Related : A look inside Nigeria 's floating slum Some say that Makoko residents are paying the price of an ambitious urbanization effort . Felix Morka , executive director of the Social and Economics Rights Action Center , says that Makoko residents were given just a 72-hour notice to evacuate their homes . "  The government has a duty to organize its resources and mobilize its resources to improve this city , " he says . "  But destroying people 's homes without due process is not the way to go about it -- that is counterproductive . " Read related : Africa 's daily commuting grind But for others villages like Makoko need to be torn down if Lagos is to develop into a world class city . Nigeria 's commercial capital and economic nerve center , Lagos has a population of some 15 million people , making the sprawling city bigger than London , Buenos Aires and even Beijing . In Metropolitan Lagos there are 20,000 people per square kilometer while authorities estimate that some 3,000 people from other states of the Nigerian federation enter the state every day without leaving . Read more : Nigeria 's growth leaves elderly behind Professor Johnson Bade Falade , Habitat Program Manager for Nigeria , says that a number of socio-economic factors have led to Lagos experiencing an "  astronomical growth " between the 1960s and now . "  At the time Lagos was growing there was n't too much importance attached to physical planning , " he explains . "  We were left with the kinds of challenges that cities are growing , planning is not complete . " About 70 % of the city 's population is believed to live in slums , while a 2006 U.N report estimated that only 10 % of households in the Lagos Metropolitan area were directly connected to a municipal water supply . Beset by a swelling population , expanding slums and crumbling infrastructure , Lagos authorities have undertaken a series of urbanization efforts in recent years to modernize the sprawling city 's facilities . Read related : Underwater cables bring faster internet to West Africa Falade says that "  a breath of fresh air has come over Lagos , " in the recent years . "  The difference is clear , the evidence is the improved landscape of Lagos in the urban regeneration project . " The city has launched a regulated bus rapid-transit system and has begun work to develop a reliable and affordable urban rail system as part of efforts to sort out its legendary snail-paced traffic . A gleaming fleet of new garbage trucks is also being deployed to deal with the 10,000 tons of waste generated every day . But perhaps the most impressive project for the Lagos of tomorrow is no other than the Eko Atlantic , a pioneering residential and business development located on the Victoria Island , along its upmarket Bar Beach coastline . The ambitious project is being built on three and half square miles of land reclaimed from the Atlantic Ocean and is expected to provide accommodation for 250,000 people and employment opportunities for a further 150,000 . "  This is a city for the 21st century , we are not using an old model , " says David Frame , managing director of Eko Atlantic . "  We are finding ways and means to produce a city that will reach international standards . " Many hope that urban renewal projects like the Eko Atlantic will bring more investment opportunities to the city . "  So we have a lot of opportunity for recreational facilities as well as providing a core business center and a good place to live right on the coast of Lagos , " says Frame . It 's clear Lagos needs to quickly develop its overburdened infrastructure to accommodate the needs of a rapidly increasing population and provide jobs , education and proper infrastructure or risk significant social upheaval . But it also seems that in the race to rebuild some , like the Makoko residents , may be left behind . "  There is a more responsible way to engage in development activity , " says Morka . "  The government must see the people not as marginal to the city , they must be seen as integral to the city . They are part of this population . "	Lagos authorities have demolished houses in one of the city 's coastal slums Many people have been left displaced and without a place to sleep The city is taking a series of steps to modernize its overburdened infrastructure Lagos , one of Africa 's most-populous cities , has some 15 million inhabitants
When a mainland Chinese tourist heard about a bookstore in Hong Kong that sold books banned by Beijing , he knew he had to check it out . The Beijing native traveled to Hong Kong for a weekend in July and stopped by People 's Commune in Causeway Bay to see if the rumors were true . "  I want to know the inside stories of the party , " said the man , who did not want to be identified because it was illegal to bring the books back home . "  It has nothing to do with me personally but there is no way you can get those inside China . " In mainland China the government places strict controls on mass media , which often means that political analysis and controversial accounts of Chinese history are impossible to find within the country 's borders . However , entrepreneurs in Hong Kong -- a special administrative region of China that has freedom of press -- are cashing in on the ban to cater to the millions of mainland Chinese who travel to Hong Kong to shop . Bookstores such as People 's Commune stock their shelves with forbidden tales of everything from the Tiananmen Square crackdown of 1989 to the ongoing scandal of ousted Communist Party official Bo Xilai . Deng Zi Qiang , the owner of People 's Commune , has seen a growing flood of mainland Chinese customers since he opened the store in 2003 , the same year Hong Kong was opened to an increasing number of independent travelers from China . In 2011 , Hong Kong had 28.1 million visitors from the mainland , compared to 13.6 million in 2006 , according to statistics from the Hong Kong Tourism Board . Now , "  95 % of the customers are from mainland China , " said Deng , a Hong Kong native . The People 's Commune has opened an account on China 's microblogging site Sina Weibo to inform their Chinese customers of new selections and to take orders . Most buyers are from developed cities like Beijing , Shanghai and Guangzhou , Deng said . They range in age from 30 to 40 years old and are scholars or businessmen . Even Chinese government officials and police chiefs have come through his doors . "  Some of them show me their police IDs when checking out " to prove they are government officials , Deng said . As a businessman , Deng said he does n't care too much about political rumors and scandal , but his book selection taps a huge potential market . "  Mainland China is short of information and freedom of expression compared to Hong Kong , " Deng said . "  Besides luxury goods , I thought it could also be an attraction for mainland Chinese . " He said that he sells between 200 and 300 books a month . Zhou Baosong , a political professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong , said part of the allure for mainland Chinese is that reading such books makes people feel like they are political participants , rather than just helpless observers . That also explains why many Hong Kong locals do n't pay much attention to the bookstores . In democratic societies like Hong Kong people do n't exhibit the same passion for reading political books since they have adequate ways to get information and be involved in politics , Zhou said . But this information climate also provides lots of room for rumors and falsehoods . "  Mainland Chinese are more keen to read  whatever they can  , " said Zhou . "  Rumors then get the opportunity to spread . " On a recent Friday night dozens of customers sat in the store browsing selections at People 's Commune . "  I found some books ridiculous , " said a stock broker from Fujian Province , in Eastern China , who stopped in the bookstore while his wife and daughter shopped nearby . "  I think our country is the best place to be . " When returning to China , his customers risk having them confiscated at customs , Deng said . Still , many make repeated trips to obtain the books , he added . But it 's not a defiance of the Communist Party that fuels his desire to read these books , said the customer from Beijing . "  Just because I 'm reading these books , does n't mean I 'm anti-Party , " he said . "  In fact , if the people have more access to the decision-making process they can give suggestions and provide their wisdom . "  As long as it does n't hurt the fundamental well being of its people , I do n't see a reason for the country to ban the information , " adds the man , who left with several political magazines in tow . "  After all , we want the country to be better and our lives to be improved . "	Bookstores in Hong Kong are now catering to mainland Chinese tourists The books sell literature that is banned in China under the Communist Party rule Topics include political scandals , history books and book about the Party itself Experts say Chinese buy these books to feel a part of the political process
CNN  -- Manliness , metaphorically embodied these days by facial hair , grilling meat and building domestic "  man caves , " is now carving its own space online . Look around . The line of what is and is n't masculine is blurring , whether it is through manscaping , as shown in Morgan Spurlock 's new documentary "  Mansome " or barbecue chefs such as Elizabeth Karmel expertly wielding tongs . This trend may be rightly celebrated for breaking gender stereotypes . But as the "  mantuary " for hanging with the bros gets invaded by scented candles , some entrepreneurs are fighting back with new websites that cater to stereotypically manly interests such as cars , sports , tech toys and bachelor living . They have names such as Dudepins , Manteresting , PunchPin , Gentlemint and Dartitup , and they claim to target the male demographic not just in content but also in utilization . They 've all launched in the past six months , and their inspiration appears to be the skyrocketing popularity of Pinterest , a virtual pinboard where users post , or "  pin , " images of their favorite things . Unlike Pinterest , however , these sites have fewer photos of wedding dresses and more pics of beards , babes , guns , Harleys and bottles of whiskey . Pinterest has more than 20 million users , and a survey last spring found they spend more time there per month than users of any other social network except Tumblr and Facebook . Considering those numbers , and that Pinterest has been valued at $ 1.5 billion , and it 's no surprise that similar websites such as Pinspire , Clipix and Stylepin have popped up . But Pinterest and its copycat sites are largely populated by women . A February survey by Visual.ly found that women comprise 83 % of Pinterest users . A quick browse through its most popular pins and its About section  "  People use pinboards to plan their weddings , decorate their homes and organize their favorite recipes "  seems to reinforce this gender imbalance . CNN Tech : Pete Cashmore on why Pinterest is 2012 's hottest website Brandon Harris , co-founder of Dartitup , said that when he first played around with his fiancee 's Pinterest account , he appreciated the concept . "  I loved what it did and I loved the features , but I did n't like the content , " he said . "  The content is not geared towards a guy . I am not interested in cupcakes or puppies . But I am interested in cars and gadgets . " CNN Tech : Interest , meet Pinterest : Site helps users catalog their passions Not that there are n't any men pinning . But Ricardo Poupada , co-founder of AskMen , said that when his online men 's magazine started using Pinterest , they noticed that there was n't a strong male presence . "  There 's still that perception that it is a female-centric site , " he said . ` Manly ' alternatives Enter sites such as Manteresting . "  We were thinking of mimicking the -LSB- Pinterest -RSB- business concept but catering to the male demographic , " said Brandon Patchin , who co-founded Manteresting with Jesse Michelsen . "  Jesse and I , we are intentional in our naming of our website . We needed to be divisive . " While Manteresting has managed to rack up more than 2 million page views since it started in February , the plan is not to declare war against Pinterest , Patchin said . So what makes up a manly image bookmarking website ? Let 's start with the look . Manteresting 's layout swaps Pinterest 's cursive red title on a cream background with a black , block-letter title and the tag "  Interesting.Man.Things " on a dark steel background . Dartitup goes for a dark navy blue with white lettering , and Gentlemint opts for an elegant black-and-white theme with a moustachioed logo . Then there 's the testosterone-laden choice of words . Instead of "  Pin It , " users on these websites can "  Nail It "  Manteresting  , "  Dart It "  Dartitup  and "  Save to Your Mint "  Gentlemint  . Dudepins ' slogans are "  Dudes like sharing stuff " and "  Man Up . Sign Up . Pin Up . " The founders of Manteresting , Dartitup and Gentlemint were all quick to say that they do n't emphasize photos of women in bikinis or tolerate offensive content . Their most popular image subjects range from food to technology to sports to memes to bachelor pads , they said . Embracing stereotypes ? Glen Stansberry , co-founder of Gentlemint -- "  a mint of manly things " -- said he felt no pressure to set a certain bar for manliness . "  How do we know what 's manly ? We really do n't , " he said . "  There is no editorial guideline , so people interpret it their own way . " Each site embraces "  manliness " in a different way . Dartitup prides itself as "  a guy 's night out " and pairs you up with similar users during registration . It also has a "  Challenges " section where users are asked to dart images in response to a challenge like finding "  something Chuck Norris can not defeat . " Manteresting gives you the option to "  bump " or "  shame " an image to the "  Top Voted " or "  Wall of Shame " sections of the site . Gentlemint has "  Collections " that allow users to group images in whatever form they like as opposed to categorizing them . AskMen 's Poupada believes men share content differently than women and are more likely to share that which is representative of stereotypical male interests . "  It 's more about what your stuff says about you , " he said . "  The sharing is very much in line with what society dictates to us . If a guy talks about calorie counting , he will be ostracized . " Poupada warns that the content on these niche websites could perpetuate stereotypes about what men are interested in . He 's not alone . Gawker 's Adrian Chen also mocked the idea of "  Pinterest for men " in a recent article and suggested men are threatened by the female-dominated website . "  Why do we need these sad virtual man caves ? " he wrote . "  Get over yourselves , dudes . Maybe you 'll even learn a little about closet organizing . " Manteresting 's Patchin says his team has been accused of being "  homophobic or misogynistic or sexist . " But he points out that Manteresting has no restrictions against women joining , and that his site 's 45,000 images of bacon doughnuts , basement game rooms and movie posters offer proof that there is a market for such content . Harris of Dartitup says his site has received invite requests from women and that they are more than welcome to join . "  But we said from the start , this is a service that guys will like , " he said . More men on Pinterest This raises a question : Would it be so terrible if Pinterest remains dominated by women and female-oriented content ? Mary Elizabeth Williams , a staff writer at Salon.com , wrote in a recent article that Pinterest 's gender gap reveals how "  conservative ideas about gender find themselves reproduced online . " But she believes that may not be such a bad thing . "  Within a seemingly tame array of cute animals and wedding ideas , nearly 20 years into Web culture , we have nevertheless somehow managed to create something formidable -- at long last , the Net 's first true woman-centric blockbuster , " she wrote . Last week , Alexandra Lange wrote on The New Yorker 's culture blog that she fears Pinterest 's founders might "  push the flowers off screen " because "  women 's interests are coming on ' a little strong ' for an Important Social-Media Platform , " she said . She later added , "  We should be long past women 's clubs , but if Pinterest remains one , let it be the men 's loss . " The scales of gender balance might already be leveling . A recent Mashable slide show featured men with hundreds of thousands of followers on Pinterest . And according to Visual.ly , a data visualization community , 56 % of Pinterest users in the UK are men . Poupada predicts that Pinterest is in a pre-evolutionary stage , just as "  Facebook was once considered for college students . " The bookmarking site may attract a more balanced group of users once it tweaks its branding , he says . "  There will always be places to be gender-specific , " he said . "  There will always be the -LSB- male -RSB- equivalent of Pinterest . But the beauty of the Web is you can never stop anyone else from joining . The medium does n't allow it . " What do you think ? Do you find Pinterest too "  girly " or do you think it is fine the way it is ? Should Pinterest become more gender neutral ? Would you use these manly alternatives ? Let us know in the comments .	One recent survey found that 83 % of Pinterest users are women That 's created a niche for new "  manly " visual bookmarking sites These sites cater to interests such as cars , sports , tech toys and bachelor living
OPRAH.com  -- It was a beautiful -- no , a perfect -- day . Until a kindly but clueless grandma asked The Question That Must Never Be Posed to Any Woman , Ever . In the spirit of forgiveness , this columnist resolves to breathe in and let go ... but not before recalling a landfill of grudges , slights , insults , and snarky remarks . About three weeks after my daughter , Julia , was born , I was standing in line at Russ & Daughters , a lovely little shoebox of a shop that 's been serving the most exquisite Jewish delicacies ever since Mr. Russ loaded up his pushcart and headed for the Lower East Side of Manhattan in 1908 . I was ordering smoked butterfish and nova , sliced thinner than angel wings , as the guys behind the counter plied me with samples of apricot strudel and raspberry rugelach . It was spring , my baby was healthy , Russ & Daughters had just put out their marble nut halvah , and all was right with the world . I was experiencing what the late , great Spalding Gray used to call "  a perfect moment . " Please note , Mr. Gray did n't talk about perfect days , he did n't even refer to a perfect half-hour stretch . Nope , he only suggested that there are moments when life is inexorably sweet , but those moments are few and far between -- and generally over before you can capture them on the teeny camera in your ridiculously tricked-out cell phone . The adorable grandma to my left decided to strike up a conversation : "  So , how long have you been coming here , dear ? " She smelled like Pond 's Cold Cream and cinnamon , and I liked her immediately . "  Well , ma'am , my aunt Bernice first brought me here when I was just a kid , " I answered between bites . She smiled warmly and told me she grew up right around the corner , on Orchard Street , and had shopped here since the 1920s . "  I raised five children on this food , " she said , pointing to the baked blueberry farmer 's cheese . We were soulmates in sable , partners in pickled herring ; we spoke the language of lox . And that 's when it happened . My new buddy suddenly reached out her bony little liver-spotted hand , patted my baby-free middle , and asked the one question nobody should ever ask : "  When are you due ? " I toyed with the possibility that she had some sort of death wish . Perhaps the question was actually a thinly veiled plea . I mean , is n't it plausible that what she was really saying was "  I want to go out on a high note , so I 'll just have a taste of chopped liver , and then do something so heinous that it drives this perfectly reasonable woman to club me to death with a side of salmon " ? Oprah.com : How to survive a verbal ambush Questions never to ask You see , there are certain questions that must never be asked : 1 . Has your surprise party happened yet ? 2 . How did you first learn that your husband is cheating ? And , above all : 3 . When are you due ? I do n't care if the woman you 're asking is wearing a T-shirt with a giant rhinestone-encrusted arrow that points to her belly and reads BABY ON BOARD . I do n't care if she 's writhing on a gurney in the birthing room of Mount Sinai hospital , screaming for an epidural as an obstetrician announces , "  One more push and the baby will be out ! " You never , let me repeat , never , ever , under any circumstances , ask a woman when she 's due . "  June , " I replied . Some people collect coins , some prowl the Internet for vintage guitars ; I know a woman with a closet full of antique Kewpie-doll heads . I 'm not totally clear what turned her against everything from the neck down -- she may have been frightened by a Barbie breast as a child . But I 'm nobody to judge , because I , too , am a collector . What I collect are slights , digs , withering remarks , and the occasional mean-girl glare . I examine a good when-are-you-due story from every angle , I trade them with friends , I commit them to memory , I savor them for eternity . Insults that live forever Here are a few of my favorite insults : My old friend Suzanna remembers the first time she had her Hungarian husband 's family over . She cooked for three straight days . The woman goulashed and paprikashed and put her tomato sauce through a food mill , for God 's sake . At the end of the meal , her new mother-in-law took Suzie 's hands in hers , looked her straight in the eye , and said : "  I 'm so glad you feel you can practice on us . " Ouch . My former roommate Laurie came home with an A + on her test and proudly handed the paper to her father . "  Interesting , " he said . "  I always thought you had to be really smart to get this kind of grade . " Kaboom . My pal Faye tells the story of spending an entire evening with a guy she met when they both reached for the same stuffed zucchini blossom at a fancy fundraiser . He suggested they get together the very next day for a picnic in Central Park , and she was delighted to take charge of the fried chicken and potato salad . The next day she waited and waited . Two hours , one drumstick , half a pound of red bliss potatoes , and five weeks of dieting down the drain later , Faye picked up the phone : "  What happened ? " His reply : "  Well , I honked ... but you did n't come out . " Yikes . I bring Jules to the pediatrician for her annual checkup . "  Would you say she 's unusually tall ? " I ask , hoping that she 'll someday be able to reach all the stuff her 5 ' 2 " mother can not . "  No , she 's average , " he replies , quick and to the point . "  Are you sure ? " I persist . "  My friends all tell me that she 's really quite tall . " The good doctor peers down his bifocals . "  Maybe your friends do n't want to tell you that she 's really quite average . " Touché . Forget about kids ; grown-ups say the darnedest things . Sometimes they mean well , sometimes they mean to lacerate , sometimes they 're just clueless . The challenge  at least for me  is not to take any of it personally ... even when it 's meant personally . Sticks and stones may break my bones , but words will never hurt me , unless of course I decide to let them . But it 's a brand new year , and I 've resolved to make a few changes . I do n't want to lock and load when a nasty comment comes my way , but I also refuse to duck and cover . Instead , I am going to answer clumsiness with equanimity , bitchiness with compassion , and verbal violence with disengagement . I think it 's a damn good plan -- wise , tolerant , even kind of Zen . If I play my cards right , I could be crowned Miss Mental Health 2009 ! There 's just one teeny , tiny problem : I honestly believe Metallica 's next-door neighbor stands a better chance of getting a good night 's sleep without ear plugs and an Ambien than I stand of actually getting this plan to work . But that certainly does n't mean it 's not worth a try . So I will seek , to paraphrase Saint Francis of Assisi , not to be understood but to understand . I will send my collection of slights to Sotheby 's and have them auction it off to the highest bidder , one dig at a time , and if none of my attempts at happiness and harmony pays off , well then , I 'm heading for halvah at Russ & Daughters . By Lisa Kogan from "  O , The Oprah Magazine " , January 2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Columnist collects insults , slights and digs and savors them May have Sotheby 's auction off her collection of classic insults To avoid insults , never ask a woman if she 's pregnant or knows husband is cheating
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama broke his silence on the Colorado movie massacre Wednesday night and spoke out on the issue of gun control . "  I believe the majority of gun owners would agree ... that we should check someone 's criminal record before they can check out a gun seller ; that a mentally unbalanced individual should not be able to get his hands on a gun so easily , " said the president . "  These steps should n't be controversial . They should be common sense , " he added . Should n't be controversial ? Common sense ? The president knows full well that Democratic strategists -- including those who run his re-election effort -- see gun control as political dynamite . They have since Al Gore lost the presidency by failing to win conservative states , an outcome many Democrats blame in part on Gore 's push for gun control . For Democrats , gun politics are bad politics Still , Obama is the party 's leader . So we wanted to know whether his Democratic colleagues in Congress agree . "  I do n't know how anyone could disagree with what the president said yesterday , " said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . Reid agrees and he controls the Senate agenda . So he can do something about it . CNN 's Ted Barrett asked the next logical question . Will Senate Democrats act ? "  With the schedule we have , we 're not going to get into the debate on gun control , " Reid responded . "  But I 'm very happy , I 'm glad the president made the statement because it 's something that needs to be done . But we 're not going to address gun control . " he said flatly . So action wo n't happen this year . What about next year ? Barrett followed up : "  If you hold onto the majority next year , would Democrats commit to making it part of your agenda ? " he asked . Reid smirked in a way that made clear he could see the political minefield ahead , and he was n't going anywhere near it . NRA sends Democrats a message over AG contempt vote "  Nice try . Nice try , OK ? " he glared . In the House , Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi was prepped and ready for questions about the president 's comments on gun control , telling reporters she viewed his remarks "  a number of times . " "  I thought his comments were very thoughtful -- provided leadership when he said we need to build a national consensus to reduce violence in our country , " she said . Unlike Reid , Pelosi does not control the House agenda , but she 's never shy about using her microphone to make clear what Democrats want . She 's also a seasoned politician who wants the House majority and her speaker 's gavel back . That means retaking conservative districts where guns are popular . She danced delicately . "  There are important voices on all sides of this issue . We really need , we all recognize the importance of the Second Amendment and the need to , and also the need to reduce violence in our communities , " Pelosi said . We then took the president 's remarks to the halls of Congress and asked rank and file Democrats what they thought . Hill Democrats look to ` silent majority ' on gun control Democratic Rep. Joe Crowley is from New York City , where being anti-gun is n't very dangerous politically . "  It 's harder to get cold medicine in Colorado or anywhere else than it is to get 6,000 bullets apparently over the Internet and I think that 's , you know , a common sense conversation that needs to take place , " Crowley said . But Arizona 's Raul Grijalva is a Democrat from the kind of pro-gun congressional district his party is panicked about losing by pushing too hard on gun control . Still , he said he thought the presidents remarks were an "  an important ice-breaker . " "  It 's been a muted conversation for too long . You know , not just the tragedy that happened in Colorado . It 's a continuing cycle , and we do n't talk about it , and I think there is rational discussion that needs to occur , " Grijalva said . Being from an Arizona border district full of voters who cherish their gun rights , Grijalva said he was sure he would be hearing about these remarks from some upset folks back home . "  I think it 's a tough thing , because the  National Rifle Association  carries with it a threat , a threat that if you speak against any point of gun control , you automatically face a political threat , " Grijalva said . He is well-versed on the history of his party 's retreat from the politics of gun control . "  Since 1994 , after the Crime Act , that we lost the House in those years because of that , and there 's been a reluctance to address it , and like I said , the perceived threat of the NRA , " Grijalva said . "  I think the majority of the American people want us to have a rational discussion that protects their fundamental rights and the Second Amendment , but also protects the public safety . I do n't that 's a contradiction , " he said . CNN 's Ted Barrett and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	Gun control steps should n't be controversial , Obama says Reid : "  With the schedule we have , we 're not going to get into the debate on gun control . " Pelosi : "  There are important voices on all sides of this issue " Rep. Grijalva : Protecting Second Amendment rights and public safety not a contradiction
CNN  -- He 's a radio icon and onetime voice of a beloved cartoon character . Now 82 , Casey Kasem is suffering from Lewy body disease -- a common cause of dementia , a spokesman for his daughter told CNN on Tuesday . And his children say they do n't know where he is . A family battle has left Kasem 's children and a judge worried about his safety . Judge Daniel Murphy on Monday named Kasem 's daughter Kerri the temporary conservator until a June 20 hearing . But she ca n't take on the responsibility without knowing where he is . And Kerri Kasem says she believes her father 's wife "  fled the country  or possibly went to an Indian Reservation  with my Dad because she knew I would win in court today , " she wrote on Facebook . "  We want as many people to be on the lookout for our dad as possible , " Kerri Kasem told CNN Tuesday . "  If you see him , if you know his whereabouts , if you hear anything about him , please , call the police . ... This is terrible for his health . A man in his condition should not continually be moved . He 's confused . He 's probably very afraid , and he 's not getting proper medical care . " Sisters Kerri and Julie Kasem told CNN they last visited their father a week ago in the nursing home where he was staying . "  We spent a wonderful few hours with him there , " Julie Kasem told "  CNN Tonight " on Tuesday . "  He was able to smile . He was able to say , ' I love you . ' When we said , ` We 'll be back , Dad , we 'll be back , ' he looked at us and said , ` When ? ' " she said . "  There 's so much more meaningful communication we can have with him , and we want him back . He knows that we 're his children and he knows how much we love him . And he feeds off of that love , and we feed off his love , and we want him back . " When the Kasem daughters ' attorney , Troy Martin , called the day after their nursing home visit to check up on Casey , he was told by the nursing home that he had been removed overnight , the attorney told CNN . Murphy has ordered that Casey Kasem 's whereabouts be disclosed , Martin said . Kerri Kasem 's rep told CNN a missing persons report is in process . "  The report has been filed , " the rep said . "  Now they are waiting to speak with the sergeant they have been dealing with on this case . " After becoming conservator , Kerri Kasem got access to her father 's doctors and medical records . That 's when she learned that he had Lewy body , rather than Parkinson 's disease , Deraney said . Previously , the children had said in court papers that they were told their father had Parkinson 's disease . Lewy body dementia is the second most common type of progressive dementia after Alzheimer 's , according to the Mayo Clinic . It can be hard to diagnose because Lewy body and Alzheimer 's cause similar symptoms , according to the National Institutes of Health . Last year , a judge ruled that Kasem was being well cared for by his wife , Jean Kasem . The judge denied a request by Kasem 's children that a temporary conservator be appointed . Attempts to contact Jean Kasem 's attorney Monday and Tuesday were unsuccessful . Daughter Julie Kasem and her husband , Dr. Jamil Aboulhosn , filed the previous conservatorship petition , claiming the retired radio host "  has been isolated from his daughters , friends and other family " by his wife . In November , Jean Kasem offered a very different description . "  These children single-handedly and irreparably shattered the lives of their father , his wife and youngest daughter , the calm of their home and their neighborhood by engaging in uncalled for public demonstrations and personal attacks in the media , " she said in court papers , according to CNN affiliate KCBS . "  They are doing so with a professionally orchestrated media and legal campaign that has disgraced their father and vilified their stepmother . " The children "  falsely claim that their stepmother is wicked and is keeping her husband prisoner in his home behind closed doors and that they no longer have access to him through no fault of their own , " she added . " ... For reasons they know all too well , their presence at this state would be toxic and extremely distressing for Casey , Jean and their daughter , Liberty , who have had enough of their cruelty . " In December , Kerri Kasem told CNN that her stepmother was preventing Kasem 's children from visiting their ailing father . "  It 's been a very long time . We saw this coming . We were n't blindsided by this , " she said at the time . "  This is a man we saw every single week , talked to him every single day on the phone until he lost his voice . We are an extremely close knit family , extremely , and his family means more to him than anything , " "  We tried everything to get her to let us see him when she stopped bringing him over to the house . She had an assistant bring him over to the house so we could see him every weekend . She stopped . My sister went there , knocked on the door and she was escorted off the property . " The petition last year said that Julie Kasem and her husband had been unable to check on Kasem 's health even though her father signed papers in 2007 giving them the power of attorney over his heath care in the event he was unable to make his own health decisions . They "  have been prevented from exercising their duties " by Jean Kasem , who has been married to the retired radio host for three decades , the filing said . "  There is no communication between Jean and us and his daughters , " said brother Mouner Kasem . "  We have no knowledge of how he is , what he 's doing , if he 's better , if he 's worse , and we 're scared that we 'll never see him again . " Casey Kasem , who for decades hosted radio music countdown shows "  American Top 40 " and "  Casey 's Top 40 , " retired in 2009 . Besides the famed countdown shows , Kasem was also the voice of Shaggy in the cartoon "  Scooby-Doo " and an announcer for NBC . He was a popular DJ and occasional actor before "  American Top 40 " began in 1970 . Jean Kasem , 60 this year , was an actress with roles in "  Ghostbusters " and "  Cheers , " according to the Internet Movie Database . Kasem 's kids take stepmom to court All-time great DJs CNN 's Alan Duke , Akiko Fujita and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : Kerri Kasem says she is filing a missing persons report for her father Daughter to CNN : "  We feed off his love , and we want him back " Casey Kasem 's wife , Jean , previously accused the children of shattering her family 's life Judge has ordered that Casey Kasem 's whereabouts be disclosed , her attorney says
Washington  CNN  -- Just two months after the brinksmanship of the "  fiscal cliff , " on Friday Washington faced yet another deadline to avoid yet another fiscal calamity of its own making . But this time , something is different . As congressional leaders met in the White House on Friday for what was little more than a photo-op on the day forced budget cuts went into effect , this time there are no 11th-hour negotiations to save the day . There is no last-minute effort to call in Vice President Joe Biden on behalf of Democrats or Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell on behalf of Republicans to get things back on track . Obama : ' I am not a dictator , I 'm the president ' Instead , for the past few weeks , all sides -- the White House and Congress , Democrats and Republicans -- have done nothing but squabble like a dysfunctional married couple about who is responsible for the bad policy that is the forced budget cuts , all while avoiding dealing with the real issues . National leaders ' apparent lack of interest in working out an alternative to the cuts was symbolized by the meeting Friday morning at the White House . As if to check off the "  we did everything we could " box , say couples counselors , President Obama and congressional leaders from both parties met to show that they met -- even though earlier this week , Obama told Hill leaders they needed to be "  ready to talk solutions . " As expected , the meeting produced no breakthrough and Friday night President Obama formally began the process of implementing the forced budget cuts he and Congress have been criticizing for weeks . If it feels like a child helplessly watching bickering parents repeat a dysfunctional cycle of disagreement , recrimination and contempt while not addressing the root cause of what 's wrong in their relationship , there 's good reason . Spending cut politics : DÃ © jÃ vu all over again "  They 've lost sight of the big picture because they 're so determined to be right and to win the argument , and that 's what happens with couples , " said Sharon Rivkin , a California-based marriage counselor and author of "  Breaking the Argument Cycle . " The need to be right , shaming and blaming are the three major obstacles to a healthy relationship , Rivkin said . "  And that 's exactly what they 're doing -- the Democrats and the Republicans are doing with each other . They 're attacking and defending and really just want to be right . And are not looking at the impact that it 's going to have on children and the economy and the country . " Spending cuts : When they 'll really bite In addition to the contempt that seems to be building on both sides , Rivkin flagged misdirected disagreement as another sign that the relationship between Democrats and Republicans has become dysfunctional to the point of needing therapy . "  They 're arguing about the wrong things , and that 's what happens in couples : You 're not even arguing about what 's really going on . You 're just arguing to win , " Rivkin said . "  They should be talking about economic growth and how to reduce the budget deficit and how they can be fair , " the therapist observed . Instead , both sides are squabbling over who originally had the idea for the forced spending cuts . "  You ca n't win in an argument like that , because it 's he said , she said , and they 're not getting to the root of the issues . " Teachers : How will you be affected ? Then there is Obama and House Speaker John Boehner , a couple that seems to have the most strained relationship in a dysfunctional Washington . Rivkin says that if the two men came to her for therapy , she 'd first listen to their gripes about one another . "  And then I 'd try to make it more human " by getting away from their superficial disagreements and appealing to their shared concern for the well-being of the country . "  If I talked to them long enough , there 's got to be something that they agree on , " Rivkin said , adding that finding a point of agreement in a quarrelling couple is "  very powerful . " Obama signs order activating deep spending cuts Rivkin also said that Boehner 's recent announcement that he will no longer negotiate directly with Obama is another sign that the relationship between the two men is in serious trouble . "  The healthiest relationships are the ones where you can negotiate , " the marriage counselor said , "  where you feel safe to put everything out there . " Laurie Puhn , a couples mediator and author of "  Fight Less , Love More , " likens Friday 's meeting at the White House to a couple 's mediation session where both spouses come into the room but refuse to speak . "  OK , " Puhn said , "  you got the image . You can check off your list  that  you did couples mediation , but clearly nothing could possibly be accomplished . " Like a married couple desperately in need of outside help to understand and resolve their differences , Puhn noted , "  each political party -- the individuals within them -- is all about what I want . Here 's what I want . Here 's what I need . Here 's what I wo n't do . Here 's what I wo n't give up . Everybody 's making demands , and they 're each just completely thinking about themselves . " In mediation , Puhn tries to avoid the personal acrimony between a couple and instead focus on identifying a list of underlying issues or concerns in their relationship . Then she focuses on areas of agreement about those issues and sets those aside so the couple can focus on the areas of disagreement . "  You narrow it down ... and what you 're left with are the sticking points , " Puhn said . Then the task becomes avoiding focusing on a single sticking point and , instead , finding some give-and-take amongst all the sticking points . "  Most of the time , people ca n't identify their actual problems , " Puhn said of her work with distressed couples . "  And I think that 's what we see between the president and the speaker . " Obama and Boehner and both political parties seem to be suffering from another affliction Puhn sees in struggling couples . "  If we 're going to fight , let 's have a good fight . ... Let 's make our goal in a fight to reach a solution . The goal is not to win ... not to persuade your mate . " As a mediator , Puhn said , much of what she does is to control the environment where a couple is brainstorming tradeoffs between their sticking points on critical issues so that one spouse is n't given the opportunity to see the other 's willingness to compromise as leverage or weakness . In so doing , Puhn often acts as a substitute for the trust between the couple that has broken down by the time they seek her help . Puhn said Obama and Boehner and Democrats and Republicans in Washington "  absolutely " need a mediator whom both sides trust who can get them refocused from their entrenched positions to their underlying interests and goals . "  As a politician , you should be able to understand and mediate through what your interests are , " Puhn said . "  And if you really ca n't move away from the words and the specific rules on the table and the  governmental  programs you 're discussing , what it means is that you 're truly just focused on what it 's going to look like -- what the image is of whatever you agree to . " Suffering from sequester burnout ? You 're not alone	Washington faced yet another fiscal deadline -- this time with no real effort to negotiate Couples therapist : Democrats , Republicans lost sight of big picture , are just arguing to win Couples mediator : Disagreements should be used to find solutions
CNN  -- People were "  thrown to the roof as if they were dolls " and some feared for their lives when a Continental Airlines flight ran into turbulence , shaken passengers said . Oxygen masks hang from a damaged part of the plane Monday , in a photo by passenger Camila Machado . The turbulence struck without warning several hours into Monday 's Continental Flight 128 from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , to Houston , Texas . The pilot diverted the Boeing 767-200 to Miami , Florida , to get treatment for the injured . Continental said seven passengers were transported to hospitals , and about 28 other passengers were treated at the scene . Lt. Elkin Sierra of the Miami-Dade Fire Department said 26 passengers were injured , including four seriously . "  The airplane came down very sharply , and all of us bumped our heads against the ceiling -- twice , " Brazilian passenger Celi Dfaria told CNN affiliate WSVN-TV at Miami-Dade International Airport . "  It dropped so hard that everything in the seat-back pockets just flew up in the air . I caught my phone in my lap , " passenger Richard Sharp told the Houston Chronicle . Watch what happens when a plane drops " "  The second one was the devastating one . That 's when the plane really fell , " Fabio Ottolini of Houston , who with his wife and daughter was returning from a visit with family in Brazil , told affiliate KTRK-TV in Houston . "  While it was doing that , I saw people being thrown to the roof as if they were dolls . " Aloiso Dias thought the plane dropped more than twice . "  I felt like I was on a roller coaster , " he told WSVN-TV . "  I could n't even see what happened with my wife . I was just holding onto the front of the seat and going with the flow . " He could n't see because the cabin lights had gone out and "  it was pitch black outside , " Frederick Bright told the Houston Chronicle . "  I went up , and it was like I was in the air for a minute . Then I came down and I hit my back on the armrest , then I fell into the chair , " he said . "  I thought I was going to die because the lights went off completely , and all I could see was the red lights " on the wings . Most of those who were injured had not been wearing seat belts , passengers said . "  It was like in the movies -- anybody who did n't have a seat belt on came right out of their chairs , " Manuel Alfaro of Houston told the Chronicle . "  It smacked everyone around . " Several people hit the ceiling hard , witnesses said . "  People that were n't seatbelted in flew up and hit the ceiling , so their heads and their faces hit the plastics all up at the top , " John Norwood of Houston told WSVN-TV . "  A couple of people were badly hurt from the plastic breaking on their faces from the lights . There were people cut , bleeding . There were a few people unconscious . " Watch passengers describe the terror " Deanna Buckley of Houston hit the ceiling but was n't hurt . "  I hit my head on the light above and it broke the light out and I was showered in glass , " she told WSVN-TV . "  I was lucky , though . There were people on there whose faces were cut up . It was terrible . " The turbulence came suddenly , catching many passengers asleep . "  It seemed like the back of the plane got it the worst , though , probably because there 's more people in the back and a lot of people did n't have their seat belts on , " Sharp told the Chronicle . "  You had a lot of people sleeping across the empty rows , so those people were bouncing around on the armrests . They really took the brunt of the beating in the back . " Learn more about turbulence and what causes it " One of those was 13-year-old Thiago Candido , who was traveling unaccompanied . "  Oh , I was scared man , " Candido told KTRK-TV . "  I was sleeping and I woke up with my head in the ceiling . I did n't know what was going on . "  I thought the plane was falling , just like a big earthquake , but in the air , " he said . The flight carried 168 passengers and 11 crew members . Continental flew remaining passengers to Houston later Monday . "  I think the most important thing about this whole episode is seat belts , all the time , " Ottolini told KTRK-TV . "  Because we have no way to predict what happened . It just happened . "	Airliner dropped sharply at least twice , sending people and objects flying Several people 's heads hit ceiling , breaking plastic and glass "  I thought I was going to die , " Houston man tells TV station
CNN  -- A grand jury has indicted polygamous sect leader Warren Jeffs on a second sexual assault charge in connection with a probe of his Texas compound , prosecutors said Wednesday . The charge against Warren Jeffs stems from a probe into his sect 's Yearning for Zion Ranch near Eldorado , Texas . The Schleicher County , Texas , grand jury charged Jeffs , who already could be sentenced to life in prison after being convicted of a different charge in Utah , with a first-degree felony count of aggravated sexual assault . The indictment is Jeffs ' second in Schleicher County . In July , he was charged with sexually assaulting a child under 17 . Grand jurors have also indicted three more members of Jeffs ' Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , prosecutors said Wednesday . One member faces a count of conducting the unlawful marriage of a minor , another faces three counts of bigamy and a third faces three counts of bigamy and one count of tampering with evidence . The Texas charges stem from a state and federal investigation into the sect 's Yearning for Zion Ranch outside Eldorado , about 190 miles northwest of San Antonio . In April , child welfare workers removed more than 400 children from the compound , citing allegations of physical and sexual abuse . After a court battle , the Texas Supreme Court ordered the children returned in June , saying the state had no right to remove them and there was no evidence to show the children faced imminent danger of abuse on the ranch . To date , 12 people associated with the compound have been indicted as part of the investigation , Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott said . Jeffs , 52 , is the leader and "  prophet " of the estimated 10,000-member FLDS , an offshoot of the mainstream Mormon church . The FLDS openly practices polygamy at the YFZ Ranch , as well as in two towns straddling the Utah-Arizona state line -- Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona . In Utah , Jeffs was convicted on accomplice to rape charges for his role in the marriage of a sect member to a 14-year-old . He is awaiting trial in Arizona , where he faces similar charges . He faces a sentence of up to life in prison for the Utah conviction , and he also could face another life term if convicted of the Texas charges . His attorney in Arizona , Michael Piccarreta , has questioned the motives of Texas authorities , telling CNN in a July interview that the state 's investigation into Jeffs and his followers is an effort "  to cover themselves up on the botched attack on the ranch in Texas . "	Warren Jeffs indicted on second Texas sexual assault charge in four months Grand jury also indicts three other members of polygamous sect Charges stem from probe of sect 's ranch outside Eldorado , Texas Jeffs convicted in Utah of accomplice to rape for role in member 's marriage to teen
CNN  -- Using peaceful means to deal with pro-Western protesters "  remain futile , " Ukraine 's Interior Ministry said Saturday . Interior Minister Vitaly Zaharchenko accuses Oleg Layashko , leader of Ukraine 's Radical Democratic Party , of calling for attacks on law enforcement . "  As a result a policeman has been killed with a shot in the head overnight , and three other policemen have been captured by protester , " he said in a statement . He accused protesters of accumulating weapons and ammunition . Talks between Ukraine 's government and leaders from three other opposition parties over the past few days have gone nowhere . Protests against the government began in November when President Viktor Yanukovych refused to sign a trade agreement with the European Union in favor of stronger economic ties with Russia . The opposition is demanding the resignation of the government and early elections , but the government has so far refused and in turn accuses the opposition of creating a climate for extremist behavior . Hundreds of protesters continue their vigil in Kiev 's Independence square and surrounding streets where they set up a tent cities and put up barricades . Large plumes of black smoke billowed up from the barricades Saturday as riot police watched and waited nearby . Early Friday the Interior Ministry said that if protesters left the street where the violence has been focused , police would not seek to prosecute them and promised police would not use force against those rallying in Kiev 's Independence Square . The European Union is now trying to end the growing stalemate . EU representative Stefan Fule met with Yanukovych and opposition leaders Friday and Saturday . "  My talks in Kiev showed the need for a series of concrete steps to first start to rebuild trust of people by stopping the spiral of violence and intimidation , " he said . Fule 's talks were only a precursor to a scheduled visit next week by the EU 's foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton and a European Parliament delegation .	Dealing peacefully with protesters is "  futile " said Ukraine 's interior minister Talks between opposition leaders and the government ended in a stalemate The European Union is holding talks with the government and protesters Radical protesters killed a policeman , the Interior Ministry said
CNN  -- There was a time when the Republican Party was strictly for White Anglo Saxon Protestants . It was an alliance between Country Club Episcopalians and twice born followers of the Old Time Gospel , all firmly opposed to mass Catholic immigration from Europe . The nativism of the GOP drove Catholics into the welcoming arms of Al Smith , Jack Kennedy , Tip O'Neill and the Democratic Party . But this year 's GOP front-runners are a Mormon and two Catholics -- Rick Santorum  a cradle of Italian descent  and Newt Gingrich  a convert  . Roughly one-quarter of Republican primary voters are Catholic . Notable Catholic GOP leaders include John Boehner , Paul Ryan , Christine O'Donnell , Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush . Six out of nine justices of the Supreme Court are Catholics , and five of them are Republicans . The GOP is undergoing a quiet process of Catholicization . It 's one of the reasons why this year 's race has focused so much on social issues -- and sex . Republican outreach to Catholics began in the early 1970s , when Richard Nixon tried to entice blue-collar "  white ethnics " to the GOP by taking a tough stand on abortion . Nixon told members of his staff he was tempted to convert to Catholicism himself , but was worried it would be seen as cheap politics : "  They would say there goes Tricky Dick Nixon trying to win the Catholic vote . ... " Nixon genuinely admired the Catholic intellectual tradition and its ability to provide reasonable arguments to defend conservative values at a time when they were undergoing widespread reappraisal . That certainly made the Church an invaluable partner during the culture wars of the 1980s and 1990s . When the Moral Majority was established in 1979 to oppose things like abortion and homosexual rights , its evangelical founders did their best to include Catholics . Despite the organization 's reputation for being the political voice box of televangelists and peddlers of the apocalypse , by the mid '80s it drew a third of its funding from Catholic donors . Leaders like Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson consciously used the Moral Majority  and , later , the Christian Coalition  as an exercise in ecumenical coalition building . Falwell and Robertson were fans of Pope John Paul II and his resilient anti-communism . But they also recognized , like Nixon , that the Catholic Church had a vast intellectual heritage that could be drawn upon when fighting the liberals . For example , when debating abortion , evangelicals had hitherto tended to rely on Scripture to make their case . Catholics , on the other hand , had been integrating the concept of "  human rights " into their theology since the 1890s . Under Catholic influence , the pro-life movement evolved from a zealous , theology-heavy rationale to one more couched in the language of human dignity and personhood . By 2000 , Catholic social teaching was a core component of the Republican Party 's "  compassionate conservatism " agenda . Karl Rove targeted religious Catholics on behalf of George W. Bush , while the president made a big play of his social traditionalism . In the 2004 election , Bush beat John Kerry among Catholics , despite the fact that Kerry described himself as a faithful Catholic who never went anywhere without his rosary beads . Crucially , Bush 's victory among Catholics was made possible by his margin of support among those who attend Mass regularly . Catholics who said they rarely went to church plumped for Kerry . The election heralded a new split within the politics of the communion , between religious and ethnic Catholics . Indeed , it could be argued that just as Republican Protestants have become a little more Catholic in their outlook , so conservative Catholics have become a little more Protestant in theirs . Take Rick Santorum . Santorum is part of the John Paul II generation of Catholics who reject most of the liberalism that swept the church in the 1960s . He is a member of a suburban church in Great Falls , Virginia , that  unusually , nowadays  offers a Latin Mass each Sunday with a Georgian chant sung by a professional choir . The church has a "  garden for the unborn " and has boasted as worshipers the director of the FBI , the head of the National Rifle Association and Justice Antonin Scalia . Santorum is also an outspoken admirer of Saint Josemaria Escriva , the founder of the conservative lay organization Opus Dei . Opus Dei encourages among its members a work ethic and an effort to "  live like a saint " that is strikingly similar to the values and mores of New England 's Puritan settlers . Santorum 's political theology has thus moved him so sharply to the right that it 's sometimes difficult to culturally identify him as a Catholic . In a March 18 survey , less than half of GOP Catholics actually knew the candidate was himself a Catholic . That might be one of the reasons why Santorum consistently loses to Romney among Catholics in primaries , even during his landmark victories in the Deep South . In contrast , he does very well among evangelicals . We might speculate that what is emerging is an alliance between ultra-conservative Catholics and tea party evangelicals . Its politics might be antediluvian , but it 's an ecumenical breakthrough and a cultural revolution at the grass-roots level . The coalition 's mix of Catholic moral teaching and evangelical fervor has oriented the 2012 GOP race toward fierce social conservatism . During the debate over Obama 's contraception mandate , it was the Catholic conservative leadership who provided the moral objection , but the evangelicals who produced most of the popular opposition to it . And it is evangelical support that has elevated Santorum to his current status in the race . With its ability to shift the agenda and win primaries , the emerging Catholic/evangelical political theology is the most striking conservative innovation of this turbulent campaign season . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Timothy Stanley : The Republican party was once dominated by Protestants He says Catholics and Catholic theology now play a key role in the GOP Stanley : Conservative Catholics have led the party 's social issues conversation He says social issues play a key role in primaries , due to Catholic-evangelical alliance
CNN  Two Marines died after their helicopter crashed on a training mission in Southern California , the military said in a statement . The aircraft went down around 4:30 p.m.  7:30 p.m. ET  Friday at the Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center in Twentynine Palms , California . "  Our hearts go out to the families and friends of the two Marines we lost in this tragic accident , " Maj. Gen. Michael Rocco said Friday . The names of the Marines will be released after the next of kin are notified . According to its website , the Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center 's mission "  is to conduct relevant live-fire combined arms training , urban operations , and Joint/Coalition level integration training " for Marines and Navy sailors . It 's located in San Bernardino County some 130 miles east of Los Angeles and abuts Joshua Tree National Park . While missions in combat zones are obviously more dangerous , there are many examples of fatal U.S. military aircraft crashes during training missions as well . Last March , for instance , a F/A -18 C Hornet 's pilot died after a crash about 70 miles east of Naval Air Station Fallon in western Nevada . The Navy described the combat jet as a "  total loss . " The Marines have had their share of deaths during training missions as well . In 2012 , seven Marines died in a midair collision of two U.S. military helicopters along the Arizona-California border . Six of those killed during what was called a routine training operation were based at California 's Camp Pendleton , while the other was out of Yuma , Arizona , the Marine Corps said . The previous year , the Marines had at least three deadly incidents involving helicopter crashes in noncombat areas -- one off of Hawaii , another in the northern part of Camp Pendleton and the third on that same Southern California base . The latter two crashes both involved members of the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing , like the one of Friday .	2 die on a training mission at the Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center , Marines say Their helicopter crashed late Friday afternoon at the center near Joshua Tree National Park
Young Venezuelans unhappy with the ravaged economy , shortages and rising crime clashed again Friday with security forces who fired tear gas and water cannons . Hundreds of anti-government protesters blocked traffic on a major highway in Caracas , days after three Caracas protesters died in violence . The clashes , which have left dozens more injured or detained across the country , have exacerbated an already tense situation . President Nicolas Maduro , in a nationally televised speech , announced Friday the launch of a "  national plan for peace and coexistence . " Maduro said state and senior military officials will work together to reduce violence "  from its bases , " state media reported . Authorities on Thursday issued an arrest warrant for an opposition leader on charges including conspiracy and murder in connection with recent clashes . Leopoldo Lopez , head of Popular Will  known as VP after its initials in Spanish  , remained free late Friday . He has accused the government of responsibility for violence during protests Wednesday . "  They wo n't divide us , " Lopez tweeted Friday . Maduro was elected in April after President Hugo Chavez 's death from cancer . He has presided over a sharp decline in living standards and has failed to stem rising violent crime . Maduro insists he is facing a slow-motion coup . "  I want to alert the world . We are facing a developing coup plan against the democracy and the government that I preside over , orchestrated by a small group of irresponsible leaders , violent , full of hatred and personal ambitions , " he said Wednesday . The U.S. State Department expressed concerns about the state of affairs in Venezuela . "  We are deeply concerned by rising tensions , by the violence surrounding this February 12 protest and by the issuing of a warrant for the arrest of the opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez , " said spokeswoman Marie Harf . "  We join the secretary general of OAS  Organization of American States  in condemning the violence and calling on authorities to investigate and bring to justice those responsible for the death of peaceful protesters . " Inflation , at 56.2 % , is the highest in the world and many basic goods are missing from the shelves . Amid stringent price and exchange controls , Venezuela is running out of hard currency to pay foreign suppliers of goods and services .	Clashes continue in Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro says he has a peace plan Three people have been killed in Caracas violence
CNN  -- It came down to the wire , but one Thanksgiving tradition went off without a hitch . The 16 giant balloons that are a signature of the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade floated serenely over Thursday 's event in New York . The balloons ' use had been in question because of possible high winds , but calmer winds prevailed . New York police , however , asked that the balloons be flown five feet lower than normal , just to be safe . Some worried before the parade that they would n't get to see the famous balloons . "  We came all the way from Puerto Rico to see the parade , so it will be a disappointment if we ca n't see the balloons , " said Jose Ramirez , who was in New York with his family . The same goes for the Mastandano family . "  They have to fly , " said Joely Mastandano . "  Somebody has to make them fly . " Parade officials had good reason for being cautious . In 1997 , a woman spent more than three weeks in a coma after the Cat in the Hat balloon -- tossed by heavy winds -- struck a pole that hit her . In 2005 , two other people were hurt in a similar incident involving the M&M s balloon . Wind gauges will line the route to make sure it 's not too breezy , according to New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly . "  We have a sergeant assigned to each of the balloons , " Kelly said . "  They can be lowered all the way to the ground . " It 's Thanksgiving Forecasters had predicted major delays as people traveled for the annual holiday , but the big , scary storms they spoke of did n't quite materialize . Except for a few areas where heavy snow fell , this week 's wintry storm system was more of a nuisance than anything to most Americans . Early reports had us thinking flights would be stranded and roads too slick to travel on , especially in the Northeast . Not quite . Cold weather and blustery winds are the leftovers from this storm . Faring well Planes and trains fared well as the storm slipped to the north . No major delays were reported . That was good news for people like Latasha Abney , who joined the more than 43 million Americans expected by AAA to travel over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend . Abney said Wednesday that she arrived more than two hours early at Washington 's Reagan National Airport to catch a flight to New York 's JFK on Wednesday . "  Security was a breeze , " she said . "  I walked right up , the TSA agent checked my info ... Happy Thanksgiving !!!! " #ATL24 : A day in the life of the world 's busiest airport Amtrak reported no major delays across its system . Using the weather as a marketing tool , the nation 's rail system was adding seats on some routes . "  Rail travel remains one of the most reliable and comfortable transportation options , especially in weather conditions that negatively impact other modes , " Amtrak said . 5 healthy eating tips for holiday travelers Deadly roads Although planes were in the air and trains were on track , automobiles were having a tougher time on the northern fringes of the nation . Up to a foot of snow fell in parts of Pennsylvania , and it was falling from upstate New York into Canada , where more than a foot was possible . Snow also continued to fly in the central Appalachians and around the Great Lakes as cold air moved in and produced lake-effect snows . Road conditions were not great in much of the Northeast . Over the last week , 12 people died , most of them in car crashes , as the storm system iced roads from the Rockies to Texas and Oklahoma . More than 100 vehicles ended up in wrecks . Storm prompts airlines to relax travel policies Black Friday , or is that Thursday ? Travel ? Check . Turkey ? Check . Now it 's time to shop . All the buzz is about Black Friday , at least for serious shoppers . But it 's a bit of a misnomer . More and more , Black Friday is becoming Black Thursday . Kmart is the early bird with a 6 a.m. opening , and will stay open 41 straight hours . "  People do n't just want to sit at home all day on Thanksgiving . They want to get out and do things , shop , " said Bill Bonsor , the Kmart store manager in Mableton , Georgia . "  It 's just evolved into a bigger shopping day -- almost as big a shopping day as Black Friday . " Other retailers like Toys R Us , Walmart , Macy 's , Kohl 's , J.C. Penney and Sears wait until Thursday evening to open their doors . Electronics are again popular "  doorbuster " items . Look for specials on TVs , Kindles , iPads and other tablets . Not wanting to miss out on such deals , some folks had already pitched tents outside the Best Buy in Burbank , California , on Wednesday . "  It 's mainly for the experience , " said Gabbie Slayton . "  Because it 's been a tradition for six years . " A passerby chastised the group for not being home with their families , but Tim Gaze defended the outing . "  So , you 're focused on your family , and , if your family all comes to shop , then that 's fine . " Gobble , gobble and Happy Thanksgiving . CNN 's Jason Carroll , Ben Brumfield , Dave Hennen , Aaron Cooper , Alexandra Field , Shannon Travis and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Lighter winds meant the balloons could fly for the Macy 's parade Roads in parts of the Northeast are still slick Trains and planes stay on track Black Friday becomes Black Thursday
CNN  -- Alan D. Bersin , commissioner of the 57,000-employee U.S. Customs and Border Protection , will resign effective December 30 , he said Thursday . Bersin was appointed to the post by President Barack Obama on March 27 , 2010 . He notified the president of his resignation Thursday , he said in a statement . Deputy Commissioner David V. Aguilar will serve as acting commissioner , the U.S. Department of Homeland Security said Thursday . "  My service as commissioner has been one of the most rewarding experiences of my public life , " Bersin said . "  I am immensely proud of the significant and meaningful achievements we have made on our borders and at our nation 's ports of entry over nearly two years . "  Through innovative solutions and strengthened partnerships , we have measurably strengthened border security , enhanced our ability to prevent potential terror threats , streamlined the entry process for lawful trade , and expanded our trusted traveler programs , " he added . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano commended Bersin 's service . "  During his tenure , CBP has taken historic steps to secure our borders while facilitating legal travel and trade , " Napolitano said in a written statement . "  Commissioner Bersin has also been instrumental in facilitating new international agreements and public-private partnerships as well as developing new paradigms throughout the world in combating terrorism and international crime . " In prior positions , Bersin served as California 's secretary of education between July 2005 and December 2006 under Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger 's administration and was one of Schwarzenegger 's appointees to the State Board of Education , where he served until 2009 . He was also superintendent of San Diego 's schools between 1998 and 2005 . Before leading the nation 's eighth largest urban school district , he was appointed by President Bill Clinton , a Democrat , as the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of California , a post he held for almost five years .	NEW : Deputy Commissioner David V. Aguilar is named acting commissioner Alan D. Bersin was appointed by President Obama in March 2010 His resignation is effective December 30 Bersin oversees a 57,000-employee agency protecting the nation 's borders
Health officials have added 45 infants to the list of more than 700 who were exposed to tuberculosis at a hospital in El Paso , Texas . Earlier this week , the city 's Department of Public Health announced that 706 infants and 43 health care workers had been exposed to tuberculosis , commonly called TB , at Providence Memorial Hospital . An employee at the hospital came to work with an active case of TB some time between September 2013 and August 2014 . He or she worked with infants in the nursery and in the post-partum unit at the hospital , the health department said . These 45 additional cases were exposed during the same time period , and are being notified along with the rest of the group . The family of each patient was sent a certified letter and is being contacted via telephone with instructions on how to get tested for TB . Any necessary follow-up care will be provided free of charge by the health department and the hospital . As of Monday , more than 350 appointments had been made for screenings , according to the health department . Parents and other family members of the infants are not being told to get tested because they "  are not considered exposed , " health officials said in a statement . There is no word yet on whether any of the people exposed have tested positive for the disease . The infected health care worker is no longer working and is receiving treatment , the owner of the hospital , Sierra Providence Health Network , said in a statement . Tuberculosis is an infectious disease that generally causes coughing , chest pain and difficulty breathing , according to the Mayo Clinic . An estimated 2 billion people worldwide have what 's called latent TB , where the bacteria remain dormant and do n't cause symptoms . "  Once in the body , the bacteria usually lay dormant for months or years before they begin to grow and cause a case of active TB , " the El Paso Department of Public Health said in a statement . "  That is why it is so important to identify people who may have been exposed , screen them , and provide treatment . " The bacteria that cause TB spread through the air when an infected patient coughs or sneezes , but it 's not a highly contagious disease ; close contact over a longer period of time is required before another person becomes infected , according to the Mayo Clinic . Only active TB can be spread . The Texas Department of State Health Services conducted an on-site investigation at Providence Memorial Hospital last week and cited the hospital "  for deficiencies that represent immediate jeopardy to patient health and safety , " said Carrie Williams , the department 's director of media relations . Investigators "  found serious deficiencies in the areas of infection control , patient rights and governing body . " The Center for Medicare Services has placed the hospital on a termination track , said David Wright , deputy regional administrator for CMS in Dallas . He said CMS is giving the hospital until October 11 to identify policy changes that need to happen to ensure something like this wo n't happen again . If the hospital fails to do so , its Medicaid and Medicare funding will be cut off . "  This is one of the largest TB exposure investigations we 've ever been involved in , and it involves infants , so it is particularly sensitive , " Williams said . "  Babies are more likely than older children and adults to develop life-threatening forms of TB . " Patients with TB must take antibiotics for six to nine months . Some strains of TB are resistant to antibiotics , which makes them more dangerous . Without treatment , TB can be fatal , the Mayo Clinic says . There is one vaccine for TB -- Bacille Calmette-Guerin , known as BCG -- that is not widely used in the United States , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ; it is given more often to children in countries where TB is common . There were 9,582 recorded cases of TB in the United States last year . In October , health officials identified 140 infants who may have been exposed to tuberculosis in a similar incident at a hospital in Nevada .	751 infants and 43 health care workers have been exposed to TB Hospital worker in El Paso , Texas , came to work with active case of TB TB is an infectious disease , but not highly contagious
CNN  -- Where there 's wind and water in Marseille , you are likely to find "  Les Mouss . " Three brothers with a passion for windsurfing , and a love for their native south of France . They train together at home , travel the world together for competitions , and they also party together . The siblings still live near each other in a port city known for , among other things , its ProvenÃ § al fish stew bouillabaisse and being the birthplace of soccer superstar Zinedine Zidane . "  At the beginning we were football players , " Cyril Moussilmani says of his younger twin siblings Sylvain and Benoit . "  From the age of 10 I started windsurfing and two years later my brothers followed me . Now we do everything together . We still see each other pretty much every day . " Several members of a family competing in the same professional sport are rare . The Sutters from Canada were one such exception , with six of the older generation playing in the National Hockey League -- which has also featured the four Staal brothers . Baseball 's Molina boys , meanwhile , each won the World Series while the three DiMaggios were all MLB All-Stars . The Moussilmanis are n't quite so high profile , but they are happy in their niche . Their parents separated 25 years ago , but they were able to stay with their mom close to the beach . "  It 's very nice because first of all for training , it 's very important for me and them because we can compare speed , " Cyril , the oldest of the trio at 33 and most accomplished , told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  As well , when the motivation is n't really here for me or them , one goes sailing and you say , ` Oh , I 'm not going to let him go alone for training . ' We help each other a lot . " That also applies to looking for sponsors , and it 's apparent that a bit of banter between the siblings is never too far away . When Sylvain is asked what Cyril would be if not a windsurfer , the 32-year-old replies with a laugh , "  Nothing . " Cyril , a world champion in 2008 in the speed discipline and known in his sport as "  the Flying Frenchman , " can still remember the day windsurfing caught his attention . He was nine and walking in Marseille with his parents when he spotted people sailing , and decided he wanted to give it a try . Not long after , he began to take lessons and his interest has never diminished . "  You get the feeling to glide on the water and this is very special , " he says . "  It 's what I like in the sport . "  Even now sometimes I go sailing and I say , ` It 's not my job . It 's just what I like to do . ' " The only negative , he says , is lugging around all the heavy equipment -- Cyril routinely tests gear in the off-season for the development of his own brand , and owns 15 boards and 20 sails . "  When we travel , three of us , it 's like almost one ton , so it 's really hard , " he says , laughing . Having won the world speed title , Cyril finished third in the slalom rankings in 2010 and fourth last year , and is fifth so far in 2013 -- all the while trying to live up to his slogans of "  do the best " and "  be a machine . " France is a country excelling in slalom , with Antoine Albeau a multiple world champion and holding top spot in the rankings currently . Julien Quentel is ranked second . Sylvain and Benoit have yet to match their brother , lying 20th and 27th in the slalom rankings respectively . "  We have people with talent , people who work and people with talent who work -- and Cyril is a person with talent who works , " says Sylvain . Benoit adds : "  Cyril loves windsurfing , competition . For sure he 's very focused on it compared to me and Sylvain . " Cyril says windsurfing is like a mixture of several different sports -- a combination of the laidback nature of surfing and the formality of sailing . "  It 's tricky because you have the freedom of a wild sport , but on the other side you have the sailing part , " he says . "  It 's mixing between the two so you have the free spirit of ` party ' and enjoying life , and the sailing part is more strict and more square . " Exerting all parts of your body is the norm and like skiing , different disciplines exist . The oldest Moussilmani brother spends three to five hours a day on the water and puts in 10-15 hours a week in the gym . The website of the Professional Windsurfing Association lists rankings in slalom , freestyle and wave but competitors can participate , too , in super x -- combining freestyle and slalom -- and speed . Windsurfing retained its Olympic status after originally being replaced by kiteboarding , although Cyril does n't expect to be in Rio in three years because the board used is different to the one he trains with . He began competing in earnest as a 16-year-old in Australia and has tried his hand in many of the sport 's formats , concentrating on slalom for competition and wave for fun . But despite enjoying his travels , Moussilmani is always happy to be back in Marseille . "  I like to stay home because we have a lot of wind almost all year , " he says . "  Maybe in the summer it 's a little tricky because it 's very warm and a lot of people are on the beach , but during the rest of the season it 's a very clement place to windsurf . "  When we have big storms we have waves , but most of the time it 's choppy , so that 's the only bad point about Marseille . But around Marseille there are two or three spots where you can do waves in proper conditions and you can travel as well . "  I like to go when it 's super-strong wind and just be on the edge . When I do wave I like to show to everybody what we do -- we jump very high and we do loops . I like to be a little bit like a showman . "	Windsurfing is a family affair for Cyril Moussilmani and his younger twin brothers Cyril first wanted to try windsurfing as a nine-year-old in his hometown of Marseille He trains about 10-15 hours in the gym , aside from practicing his skills on the water Frenchman enjoys traveling the world , although lugging around his equipment is tough
London  CNN  -- After five years in crisis the eurozone 's new leader has emerged . With influence reaching from the Arctic Circle to the Mediterranean Sea , the European Central Bank now rules the common currency with unparalleled power . But as the bloc 's new protagonist , the ECB is facing criticisms it has overstepped its remit , and potentially broken the law . It began back in 2007 , following the U.S. sub-prime housing collapse and subsequent banking crisis . As the reverberations spread across the globe , Europe 's central bank took action . Read more : Is the eurozone crisis almost over ? For five days -- beginning August 9 -- the ECB pumped 335 billion euros  $ 431 billion  through the arteries of the European banking system in an effort to revive liquidity in the private sector . It was the first sign of the central bank 's willingness to take exceptional measures in order to protect the single currency . Several expensive national bailouts later , the European Central Bank is still grappling with financial crises . But now , it 's focused on saving the eurozone . Does the latest strategy break the law ? Today , the ECB is relied upon to implement a swathe of controversial and highly unorthodox policies that its President Mario Draghi terms "  non-standard measures . " Such actions include lending to banks at cheap rates , buying-up national debt , negotiating bailouts for financially beleaguered countries and even brokering political support . Read more : Greece : When anger goes beyond despair Its strategies -- and comments from Draghi -- have been critical to driving down the borrowing costs of eurozone countries , and helping offset the crisis . The ECB 's latest crisis-busting solution to buy government debt -- dubbed Outright Monetary Transactions -LSB- OMTs -RSB- -- is drawing criticism from economists who claim it is tantamount to financing governments struggling to control their debt burdens . Roland Vaubel , a professor of economics at Mannheim University , told CNN the eurozone 's central bank is "  violating " its statute and intervening in the sovereign bond market is "  illegal . " But Christopher Pissarides , Nobel economics laureate , supports the most recent action taken by the euro-area 's central bank and believes it is adhering to its mandate by support ailing nations . He told CNN : "  The first point in their mandate is that they should provide the right environment for the euro to establish itself and become the common currency , and I do think that these measures that they are taking are necessary to ensure that . " Read More : Euro crisis opens old wounds for Greece , Germany The potentially unlimited OMT program has created a rift between the ECB and Germany 's central bank president Jens Weidmann , who says the measures pose a risk to euro-area stability . Joerg Kraemer , chief economist at Commerzbank -- Germany 's second largest bank -- agrees that the central bank risks losing credibility . He told CNN : "  As an economist , I would say that bond purchases are against the spirit of the ECB statute . " Kraemer added : "  The ECB should not do the job of de facto financing government expenditures . " This is not the first time the ECB has supported governments in the bond market by buying up debt . On May 10 , 2010 -- eight days after Greece agreed a 110 billion euro -LSB- $ 141 billion -RSB- bailout with European partners and the International Monetary Fund -- the bank announced the Securities Markets Program , a predecessor to the now-operational OMTs . Hero or villain ? The OMT program was launched on September 6 at the bank 's monthly press conference in Frankfurt , following political pleas for action from Italy and Spain . Prime Ministers Mario Monti and Mariano Rajoy had both urged the European Central Bank to buy bonds of eurozone countries to help governments manage unsustainable levels of interest on debt . Draghi has always maintained the ECB 's latest solution is not a tactic to fund the debt-stricken nations of southern Europe . To dispel these fears , he introduced strict conditions . According to the rules any country , including Spain and Italy , that appeals for the OMT program must first request a bailout from the euro-area 's rescue fund -- the European Stability Mechanism . While this was the path taken by previous aid recipients and eurozone minnows Greece , Ireland and Portugal , it is considered politically destructive for economic giants Spain and Italy . Spain : Perils of being ` filthy stinking poor ' But Vaubel says even imposing conditions on eurozone members is a violation of the ECB 's statute . He says that the central bank must retain independence and not accept orders from lawmakers . Vaubel argues that by using the government-funded ESM as a condition of central bank support , the ECB "  accepts orders from finance ministers " which is "  prohibited . " Joerg Rocholl , president of the European School of Management and Technology , told CNN the central bank is taking its mandate to the extreme , even with conditions imposed on countries seeking aid . Rocholl added that the ECB has become a guarantor for the private and public sectors in the eurozone : "  The ECB is more than a lender of last resort , not only to the banks , but also to nation-states , " he said . ECB goes on charm offensive In October , Draghi traveled to Berlin to justify his policy action to German lawmakers . In a two hour grilling by ministers , he sought to convince euroskeptics that an ECB bond-buying program does not pose an inflation risk . Before entering the Bundestag , he also made clear that the OMTs were not "  disguised financing of governments . " When the former Goldman Sachs banker emerged from parliament -- looking calm and collected -- he stated to a handful of journalists that sovereign bond purchases were in compliance with the ECB mandate . The message was backed by German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble . But not everyone who attended the question and answer session with the central bank chief was swayed . Frank Schaeffler , a member of the Free Democrat Party in coalition with German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's Christian Democrats , told CNN he was "  definitely not " convinced by Draghi 's justifications for bond purchases . He said : "  Many Germans have become skeptical towards the antics of the ECB . " However , he added "  there is not much credibility left to be damaged . " European Central Bank executive board member Benoit Coeure has publicly defended the bank 's strategy . In October , he told the Financial Times the ECB will suspend any OMT operations if the countries do not comply with the conditions . He said : "  It 's a condition of the efficiency and credibility of the program . " The threat of this monetary support being removed is potentially dangerous to both the country in question but also to other nations seeking respite , according to Joerg Rocholl . He said : "  It is very hard to imagine how the ECB could withdraw OMT support if a country did n't pursue the reform targets . " Legal challenges ahead for the ECB Despite Draghi 's best efforts to impress policymakers in the Bundestag , Vaubel expects the issue of bond purchases to appear on the agenda of the German constitutional court . In September , the highest court in Europe 's largest economy approved and gave legitimacy to the eurozone 's permanent rescue fund the ESM . According to Vaubel , the OMT program is likely to come before the German constitutional court in December , and he expects the central bank 's latest policy initiative to meet a very different fate . He added "  I foresee that the constitutional court will deem that these OMTs can not be justified by the ECB . "	ECB President Mario Draghi has said the latest crisis solution is not a tactic to fund the debt-stricken The ECB implements controversial and highly unorthodox policies termed "  non-standard measures " The potentially unlimited OMT program has created a rift between the ECB and Germany 's central bank president
A hearing on the finances of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez will be held Thursday in connection with a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the family of the man he is accused of killing , according to court documents . The lawsuit , filed Monday in a Massachusetts state court , claims Hernandez "  maliciously , willfully , wantonly , recklessly or by gross negligence " caused the death of Odin Lloyd . Hernandez , 24 , has pleaded not guilty to a charge of first-degree murder in the June shooting of Lloyd , 27 , a Boston area semipro football player who was dating the sister of Hernandez 's girlfriend . Prosecutors told CNN that Hernandez allegedly planned and carried out the slaying : Lloyd was shot five times with a semi-automatic .45 - caliber handgun . A grand jury investigating allegations of gun trafficking against Hernandez is the same one that handed up the murder charge , a source told CNN in October . The victim 's estate is seeking unspecified "  compensation for the conscious pain and suffering endured by Odin Lloyd . " Hernandez had a NFL contract worth nearly $ 40 million , but it was terminated when he was charged with the slaying and firearm offenses . Lloyd 's family also seeks a court order prohibiting the Patriots from paying Hernandez more than $ 3 million he is apparently owed from his contract . An attorney for Hernandez did not immediately return a message left Wednesday by CNN . The attorney representing Lloyd 's family did not respond to calls for comment . Lloyd 's sister declined comment . Hernandez is named in another civil suit . A witness that sources have described as Hernandez 's "  muscle man " said he was with the ex-Patriot the night of a 2012 Boston double homicide . Police have said that the homicide may be linked to Hernandez , according to a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation . That witness , Alexander Bradley , has filed a civil lawsuit accusing Hernandez of shooting him in the face during an argument after they left a Florida strip club in February . Bradley lost sight in one eye because of the shooting , according to the lawsuit .	Former NFL star Aaron Hernandez has Thursday hearing on finances Wrongful death suit filed by estate of semipro football player Odin Lloyd Hernandez is charged with shooting Lloyd to death in June
CNN  -- Who would open one of the world 's biggest casinos in the depths of a global recession ? Big city dreams : Lawrence Ho 's business portfolio in Hong Kong and Macau is growing . Answer : Lawrence Ho , the scion of a casino business mogul who has clearly inherited his father 's love of a calculated risk . Ho 's father Stanley is a man synonymous with the creation of Macau as the world 's biggest gambling destination . "  Over the past 40 years he has put his thumbprints all over Macau . I think if you look at the major infrastructure projects , whether it 's the airport , the ferry terminals , he was involved in building up a lot of those , " Lawrence Ho told CNN . But in opening City of Dreams in Macau earlier this year , Ho is trying to carve his own niche and continue to build up his own business empire . "  I think gone are the days when you can open a property and ` Bang ! ' you would steal significant market share from others , " he told CNN . "  Before we opened we were , like the rest of the world , a little bit wary of the timing , but I think in hindsight the world economies are doing a lot better and Macau has seen its first year-on-year increase in July and August was a booming month . So I think all in all we could n't be happier . " Ho 's company , Melco-Crown Entertainment , is independent from his father 's huge portfolio of businesses and the multibillion dollar City of Dreams project is a partnership with Australian James Packer , himself the son of a media tycoon . Ho is respectful of his ailing father 's achievements and the advantages that the family name has given him , but also the desire it fostered to forge his own success . "  The bigger the shadow the more we can feel the underdog syndrome . ... being his son opened many doors , but at the same time I grew up in a very big family with our own issues , but all in all certainly being his son has helped a great deal , " he said . There are no worries about interference from the mainland -- "  I suspect that China definitely wants -LSB- Macau and Hong Kong -RSB- to do well " -- and Ho remains positive that Asia will see the quickest recovery from the downturn . "  A lot of the Asian countries and economies have handled the -LSB- economic -RSB- crisis this time a lot better than the Asian financial crisis 10 years ago , " he said . "  So I think , all in all , Asia has managed to come out of this much quicker than the rest of the world . And really when people are feeling better they travel and they spend more , and you know we are in the business of providing leisure and entertainment . "	Son of Stanley Ho , business tycoon who built up former-Portuguese colony of Macau Lawrence Ho recently open multi-billion dollar City of Dreams complex in Macau Believes he can carve a slice of action from the Asian gambling city
CNN  -- The mother of a 4-year-old girl snatched from the front yard of her small-town Missouri home tried to chase after her daughter 's abductor , a neighbor said Tuesday . Alisa Maier was kidnapped Monday evening in Louisiana , Missouri , while she was playing with her brother , police there said . Appearing at a news conference Tuesday morning , grandfather Roy Harrison told reporters , "  I want this baby back . " "  Please , anybody , if you know anything , call this guy back here , " he said , pointing to Louisiana Police Chief Richard Hughes . "  Call the FBI . Call whoever you need to call . " Anita McKlevis , who lives across the street from the family , said Alisa 's mother was "  just beside herself " and tried to pursue the man who abducted the girl . "  She jumped up and went across the street , got into her van and took off , " McKlevis told HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell . " She said the children were regularly supervised by parents or grandparents while playing outside : "  I never seen this little girl without her parents , " McKlevis added . Louisiana is about 80 miles north of St. Louis . Michael Kaste , an agent from the FBI 's St. Louis office , said between 75 and 100 law enforcement officers -- including about 30 FBI agents -- and about 50 volunteers were taking part in the search . Investigators are also questioning known sex offenders about the girl 's abduction , he said . "  We 're going to interview anybody we think could be involved in this , " Kaste said . Alisa was wearing a white T-shirt and denim shorts when she was taken . Hughes said investigators in Louisiana , about 80 miles north of St. Louis , have no indication that her kidnapping was anything other than a random abduction . Police are examining surveillance video from local businesses in hopes of finding some sign of the abductor , a man of indeterminate age who drove off in a dark-colored sedan with front-end damage , Hughes said . The town of about 4,000 is located just across the Mississippi River from Illinois , where state and county authorities are also involved in the search , he said . "  Ultimately , our goal is to bring her back here to her family , " Hughes said . Harrison called her "  a really good girl , always smiling , happy-go-lucky . We really appreciate everybody getting together to try to help us find her . "	Alisa Maier was taken while in her front yard , playing with her brother Grandfather : "  I want this baby back " Neighbor says mom tried to pursue abductor Search area extends into neighboring parts of Illinois
CNN  -- When Michele Maro became captivated by "  The Lord of the Rings " movies , she never imagined she would one day be walking around in the Shire , touring Hobbiton and peeking into hobbit holes . Fans of the "  Lord of the Rings " trilogy can tour a New Zealand farm that was used as the setting for Hobbiton . Those are all fictional places , but fans can visit the closest thing possible in New Zealand , where the trilogy was filmed and where specially designed tours will take visitors to some of the stunning locations featured in the movies . Maro , who lives in St. Petersburg , Florida , spent two weeks in New Zealand in 2003 being guided around forests , national parks and farms , exploring sites that she did n't think were real when she first saw them on the big screen . "  The scenery was so pretty that I thought it had to be computer-generated , " Maro said . But the place that moved her most was a serene sheep farm in Matamata , New Zealand , where filmmakers brought to life author J.R.R. Tolkien 's vision of Hobbiton , the hobbit village where Frodo Baggins lives , complete with hobbit holes peeking out of hill sides . "  I just stood there and cried . It was like , ' I ca n't believe I 'm actually here , ' " Maro said . "  I loved the movie so much , and to actually be there where they filmed that , it overwhelmed me . " See iReporters ' film location photos " Sing along with ` The Sound of Music ' Such passion has prompted tour operators all over the world to take fans to sites that have served as settings for blockbusters on the big and small screens . They can be legendary places recognized on their own or seemingly mundane restaurants , houses and street corners that become instantly recognizable when put in the context of a favorite movie or TV show . In London , England , you can visit locations used in movies such as "  Bridget Jones 's Diary " and "  Four Weddings and a Funeral . " When in Rome , Italy , world-famous landmarks like the Spanish Steps , the Trevi Fountain and the Colosseum will make you feel as if you 've stepped right into "  Roman Holiday " and "  La Dolce Vita . " Tours highlighting sites used during the filming of "  The Sound of Music " have many visitors singing with joy in Salzburg , Austria . "  The buses were packed . It seemed to be very popular , " said Kelly Van Baren , a sales manager who lives in suburban Chicago , Illinois . She and her sister watched the musical over and over while growing up , she recalled , and when they visited Munich , Germany , in the fall of 2007 , they made a special one-hour train trip to Salzburg just to take one of the tours . It turned out to be an adventure in itself . A convoy of three huge buses with scenes from the film painted on their sides shuttled mostly American tourists to various sites , including the church where the main characters were married and a gazebo featured during some of the musical numbers , Van Baren recalled . Her favorite site was a majestic palace used as the von Trapp family home in some of the exterior shots . The movie was played on the bus during the tour , and the sightseers were encouraged to sing along , prompting Van Baren to wonder what the locals must think of the visitors . "  It was just hilarious , these three giant buses full of Americans driving around the countryside . It was n't a proud moment , but it was fun , " Van Baren said . Big Apple lures fans Movie and TV fans who want to stay closer to home to explore famous locations have plenty of movie tours to choose from in the United States . New York , which has served as the backdrop for countless films and television shows , offers a wide variety of sites . Seeing them in person for the first time can be shocking , tour operators say . "  Guests are definitely surprised by the appearance of the locations , " said Pauline Gacanja , public relations and marketing assistant for On Location Tours . "  On TV , things generally look larger and more dramatic than they really are . " The company takes about 100,000 visitors a year to dozens of well-known sites around the city by bus , by water taxi or on foot . Buildings used as homes in "  Friends " and "  The Cosby Show " are among the most popular places , Gacanja said . Visitors can also see locations such as the diner used in "  Men in Black " and the firehouse used in "  Ghostbusters , " according to the company 's Web site . But the most popular tour focuses on sites used in the television and big screen hit "  Sex and the City , " Gacanja said . Fans of "  the Sopranos " also have their own tour . "  Seinfeld " aficionados may opt for Kramer 's Reality Tour , offered by Kenny "  The Real " Kramer , the man said to have inspired Jerry 's colorful friend Cosmo Kramer . Stops include the Soup Shop that inspired the "  Soup Nazi " episode and the real Monk 's Restaurant , used for the exterior shots of the diner where the characters hung out . This may be the only tour that tempts visitors with highlights such as "  Visit the office building where Elaine worked for Pendant Publishing , Kramer had his coffee table book published and George had sex , on his desk , with the cleaning lady . " Plenty of movie tours also thrive outside New York , in cities such as San Francisco , California ; Boston , Massachusetts ; and Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . For Maro , the experience in New Zealand was so unforgettable , she went again a year later for another look at "  The Lord of the Rings " sites . "  My imagination went wild there . It was so fabulous . It was just a great trip , " she said .	Tours take fans to sites that have served as settings for movies and TV shows "  Lord of the Rings " fans flock to New Zealand , where the trilogy was filmed "  The Sound of Music " tours have visitors singing with joy in Salzburg , Austria Popular tours in New York take fans to "  Sex and the City , " "  Sopranos " locations
CNN  -- Just over a week ago , they were two little boys living with their grandparents and the family dog , Nati , in Tampa , Florida . That was then . First , police say Chase and Cole Hakken 's father broke into the home and tied up the boys ' grandmother before whisking the two children away -- one day after he and the boys ' mother officially lost their parental rights . The 2 - and 4-year-old boys ended up sailing to Cuba with their parents , triggering an international manhunt that ended this week . Chase and Cole are now back in Tampa , trying to resume their life with Nati and their grandparents . "  Right now , we 're just looking forward to sitting , getting them in our arms , hugging them and being with them and getting them home where they will be safe again , " the boy 's maternal grandfather , Bob Hauser , said overnight Tuesday , just hours before being reunited with the boys . The boys ' mother and father , meanwhile , could be calling prison home for some time . Josh and Sharyn Hakken spent most of Wednesday in Hillsborough County jail . They 're set to make their first court appearance Thursday morning , on charges of kidnapping , auto theft and child neglect . Josh Hakken faces an additional charge of false imprisonment . Florida abduction : A libertarian washed ashore in the worker 's paradise Given Florida sentencing guidelines , a conviction on the kidnapping charges alone could mean the Hakkens will spend the rest of their life behind bars . Police : Parents talked of ` journey to the Armageddon ' The Hakkens ' ordeal began last June when Josh and Sharyn and the their two sons were staying together in a hotel in Slidell , Louisiana . Responding to a call , police officers found the parents "  acting in a bizarre manner , " Slidell police said in a statement . Inside the room were their two boys , as well as narcotics and weapons . "  They were talking about ` completing their ultimate journey ' and were traveling across the country to ` take a journey to the Armageddon ' , " police said about Josh and Sharyn Hakken . Louisiana authorities took Chase and Cole from their parents following that incident . About two weeks later , their father showed up at a foster family home "  with a firearm demanding the return of his children , " Slidell police said . Josh Hakken fled after the foster parents called 911 . Over the subsequent months , Josh and Sharyn Hakken "  did not participate in the system , " Hillsborough County , Florida , Sheriff David Gee said late Tuesday , without offering much detail . "  As a result of that , the authorities in Louisiana gave custody to the grandparents , " the sheriff added . That transfer became official April 2 , when a Louisiana judge terminated Josh and Sharyn Hakken 's parental rights . The next day , at 6:30 a.m. , Patricia Hauser told police that Josh Hakken saw his boys once again -- when he entered her Florida home , tied her up , then sped away with Chase , Cole and the family dog in a silver 2009 Toyota Camry . They met up with Sharyn Hakken , who was waiting in a pickup truck , sheriff 's investigators said . They drove to a parking garage , and eventually ended up on a 25-foot sailboat named Salty . Josh Hakken had purchased that boat from a person , who later tipped off authorities after word got out about the brothers ' abduction . That 's the boat they took south -- leaving their Florida port just ahead of a storm that challenged authorities looking for them . "  A small boat in a big ocean , it 's really tough , " Gee said . It was at the Hemingway Marina , on Tuesday , that CNN found the family -- hunkered inside the boat , under the watch of Cuban security forces . That morning , U.S. officials in Havana told CNN that they were afraid Cole and Chase could be in danger from their parents . Armed Cuban security agents , meanwhile , watched over the Hakkens most of the day -- until the family was led away , peacefully , that afternoon . Boys ' ` fine , happy and sleepy ' on return to U.S. Cuba and the United States are divided by far more than the Straits of Florida . But this week , on this case , U.S. officials repeatedly expressed their appreciation for the Cuban government 's "  extensive cooperation . " The Cuban foreign ministry said the Hakkens ' boat pulled into a marina just west of Havana in bad weather on Sunday . "  From the first moment , " the two governments began exchanging information . To that point , FBI spokesman Dave Couvertier said the U.S. State Department learned about the Hakken family 's whereabouts from Cuban authorities . That all led to the return of Hakkens , and the family dog , to the United States . But this time , they flew -- and were accompanied by Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office detectives , as well as U.S. federal and state law enforcement authorities . U.S. diplomatic officials waited with the family at Havana 's airport until a plane carrying American law enforcement officials arrived to bring them all back to Florida . Checked out by a medic , Chase and Cole were "  fine , happy and sleepy " as they boarded the plane , the sheriff 's office said . The aircraft touched down around 1:30 a.m. Wednesday at Tampa International Airport . Some time later , the boys and dog were reunited with the grandparents . Their parents , no longer on the lam , are being held away from the general population of the Florida jail . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann , Kim Segal and John Zarrella contributed to this report .	NEW : Sheriff says parents "  did not participate " as courts weighed child custody NEW : The person who sold a 25-boat to Josh Hakken later tipped off authorities The Hakkens are accused of abducting their sons , sailing with them to Cuba The two boys are back with the boys ' maternal grandparents
CNN  Catfish come in all varieties , shapes and sizes , some big and some small . And one downright gigantic , apparently now swimming in a river in Italy . That 's the fish story being told by Dino Ferrari , who reeled in a 280-pound  127-kilogram  , 8.75-foot-long catfish last Thursday along the Po River , said Davide Valla , who is with Ferrari 's sponsor company Sportex .  The sponsored fisherman would n't say exactly where he caught the big fellow , choosing to keep his favorite spots secret . Assuming the world is n't being hooked , this would not be the first time someone has caught a whopper of a catfish and lived to tell the tale . In fact , it would n't be the biggest catfish ever caught . That would be a nearly 342-pound lau-lau  or piraiba  type of catfish snared in 2009 in Brazil 's Amazon region , according to the International Game Fish Association . Heck , it 's not even the biggest catfish ever snared in Italy . That honor goes to a 298-pound wels catfish -- which is reportedly the same variety caught by Ferrari -- also from the Po River . And Ferrari did n't necessarily bring his fish in alone , with stories linked from Sportex 's Facebook page indicating that twin brother Dario was by his side . One thing that makes the latest Po River catch unique is that it was done with a spinning reel , said Valla , who called it a record for such fishing tackle . It took Ferrari 40 minutes to bring in the fish , then bring it to shore , his sponsor said . Once it was on land , the Ferraris snapped some photos and weighed their catch . But they did n't dig in , savoring it with fresh bread , cheese and a glass of pinot grigio . That 's because this fish story has a happy ending for the star of the show : the catfish . According to Valla , Ferrari released his big catch back into the river . Teen hooks massive blue marlin off Hawaii coast	Dino Ferrari snaps photos of a 280-pound catfish he says he caught in Italy It took him 40 minutes to reel in the fish , according to his sponsor
CNN  -- Americo Lopes , a New Jersey construction worker who scored a Mega Millions lottery jackpot in 2009 , tried to cheat his fellow workers out of their share of the pool by claiming the ticket as exclusively his own , a jury has ruled . Five other construction workers based in Elizabeth , New Jersey , will share the jackpot after a state court ruled unanimously that Lopes had fraudulently claimed the entire bounty . The $ 38.5 million ticket amounted to $ 24 million after Lopes chose the cash option . The plaintiffs were identified as Candido Silva Jr. , Carlos Fernandes , Daniel Esteves , Candido Silva Sr. and Jose Sousa , according to court spokeswoman Sandra Thaler-Gerber . They are expected to be awarded about $ 2 million each , after taxes and attorneys ' fees , she said . "  They feel vindicated , " said attorney Rubin M. Sinins , who said the group of workers had chipped in on the pool since 2007 . New Jersey 's The Star-Ledger newspaper reported that Lopes responded to the ruling by saying "  They robbed me . " His wife , Margarida , added that "  justice was not served today , " the newspaper reported . After scoring the winning ticket , Lopes apparently told his boss at Berto Construction Inc. that he needed extended time off because of foot surgery , according to testimony .	Five other construction workers based in Elizabeth , New Jersey , will share the jackpot A court rules that Lopes had fraudulently claimed the entire bounty The $ 38.5 million ticket amounted to $ 24 million after Lopes chose the cash option They are expected to be awarded about $ 2 million each , after taxes and attorneys ' fees
Gleneagles , Scotland  CNN  -- European momentum endures at the Ryder Cup , despite a brief reality check . Two years on from the "  Miracle of Medinah " , those in blue responded to an early blow from its American opponent to end a breathless day in prime position . As the sun dipped below the Ochil Hills in Scotland , Europe carved out a 5-3 advantage , roaring back in an afternoon session that spoke of the continent 's deep reserves . That the pairing of world No. 1 Rory McIlroy and No. 3 Sergio Garcia scrambled desperately to grab a tie in their afternoon match , having lost in the morning , underlines the point . New heroes were born -- rookies Victor Dubuisson and Jamie Donaldson among them -- as familiar fault lines in American ranks were exposed once more . It was actually the first pairs session victory Europe had enjoyed since 2010 , and the best foursomes win in their history , after the U.S. had secured a morning lead of 2 1/2 - 1 1/2 . No wonder European captain Paul McGinley ended the day displaying that trademark grin of his . "  Today shows how important momentum switches are and how it can have a domino effect . For our guys to respond as well as they did shows a real strength of character , " McGinley told reporters . "  For me it 's not about two points dropped if  McIlroy and Garcia  lost , but they went out this afternoon and rectified this morning -- it was probably as good as a win from where they were . "  It 's not a perfect science , but two out of three rookies  winning  is n't bad . The afternoon rookies had great partners in Lee Westwood and Graeme McDowell -- there are n't better guys on your shoulders in a Ryder Cup . "  It 's a great day but let 's take stock -- we have a big day tomorrow . " Europe fly in foursomes Not a single slice of red could be seen at the conclusion of the afternoon matches , which will no doubt cause McGinley 's counterpart Tom Watson a bout of introspection . In the morning , the rookie pairing of Jordan Spieth and Patrick Reed had shot down Ian Poulter , nicknamed Europe 's postman because he always delivers . Yet after comfortably disposing of Poulter and Scotland 's Stephen Gallacher the American pair were rested for the foursomes contests -- Watson later conceded the error of judgment . Meanwhile Phil Mickelson and Keegan Bradley showed signs of fatigue as they surrendered their 100 % record as a pairing to Graeme McDowell and European rookie Victor Dubuission -- they had earlier dispatched Europe 's gun pairing of McIlroy and Garcia . The one afternoon match that had seemed a U.S. banker was the one that pitted rookie Jimmy Walker and world No. 10 Rickie Fowler against that gun pairing . Two up with three to play , and with the European pair hell bent on redemption , the American 's conservatism when trying to close out the match opened the door . McIlroy birdied 17 before an arrowing second into the 18th from Garcia put pressure on Walker to hole a final putt to win the match . He could n't , and their opponents could breathe a sigh of relief . "  We owed each other a lot , " Garcia told reporters . "  We knew we were n't playing great but fought as hard as we could and half a point is huge . " Fulsome support The day had begun in darkness , spectators dashing through the gates at 6am , desperate to secure a seat in the grandstand around the first tee . By quarter past there was n't a spare seat to be had , by half past the 2,500 strong gallery were in full voice and by the time the captains arrived on the tee , excitement was palpable . Former U.S. Open champion Justin Rose and Sweden 's Henrik Stenson lapped up the acclaim as they made the long walk from the range to the tee , through a tunnel bedecked with images of Ryder Cup legends gone by . The honor of hitting the first ball of the 40th instalment of the Ryder Cup fell to another ex-U.S. Open champion , Webb Simpson , who mishit his shot , before Bubba Watson again encouraged ear-splitting noise from the crowd as he crunched a drive into the rough . The European pairing were less wayward but after a halved first hole they grabbed the initiative on the second hole and did n't let go . Stenson , the 2013 FedEx Cup winner , proved the difference on the second hole , Rose the difference on the fourth -- a rapier-like approach yielding another birdie . Two more birdies , on nine and 10 , took the match out of Watson and Simpson 's reach , the first point of Scotland 's Ryder Cup secured with another birdie on the 14th . American fightback It did n't take long for the U.S. to respond . Poulter 's "  postman " tag preceded him on the tee . But the rookie pairing of Jordan Spieth and Patrick Reed paid no heed to the Englishman 's reputation . Despite earning the loudest cheers thanks to the presence of Scotland 's own Stephen Gallacher , Poulter and partner fell behind on the first and failed to rally . A stretch of five birdies in six holes chipped away ever so slightly at Poulter 's mantle , Gallacher perhaps overcome by nerves on his own Ryder cup debut . A victory , secured by the same 5 & 4 margin Rose and Stenson had managed , answered that early European pressure . Behind them McIlroy and Garcia were locked in a ding-dong battle with Phil Mickelson and Keegan Bradley , who put their unbeaten Ryder Cup record on the line . Having lobbied McGinley for months to play together , McIlroy and Garcia prised out a one-hole lead after the Spaniard chipped in on four . But by the 10th , Mickelson and Bradley had established a two-hole lead , erased by European birdies on 11 and 13 . Another McIlroy birdie on 15 titled the balance towards the blue half but Bradley 's brilliant eagle on 16 ensured they would go up the last all flat . None of the four played it spectacularly , but it all came down to the match 's final blow , which Mickelson duly dispatched to maintain that winning streak for a few hours at least . Read more : Big Phil draws first blood against McIlroy For a long while it looked like Europe would also be able to boast two points after the morning session as U.S. Open champion Martin Kaymer , from Germany , and Denmark 's Thomas Bjorn raced into a three-hole lead . But Rickie Fowler and his partner Jimmy Walker hung in , and despite going two down on the 13th , the latter -- a rookie -- showed firm resolve to sink a birdie putt on the last and secured a vital half . Two of the afternoon 's foursomes matches , where players take alternate shots , were on the course before McIlroy and Garcia had finished their morning round . First out were a group that had all missed the morning session , England 's Lee Westwood -- playing in his eighth Ryder Cup -- alongside rookie Jamie Donaldson , Matt Kuchar joining Jim Furyk . The U.S. were ahead after the third , but fell two behind on the 11th as Donaldson warmed to his task . The deficit was reduced on 16 , but after Kuchar fluffed a chip on the last , Europe secured a two up victory . Behind them Rose and Stenson picked up where they left off in the morning , going two up after six holes on Zach Johnson and Hunter Mahan , both fresh after a morning rest . Despite twice being pegged back to all square , Rose was equal to the test , his putting stroke proving the difference on 15 and 17 as a 2 & 1 victory made it a two-point day for the pair . The last match out saw another test of Mickleson and Bradley 's 100 % record , with French rookie Dubuisson and McDowell accepting the challenge . McDowell , playing for the first time in the competition without fellow Northern Irishman McIlroy by his side , played big brother to the 24-year-old as they charged into a three-hole lead . Despite having their lead dented twice , once on the front nine and once on the back , they scampered to the finish line to secure a 3 & 2 win and a near-perfect European afternoon . McDowell , himself a U.S. Open champion , ended the day by saying of his partner : "  This guy is going to be the next superstar of European golf , I 'm telling you . " As the sun set on an absorbing first day , the pairings for Saturday 's morning fourballs were announced . Justin Rose and Henrik Stenson will be off first again , playing Bubba Watson and Matt Kuchar . Lee Westwood and Jamie Donaldson are out second playing Jim Furyk and Hunter Mahan . Martin Kaymer and Thomas Bjorn square off against Jordan Spieth and Patrick Reed while Ian Poulter and Rory McIlroy go off last against Jimmy Walker and Rickie Fowler . Read more : McIlroy 's joy - Selfies rule OK Read more : Flag-waving wives treated like stars	Europe lead the U.S. by two after the opening day fourballs and foursomes Team USA win morning fourballs before Europe storm back with 3 1/2 points in afternoon Pairing of Justin Rose and Henrik Stenson seal maximum two points Mickelson and Bradley suffer first defeat as pair lose 3 & 2 to Dubuisson and McDowell
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A woman who helped raise a child with her female partner in Vermont before the pair split can visit the girl in Virginia even though that state does n't recognize same-sex unions , a court ruled Friday . Janet Jenkins with Isabella , the daughter she helped raise with former partner Lisa Miller . Virginia 's Supreme Court ruled that Janet Jenkins and Lisa Miller 's civil union in 2000 gave Vermont , and its law on same-sex unions , jurisdiction over their subsequent custody and visitation disputes . Miller moved to Virginia with the child in 2003 , and a Vermont court granted Jenkins visitation rights . But Miller took the case to a Virginia court , which ruled that Jenkins had no such rights there . The case was considered by legal experts to be the first conflict between two state courts over a major legal question arising from same-sex unions . Jenkins ' attorney , Joseph Price of the Washington law firm Arent Fox , said Friday 's ruling "  just affirms the old principle that when these kinds of custody and visitation disputes begin in one state , that 's where they should remain . " "  You ca n't shop them around to another state , " Price said . "  Virginia really had no choice but to enforce judgments and judicial orders from Vermont . " Vermont is one of the few states that allow same-sex partners to enter into a civil union . Two years after Vermont recognized Miller and Jenkins ' relationship , Miller gave birth to a daughter , Isabella , conceived through artificial insemination . The relationship deteriorated , and Miller and the baby moved to Virginia . A Vermont court later granted Miller a dissolution of the civil union and granted custody of the child to her and visitation rights to Jenkins . Miller then asked the courts in Virginia -- which does not recognize same-sex unions or marriages -- to take jurisdiction of the dispute . A Virginia state judge eventually ruled that Jenkins had no "  parentage or visitation rights . " The Virginia high court ruling Friday returned the case to Vermont 's control , meaning Jenkins can visit the girl , who is now 6 . Miller 's attorney , Mathew Staver , said he was "  disappointed the state sidestepped the larger legal questions . " "  This case shows that one state is not an island in the same-sex marriage dispute , and underscores having state laws that protect traditional one-man , one-woman marriages , " said Staver , chairman of Liberty Counsel , a law firm that fights on behalf of what it calls "  traditional families . " Miller said in 2005 that she was doing what was best for her daughter and was no longer a lesbian . "  I am Isabella 's mom . I did conceive her ; I birthed her , " she said . "  I 'm raising her . And in my opinion , Isabella needs to stay with me 100 percent of the time , because I am the only person that she identifies as a mom . " Miller lives with Isabella in Winchester , Virginia . Jenkins did not offer an immediate reaction to the ruling but said in 2005 that she was only fighting for her rights as a parent . "  Justice will be served for Isabella , " she said . "  I believe that . And I 'll do whatever it takes . I 'll be with her for as long as I can , or I 'll be without her for as long as I have to , but I 'm her mom . "  She 's born here -LSB- in Vermont -RSB- . She 's always here . " Price said Jenkins , who lives in Fair Haven , Vermont , was supposed to visit Isabella last weekend , but Miller did n't appear with the girl . Friday 's ruling comes a week after the California Supreme Court 's refusal to delay its recent decision legalizing same-sex marriage in the state . Massachusetts also allows same-sex marriages ; Vermont and three other states permit civil unions , and 12 other states give gay and lesbian couples some legal rights . Virginia amended its constitution in 2007 to decree that marriage is defined as a union between one man and one woman .	Virginia ruling gives Vermont court jurisdiction over case Janet Jenkins and Lisa Miller were in civil union in Vermont but later split Miller moved to Virginia with child ; Vermont court allowed Jenkins visitation Miller got Virginia court to block visitation ; Friday 's ruling overturns that
CNN  -- Basketball fans love L.A. , if this year 's NBA All-Star ballot results are any indication . Fans picked four Los Angeles players to start on the five-man Western Conference All-Star team , league officials announced Thursday night . Chris Paul and Blake Griffin of the L.A. Clippers and Kobe Bryant and Andrew Bynum of the L.A. Lakers made the Western Conference starting team . The Oklahoma City Thunder 's Kevin Durant will join them . Bryant was the most popular Western Conference players , with more than 1.5 million fan votes . The Eastern Conference All-Star team had a South Beach feel to it , with Miami Heat players LeBron James and Dwyane Wade on the starting squad . Derrick Rose of the Chicago Bulls , Carmelo Anthony of the New York Knicks and Dwight Howard of the Orlando Magic will join them . Howard was the most popular player overall , with more than 1.6 million fan votes . The teams will play in the 2012 NBA All-Star Game on February 26 at the Amway Center in Orlando . The NBA will announce reserve team members on February 9 .	Fans select 2 Lakers , 2 Clippers as starters Kobe Bryant gets the most votes for the Western Conference Dwight Howard gets the most votes of all players The 2012 NBA All-Star Game is February 26 in Orlando
CNN  -- Southwest Airlines is taking its rewards program from what one industry expert calls "  anemic " to competitive with the unveiling of an improved Rapid Rewards program . "  This is very big , " Tim Winship , editor-at-large for SmarterTravel.com said of the changes , which are aimed at making it easier for members to earn and redeem points . "  This move by Southwest is going to prompt a lot of internal discussion at the major airlines about what it means to them , what their competitive response should be and then so on , " Winship said . One of the key changes in Rapid Rewards is that members can now redeem points on every seat , every day and on every flight with no blackout dates or seat restrictions . As long as members fly or use a partner once every two years , their points will never expire . The changes , which will officially launch on March 1 , will improve on Southwest 's current rewards program , according to a press release on Southwest 's website . "  We took our award-winning program and made it even better by giving our members more flexibility and control over how and when they earn and redeem their points , " Gary Kelly , Southwest 's chairman , president and CEO , said in the press release . "  We know our Customers are going to appreciate the fact that their points do n't expire and every seat on every flight is a reward seat . " Work began on improving Southwest 's frequent-flier program several years ago , and Ryan Green , senior director of customer loyalty and partnerships for Southwest , called it the "  single biggest new product launch in our company 's history , " in a blog post he wrote on the airline 's website . "  We conducted months of customer surveys , focus groups , and research to find out what travelers like about our current program , what they do n't like , and what they 'd like to see changed , " Green wrote . Rapid Rewards members earn points based on the price of the flight and the type of fare purchased . For example , a one-way Anytime flight from San Francisco , California , to Denver , Colorado , would cost $ 257 and leave the passenger with 2,570 points , according to the point simulator on Southwest 's website . Flying Business Select on that same flight would give the member 3,324 points and flying Wan na Get Away would garner 948 points . Buying a roundtrip ticket doubles those points . To figure out when you 'll be able to redeem a free flight , take your total amount of points and divide by 120 , 100 or 60 , depending on which fare type you plan to purchase . Earn or use points at least once every 24 months , and you 'll keep your points forever ; a perk that Winship said is a huge improvement from Southwest 's current system , which erases any points not used within two years . "  You had to earn 16 credits in 24 months , or else there was really no point of participating in the program at all , " he said . "  The credits would be falling off the back end as you 're earning them on the front end . " By changing the way rewards are calculated -- by revenue rather than miles -- Southwest is going in a direction that other airlines will be hard-pressed to follow . Airlines ' frequent-flier programs are enormous , and tie in with other processes and services that the airlines offer , Winship said . They 'd have to redo reservations software and websites and retrain employees to go to a different system . "  It 's an enormous top-to-bottom undertaking , " Winship said . "  I just do n't think that 's in the cards for other airlines right now . "	Southwest has unveiled an improved Rapid Rewards program Members can now redeem points on every seat , every day and on every flight Earn or use points at least once every 24 months , and you 'll keep your points forever Southwest 's rewards program is now more competitive with those of the legacy carriers
CNN  -- The space shuttle Discovery is on pace for a Sunday launch after NASA engineers repaired a leaky gas venting system , officials said Saturday . Space shuttle Discovery readies for launch , which now appears on pace for Sunday . The leak had canceled a planned launch on Wednesday . NASA hopes the seven-member crew can take off around 7:40 p.m. Sunday on a mission to the international space station , where they will deliver supplies needed to expand the station 's crew to six people . "  The vehicle is looking real good ... , " lead shuttle flight director Mike Moses said . "  Basically , I think I can sum this up by just saying we 're good to go tomorrow and we 're looking forward to getting the count going . " A leak in a hydrogen gas vent line forced Wednesday 's delay . Repairs went smoothly , Moses said . The line funnels flammable hydrogen away from the launch pad during takeoff . The shuttle crew will be delivering the final parts needed for an expanded solar energy power system that will allow the station to double its crew to six people . The crew also will be dropping off Japanese astronaut Koichi Wakata , who will replace NASA 's Sandy Magnus on the space station . The shuttle also will carry a replacement for a failed unit in a system that converts urine to drinkable water , NASA said . Watch an explanation of why Wednesday 's launch was scrubbed " Kathy Winters , the mission 's chief weather officer , said Sunday appears to offer only a 20 percent chance of weather that would scrub the launch . The crew , led by commander Lee Archambault , is expected to board Discovery at Kennedy Space Center at Cape Canaveral , Florida , at about 4:30 p.m. Sunday . Officials said the crew has been training and resting for the mission since Wednesday . Earlier this week , Magnus , station commander Michael Fincke and Russian engineer Yury Lonchakov had to take shelter in their Soyuz spacecraft -- a lifeboat of sorts -- when a piece of debris from an earlier mission hurtled uncomfortably close to the station . The debris , moving about 20,000 mph , came within three miles of the station but caused no damage . Wednesday 's launch postponement was the latest in a series of delays for Discovery as it tries to make the 28th shuttle mission to the space station . The launch had been delayed previously to allow time to check a "  flow-control valve in the shuttle 's main engines , " NASA said last week . That resulted from damage being found in a valve on the shuttle Endeavour during its November 2008 flight . Three valves were cleared and installed on Discovery , it said . CNN 's Kim Segal and John Zarella contributed to this report .	NEW : Repairs to leaky hydrogen gas vent line went well , NASA says NASA hopes launch , scrubbed this week , will happen Sunday evening Shuttle launch postponed Wednesday because of leak in a venting system Shuttle to deliver supplies to the International Space Station
CNN  -- Creating a viral ad is n't as easy as grilling spicy chicken , but restaurant chain Nando 's seems to have found the recipe for success . The South African group , which has hundreds of branches in some 30 countries , hit the headlines again in late November with an advert portraying Zimbabwe 's notorious president Robert Mugabe cavorting with five fellow dictators . The "  Last Standing Dictator " ad uses look-alike actors to show Mugabe reminiscing merrier times with former iron-fist rulers that are now deceased , including Libya 's Moammar Gadhafi , Iraq 's Saddam Hussein and Uganda 's Idi Amin . To the nostalgic sounds of "  Those Were the Days " by Mary Hopkin , Mugabe remembers enjoying a water-fight with Gadhafi -- in which the Libyan former leader holds a trademark golden machine gun -- as well as re-enacting with Amin the famous romantic scene of Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio 's from "  Titanic " on the back of an army vehicle . The amusing advert captured the imagination of millions , says Quinton Cronje , managing director of Nando 's . "  It was bigger than we ever anticipated , " he says . "  The whole thing of dictators over the year of 2011 was a global concept so it went really big -- bigger than any other ad in Africa has ever done virally . " The advert might got a huge reaction but the response in Zimbabwe was n't so funny -- the restaurant chain had to pull the ad after staff in the country were threatened by Mugabe loyalists . Zimbabwe open for business , says finance minister Nando 's , famous for its piri-piri chicken , has a long history of testing boundaries with its advertising campaigns , which are often inspired by recent news events . Its radical approach has become integral to the development of the brand , says Cronje . "  Chicken is a commodity and we sex chicken up by talking about the brand intrinsics and we have always been about having an advertising strategy that is cutting edge . We like to say what people are generally thinking , " says Cronje . "  We like to pick things that are -- people use the word controversy -- I do n't say controversy , I 'd say things that generate healthy debate , " he adds . Other adverts by the brand that created a stir include its campaign for the South Africa-held football World Cup in 2010 -- the company 's entire promotional activity for the landmark event dealt in a humorous way with misconceptions that foreigners might have of South Africa , such as overseas visitors believing that "  all South African men have more than one wife " or that "  all African women walk around bare-breasted all the time . " Bin Laden bread a hit for Malawi bakers "  We were having an influx of foreigners visiting South Africa and we needed comment on it and we did it in a way that demonstrates the ignorance and the misconceptions that people have about our country , " says Ahmed Tilly , executive creative director at Nando 's advertising agency . "  It touched South Africans because they 've traveled and they 've been asked the question , ` do you have electricity in Africa , are there animals roaming the streets in Africa . ' And we took that insight and basically made a campaign that was relevant to the World Cup , " adds Tilly . Ivory Coast seeks chocolate fairness for farmers While the brand has not shied away from dealing with heated issues such as race and gender stereotypes in its campaigns , Tilly says that there are still some subjects that the company will not go anywhere near in its adverts . "  We try to stay away from religion as far as possible , only because it is so sensitive and it is not a defendable topic , " he says . Religion may be out of bounds for Nando 's but the recent death of North Korea 's leader Kim Jong Il sparked an immediate branding opportunity for the company . "  When we heard that Kim in North Korea had died we generated a viral commercial that we got up in less than one hour and it was really to say , ` North Korea , it was n't us . We are in to eradicating hunger rather than eradicating dictators , ' " says Cronje . This was n't the first time the chain was quick enough to react in order to benefit from a major news event . And from the looks of it , it wo n't be the last . Tilly says that pushing boundaries is becoming more and more important in today 's highly-competitive advertising environment . "  I think all brands need to go there otherwise they are getting lost , " he says .	Restaurant chain Nando 's is famous for testing boundaries with its advertising Its campaigns deal with politics , race and gender stereotypes in an amusing way ` Last Standing Dictator ' ad was taken off air after staff in Zimbabwe received threats
CNN  -- It turns out sunscreen does more than protect you from cancer and painful sunburns -- it offers a boost to simple vanity . A new study finds that regular sunscreen use protects against photoaging : the wrinkling , spotting and loss of elasticity caused by exposure to the sun 's ultraviolet radiation . While they may not be shocking , the findings -- from Australian researchers -- are the first to quantify sunscreen 's anti-aging properties . More than 900 participants were followed for four years . Some were told to use sunscreen daily and instructed in proper use , including re-applying sunscreen after being outside for a few hours , after going in the water or after sweating heavily . Other participants were given no directions with regard to using sunscreen -- it was considered unethical to ask them to not use it . Skin changes were measured through a technique called microtopography , in which researchers made sensitive silicone impressions of the back of each participant 's hand . Chronic sun exposure damages trucker 's skin through glass "  Skin surface patterns reflect the severity of the sun 's damage to the deeper skin , especially to the elastic fibers and collagen , " says Dr. Adele Green , the study 's lead author . Damage was measured on a scale from 1 to 6 , with 1 signifying no damage and 6 meaning skin with severe aging . Participants were given a score at the start of a four-year period and another score at the end ; those who used sunscreen daily were 24 % less likely to show increased signs of aging , researchers found . "  We now have the scientific evidence to back the long-held assumption about the cosmetic value of sunscreen , " says Green . "  Regular sunscreen use by young and mid-aged adults under 55 brings cosmetic benefits and also decreases the risk of skin cancer . " The sun does damage with different types of radiation , according to Dr. Lawrence Gibson , a professor of dermatology at the Mayo Clinic . UV-B radiation is the primary cause of most skin cancers and is also the main cause of sunburns . Photoaging is mostly caused by UV-A radiation , which robs the skin of its natural ability to hold its shape and also causes freckles and so-called liver spots . "  Your skin tries to protect itself , and makes all this splotchy pigment , " says Gibson . "  It 's the body 's response trying to protect itself from that bombardment . " What to look for when buying sunscreen The new report , published in the Annals of Internal Medicine , is part of a research project that has stretched for more than two decades , led by Green and colleagues at the Queensland Institute of Medical Research . The measurements were taken between 1992 and 1996 , and patients used older types of sunscreens . In theory , says Gibson , modern sunscreens should be even more effective . "  Back in the '90s , we did n't have many good UV-A sunscreens , " he says . "  Now , we have broad-spectrum sunscreens that block both UV-A and UV-B rays , although none of them block all the UV-A . " Video : The best sunscreens are n't necessarily the most expensive While sunscreens have improved , Gibson cautions that they are no replacement for limiting total exposure , and avoiding intense sun during the middle part of the day . He also notes that photoaging is not part of the natural aging process -- it 's avoidable . "  If you see a 90-year-old person , and look at a part of their body that has not been exposed to the sun , you do n't see any photoaging , " he says . Anyone who spends time outdoors during daylight hours should use sunscreen , even if they have darker skin pigment and tan easily , the Mayo Clinic advises . Children are especially susceptible to the sun 's harmful effects . Babies under the age of 6 months should be kept out of direct sunlight because their skin is so fragile . A word about SPF : It 's not an indication of how much time you should spend in the sun . An SPF of 30 does not mean you can stay out twice as long as an SPF of 15 , the clinic says . An SPF of 15 filters out about 93 % of UV-B rays , compared to 97 % for SPF 30 . Last year , the Environmental Working Group said it had found 25 % of 800 tested sunscreens were effective without containing harmful ingredients . To make the watchdog group 's safe list , sunscreens had to be free of oxybenzone , retinyl palmitate  a type of vitamin A  , not have an SPF above 50 and protect against UV-A and UV-B rays .	Photoaging is skin wrinkling , spotting and loss of elasticity caused by sun damage Regular sunscreen use protects against photoaging , researchers find It 's the first study to quantify sunscreen 's anti-aging properties
CNN  -- The Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence filed a federal lawsuit Thursday against Nelson , Georgia , a small town north of Atlanta . Officials in Nelson passed an ordinance in April requiring every head of household to have a gun and ammunition . Nelson 's five-member town council unanimously approved the law , which says violators could be fined up to $ 1,000 . The Brady Center , the legal branch of a long-running Washington-based organization of gun control advocates , says that Nelson 's new law in unconstitutional . The ordinance exempts people who "  suffer from a physical or mental disability , " felons , "  paupers " or people who "  conscientiously oppose maintaining firearms as a result of beliefs or religious doctrine . " The suit says the law violates the First Amendment to the Constitution because requiring people to purchase a firearm when they do n't want to own one violates their freedom of speech and their "  freedom to act or not to act . " The law violates the 14th Amendment because it creates two classes of individuals : heads of households and non-heads of households , the suit says . The suit also says the law violates the Second Amendment , because that amendment does not require , or permit the government to require , owning a firearm . And there are residents of Nelson who have suffered economically because of the law , the suit says . It says longtime resident Harold Lamar Kellett was "  forced " to purchase a handgun and ammunition , which cost him nearly $ 700 -- a financial burden he should not have to bear . The ordinance "  has stripped Mr. Kellett of his right to determine how best to protect his home and compelled him to take action and communicate with the public in a manner he would not otherwise have done , " according to the suit . Nelson 's law was modeled on a similar law in nearby Kennesaw , Georgia , a measure that has been on the books since 1982 . Nelson is home to about 1,300 people .	Small town of Nelson , Georgia , passed a law in April requiring residents own guns The Brady Center says the law violates the U.S. Constitution Suit : Nelson resident says he suffered economically by being forced to purchase a gun
CNN  -- Argentina is a huge , diverse country . Large cities and breathtaking vistas are just some of your travel options there . Every journey has to start somewhere , and many people choose to begin in the capital city , Buenos Aires . Not every adventure is about climbing mountains or rafting rivers . Sometimes , the thrill you seek comes from culture and urban exploration . CNN 's Jose Manuel Rodriguez recently visited Buenos Aires while on assignment for Café CNN , and carved out time to share some travel suggestions . Explore history , culture Buenos Aires is defined by intensity , beauty , glamour , architecture , tango and an unexpected nightlife . Not to mention , good steak . But the flavors of Argentina are not just steak and Malbec wine . International cuisine is everywhere in Buenos Aires . The great French restaurant Petanque , located at 596 Defensa , is a cozy place where you can sample local foie gras and wine from Salta in the foothills of the Andes . Beyond the cuisine , there are many points of interest not to be missed during a visit to Buenos Aires . The neighborhood of San Telmo has witnessed many of the city 's transformational events . During the mid-19th century , it was home to the wealthiest of Buenos Aires . By the end of that century , the area was affected by an epidemic of yellow fever and many of its residents migrated to the north . Restoration of part of this architecturally rich neighborhood began in the 1970s , leading to a wave of artists , bohemians and antique shops . Today it is the most significant root of South America 's antique markets and features 500 shops that offer all sorts of vintage collections . On Sundays from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. , a flea market fills the Plaza Dorrego as eager tourists and collectors search varied and eccentric antiques . The ` Soho ' of Buenos Aires The area of "  Palermo Soho " arose from a real estate boom in the area that brought fashion designers , artists , galleries and restaurants to the traditional neighborhood of Palermo . These new arrivals refurbished old houses , making the area a fashionable destination filled with art and good food . It 's called Soho colloquially , evoking the legendary Soho areas in New York and London . The area is surrounded by boutiques , exclusive salons , gourmet tearooms and restaurants that serve fusion food . The restaurant Casa Cruz is one of the best around . Elegant , understated and modern , it 's one of the most expensive and luxurious in Buenos Aires . The ambiance is its best asset , although the art and sophisticated cuisine are not far behind . The top-flight menu makes it a favorite of celebrities . Casa Cruz is located at Uriarte 1658 , and in that same area there are excellent places for afternoon tea with an English flair . Pierina Tea House , at Gurruchaga 1875 , blends elegance , good taste and tradition . Just past Juan B. Justo street begins "  Palermo Hollywood , " a nickname inspired by the producers and TV channels that settled in the area . The residential area has gained plenty of nightlife , and there are many "  grills " where you can eat delicious Argentine beef . Romanticizing Argentina 's history Perón Perón offers an ample menu and is located at Angel Carranza 2225 . The restaurant aims to recreate the aesthetic of the Peronist '40s . Throughout the restaurant there are propaganda posters for the Peronist party , which is one of the oldest political parties in Argentina . It originated with the government of Gen. Juan Domingo Perón , who was married to Evita Duarte . The restaurant has an atmosphere of camaraderie and great fanfare . Diners who meet here embrace and celebrate shared jokes at long tables like an extended family . Among its customers are the young and old , activists and even a few anti-Peronists . Political discourse is everywhere in the air here and discussed with passion . To better understand this passion , visit the Evita Museum . The museum , located at Lafinur 2988 , explores the life of the woman whose husband , Juan Domingo Peron , was twice elected president of Argentina . Evita Perón is a mythical figure in Argentina and around the world , praised and criticized by many . Perón 's body was laid to rest in the historic Recoleta Cemetery , and the burial site is a popular tourist destination . For further museum exploration , tour the Casa Rosada where the president 's offices are housed . The Government Palace and the Museum of the Bicentennial are nearby , bringing together the complex political , social and cultural aspects of Argentina .	Buenos Aires is a starting point for many visits to Argentina The city is a great place to mingle with locals , experience South American culture Wander the streets , dance the tango , try museums and eat delicious food Have you been to Argentina ? Share your stories of adventures there
Boston  CNN  -- Widespread power outages and transit delays marked the start of a challenging week for millions of residents of the Northeastern United States , where a freak October snowstorm dropped more than 2 feet of snow in some places . Close to 1.7 million customers in five states remained without power Monday evening , and officials warned it could be Friday before power is back on everywhere . Utilities throughout the region reported significant progress in restoring power , but the cold , snowy conditions and house-by-house nature of the damage was slowing work , officials said . At least 13 deaths have been blamed on the weekend storm , which prompted emergency declarations from the governors of New York , New Jersey , Connecticut and Massachusetts , and also put Halloween trick-or-treating plans in jeopardy . President Barack Obama signed an emergency declaration for Connecticut on Monday , ordering federal aid to supplement state and local response efforts . About a dozen Massachusetts cities have postponed Halloween celebrations , according to CNN affiliate WGGB . At least 20 Connecticut cities and towns , including the capital city of Hartford , canceled events or asked parents to wait until later to take their kids trick-or-treating , according to CNN affiliate WFSB-TV . Even Gov. Dannel Malloy and his wife , Cathy , said they will be leaving the lights off . "  No amount of candy is worth a potentially serious or even fatal accident , " the governor said in a statement . In Worcester , Massachusetts , officials asked residents to postpone celebrations until Thursday , when temperatures are expected to climb to 60 degrees . Trick-or-treating , the city said , would "  put families and our youth in harm 's way as they negotiate piles of snow and downed limbs . " In Springfield , Massachusetts , school officials announced classes would be canceled for the week . Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick said some roads in the state are expected to ice up again after dark , and he warned that downed power lines continue to pose a threat . "  It was a particular challenge not just because it comes unseasonably soon , but because there are leaves on many of the trees , which caused a number of limbs to come down on power lines , " he said . Some of the heaviest snow fell in Massachusetts , Connecticut , New Jersey and New York , but snowfall amounts of at least a foot were recorded from West Virginia to Maine . The Berkshire County community of Peru , Massachusetts , received 32 inches of snow during the storm . "  I never have seen this , and I 've lived here all my life , and that 's more than 90 years , " 92-year-old Genevieve Murphy of Westfield , Massachusetts , said in an interview with CNN affiliate WWLP-TV . Aaron Kershaw in Mahopac , New York , about 50 miles north of Manhattan , told CNN he was using a 4,000-watt generator to provide power for his family of five . The wet , heavy snow brought down a number of trees while coating the area in a thick blanket of white . "  Thank God no homes , cars , people , etc. were harmed , " he said . "  But Mother Nature left us beautiful scenery . " About 1,300 people were staying in Massachusetts shelters , state officials said . In Connecticut , 50 shelters were open , Malloy said . With no electricity and no heat at home , Jessica Taylor took her six children and spent the night in a shelter in the Hartford area . "  We 've been eating meals here , " she told CNN affiliate WTIC-TV . "  They 've been serving us , taking good care of us . " Connecticut power officials said Monday that about 748,000 people were still without power , down from a peak of more than 900,000 . "  It 's all hands on deck , " said Mitch Gross , a spokesman Connecticut Light and Power , the state 's largest utility . "  We have a lot of work to do . " Power crews from across the country are converging on the state to help restore power , according to Gross , who said every town that Connecticut Light and Power serves was adversely affected in some way by the storm . In Massachusetts , state officials said utility crews had come from as far as Louisiana and Texas to help . Patrick said utility crews had made a 23 % dent in the number of buildings without power as of Monday morning . "  A 23 % reduction overnight is pretty great , but we have a whole lot more to do and a few days yet before power will be restored to everyone , " Patrick said . About 478,000 people remained without power Monday evening , according to officials . Elsewhere , about 202,000 customers were without power in Pennsylvania ; 116,000 in New Jersey and 127,000 in New York , according to figures from emergency managers and power companies in those states . Thousands also lost power in New Hampshire , Maryland , Virginia and West Virginia . Kimberly Lindner of Chappaqua , New York , said the family whiled away the hours by building a "  jack-snow-lantern . " "  It 's October , and there are 12 inches of snow on the ground , " she said in a submission to CNN 's iReport . "  But the kids think it 's great . They 've been playing outside all day and really do n't care that there is no power . Why not make the best of things and have some family time in the snow ? A snowman without a head , a jack-o ' - lantern without a body ... enough said . " For others , however , the unexpected storm brought unexpected misery . Airline passengers left stranded by the storm spent a restless weekend night on cots or airport floors . "  Whatever kind of system they had , it completely and utterly broke down , " said passenger Fatimah Dahandari , who spent a night in Hartford , Connecticut 's , Bradley International Airport while trying to get to New York . "  It looks like a refugee camp in here . " Passengers stuck on jet for hours As of Monday , authorities reported at least 13 deaths attributed to the storm . Three people died in Massachusetts , Patrick said , including a Lunenberg resident who died in a fire and a resident of Hatfield who succumbed to carbon monoxide poisoning , apparently from an improperly vented generator . The third death happened in Springfield when a man in his 20s ignored police barricades surrounding downed power lines and touched a metal guardrail , which was charged , city fire department spokesman Dennis Legere said . At least four people died in Pennsylvania -- two of them in a crash Sunday on Interstate 95 in Philadelphia , CNN affiliate KYW-TV reported . A third death happened in Temple , when an 84-year-old man was resting in his recliner Saturday and part of a large , snow-filled tree fell into his house and killed him , according to a state police report . The fourth death was blamed on carbon monoxide poisoning , after the victim in Lehigh County used a charcoal grill to heat a home , said Ruth Miller , a spokeswoman for the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency . Four people also died in New Jersey because of the storm , police said . Two were killed in motor vehicle accidents , one in Bergen County and one in Passaic County , while two others died after trees fell on their cars . In Connecticut , two people died , including a motorist involved in a traffic accident in Hebron . CNN 's Marina Landis , Leslie Tripp , Ashley Hayes , Miguel Susana , Chris Boyette , Greg Morrison , Sara Weisfeldt , Elizabeth Cherneff , Susan Candiotti , Ivan Cabrera and Dominique Debucquoy-Dodley contributed to this report .	NEW : Power outages fall to about 1.7 million in five states Deaths attributed to storm rise to 13 Trick-or-treat postponements spread through Northeast Roads could ice up again , and fallen power lines remain a risk , officials say
Washington  CNN  -- When the government investigates the alleged unauthorized release of sensitive information , the focus is normally on the person doing the leaking . But the criminal case against a State Department contractor escalated dramatically , putting the spotlight on the person reportedly receiving those communications -- Fox News reporter James Rosen . The complex layer of once-secret search warrants for e-mails and phone records involving Rosen have raised constitutional concerns about press freedoms , balanced against national security . The investigation of that adviser , Stephen Jin-Woo Kim , and a separate probe involving clandestine searches of Associated Press records , has prompted President Barack Obama to order a review of the federal government 's practices involving leaks of classified material . "  I am troubled by the possibility that leak investigations may chill the investigative journalism that holds government accountable , " Obama said recently . He has directed Attorney General Eric Holder to review the government 's guidelines on such matters . Holder will convene a panel of media organizations scheduled to begin on Thursday as part of his review . The details of the investigation A look at the legal records in the Kim case reveals much about the evolving process of the investigation . Here is what is known about the ongoing case : In November 2009 , the Justice Department secretly asked a federal court to grant a search warrant for a personal email account through Yahoo , Inc. servers . Prosecutors suspected Kim , who joined the State Department in 2008 , was giving information to Rosen , classified intelligence about North Korea . Along with private e-mails and phone records , Justice Department officials tracked the reporter 's movements in the State Department using his ID badge . Kim , 45 , was born in Seoul South Korea and moved to the U.S. when he was a boy . His family settled in the Bronxdale section of New York . He has a PhD from Yale in diplomatic and military history . One of his areas of specialty at the State Department was North Korea 's nuclear program . Recently unsealed documents show the government had in 2009 amassed an impressive amount of evidence against Kim , a contractor who no longer works at the State Department . Holder runs into roadblocks on off-the-record meetings on leaks At the time , an FBI agent making the search warrant request , said , "  I conclude from the foregoing that Mr. Kim and Reporter A have communicated as recently as August 15 , 2009 by email through both the -LSB- redacted]@yahoo.com accounts as well as what appears to be a clandestine e-mail account set up by Reporter A , -LSB- redacted]@gmail.com, to communicate with Mr. Kim and perhaps other sources of information . " And what of reporter Rosen ? As of late 2009 , the government apparently had no interest going after him . "  The FBI is not at this time seeking a search warrant for -LSB- redacted]@gmail.com . Rather it is restricting its request for email search warrants associated with Mr. Kim . " The Gmail account is apparently Rosen 's although he is not mentioned by name in any of the documents . Six months later , things take a dramatic turn . Another search warrant application is filed in Washington , this time for a personal Gmail account controlled by Google , Inc. . It is clear from the records it is Rosen 's account and that he was at that time , in the government 's eyes , possibly involved in a crime as "  aider or abettor and/or co-conspirator . " The warrant application was filed without the prior knowledge of Fox News . The government acknowledged it was an unusual situation , but felt it had no choice . "  The FBI has exhausted all reasonable non-media alternatives for collecting the evidence it seeks , " said the May 2010 affidavit about Rosen 's communications . "  Because of the reporter 's own potential criminal liability in this matter , we believe requesting the voluntary production of materials from reporter would be futile and would pose substantial threat to the integrity of the investigation and of the evidence we seek to obtain by the warrant . " Holder to meet with news execs An attempt to seal the records The Obama administration had fought for more than two years to keep the Kim and Rosen search warrant affidavits sealed . In an unusual twist federal Judge Royce Lamberth last November ordered the records publicly released , but court clerks had for some reason failed to enter the documents in the court 's online docket until last week . The publicly available court records do not clearly indicate why the government felt it needed to expand its already strong evidence against Kim into a probe of Rosen 's actions . The reporter has not been charged with any crime , and while he was listed as a "  co-conspirator , " that often does not mean he would be considered a target . Fox News officials have subsequently offered differing versions about when and if they were notified by the Justice Department after the fact about the searches . A law enforcement official insisted Tuesday the government notified Fox 's parent company News Corp. it was issuing a request for two days of phone records in 2009 . Justice Department policy requires those types of notifications to be delivered via certified mail , fax , and e-mail . The official said on August 27 , 2010 , two separate notifications were sent to Lawrence Jacobs , then the general counsel for News Corp. . An e-mail also was sent to Rosen on the same day notifying him of the subpoena , the official said . The official request , according to this official , was for toll records -- lists of what numbers were dialed from five phone lines associated with Rosen -- and also the phone numbers of the calls received . The records would not reveal any content from conversations . But Jacobs , speaking to CNN Tuesday , said he does n't remember receiving any notification from the Justice Department about a subpoena . "  I have no recollection of receiving anything from the Department of Justice , " Jacobs said . "  It 's the kind of thing I would remember . " Search warrants and subpoenas can be different . Subpoenas in this legal context are orders to a particular party to produce certain records or information . Search warrants are court orders allowing law enforcement to gather information or collect evidence , often without the prior knowledge of the person being investigated . Attorney General sign-off Justice Department policy requires the attorney general to personally sign off on any search warrants involving the media . A Justice official tells CNN Holder in fact did just that . The actual warrant was approved by a federal magistrate . Many legal scholars say the only justification for such a search warrant involving the press -- and the high-level approval necessary from Holder -- would be if prosecutors firmly believe that reporter is criminally involved in an illegal leak of information , and are prepared to take legal action . The government suggested as much when it requested Rosen 's private phone and e-mail records . But in the three years since , no indictment has come against Rosen . Administration officials have yet to explain -- either in court records or in a press conference -- whether Rosen was a serious target of prosecution , or whether Kim was the only person they were planning to prosecute and needed to make the claim about the Fox reporter in order to get emails to help the Kim prosecution . The affidavit involving the Rosen records says one of the main reasons for the search warrant was Kim had allegedly erased some e-mails that investigators were not able to recover . The FBI believed those missing e-mails could be found in Rosen 's accounts . For example , the government was curious about how Kim  reportedly using the alias "  Leo "  responded to Rosen 's alleged May 22 , 2009 , e-mail : "  Thanks Leo . What I am interested in , as you might expect , is breaking news ahead of my competitors . " DOJ says e-mails , letter prove it notified Fox of subpoenas Holder under fire Holder faces questions from Republicans on Capitol Hill , who are looking into whether he lied under oath earlier this month when he said he was not involved in the "  potential prosecution of the press for the disclosure of material . " "  That is not something I 've ever been involved in , heard of , would think would be wise policy , " Holder said at the May 15 hearing . White House spokesman Jay Carney said Wednesday that no prosecution ever took place in the Fox case , and therefore it was "  self-evident " that any charge Holder lied to the House panel was "  inaccurate . " The attorney general said Tuesday he is "  not satisfied " with some of the guidelines on how prosecutors conduct leak investigations involving reporters . "  We 're going to have a real frank , good conversation about this , " Holder told reporters following a naturalization ceremony for new U.S. citizens . "  And I think , we 're going to make some changes because I 'm not satisfied with where we are . " Focus on State Dept. contractor While much of the political debate centers around Rosen and search warrants for members of the press -- from a legal perspective , the criminal case is clearly focused on Kim . In the search warrant affidavit for Rosen , it is Kim 's alleged acts that drive the legal narrative . The government alleges call records of Kim 's desk phone at the State Department between May and July of 2009 show 36 calls were exchanged between the government contractor and the reporter , including seven on the date Rosen published a story about North Korea . Kim himself was interviewed by FBI agents three months later in September of 2009 where he denied leaking classified information . He allegedly told investigators , according to the redacted affidavit , "  I would n't pick up a phone and call -LSB- the reporter -RSB- or -LSB- the news organization that the reporter works for -RSB- . " Eleven months after that interview -- and three months after the Rosen search warrant was issued -- Kim was indicted for unauthorized disclosure of "  National Defense Information " and for making false statements to investigators . His case has not gone to trial and he denies the charges . The case is USA v. Kim  10-cr-225  . CNN 's Joe Johns and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Justice Department sought search warrants for electronic communication of Fox News reporter in connection with leak investigation Investigation focused on State Department contractor who may have been in contact with reporter The reporter has never been charged and as of late 2009 , the government apparently had no interest going after him Attorney General Eric Holder has come under fire for Justice Department handling of the case
Washington  CNN  One former employee of the private Blackwater Worldwide security company was sentenced Monday to life in prison and three others to 30 years each behind bars for their roles in a 2007 mass shooting in Baghdad that left 17 people dead . A federal jury convicted the four in October after a lengthy trial that saw some 30 witnesses travel from Iraq to testify against the security contractors . Prosecutors accused the men of illegally unleashed "  powerful sniper fire , machine guns and grenade launchers on innocent men , women and children . " Senior U.S. District Court Judge Royce Lamberth sentenced Blackwater sniper Nicholas Slatten to a term of life in prison , mandatory for his first-degree murder conviction . Blackwater workers Paul Slough , Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard were sentenced to 30 year each , plus one day . Slough was convicted of 13 counts of voluntary manslaughter , 17 counts of attempted manslaughter and a firearms offense . The jury convicted Liberty of eight counts of voluntary manslaughter , 12 counts of attempted manslaughter and a firearms offense . Heard was found guilty of six counts of voluntary manslaughter , 11 counts of attempted manslaughter and a firearms offense . According to prosecutors , the four were among seven Blackwater employees who opened fire in the Nusoor Square traffic circle in Baghdad , killing 17 people . An FBI investigation found 14 of the deaths unjustified , according to rules of engagement for private security contractors in Iraq . Slatten was accused of firing the first shots . Survivors of shooting tell FBI their stories in 2007 Blackwater said its convoy came under attack , and defense attorneys said in court that witness accounts were fabricated . But witnesses testified that the contractors opened fire without provocation . "  It was horror , " said Hasan Jaber , an attorney who was driving to work when he was shot three times . "  People running out of their cars were being shot at . ... Anything that moved in Nusoor Square was shot . Women , children , young people , they shot everyone . " Among the dead were two boys , 9 and 11 , a doctor , a used car salesman , a truck driver , a businessman , an Iraqi soldier , a gardener , a taxi driver and an aspiring doctor taking his mother to an appointment , according to prosecutors . The parents and brothers of the 9-year-old victim were present in court during the sentencing hearing and spoke . Ali Razzaq 's father looked at the defendants and yelled in broken English : "  If I kill anyone in his family , what he do ?! Today , we will see who will win , the law or Blackwater , " he said . "  Blackwater killed my son . " Dad in 2007 : Blackwater blew up son 's and wife 's ` skulls ' The defense presented character witnesses , family members and former colleagues who testified to the defendants ' capacity to work under fire and willingness to help others . Each defendant also gave a closing statement . Slatten addressed the court last , taking the opportunity to declare his innocence . Lamberth rejected his argument . The judge said that the punishments reflected the seriousness of the crimes . He said that the U.S. government "  should be commended for finding and exposing the truth of what happened . " Blackwater incident witness in 2007 : ` It was hell ' A few gasps were heard in the courtroom , and some crying . The case was initially dismissed in 2008 after a judge found the Justice Department withheld key evidence and violated the rights of the contractors . A federal appeals court reversed the ruling , paving the way for the two-month trial that ended in convictions for the four . Another contractor , Jeremy Ridgeway , pleaded guilty in 2008 to voluntary manslaughter and attempt to commit manslaughter and testified for the government . He has not yet been sentenced . Blackwater lost its $ 1 billion contract with the State Department to protect American diplomatic personnel in 2009 , after the Iraqi government refused to renew the company 's operating license . The company was later renamed and sold , and now operates as ACADEMI , providing protection services and training . 2007 congressional report : Blackwater most often shoots first Wesley Bruer reported in Washington . Michael Pearson reported and wrote in Atlanta .	Blackwater sniper Nicholas Slatten is sentenced to life in prison , mandatory for his first-degree murder conviction Three others get 30 years plus one day in the 2007 shooting in Baghdad that left 17 dead
CNN Student News  -- September 11 , 2013 Today , CNN Student News remembers the victims and the events of the worst terrorist attack in U.S. history . We also report on some global reaction to the latest developments regarding Syria 's chemical weapons , and we discuss the discoveries of a massive volcano and a lost work of art . Plus , we dive into a debate surrounding a significant swim . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How would you prepare for an interview with a president during an international crisis ? Where could you go to get help in formulating your questions ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . 9/11 terrorist attacks 2 . extinct volcano 3 . strait Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What is known about a recent , diplomatic proposal regarding Syria 's chemical weapons ? 2 . Who painted the recently discovered masterpiece "  Sunset at Montmajour " ? 3 . What questions have been raised about Diana Nyad 's swim from Cuba to Florida ? How have some of these questions been addressed by Nyad 's team and others ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What do you know about the 9/11 terrorist attacks ? What questions do you still have about what happened that day ? How do you think that those who lost their lives in the 9/11 attacks should be remembered ? 2 . What is your opinion of the current proposal regarding Syria 's chemical weapons ? What do you think are some likely outcomes to this situation ? 3 . What considerations should architects take into account when designing a venue for a major , international sporting event like the Olympics ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America New York City ; Washington , D.C. ; Shanksville , Pennsylvania South America Brazil Europe United Kingdom FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Jenni Rivera . Add the Mexican-American superstar 's name to a long list of beloved celebrities killed in the crash of a charter aircraft . That list includes singer/actress Aaliyah , golfer Payne Stewart and musicians Ronnie Van Zant , Buddy Holly and Ritchie Valens . In 2008 , Travis Barker of Blink-182 and Adam "  DJ AM " Goldstein were critically injured -- and four other passengers were killed -- when their charter jet crashed on takeoff in South Carolina . Overall , the industry is overwhelmingly safe . Yet Sunday 's crash in northern Mexico that killed Rivera and six others , including a pilot and co-pilot , has focused attention on charter safety . Related : Plane owner linked to troubled businessman One red flag , experts say , is the 43-year-old plane 's age . "  The Learjet is a pretty reliable airplane , but this one was really old , " says Ladd Sanger , an attorney and licensed pilot who specializes in plane crashes . "  As a general rule , over 40 years old , and I think you need to be concerned . " However -- on its own -- age is not an indicator of an airplane 's safety , says John McGraw . an ex-FAA deputy administrator . "  This plane was 10 minutes in flight , so you would n't expect that to be a factor in this type of accident , " he said . In general , experts say travelers can reduce their risk of choosing a charter that 's poorly run -- or even illegal -- by asking a few smart questions . Owner of plane in Jenni Rivera crash under DEA investigation Pilots Make sure the charter is well established and employs its own pilots , experts say . Leonard Goldberg is president and owner of Gold Aviation , a 17-year-old outfit based in Ft. Lauderdale , Florida , that flies six aircraft . "  Our search process is very stringent , " he says . "  We see dozens of candidates at least before we settle on a pilot , which is pretty common , for good quality operators . " The FAA does n't impose age limits for charter pilots , although pilots for airliners and other commercial carriers must retire at age 64 . Charter pilots must pass flight medical exams , which increase in frequency with age . FAA certificate In the United States , ask to see the charter operator 's FAA Part 135 air carrier certificate . It 's what legally defines an operator as a charter carrier . "  It should be posted inside their building , " Sanger says . Brokers Be aware that if you use a broker instead of booking directly from a charter operator , you 're putting your journey in the hands of a middleman . Critics call it "  jet roulette " because you 're essentially trusting the broker to hire a safe and legal charter plane . Maintenance Ask charter operators if their firm performs its own aircraft maintenance . Find out if training for the charter company 's mechanics is approved by the aircraft manufacturers . Safety audits Many charters and brokers hire outside companies to oversee , rate and suggest improvements for their safety practices . Ask about safety audits . Insurance Sanger says he has seen more than his share of illegal "  bootleg " charter operations , and one way to easily smoke them out is to ask about their insurance liability . Depending on the value of the plane , Goldberg says look for a range between $ 5 million and $ 300 million . "  Get a copy of the policy , " Sanger says . "  If they do n't have at least a $ 10 million policy and you 're chartering a jet -- run . " The FAA does require charter companies to carry insurance . But it does not require insurance for non-charter private planes . That makes it very tempting , Sanger says , for private plane owners to rake in fat profits by pretending to be a legal charter operator . "  They need to pass a law that says you have to have insurance on any airplane , just like they do cars , " he says . When contracting with a non-U.S. charter operator , it gets more complicated . Rules and regulations are different in every country , underscoring the importance of grilling the operator about maintenance , documentation and oversight . Appearances can mean a lot . "  Sometimes all you need to do is look at a plane to know you do n't want to get on it , " Sanger said . Deadly charter accidents increased in the United States last year , according to the FAA , up from six fatal accidents in 2010 to 16 in 2011 , when pilots logged more than 3 million hours in flight . Deaths rose from 17 to 41 . Worldwide so far this year , out of more than 17,600 business jets -- which include small private and charter planes -- there have been 12 major accidents and 25 deaths , according to the Flight Safety Foundation . CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Mariano Castillo and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	Mexican-American superstar Jenni Rivera died in charter jet crash Sunday Charter jet travel safe worldwide , experts say Charter owner , plane crash lawyer offer safety tips on booking
AURORA , Colorado  CNN  -- The Atlanta lawyer with tuberculosis who caused an international health scare after traveling to Europe and back underwent surgery Tuesday to remove the diseased portion of one of his lungs . TB patient Andrew Speaker set off an international health scare when he traveled to Europe for his wedding in May . Andrew Speaker , 31 , had the roughly two-hour operation to remove the upper lobe of his right lung at the University of Colorado Hospital . He 's been under treatment at National Jewish Medical and Research Center in Denver since the end of May . CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta , who observed the surgery for about an hour , explained that the unusual procedure consisted of inserting a video camera in a tube in one small incision in the right side of Speaker 's chest , and putting instruments through another incision . When the infected portion of the lung was cut out , it was placed inside a bag while still inside the attorney 's chest cavity and the bag was sealed inside a tube before being removed . The main reason for sealing the infected tissue was to prevent it from re-infecting Speaker as it was removed , Gupta said after the operation . Doctors also wanted to make sure they did n't "  release any of that tuberculosis bacteria into the operating room , into the rest of the hospital , " Gupta said before the surgery on CNN 's "  American Morning . " Watch Andrew Speaker discuss his reasons for having surgery with CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta " Doctors said the operation went well and there was not much bleeding , Gupta said . The portion of the lung that was removed showed the effects of the disease , Gupta said . "  A regular lung is very pink with a smooth , glistening surface , " he said . "  This had a lot of bumps on it , and the areas that were diseased were very dark with white nodules . " Speaker will most likely recover at the University of Colorado Hospital for another couple of days , and will return to National Jewish Medical and Research Center in Denver to finish his antibiotic course . He will still have to continue taking the medications prescribed by his doctors to fight the tuberculosis until cultures taken from him are negative for tuberculosis bacteria for eight weeks . At that point , he will be considered non-infectious , but he will still be monitored by health care professionals . Speaker said it was his decision to have the surgery , which is just one of his treatment options . "  With the amount of treatment I 'm going to be on , the doctors said if you go ahead and have this surgery , you do n't have to worry 10 years from now , or 20 years from now , or 30 years from now if it 's ever going to come back , so it 's worth the peace of mind to me , " the attorney said . Speaker was originally found to have an extremely drug resistant strain  XDR-TB  of the respiratory disease earlier this year , but on July 3 doctors said he had multi-drug resistant tuberculosis  MDR-TB  , which is treatable with less toxic drugs . Speaker and his fiancee had gone to Europe on May 12 for their wedding in Greece , despite warnings from the Fulton County Health Department in Georgia that he should not fly because he risked infecting fellow passengers . Since then , eight people who shared a flight with Speaker have filed a lawsuit against him , seeking $ 1.3 million in damages . Rosalind Yee -- an attorney for the plaintiffs who said her clients include a ninth person related to one of the passengers but who was not on the flight -- said all eight passengers have undergone TB tests since they returned home . One of them , a 72-year-old man , tested positive for TB on a skin test , though it was not clear that Speaker was the source . The man 's X-rays were normal , she said , and he is awaiting results of further tests . In the past year , there have been about 124 cases of MDR-TB in the United States . About half of those patients have elected to undergo the surgery to remove the diseased portion of their lungs , Gupta said . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Doctors remove TB-infected lung tissue from Andrew Speaker He said decided to have surgery so he wo n't have to worry about TB in future Speaker sparked health scare after flying with disease Eight people on flight with Andrew Speaker sue him for $ 1.3 million
Japan has finally made the possession of child pornography a punishable offense . The country 's upper house of parliament passed a bill Wednesday , which will see people found with explicit images of children jailed for up to year or fined up to $ 10,000 . The bill was a long time coming for activists who argued that Japan 's relatively lax laws put children at risk by banning the production and distribution of child pornography , but not people found with it in their possession . "  It 's been 10 years and it 's finally changed . I 'm so pleased that Japan finally moved one step toward the international standard , " said Shihoko Fujiwara , from Lighthouse , a nonprofit group that helps exploited children . "  Under the existing circumstances , the suffering and damage has become more critical . I really hope that the law rescues suffering child victims , as well as the victims damaged in the past by stopping the circulation of child porn . This is the epoch-making event for Japan , " she said . Notable exclusions The bill notably excludes the possession of explicit anime or manga , a point of contention for campaigners who say that cartoons depicting child sexual abuse should also be banned . Representatives of those industries say that while they support the ban on real child pornography , any move to censor their products would be an unjustified restriction of freedom of expression . Daisuke Okeda , a lawyer and inspector for the Japan Animation Creators Association , said it was "  natural that animation is exempted . " "  The goal of the law itself is to protect children from crime , " he said . "  Banning such expression in animation under this law would not satisfy the goal of the law . " Hiroshi Chiba , the manager of Chiba Tetsuya Production , one of the country 's best known manga production houses , said that more could be done in terms of age restrictions on graphic content featuring children and to distinguish it more clearly from other comics . And he admitted that some products of the industry leave him and his colleagues "  disgusted . " "  But rich , deep culture is born from something that might not be accepted by all , " Chiba said . "  We need to allow the gray zone to exist as a necessary evil . " Child abuse in Japan Statistics show that child pornography remains a big problem in Japan . The U.S. State Department 's 2013 report on human rights practices in Japan labels the country "  an international hub for the production and trafficking of child pornography . " It cited Japanese police data showing the number of child pornography investigations in 2012 rose 9.7 % from a year earlier to a record of 1,596 . The cases involved 1,264 child victims , almost twice as many as in the previous year . Under the new law , people in possession of child pornography have one year to dispose of it before they risk prosecution . Sexually explicit Japan manga evades new laws on child pornography	Japan 's parliamentary upper house passes law to ban possession of child pornography Production and distribution were already outlawed Campaigners say the bill should have included sexually explicit anime and manga Industry says a ban on comics would restrict freedom of expression
CNN  -- An Illinois woman and her boyfriend , already charged with aiding in the abduction of the woman 's 6-year-old grandson , face new charges of tampering with a witness in the case , officials said Tuesday . Ricky Chekevdia , 6 , allegedly was hidden with his mother in a secret room in his grandmother 's house . Diane Dobbs and Robert Sandefur , both 51 , are in jail pending the filing of formal charges in the case , said Beth Sandusky , victim services coordinator for the state attorney 's office in Franklin County , Illinois . The two were charged previously with aiding and abetting child abduction , a felony , according to Sandusky and court records . They were released from jail on bond Monday , but were back in custody within hours , according to ABC News and CNN affiliate WSIL . Last week , authorities found Ricky Chekevdia , Dobbs ' grandson , at her home . The boy was hiding along with his mother , Shannon Wilfong , in a secret room built to hide them -- an area about 5 feet by 12 feet , with a 4-foot ceiling , according to WSIL . Police say the boy had been hidden for nearly two years . Wilfong , 30 , is jailed on felony child abduction charges and made her first court appearance Tuesday , Sandusky said . "  We let him out of the car and he ran around like he 'd never seen the outdoors , " Master Sgt. Stan Diggs with the Illinois State Police told WSIL . "  It was actually very sad . " In an interview on ABC 's "  Good Morning America " on Monday , before she was arrested , Dobbs disputed the accusation that Ricky was hidden in the small room , saying that in two years he spent "  maybe five minutes " there . "  My grandson had the run of the house , " she said . "  When we were outside , we would go fishing , we would do weenie roasts . We 've done fireworks on the Fourth of July . He 's helped me plant my flower garden in the back . " She said she would not plead guilty to the charges . "  We were on our own and we had to do what we had to do and that was make sure our grandson was safe , " Dobbs said . Sandusky would not comment on the pending charges against Dobbs and Sandefur or identify the witness . However , a woman told WSIL she called police after Dobbs and Sandefur came onto her property and threatened her son 's life . Diggs told WSIL that Ricky is "  in very good spirits for someone who 's been isolated in that house . ... He 's a very , very social , very polite , very talkative little boy . " Wilfong and Ricky 's father , Michael Chekevdia , had battled over custody since Ricky was born in 2002 , the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported . They initially had joint custody , Chekevdia told the newspaper , but Wilfong would often fail to bring the boy for weekends or scheduled meetings , then in 2007 failed to show up for visitation hearings . A judge granted Chekevdia temporary custody , but by then Wilfong and the boy had disappeared . They were reported missing in November , and in December , prosecutors charged Wilfong with felony child abduction . Wilfong and Dobbs had accused Chekevdia of sexually abusing the boy , but authorities have said those allegations are unfounded , the Post-Dispatch said . Leaving court Tuesday , a tearful Wilfong denied any wrongdoing to reporters , and accused Chekevdia of making lewd comments about the child . She added that the boy feared returning to his father . But Chekevdia told WSIL that Wilfong and her family are "  accusing me unjustly . " "  I was the best father I could be given the time that I had with him , " he said . Ricky was taken into Illinois Department of Children and Family Services custody , and is staying with his father 's family under child welfare supervision , WSIL said . The department declined comment . Chekevdia told the station he got to see his son smile for the first time at a Labor Day parade . "  It was just a wonderful feeling to see a little boy that 's been in that situation for so long enjoy himself , " he said .	NEW : Boy 's parents had battled over his custody since his birth in 2002 Grandmother and her boyfriend are in jail pending formal charges Mother , Shannon Wilfong , tearfully denies any wrongdoing Boy is staying with father 's family under child welfare supervision , station reports
CNN  -- Somali pirates have released two vessels they 've held for several months , apparently after ransoms were paid , officials and news agencies reported Saturday . On June 28 , pirates hijacked the MV Golden Blessing , with 19 Chinese sailors onboard . They took control of the vessel , which flew under the Singapore flag , about 60 nautical miles off the northern coast of Somalia . The 14,445-ton tanker , carrying a load of glycol ethylene , was released Saturday , according to the European Union Naval Force Somalia  EUNAVFOR  . The vessel had been en route from Saudi Arabia to India . EUNAVFOR provided no other details . There were conflicting numbers on the paid ransom , but Andrew Mwangura , programs coordinator of the Kenya-based Seafarers Assistance Programme , said it was less than $ 7 million . China 's transport agency , however , said on its website that the Golden Blessing had been "  rescued . " Meanwhile , a South Korean oil tanker and its 24 crew members seized April 4 also were released Saturday , according to Yonhap , the South Korean state news agency . The pirates said they had been paid $ 9.5 million , Mwangura said . Somali pirates captured the Samho Dream about 600 nautical miles  690 miles , 1,111 km  north of the Somali coast -- 300 nautical miles  345 miles , 556 km  outside the area in which EUNAVFOR operates . The Combined Maritime Forces -- a cooperative effort by several countries to patrol international waters -- has warned that pirates in the Somali Basin and Gulf of Aden are venturing further from their home waters , "  revealing their desperation to find easier commercial targets . " The 300,000-ton Samho Dream was seized in the Indian Ocean while en route to the United States from Iraq . The ship was carrying five South Korean and 19 Philippine crew members along with about $ 170 million worth of oil . The freed vessel is now en route to Louisiana , Mwangura said .	Two vessels released by Somali pirates Ransoms in the millions of dollars were apparently paid Countries have warned that pirates are venturing farther from home waters
PANAMA CITY , Panama  CNN  -- The sole survivor of a plane crash that killed two Americans and a Panamanian pilot was awake and talking Wednesday , a doctor said . Francesca Lewis , 13 , apparently fell out of the plane or was ejected on impact , her mother , Valerie Lewis , told CNN on Wednesday . The girl endured two days in the rugged mountains of Panama , in frigid temperatures and heavy rain , before rescuers stumbled upon her in the wreckage on Christmas Day . "  She 's doing all right , " Valerie Lewis said . "  She is having tests done at the hospital right now , and so far things seem good -- kind of miraculous . "  The fact that she so far does n't seem to have any major damage seems incredible . " Dr. Alexander Quidano at the Mae Lewis Medical Center in Boquete , Panama , said Francesca was in stable condition , awake and speaking . She was being treated for a fractured arm and several cuts , but tests , including a CAT scan , were under way to make sure nothing else was wrong , Quidano said . Francesca apparently was disoriented when her rescuers saw her under a wing of the wrecked plane , her mother said . She thought she was at home and wondered why an airplane wing was in her house , her mother said . Rescuers carried the girl on a stretcher for three and a half hours in torrential rain over rugged terrain to a helicopter . "  We 're so relieved to have her with us , " her mother said . The small plane disappeared Sunday in a mountainous area of Panama . Authorities found the bodies of pilot Edwin Lasso , American businessman Michael Klein and Klein 's 13-year-old daughter , Talia , about 4:30 p.m. Tuesday , according to a statement posted on the Web site of Panama 's civil protection agency . Francesca and Talia were friends . Watch latest from school the girls attended " Rescuers planned to retrieve the three bodies Wednesday , said Thomas Mesa , a spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Panama City . Klein , a 37-year-old hedge fund manager , was vacationing with the two girls when they took the flight Sunday to photograph a volcano in Chiriqui province , about 285 miles west of Panama City . Authorities think the small single-engine Cessna ran into bad weather . Radio contact with the flight was lost about noon Sunday . Authorities and hundreds of volunteers spent the last two days searching the dense jungles and mountainous terrain , but heavy rain in the area had hampered recovery efforts . "  I just want to thank all of the people that cared so much about trying to help us , " Valerie Lewis said . "  So many people tried to help , and at great effort and sacrifice , and through the Christmas holiday . "  I mean , the most important family holiday , people were giving up that to go and trudge through the mud . It was like looking for a needle in a haystack . We really appreciate everything that was done . " Klein was president and CEO of eGroups Inc. in 1999 and 2000 , when Yahoo! acquired the company , merging it with its own e-mail services and changing its name to Yahoo! Groups , which now serves more than 100 million users worldwide . "  My heart goes out to everyone , " Valerie Lewis said . "  We all have been through a tremendous trauma together . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : Girl , 13 , was disoriented when found under wing , mother says NEW : Lack of major injuries "  seems incredible , " mother says NEW : Rescuers carried girl 3.5 hours over mountains in heavy rain Girl was only survivor in Panama crash that killed three
NEW YORK  CNN  -- It 's been a year since the parents of a severely disabled child made public their decision to submit their daughter to a hysterectomy , breast surgery and drugs to keep the girl forever small . Today , the couple tell CNN , they believe they made the right decision -- one that could have a profound impact on the care of disabled children worldwide . The profoundly disabled girl known as Ashley , now 10 , has achieved her full height , 4 feet 5 inches . "  The ` Ashley treatment ' has been successful in every expected way , " Ashley 's parents told CNN exclusively in a lengthy e-mail interview . "  It has potential to help many others like it helped our precious daughter . " While unwavering in their belief in the treatment , Ashley 's parents continue to insist on anonymity . In the year since Ashley 's parents went public , not only did the hospital that sterilized Ashley admit it broke Washington state law , but also the doctor who treated Ashley committed suicide . As scrutiny of the case deepens , so too does the chasm in the medical community : Is it mutilation , with doctors "  playing God " -- or , is stunting growth a liberating option for caregivers and the disabled children who will need constant care for the rest of their lives ? Ashley is now 10 years old and , at 4 feet 5 inches tall , has achieved her full height and weight , 63 pounds . The treatment permanently closed her growth plates and took more than a foot off her anticipated height . "  Ashley did not grow in height or weight in the last year , she will always be flat-chested , and she will never suffer any menstrual pain , cramps or bleeding , " say her parents , who felt it important to publicly address their decision after repeated interview requests , in the hopes of sharing their experience with other families . They responded by e-mail only , to protect the family 's identity .  Read the complete interview Ashley 's current state -- to them -- is the definition of success . She was born brain-damaged , with a condition described as static encephalopathy , or cerebral palsy . One of her doctors described her mental capacity as that of a 6-month-old , dependent upon her parents to meet every need . She does not walk or talk ; she 's fed through a tube and wears diapers . When Ashley was 6 , her parents approached Children 's Hospital and Regional Medical Center in Seattle , Washington , for the operations . They believed this would make it easier to cuddle and carry a child who can do little more than lie propped on a pillow . Weight and height are the "  worst enemy , " they write , for children such as Ashley , for whom they 've coined the term "  pillow angels . " In 2004 , Children 's Hospital performed a hysterectomy , removed Ashley 's breast buds and gave her high-dose estrogen to retard growth and sexual maturation -- a procedure that has risks , but to date has not harmed her , her parents say . While the "  Ashley treatment " was first published in the October 2006 issue of the Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine , it was n't until the family posted its blog last year that a firestorm erupted in the blogosphere , with responses from "  inhumane " and "  perverse " -- to "  walk in our shoes . " "  If parents of children like Ashley believe this treatment will improve their children 's quality of life , then they should be diligent and tenacious in providing it for them , " her parents write . "  We have a sacred duty to do what we believe is right for our children . " But in Ashley 's case , what her parents thought was right was n't legal . In May 2007 , Children 's Hospital admitted it broke state law by giving Ashley a hysterectomy without a proper court review . To perform any such treatment today would require a court order , as well as review by a panel of experts in medicine and ethics and people with disabilities , says Dr. Douglas Diekema of Treuman Katz Center for Pediatric Bioethics , the consulting ethicist on Ashley 's case . So , will doctors stop the growth of more children like Ashley ? Right now , no growth-attenuation therapy is being administered by other doctors anywhere in the nation , according to pediatric experts . Supporters wonder whether another factor , the suicide in September of Ashley 's endocrinologist , Dr. Daniel Gunther , may have slowed wider adoption of the treatment . "  We know from reliable sources his treatment of our daughter was a source of energy and motivation for him , " Ashley 's parents write . "  He was frustrated about being blocked from providing this treatment to other children in need . He strongly believed this treatment should be available to them . " The family appears to be the lone voice with that opinion ; CNN shared the family 's comment with Children 's Hospital , but did not get a response . In media reports , colleagues and family members were said to believe Gunther 's suicide was not related to the treatment of the girl . Another complicating factor -- some doctors remain adamant the treatment should n't be available . "  Adults can consent . But for a child , we 're making decisions for them and hoping in our heart of hearts we are making the right decisions , " says Dr. Nancy Murphy , chairman of the American Academy of Pediatrics Committee on Children with Disabilities . Murphy will push for consensus among doctors at a pediatrics conference later this year , but acknowledges strong discord as critics continue to insist that keeping children small reduces them to a permanent infant-like condition , denying the basic human right to experience an adult body , adult feelings and adult relationships . But for Ashley , that may be moot . " -LSB- This disability -RSB- shatters the reason we become parents : to watch kids grow , to be part of their lives and to launch into their own lives , " says Murphy . "  When you have a child with lifelong dependency , you do n't get to launch your kid , and your caregiver options are limited . " But like many other people with disabilities , 43-year-old Anne Rader , who also has cerebral palsy but in a much less severe form than Ashley 's , sees the treatment as dehumanizing -- and perhaps most significantly -- irrevocable . "  The parents are not seeing the potential of the child ; they are seeing a baby , " says Rader . "  People with disabilities have to look at the potential of our lives : of available new technology , new equipment , medical advances . Things can change so quickly now . " Some ethicists , too , remain staunch in their assessment that the "  Ashley treatment " is a violation of not only human dignity , but also of a physician 's oath to do no harm . "  I think mutilating surgery involving removal of breast buds is indefensible under any circumstances , " says Arthur Caplan , the chairman of the Department of Medical Ethics and director of the Center for Bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania . "  Growth retardation is not a substitute for adequate home aides and home assistance . " Ashley 's parents remain convinced what they did for Ashley is the most loving choice they could have made for their daughter and want that for other disabled children . "  We feel that if our time and effort ended up helping a single pillow angel ... then it is worthwhile . " E-mail to a friend	Parents of severely disabled "  pillow angel " say controversial treatment is success Girl had hysterectomy , other treatments to stunt her growth Parents ' blog about "  Ashley 's treatment " created firestorm of Internet debate Expert : No consensus among doctors on whether treatment is appropriate , ethical
Three weeks after Malaysia Airlines Flights 370 set off from Kuala Lumpur , search aircraft set off Saturday from Australia -- hoping to , finally , find the Boeing 777 in the southern Indian Ocean where experts now believe it ended up . The area that search teams -- including a Chinese Ilyushin IL-76 and an Australian P-3 Orion that set off Saturday morning from Perth -- are now focusing on is 1,100 kilometers  680 miles  to the northeast from where they 'd been concentrating for more than a week , and it 's closer to the Australian coast . This change is thanks to a new analysis of satellite data that Australian authorities say show the commercial airliner could not have flown as far south as once thought . Saturday 's renewed search comes days after Japan and Thailand both said they 'd sent new satellite images to Malaysia showing separate debris fields that could be related to the plane , which vanished with 239 people aboard . Air Vice-Marshal Kevin Short , commander of Joint Forces New Zealand , told CNN 's Erin Burnett five of the dispatched aircraft "  located debris in their search area " on Friday . Some of the spottings were "  hundreds of miles away " from each other , although Short said this vast expanse is "  not unusual " given the ocean conditions and the time passed since the airplane 's purported crash . That includes 11 small objects spotted by one of his military 's P-3 planes . CNN 's Kyung Lah , who went out on a U.S. Navy P-8 search plane Friday , said the crew of that plane spotted white objects , orange rope and a blue bag . "  At one point , sure , everybody on board got a little excited , but it 's impossible to tell from that distance what anything is , " she said . Aircraft setting off Saturday will try to relocate those objects , take photos of them for analysis , and direct four ships in the area "  to their exact location , " according to Short . But again , the world must wait -- there 's no confirmation that anything spotted from the air so far has anything to do with the missing airliner , which authorities have been hunting since early March . "  We should not underestimate the difficulty of this work  in  an extraordinarily remote location , " Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Saturday . " ... While we are throwing everything that we have at it , the task goes . " The Australian Maritime Safety Authority stressed what 's been detected so far "  can not be verified or discounted as being from MH370 until they are relocated and recovered by ships , " six of which are to arrive Saturday in the new search area . They could be flotsam , like one distinctive piece of fishing gear spotted in the revised zone . This was not the first time it turned out suspected debris ended up being unrelated to the mystery plane : A Chinese aircraft reported spotting possible aircraft debris early in the search , but that sighting turned out to be nothing . Still , Short said , "  Finding debris ... gives a lot more hope . " Malaysia plane saga : Your questions answered Better conditions The new search zone remains vast -- roughly 123,000 square miles  319,000 square kilometers  . It is still also remote -- 1,150 miles  1,850 kilometers  west of Perth . But John Young of the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said conditions there are "  likely to be better more often " than they were in the old search area , where poor weather grounded flights two days this week . Planes will be able to spend more time in the air because the new search zone is closer to land , Young said . U.S. flight crews involved in the search are n't frustrated or disillusioned by the sudden change in the search , Cmdr. William Marks of the Navy 's U.S. 7th Fleet said . "  For the pilots and the air crews , this is what they train for , " he said . "  They understand it . " Marks told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Friday night that finding the debris is just part of the goal . Oceanographers could then analyze data about current , winds and more , then , to chart where they believe the bulk of the plane lies deep underwater "  Finding the debris in of itself is OK . But it 's working backwards to that starting point , " Marks said aboard the USS Blue Ridge . "  And this area will be , hopefully , much better  than the previous search area  for that . " If and when the body of the 777 is found , the question still remains : Why did it go down ? That may not be answered until investigators undertake the arduous process of retrieving the aircraft and trying to , literally , piece together what happened to it . Wasted time ? Some analysts have raised their eyebrows at the sudden search area shift . "  Really ? That much debris and we 're not going to have a look at it to see what that stuff might be ? " said David Gallo of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution , who helped lead the search for the flight recorders from Air France Flight 447 , which crashed into the Atlantic Ocean in 2009 . Others lamented the amount of time , money and resources that were spent in the old search area . "  This is time that has been wasted , there 's no question , " said CNN aviation analyst Miles O'Brien . Malaysian Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein disputed that suggestion . "  I do n't think we would 've done anything different from what we have done , " he said . CNN safety analyst David Soucie said it was "  a good sign " that experts had adjusted their assumptions . "  Assumptions are the key to all of this , " he said . "  If you assume something and you end up with a final conclusion , you have to constantly review that . " Vast , evolving search The shifting hunt for Flight 370 has spanned oceans and continents . It started in the South China Sea between Malaysia and Vietnam , where the plane went out of contact with air traffic controllers . When authorities learned of radar data suggesting the plane had turned west across the Malay Peninsula after losing contact , they expanded the search into the Strait of Malacca . When those efforts proved fruitless , the search spread north into the Andaman Sea and northern Indian Ocean . It then ballooned dramatically after Malaysia announced March 15 that satellite data showed the plane could have flown along two huge arcs , one stretching northwest into the Asian landmass , the other southwest into the Indian Ocean . The search area at that point reached nearly 3 million square miles . On Monday , Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said that further analysis of the data had led authorities to conclude the plane went down in the southern Indian Ocean , far from land . Malaysian officials told the families of those on board that nobody would have survived . But many relatives have said that only the discovery of wreckage from the plane will convince them of the fate of their loved ones . ` Unspeakable challenge ' for families Mystery surfaces pain of 1977 tragedy Questions linger Did flammable cargo doom flight ? How they 're searching for debris	Australian leader : "  We should not underestimate the difficulty " of the search The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines airliner has gone on for three full weeks Authorities recently shifted the focus of the search area some 1,100 kilometers 5 aircraft spotted debris in the new area , but none is confirmed to be from Flight 370
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Picture this : you 're sat down for the Football World Cup final , or a long-awaited sequel to the "  Sex and the City " movie and you 're watching all the action unfold in 3-D on your coffee table . The future of television ? This image is an impression of what 3D holographic television may look like . It sounds a lot like a wacky dream , but do n't be surprised if within our lifetime you find yourself discarding your plasma and LCD sets in exchange for a holographic 3-D television that can put Cristiano Ronaldo in your living room or bring you face-to-face with life-sized versions of your gaming heroes . The reason for renewed optimism in three-dimensional technology is a breakthrough in rewritable and erasable holographic systems made earlier this year by researchers at the University of Arizona . Dr Nasser Peyghambarian , chair of photonics and lasers at the university 's Optical Sciences department , told CNN that scientists have broken a barrier by making the first updatable three-dimensional displays with memory . "  This is a prerequisite for any type of moving holographic technology . The way it works presently is not suitable for 3-D images , " he said . The researchers produced displays that can be erased and rewritten in a matter of minutes . To create television sets the images would need to be changing multiple times each second -- but Peyghambarian is very optimistic this can happen . He said the University of Arizona team , which is now ten-strong , has been working on advancing hologram technology since 1990 -- so this is a major step forward . He believes that much of the difficulty in creating a holographic set has now been overcome . "  It took us a while to make that first breakthrough , but as soon as you have the first element of it working the rest often comes more rapidly , " he said . "  What we are doing now is trying to make the model better . What we showed is just one color , what we are doing now is trying to use three colors . The original display was four inches by four inches and now we 're going for something at least as big as a computer screen . " There are no more great barriers to overcome now , he said . The breakthrough has made some long-time researchers of the technology believe that it could now come to fruition . Tung H. Jeong , a retired physics professor at Lake Forest College outside Chicago who had studied holography since the 1960s told NJ.com ; "  When we start talking about erasable and rewritable holograms , we are moving toward the possibility of holographic TV ... It has now been shown that physically , it 's possible . " And what might these holographic televisions look like ? According to Peyghambarian , they could be constructed as a screen on the wall  like flat panel displays  that shows 3-D images , with all the image writing lasers behind the wall ; or it could be like a horizontal panel on a table with holographic writing apparatus underneath . So , if this project is realized , you really could have a football match on your coffee table , or horror-movie villains jumping out of your wall . Peyghambarian is also optimistic that the technology could reach the market within five to ten years . He said progress towards a final product should be made much more quickly now that a rewriting method had been found . However , it is fair to say not everyone is as positive about this prospect as Peyghambarian . Justin Lawrence , a lecturer in Electronic Engineering at Bangor University in Wales , told CNN that small steps are being made on technology like 3-D holograms , but , he ca n't see it being ready for the market in the next ten years . "  It 's one thing to demonstrate something in a lab but it 's another thing to be able to produce it cheaply and efficiently enough to distribute it to the mass market , " Lawrence said . Yet , there are reasons to be optimistic that more resources will be channeled into developing this technology more quickly . The Japanese Government is pushing huge financial and technical weight into the development of three-dimensional , virtual-reality television , and the country 's Communications Ministry is aiming at having such technology available by 2020 . Peyghambarian said there are no major sponsors of the technology at present , but as the breakthroughs continued , he hopes that will change . Even if no major electronics company commit themselves , there is hope that backers could come from outside of the consumer electronics industry , he said . "  It could have some other applications . In training it 's useful to show people three-dimensional displays . Also it would be good to show things in 3-D for defense command and control and for surgery , " he said .	Researchers have created the first rewritable and erasable holographic images Holographic televisions could come out of the wall or up from a table The 3-D hologram technology could have uses in surgery or in the military
CNN  -- The nation 's oldest Army armor unit at Fort Carson in Colorado remained in lockdown for a second day Friday , after the post began investigating "  the unauthorized removal of government property , " the military said . The lockdown applies to the 1st Battalion 66th Armor Regiment "  Iron Knights , " an Army spokesman said . "  The 66th Armor Regiment is the oldest Armor unit in the United States Army , tracing it 's lineage to the beginning of the Tank Service in February 1918 , " its Facebook page says . Fort Carson chief of media Dani Johnson declined to elaborate Friday on the type of property allegedly removed . "  This type of lockdown is a unit lockdown , which is at a commander 's discretion , " Johnson said . Between 500 to 750 soldiers are affected "  at most " at the 26,000-soldier installation near Colorado Springs , Johnson said . "  So you 're talking about a very small impact , " Johnson said . This type of lockdown is not common , a spokesman said . The measure means that soldiers remain on-duty working on the base instead of being allowed to go home , CNN affiliate KKTV reported . The property purportedly missing was from that unit , and base authorities searched outgoing vehicles Thursday to make sure property was not being removed from the base , the affiliate reported .	"  Iron Knights " at Fort Carson remains in lockdown after property is missing It 's "  the oldest Armor unit in the United States Army , " since 1918 Up to 750 soldiers at the 26,000-personnel post are locked down This type of lockdown is not common , a spokesman says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A "  smoking gun " e-mail allegedly connecting a concert promoter to Michael Jackson 's death was revealed this week as a judge unsealed documents in the wrongful death lawsuit filed by Jackson 's mother and children . The trial next month in Los Angeles could shed new light on the pop icon 's last days as Dr. Conrad Murray , who did not testify at his own involuntary manslaughter trial , and Jackson 's oldest son Prince , 16 , are on the witness list . Jackson died two weeks before his "  This Is It " comeback concerts , organized by AEG Live , were to have debuted in London in the summer of 2009 . E-mails suggested that the promoter was worried about Jackson 's missed rehearsals and they sought Murray 's help in getting him ready . Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson and their grandmother , Katherine Jackson , contend that AEG Live 's pressure on Murray to have Michael Jackson ready for daily rehearsals despite his fragile health led to his death from an overdose of surgical anesthetic . The judge ruled Wednesday that Jackson lawyers have shown enough evidence that AEG Live hired and supervised Murray to warrant a jury trial . She also ruled there was evidence to support the Jacksons ' claim that AEG Live executives could have foreseen that Murray would use dangerous drugs in treating the pop icon . "  Now that the court has ruled that there is evidence that it was foreseeable that AEG 's actions resulted in Michael Jackson 's death , the Jackson family feels vindicated from the public smear campaign that AEG has waged against them , " Jackson lawyer Kevin Boyle said Sunday . "  The truth about what happened to Michael , which AEG has tried to keep hidden from the public since the day Michael died , is finally emerging . We look forward to the trial where the rest of the story will come to light . " A cornerstone of the Jacksons ' case is an e-mail AEG Live Co-CEO Paul Gongaware wrote 11 days before Jackson 's June 25 , 2009 , death . The e-mail to show director Kenny Ortega addressed concerns that Murray had kept Jackson from a rehearsal the day before : "  We want to remind  Murray  that it is AEG , not MJ , who is paying his salary . We want to remind him what is expected of him . " Jackson lawyers , calling it a "  smoking gun , " argue the e-mail is evidence that AEG Live used Murray 's fear of losing his $ 150,000-a-month job as Jackson 's personal physician to pressure him to have Jackson ready for rehearsals despite his fragile health . Ortega , who had worked closely with Jackson on previous tours , sounded a loud warning about his health after Jackson showed up for a rehearsal shivering just over a week before his death . He wrote in an e-mail to AEG Live President Randy Phillips : "  It is like there are two people there . One  deep inside  trying to hold on to what he was and still can be and not wanting us to quit him , the other in this weakened and troubled state . I believe we need professional guidance in this matter . " Phillips responded with a glowing endorsement of Murray : "  This doctor is extremely successful  we check everyone out  and does not need this gig so he is totally unbiased and ethical . " Jackson lawyers point to another e-mail exchange as evidence that Phillips was directly involved with pressuring Murray to have Jackson at rehearsals . The e-mail was sent by AEG Live tour accountant Timm Woolley to an insurance broker two days before Jackson died : "  Randy Phillips and Dr. Murray are responsible for MJ rehearsal and attendance schedule . " Murray told investigators two days after Jackson 's death that he used the surgical anesthetic propofol every night for two months to help him rest for rehearsals . It was a procedure Jackson demanded , he said . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled that Jackson had died from an overdose of propofol in combination with sedatives . Murray is serving a prison sentence for his involuntary manslaughter conviction . AEG Live argues it has no liability in Jackson 's death because Murray was not its employee . AEG lawyer Marvin Putnam did not respond Sunday to CNN calls for comment , but he did give a short statement last year : "  Defendants did not hire Dr. Murray nor were they responsible for the death of Michael Jackson . " The lawsuit seeks a judgment against AEG Live equal to the money Jackson would have earned over the course of his remaining lifetime if he had not died in 2009 . If AEG Live is found liable , it could cost the company several billion dollars , according to estimates of Jackson 's income potential . AEG Live is a subsidiary of AEG , a global entertainment company that is now for sale with an $ 8 billion asking price . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Yvette Palazuelos , in her ruling rejecting AEG Live 's request to have the case thrown out , said she agreed that the Jackson lawyers provided evidence that AEG Live did n't do "  a sufficient background check of Dr. Murray , which would have established that Murray was deeply in debt . " Jackson 's previous relationship with Murray , who treated him and his children for minor illnesses in Las Vegas , did not relieve AEG Live of liability , "  although the fact may be relevant in determining proportional liability and damages , " she said . While the AEG Live lawyers argued the company could not have foreseen that Murray might use dangerous drugs on Jackson in preparation for the tour , Palazuelos said there was evidence that Gongaware had "  previous tour experiences " with Jackson in which "  tour doctors " gave "  large amounts of drugs/controlled substances to him . " Gongaware testified in Murray 's trial that he worked as tour manager for Jackson 's "  Dangerous " and "  History " tours before joining AEG Live . The judge cited "  Gongaware 's general knowledge of the ethical issues surrounding ` tour doctors ' and the practice of administering drugs to performing artists . " "  There is a triable issue of fact as to whether it was foreseeable that such a physician under strong financial pressure may compromise his Hippocratic Oath and do what was known by AEG Live 's executives to be an unfortunate practice in the entertainment industry for financial gain , " the judge wrote . Check out the latest news from CNN.com	Michael Jackson 's mom and kids accuse AEG Live of pressuring Dr. Conrad Murray A "  smoking gun " e-mail ties AEG Live to Murray , Jackson attorney says Concert promoter AEG Live argues it did not hire or supervise Murray Murray is serving a prison sentence for Jackson 's 2009 death
Guardian Centers may be a place to practice how to respond to a disaster , but that does n't mean real danger is nonexistent . When we headed over to see its mock subway station , complete with eight cars donated from Washington 's Metro system , we were told we had a limited window to view it . The reason -- they were going to be pumping actual toxic gas into the building to simulate a chemical attack . As smoke rose from chunks of concrete representing an obliterated building , Chris Schaff put it this way : "  As soon as you come in here , the pretend goes away . " He 's a fire and rescue battalion chief with Fairfax County , Virginia , and his words carry a lot of weight . His elite team of urban search and rescue operatives has been deployed to numerous disasters , including Hurricane Sandy , the 2011 Japanese earthquake and tsunami , and the 2010 Haiti quake . Luis Fernandez , a two-decades-plus veteran of disaster response , agreed the Perry , Georgia , facility passes muster . "  The temperature extremes , the building extremes , the noises , the environment , are incredibly lifelike , " said Fernandez , Miami-Dade Fire Rescue chief of staff and.a spokesman for the Federal Emergency Management Agency . The brotherhood of Disaster City From the aforementioned subway station , to a mock bridge with crushed cars , to a devastated structure made to look like the aftermath of the Oklahoma City bombing , Guardian Centers ' 830-acre site is designed to allow a variety of responders to do a variety of drills in one location . This kind of "  doomsday Disneyland " owes its vision to Geoff Burkart , a telecommunications executive who was in Louisiana in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina . During Katrina , he saw "  what was being done there , and what was not being done . " From there the idea was born , and a former Cold War missile plant became the location . The subway station is especially convincing , fashioned from an elongated building originally designed to be an assembly line for the weapons . Open for less than two years , the Centers facility has changed the game for disaster response training . Clients can tell Burkart 's team what their specific needs are . If it 's a group from the Pacific Northwest , they can request the ground be saturated to simulate the region 's heavy rainfall . Many agencies have "  script writers " that work with Guardian Centers on specifications , from smoke to rebar . "  We 're primarily just a tool , and we want to be the best tool , " Burkart said . He does n't want to slight government training facilities but points out the advantages to being privately run . "  We can adapt and provide everything the client needs almost on demand , " he said . And by being able to provide a number of different training types in one place , Burkart says , he 's saving the taxpayers money . Still , the process to create such scenarios takes time . A recent weeklong earthquake response drill for FEMA and the U.S. Agency for International Development took months to plan , according to spokespeople . And things must always be changed up . A pair of dog handlers from a New Mexico search and rescue team pointed out that the animals are smart enough to remember where the holes in the rubble are . As for Burkart , he hopes his vision will extend well beyond the rolling hills of central Georgia . "  If we can make this entire campus successful , we would like to put one of these in  each of  the four corners of the United States , " he said .	Guardian Centers is an 830-acre disaster response training facility in Georgia Privately run center prides itself on realistic training scenarios "  on demand " Clients work with the Centers to develop customized scenarios for training The Centers founder hopes to expand to other parts of the United States
CNN  -- A series of U.S. diplomatic cables from early this year directly accused Syria of supplying advanced weaponry , including SCUD ballistic missiles , to the Shiite militia Hezbollah in Lebanon . U.S. protests to Damascus met with persistent denials , according to the cables , which were published by the WikiLeaks website . At a meeting in February , according to one cable , a senior U.S. diplomat stressed Washington 's concerns directly with Syrian President Bashar Asad , "  who bluntly stated that he knew of no new weapons systems going to Hezbollah . " But just a week later , an urgent note from U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to the U.S. Embassy in Damascus said the United States had learned of Syrian plans to supply Hezbollah with SCUD-D ballistic missiles , which would magnify its threat to Israel . Clinton wrote : "  I must stress that this activity is of deep concern to my government , and we strongly caution you  Syria  against such a serious escalation . " To reinforce the point , the cable continues : "  Your interest in avoiding war should require you to exert maximum restraint , including restraining Hezbollah and preventing the group 's acquisition of such lethal , long-range weapons . " Within 24 hours , the senior U.S. diplomat in Damascus met with the vice foreign minister , Faisal al-Miqdad , to convey Clinton 's message . The cables described him as "  clearly surprised " by the allegations . "  Flatly denying any Syrian role in the supply of weapons to Hezbollah , Miqdad contended Damascus supported Lebanese independence , " a cable says , quoting Miqdad as saying : "  You may hear about weapons going to Hezbollah , but they are absolutely not coming through Syria . " Miqdad then went on the offensive , according to the cable , asking : "  The most sophisticated weapons are coming to Israel , to be used against whom ? " But the U.S. diplomat in Damascus commented : "  Even a seasoned diplomat like Miqdad could not restrain a raised eyebrow at our mention of the transfer of ballistic missiles to Hezbollah . " The following day another cable from the secretary of state 's office asked U.S. diplomats to rally support from allies for Washington 's position . It said : "  We want France , Britain , Turkey , Saudi Arabia , Jordan , and Qatar to make a renewed push to echo our concerns with Syria . " Allies should be told that Washington believed "  Syria has provided or will provide guided short-range ballistic missiles to Hezbollah that could target two-thirds of Israel , including Tel Aviv , from launch sites north of the Litani . " The Litani is a river in southern Lebanon . "  Our information also indicates that Syria has made advanced surface-to-air missile systems available to Hezbollah and has probably provided training on these systems to Hezbollah personnel , " the cable continued . In April this year , Israeli officials alleged that the transfer of SCUD-D missiles had gone ahead . At the time , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said : "  If such an action has been taken , and we continue to analyze this issue , clearly it potentially puts Lebanon at significant risk . " So why would Syria provide Hezbollah with weapons that could destabilize an already volatile region ? Another cable tries to answer that question . "  Syrian leaders appear convinced that arming Hezbollah will increase Syria 's leverage in bringing Israel to the negotiating table , " it says . But the top U.S. diplomat in Damascus suggests in a cable that is misguided . "  Syria 's actions have created a situation in which miscalculation or provocative behavior by Hizballah could prove disastrous for Syria and the broader region , " he writes . The U.S. assessment is that Hezbollah is far better-armed than it was in 2006 , when it fought a one-month cross-border war against Israel . Referring to its missile and rocket armories , a cable from November 2009 says : "  This capability , if fully used , would represent a quantum leap over the damage and psychological terror Hezbollah rockets caused in northern Israel during the 2006 war . " Regional analysts believe that Hezbollah has some 40,000 rockets as well as up to a dozen SCUD-Ds from Syria .	SCUD ballistic missiles would increase Hezbollah 's threat to Israel U.S. cables accuse Syria of supply weaponry including SCUDs to the Shiite militia U.S. protests to Damascus were met with persistent denials , according to the cables
CNN  -- An Australian rugby league player has been charged with dealing drugs just three months after his teammate was served a court notice for the same offence . Chris Houston , who plays for Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League competition , has been charged with supplying ecstasy and cocaine according to reports in Australian newspapers on Monday . The 25-year-old second-row forward will appear in court next month , and has been suspended by his club . "  Newcastle Knights player Chris Houston has been stood down immediately and indefinitely following reports he was charged this afternoon on drug-related allegations , " a Knights statement said on Monday . Houston 's teammate Danny Wicks was charged with six counts of supplying prohibited drugs and two counts of drug possession in December . Wicks ' younger brother and his sister-in-law have also been charged as part of a police investigation into drugs suppliers , along with soccer player Steven Stefanovski . Wicks and Houston both moved to Newcastle from Sydney club St George Illawarra at the end of 2007 . Wicks agreed to cancel his $ 180,000-a-year contract in December , the Sydney Morning Herald reported , while Houston is contracted to the Knights until 2012 . It is the second year in a row that the sport has been hit by controversy ahead of a new season , which begins in two weeks . Last year , Manly and Australia fullback Brett Stewart had to be removed from NRL advertisements following allegations of sexual assault . Former Newcastle and Australia star Andrew Johns also made headlines after his retirement in 2007 when he was caught in possession of ecstasy in Britain , and later admitted he had been a regular user of the drug during his career .	Australian rugby league player Chris Houston charged with dealing drugs He will appear in court next month , accused of supplying cocaine and ecstasy His Newcastle clubmate Danny Wicks was also charged with dealing in December Newcastle and Australia star Andrew Johns admitted using ecstasy in 2007
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry opened a week of climate change talks in New York on Monday , saying he 's hopeful the discussions will set the tone for upcoming negotiations on an international agreement . "  It 's about time that world leaders come to the United Nations to recognize this threat in the way that it requires and demands , " Kerry said in his keynote address to business and government leaders attending Climate Week NYC , a private climate-change event that coincides with the U.N. summit scheduled for Tuesday . "  And it gives me hope that this global summit may actually produce the leadership that is necessary to try to come together and move the needle , to take advantage of the small window of time -- and I mean that -- the small window of time that we have left in order to be able to prevent the worst impacts of climate change from already happening . " He urged participants to use their influence to steer world leaders toward committing to greater action on climate change in time for discussions on an international climate change agreement to be held in Lima , Peru , in December and in Paris in 2015 . His speech reflected efforts to recruit businesses to the climate-change reduction bandwagon , focusing as much on the economic opportunities of transitioning to a low-carbon economy as on the perils of failing to do so . Climate activists take on Wall Street "  It 's the mother of all markets , " he said of the energy sector . "  The solution to climate change is a win , win , win , win if people would stop and look at it , " he said . His remarks came a day before the United Nations holds a summit of world leaders to discuss the same issue . Some 125 countries will attend the session , according to the Climate Group , which is organizing Climate Week NYC . On Sunday , tens of thousands of protesters marched in New York , demanding results on climate change policies . One marcher 's sign read "  cut your emissions or you 'll sleep with the fishes . " Marchers sound urgent call for climate change action ahead of U.N. summit	NEW : Climate talks can set agenda for talks later this year and in 2015 , Kerry says NEW : He urges political and business leaders to push for change The United Nations holds a climate summit Tuesday
CNN  -- Cast your mind back to 2008 and to the Beijing Olympics , a time when few had experienced the joy of hashtags and the "  Like " button was still a twinkle in Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg 's eye . Then the "  Twittersphere " had just three million "  tweeps " , while social-networking monolith Facebook had a "  modest " 100 million users . A lot can change in four years ... Last week 's London 2012 's opening ceremony provoked more tweets than the entire 2008 Games , while Facebook 's 900 million users -- more than the total population of Europe -- shared photos and comments about the event . ` Unbelievable ' Ye Shiwen sparks debate No wonder then that 64 years after London staged the post-World War II "  Austerity Games " , this time around the Olympics has been dubbed the first "  Social Media Games . " Somehow it seemed highly appropriate that the inventor of the world wide web Tim Berners-Lee was tweeting live while participating in the Danny Boyle-directed opening ceremony . Gone are the days of straining to listen to a crackly radio or huddling round a single television set . London 2012 enthusiasts are heading straight to their desktops and mobile phones for the latest Olympic news . Not that the reaction on social media has been all sweetness and light ... Michael Phelps cements position as all-time great After finishing fourth in the 10 meter synchronized final , British diver Tom Daley was subjected to insults via Twitter , some of which related to his late father . "  Four years ago , Twitter was only two years old , and it had around 3 million users , " explained Kate Bussman , author of A Twitter Year : 365 days in 140 characters . "  There are now over 140m , and it 's far more mainstream . Social media generally has become far more popular in that time period , especially when it comes to posting while watching sports events . "  Watching with a ` second screen '  i.e. a laptop , tablet or smart phone  has become much more popular . " Twitter 's expansion can also be explained by the proliferation of many of the world 's top athletes equipping themselves with official Facebook pages and "  verified " Twitter accounts as a way of interacting with their fans . . "  Social media connects the world in real time and fosters a constant conversation about sports , which is exactly what sports fans crave , " said Lowell Taub , head of sports endorsements at CAA Sports , which represents stars like David Beckham and Dwayne Wade . "  For the reporting of results and sharing of experiences by those who are on-hand at the Olympics , these Games will be unlike any other . " According to Bussmann , the links between sports and social media will continue to grow , because followers and likes will ultimately translate into dollars . "  They can talk to their fans directly , they can talk to each other , they can promote the image of themselves they most want to project , whether that 's by mentioning their charity work , family etc , " she outlined . "  Remember that the more fans a sports star has , the more money they can negotiate when it comes to sponsorship deals . Your Facebook and Twitter stats are a great way to prove how popular you are . " Taub confirmed an athlete 's "  social media footprint " can become a factor during negotiations with potential sponsors , explaining that the more passionate a sports star 's supporters , the more appealing they appear to a brand . But Taub also stressed millions of followers on Twitter or thousands of "  likes " on Facebook is useless without sporting success . "  Partners look for ambassadors who have a large and loyal audience , " he said . "  Social media has become a measurable way for brands to connect with an ambassador 's extremely loyal fan base . "  While having a robust social media presence is not necessarily the deciding factor , a brand that intends to go heavy with a social strategy is absolutely considering the athlete 's social footprint . "  Nonetheless , all the traditional variables still apply -- the profile of the athlete 's sport ; the athlete 's past performance and results . Good brand ambassadors who have unique Olympic journeys . " While posting a picture on Twitter is a quick and easy way of promoting sponsors , do athletes risk losing their fan base if social media is used purely for gratuitous advertising ? "  Our clients like to communicate with their fans and believe in their partners ' messages , brand , and activations , " replied Taub , "  so sharing that information with their fans seems to come very naturally . " Bussmann warned against using Twitter as a purely sponsor-driven outlet , saying : "  I imagine it will continue , but it 's hard to say how people will react . Like anything , if it 's done gratuitously or obnoxiously , that may get people 's backs up . " Some Olympians have also struggled to remember that a hasty tweet and too much social media exposure can prove costly . Greek triple jumper Voula Papachristou was kicked out of her country 's Olympic squad before the Games began for a tweet which was judged to have mocked African immigrants into the European nation . Australian swimmer Emily Seebohm has also allowed Twitter to ruin her Olympic dream . The 20-year-old was the favorite heading into the women 's 100 meter backstroke final , having flirted with the world record during the earlier rounds . But Seebohm was beaten into the silver medal position by American teen sensation Missy Franklin and she blamed her infatuation with social media for her below-par performance . "  I do n't know , I just felt like I did n't really get off social media and get into my own head , " Seebohm was reported to have said after Monday 's final by British newspaper The Daily Telegraph . "  Maybe I just started believing that and just thought I 'd already won by the time I had swum and I had n't even swum yet . "  When people tell you a thousand times ` you 'll get the gold ' , somewhere in your mind you are going to say ` you 've done it ' . " Seebohm 's alarming revelation illustrates the impact social media is having not only on the consumption of sport , but also on the athletes themselves . So , with plenty of gold medals still to be won , maybe Olympians would be best advised to take a social media sabbatical if they want to clinch glory at London 2012 .	Opening ceremony of London 2012 saw more tweets than entire Beijing Games British diver Tom Daley abused via Twitter after fourth-place finish in synchro diving Social-networking website Facebook has 900 million registered users Swimmer Emily Seebohm blames social media preoccupation for failing to win gold
CNN  -- Former NFL linebacker Junior Seau was arrested on a domestic violence charge in Oceanside , California , shortly after midnight Monday , just hours before he drove his car off a cliff in nearby Carlsbad , authorities said . The domestic violence incident began when Oceanside police were called to Seau 's residence to investigate a report of an assault late Sunday night , police said . The alleged victim is Seau 's 25-year-old live-in girlfriend , who had minor injuries that did n't require medical treatment . The girlfriend told police that Seau assaulted her during a verbal argument , authorities said . Seau was n't at the residence when the police arrived , but he later agreed to return home after he called his girlfriend and spoke to officers on the scene , police said . Seau drove home and was arrested at 12:20 a.m. Monday on the charge of spousal assault with injury , police said . He was released on bail , police said . Some time later Monday morning , Seau drove his white Cadillac SUV off a cliff and landed on the beach at Carlsbad , police said . Seau was conscious and talking to paramedics when he was transported to nearby Scripps La Jolla Hospital for treatment , authorities said . Law officers are investigating the cause of the accident , in which Seau was the vehicle 's only occupant , police said . Carlsbad is 35 miles north of San Diego , California , where Seau played most of his career . Drafted into the NFL in the first round in 1990 out of the University of Southern California , Seau debuted with the San Diego Chargers , establishing his Hall of Fame potential as a Pro Bowl staple . He left San Diego before the 2003 season to join the Miami Dolphins and spent parts of the last four seasons with the New England Patriots before retiring in January . Seau amassed 1,526 tackles , 56.5 sacks and 18 interceptions in his 20-season career . Off the gridiron , Seau was the star of "  Sports Jobs with Junior Seau , " a reality show on the Versus network that followed him as he took on various occupations , from baseball batboy to bullfighter to pro hockey equipment manager . The Versus website portrays Seau , 41 , as "  taking on the coolest , dirtiest and most fascinating jobs in sports . NFL legend Junior Seau will get beat up , worn down and well schooled . " The retired NFL star , who is divorced and the father of four children , is also head of a namesake San Diego-based nonprofit organization , which has donated nearly $ 4 million for services and scholarships to children and young adults . He 's also a restaurateur , with two establishments called Seau 's in Southern California . Born Tiaina Baul Seau Jr. in San Diego , he was a Parade magazine football All-American out of Oceanside High School .	NEW : Seau was earlier arrested for allegedly assaulting his 25-year-old live-in girflriend Authorities are investigating the cause of cliff accident Seau was the only person in his SUV He retired in January after 20 years in the NFL and recently has been star of a reality show
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- A day after the Tunisian president indicated that he would n't run again , protesters peacefully took to the streets in tense North African nation 's capital to protest his rule . Thousands of people congregated in front of the Interior Ministry in Tunis , and chanted slogans such as "  Get out ! " and "  Freedom for Tunisia ! " Haykal Maki , a pro-opposition lawyer who was in the throng , said protesters want a "  regime change , " the resignation of President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali , and lawsuits addressing the regime 's corruption . Tunisia has been wracked by angry demonstrations , with citizens protesting high unemployment , alleged corruption , rising prices , limitations on rights , and anger with the government 's performance . The wave of protests was sparked by the suicide of an unemployed college graduate , a man who torched himself in December after police confiscated his fruit cart . In an address on national TV on Thursday night , Ben Ali addressed the crisis in a speech that came as street unrest percolated and a message purportedly from an al Qaeda affiliate announced its support of protesters . He vowed to cut prices of basic foodstuffs , to lift censorship and to ensure police do not use live ammunition except in self-defense , and indicated that he will not run again for president . "  Enough violence , " Ben Ali said on national television after days of riots that have killed at least 21 people . "  I also gave orders to the interior minister ... not to use live ammunition . It is unacceptable and unjustified unless someone uses his weapon and forces you to defend yourself . " Ben Ali said he had asked the prime minister to reduce prices of staples , including sugar , milk and bread and said he had decided to give "  complete freedom to all media outlets ... as long as they respect our values and the value of the profession . " The 74-year-old president added that he would not push to change the law setting an age limit for presidential candidates in the next election in 2014 . By then , he would have exceeded the 75-year age limit . "  There will not be presidency for life , " he said . Organized mainly by the country 's lawyers ' union mainly and other unions , the crowd on Friday was under the watchful eye of a contingent of riot police officers . But the protesters freely were not shy about slamming the government and Ben Ali 's rule . Demonstrators shouted "  Public trial for the president 's family ! " and "  Yes to water and bread , but NO to Ben Ali ! " Reem Ben Yousef , a 37-year-old university professor , told CNN that the protesters say the ruling family have robbed citizens and they want them to depart from public life . Reem says that Ben Ali 's speech was staged and was cynical about the presence of a pro-government demonstration after his speech . "  We do not believe in Ben Ali and his regime , " she said .	Thousands are congregated in Tunis The demonstration is peaceful This comes a day after the president 's speech
Health.com  -- For Marika Holmgren , fighting breast cancer was an uphill battle -- literally . She got back on her mountain bike shortly after her diagnosis in February 2007 , smack-dab in the middle of chemotherapy . "  The treatment is so intense -- it strips everything away . You 're physically and completely changed , " says Holmgren , 40 . "  I was trying to retain some sense of normalcy . And truthfully , I felt a little badass being on my bike during treatment . I was giving cancer the middle finger . " Health.com : My Breast Cancer Diary in Pictures Tooling around on a mountain bike during chemotherapy sounds intense , maybe even unadvisable . But just the opposite is true : Holmgren was being a model patient . In the past , doctors often told cancer patients to take it easy during treatment . Although the appropriate amount of exercise varies from patient to patient , that conventional wisdom is now considered old hat . In fact , new guidelines on cancer and exercise from the American College of Sports Medicine  ACSM  urge cancer patients to be as physically active as possible both during and after their treatment . "  The idea that you should be staying put and resting is ultimately doing more harm than good , " says Kathryn Schmitz , Ph.D. , an epidemiologist at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine , in Philadelphia . Schmitz , who studies the role of physical activity in chronic diseases , presented the guidelines at the American Society of Clinical Oncology 's annual meeting last week . Health.com : 30-Minute Workout , No Gym Required The last thing people overwhelmed by cancer 's psychological and physical impact may want to hear is "  exercise more . " During treatment , bone-crushing fatigue , nausea , and body-changing surgery -- not to mention the emotional drain of coping with worried children , friends , and life partners -- often puts exercise very last on the list of priorities . Still , experts now say that exercise may help with -- not add to -- those problems . It boosts energy , helps stave off the weight gain often associated with treatment , and provides a psychological pick-me-up at a time when a person 's morale is likely to be battered . Even small amounts help How much exercise is enough ? The ACSM recommends 150 minutes of moderate-intensity aerobic exercise per week , which works out to about 20 minutes a day -- the same amount recommended to the general public . That said , the organization is realistic about how cancer and its treatment can alter mood and energy levels . Any kind of activity -- even a short walk -- is better than none , the ACSM says . Health.com : 5 Ways to Stay Healthy After Breast Cancer "  The risk of inactivity for cancer patients is so great that it 's best to just get started with something , " says Schmitz . If you begin to feel worse or overtired , Schmitz recommends discussing it with your doctor . People who were sedentary before their diagnosis should start by walking for 10 minutes each day , says Schmitz , and gradually increase their time by 10 percent to 15 percent each week until they can do 30 minutes at a stretch , five times per week . There may be days when you feel nauseous , exhausted , or utterly despondent . But friends or family can help . "  A lot of it will be up to the caregivers , because they are the ones who will know how to motivate patients facing an uphill battle , " says Schmitz . "  They 're the ones who can say , ` Hey , let 's get dressed today , ' and then , ` Hey , let 's get dressed and walk around the house . ' " It 's important to pick an activity you enjoy , says Alyson Moadel , Ph.D. , the director of the psychosocial oncology program at the Albert Einstein Cancer Center , in the Bronx , New York . "  It is not a one-size-fits-all answer , since patients may be more responsive and adherent to different fitness programs , " she says . "  It 's important to allow patients a choice and to tailor a fitness program to each patient . " Fortunately the options are greater than ever before , as exercise programs for cancer patients have become increasingly popular nationwide . In 2007 the Lance Armstrong Foundation partnered with the YMCA to provide physical activities designed specifically for survivors , and more and more hospitals are creating their own programs as well . Cancer patients who are n't willing or able to travel to a facility on a regular basis can sign up for programs that can be delivered by mail , phone , or the Internet . "  Right now we 're working to develop a variety in the types of programs available , " says Schmitz . Health.com : The Joy Workout Holmgren -- a longtime mountain biker -- took to the San Francisco hills with a group of women who ride with the Bay Area chapter of Team LUNA Chix , a group of amateur bikers , runners , and triathletes affiliated with the Breast Cancer Fund , a nonprofit advocacy organization based in San Francisco . "  I had no hair , no eyelashes , and no eyebrows , and yet I did n't think they would know I had cancer , " says Holmgren . "  The women were so fun and inspiring , and they never babied me . They just let me do my thing at my own pace . " How exercise helps Dozens of studies have demonstrated the benefits of staying active both during and after treatment . Regular exercise can help fight the weight gain that often comes with cancer treatment , including breast cancer . "  It 's about what the typical American could expect to gain over the course of a couple of years , but it 's happening all at once , " says Schmitz . But exercise is also important for cancer patients whose treatment can cause them to lose weight . Prostate cancer , cancers of the stomach and gut , and head and neck cancers can all lead to a significant decrease in muscle mass , as well as a loss of taste and an inability to process certain foods . "  Those patients really need to focus on resistance exercises , " says Schmitz . "  That will help them increase their muscle mass and gain that functional tissue that they need . " Even though most patients wo n't be able to accomplish the same physical feats they were capable of before their diagnoses , adds Schmitz , staying active helps them achieve "  a whole lot more than they would have been able to if they had n't been exercising . " Health.com : Fit at Any Age : Your 50s Strength Workout Exercising has more intangible benefits as well . In a 2007 study that followed advanced cancer patients who exercised while undergoing chemo , the participants were asked to keep diaries . Many of them noted the positive mental aspects of exercise . "  It feels good to have a sense of an everyday life again , " wrote one participant . "  I have become incredibly energetic , " wrote another . In addition to making patients feel normal again , staying active is a way for patients to measure the progress of their recovery . Holmgren stuck with her rides all summer while undergoing chemo . "  They became a real benchmark for me , " she says . "  The more I would ride , the more I felt like I was getting back to my old self . " Though Holmgren still ca n't match some of the climbs she conquered pre-diagnosis , mountain biking has helped her make peace with her changed body . "  The hormone treatment , early menopause , early arthritis , the weight gain , the surgeries -- breast cancer takes a huge toll on your body , " she says . "  I knew I was going to feel bad no matter what , so I figured I might as well be feeling bad on my bike doing something that I used to do -- and something that people not going through cancer might not be able to do . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2010	Marika Holmgren got back on her mountain bike shortly after her cancer diagnosis in 2007 Many studies have shown the benefits of staying active during and after cancer treatment Exercising has more intangible benefits as well , in terms of mental health
CNN  -- President Barack Obama cares , the White House insisted Tuesday in asking Congress for $ 3.7 billion in emergency funds to better respond to the flood of immigrants illegally crossing the border into Texas . No he does n't , say Republicans who note Obama does n't plan to visit the border area when he travels to Texas -- the epicenter of the immigrant influx -- on Wednesday for a trip that includes a meeting with Gov. Rick Perry . Amid the political sniping , many of the tens of thousands of young Hispanic immigrants who have illegally crossed the border into Texas this year remain in limbo while waiting to be processed and possibly sent back to their home countries . The surge of undocumented youths from Central America has overwhelmed federal facilities and revived the debate over an immigration policy overhaul , one of the most partisan issues in the already overheated political climate of an election year . U.S. authorities estimate that between 60,000 to 80,000 children without parents will cross the border this year in what the White House is calling an "  immediate humanitarian crisis . " Obama administration officials blame the immigrant influx on dire conditions in countries such as Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador that cause people to send their children on dangerous journeys to the United States with smugglers who falsely promise the kids wo n't get deported . Critics , however , say the administration invited the problem by halting deportations of some young immigrants who came to the country illegally in past years . Funding request Obama 's emergency funding request is just over 10 % of the $ 30 billion in proposed border security funding included in the Senate-passed immigration reform bill that House Republican leaders have stalled . A breakdown of the request , which requires approval from the deeply divided Congress , shows a broad approach by the administration to a problem that the critics say should have been anticipated . It seeks $ 1.6 billion for the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Justice to bolster customs and border efforts as well as cracking down on smugglers , and $ 300 million for the State Department to help Mexico and Central American governments counter what officials called "  misinformation " by smugglers about what immigrants will face on the journey to the U.S. border and once they arrive . A main goal is to speed up the processing of arriving young immigrants to send back those who lack legal status . For most , the likely outcome will be a return home , White House officials told reporters on a conference call . Obama 's funding request also seeks $ 1.8 billion for the Department of Health and Human Services to provide appropriate care for unaccompanied children crossing the border . The officials said that money would allow the government to meet its legal and moral obligations for such youngsters now being crammed in overcrowded facilities in several states while awaiting processing . On Tuesday , the Pentagon said it was processing requests from HHS to house more minors and Defense Department spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said the matter was still under discussion . But U.S. officials told CNN 's Barbara Starr the requests cover about 5,000 new beds at military facilities . There currently is space for about 3,600 children . The current arrangement is to use military facilities for up to 120 days . Kirby would n't speculate whether the time frame would be extended , although he said it 's something that would be discussed . "  Urgent situation " In addition , the emergency funding request for the rest of fiscal year 2014 , which ends on September 30 , seeks an additional $ 615 million to ensure necessary money to fight wildfires -- an issue separate from the immigration matter . White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the "  urgent situation " that the emergency appropriation request would address should usurp any talk of making budget cuts elsewhere to offset the cost . "  With an emergency request like this , traditionally Congress has not sought to bog down that process in a search for offsets , " he told reporters on Tuesday . The administration also will seek more leeway under existing law to speed up the processing of the undocumented newcomers who are overcrowding holding facilities and sparking protests in communities intended as temporary destinations . In particular , it wants Congress to make it easier for the Department of Homeland Security to deport new immigrants who lack legal standing to remain in the country , which would ease a growing backlog of cases resulting from the influx , Earnest said . "  What we are seeing along the Southwest border is a spike in illegal migration from a handful of Central American countries , " he added . "  And what we would like is for the secretary of homeland security to exercise some greater discretion after the due process rights of those individuals has been acknowledged and respected . " Partisan divide It was unclear how much cooperation Obama would get from congressional Republicans . A spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner said the request would be considered , but noted it lacked a component sought by the Republican leader . "  The speaker still supports deploying the National Guard to provide humanitarian support in the affected areas - which this proposal does not address , " said Michael Steel . On the Senate side , Republicans argued for changing a 2008 law signed by GOP President George W. Bush that requires deportation hearings before sending back children from non-bordering countries . They blame the process for a backlog created by the surge in unaccompanied minors from Central America entering the United States illegally from Mexico . "  I do n't think we can solve the problem unless we revisit " the law , said conservative Republican Sen. John Cornyn of Texas . Democrats , however , want to keep the law intact to ensure that any children who deserve asylum get due process in the form of a full hearing . "  I 'm not inclined to support any policy change that ultimately undermines existing law and would violate the right of someone who is actually a legitimate refugee , " said Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey , a Democrat of Cuban descent who chairs the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . "  Each child should be able to make their case as to why they qualify . Many will be sent back but others will qualify . " No border visit Obama has come under criticism from Republicans and some Democrats for not planning to visit the border area during his Texas trip , which will include a Democratic Party fundraising event . Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , a possible GOP presidential nominee in 2016 , called the situation similar to the much-disparaged federal response to Hurricane Katrina by the Bush administration . "  For him to go to Texas and spend two days shaking down donors and never even getting near the border mess he helped create would be like flying into New Orleans in the highest waters of Katrina to eat Creole cooking , but never getting near the 9th Ward , the Superdome , or the Convention Center where thousands languished in squalor , " Huckabee said . Meanwhile , Democratic Rep. Henry Cuellar of Texas questioned if the border problem would harm the President in the same way the Katrina response tarnished his predecessor , telling Fox News : "  I hope this does not become Obama 's ` Katrina moment . ' " The White House officials on Tuesday 's conference call repeatedly emphasized that Obama regarded the immigration crisis as "  an urgent humanitarian situation . " Political squabble Obama 's trip to Texas set off a political squabble , with Perry refusing to greet the President at the airport and instead calling for a meeting to discuss the immigration crisis . In response , Obama invited Perry to a meeting in Dallas with faith leaders and local officials , according to a letter written by senior adviser Valerie Jarrett . Perry , who is seeking to re-establish his national credentials after a disastrous bid for the GOP presidential nomination in 2012 , said Tuesday he looked forward to meeting with Obama . Previously , Perry has said he "  readily " welcomes any federal emergency funds , but also has asked that Texas be reimbursed for more than $ 500 million the state has spent on border security over the past decade . Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson said Sunday the administration will take steps to fix the nation 's broken immigration system , even without the help of Congress . That 's the same message Obama has given in response to the refusal by House Republicans to take up a Senate-passed immigration reform bill . 5 things you need to know about the immigration crisis What Obama can and ca n't do on immigration CNN 's Greg Clary , Deirdre Walsh , Ted Barrett and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report , which was written by Tom Cohen in Washington .	NEW : To no one 's surprise , Congress is divided on how to proceed President Obama travels to Texas on Wednesday Gov. Perry will meet with Obama , wants him to visit the border NEW : CNN reports about 5,000 new beds sought to temporarily house immigrant children
Amsterdam , Netherlands  CNN  -- Two men arrested at Schiphol International Airport in the Netherlands are being held on suspicion of plotting a terrorist act , Dutch authorities said Tuesday . They are Yemeni citizens who were en route to the Yemeni capital , Sanaa , from Chicago , Illinois , officials said . They were arrested Monday morning and authorities continued to question them Tuesday , Dutch prosecutors said . A U.S. law enforcement source said Monday the men may have been trying to test U.S. airport security by putting bottles attached to electronic devices in their checked baggage . But two U.S. government officials said Tuesday an initial U.S. investigation into the men shows no evidence of terrorism and no indication the men even knew each other . "  This looks like nothing , " said one of the officials , saying both men missed flights in Chicago because of a gate change and their airline rebooked them onto the same plane . "  We see no evidence of a dry run or a connection to terrorism , " said the source , who is not authorized to discuss the case with the media and asked not to be named . The Department of Homeland Security noted that the two men "  have not been charged with any crime in the United States " and cautioned "  against jumping to any conclusions . " Appropriate airport security protocols were followed , the department said . "  In this instance , sound judgment led to suspicious items being identified , which triggered automatic security responses by U.S. security personnel , " the department said . " ... When the investigation tells us more , we will let you know , but we do n't have anything else at this time . " An announcement about whether the men will be charged will be made "  in a few days , " Dutch authorities said in a statement . The men were still being held at Schiphol Airport on Tuesday , said Martijn Boelhouwer , a spokesman for Dutch prosecutors . Another U.S. official said the Dutch are being cautious and checking everything . That official , who also asked not to be named , said the United States is doing the same and is continuing to investigate . The U.S. Department of Homeland Security said Monday the two were arrested after "  suspicious items " in their luggage raised concern . "  The items were not deemed to be dangerous in and of themselves , and as we share information with our international partners , Dutch authorities were notified of the suspicious items , " the U.S. agency said . "  This matter continues to be under investigation . " Those items were an empty shampoo bottle with watches attached to it and an empty bottle of a stomach medicine with mobile phones attached , according to the U.S. law enforcement source , who has been briefed on the investigation . Dutch authorities confirmed that one phone was found taped to a bottle and seized in the United States . Nothing else suspicious was found in the men 's luggage , the Dutch said . The items have raised concern that the men may have been testing a future terrorist plot , the source said . Attempts to sneak liquid explosives aboard jetliners were at the heart of a 2006 plot broken up by British authorities . That case led U.S. authorities to ban all but small quantities of liquids from aircraft cabins . U.S. law enforcement officials told CNN that the checked bags contained knives and box cutters as well . Passengers have been banned from carrying those items on aircraft since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington , but they are allowed in checked bags . The source identified the men aboard United Airlines Flight 908 , from Chicago , Illinois , to Amsterdam , as Ahmed Mohamed Nasser al-Soofi and Hezem al-Murisi . Al-Soofi began his trip by boarding a flight in Birmingham , Alabama , and al-Murisi originally flew from Memphis , Tennessee , the law enforcement source said . A co-worker of al-Soofi said he was not known to express anti-American opinions and was "  not a very good Muslim " because he drinks beer . Al-Soofi had been back to Yemen at least twice before to deliver money and gifts , and bought watches and cell phones as gifts for family members on this trip , said co-worker Ali Moqbel in Tuscaloosa , Alabama . Al-Murisi was scheduled to fly from Chicago to Yemen , with connections in Washington and Dubai , a U.S. government official said , but his flight was changed to go from Chicago to Amsterdam . Another U.S. law enforcement official said both men were in the United States legally . That official said neither of the passengers was carrying items that are barred from aircraft , and federal air marshals were aboard the Chicago-to-Amsterdam flight . Al-Soofi 's luggage went aboard the Chicago-to-Washington flight without him , the source said , in what amounted to another violation of U.S. safety protocols . A U.S. government official said items in at least one of the bags were being examined by law enforcement authorities at Washington Dulles International Airport on Monday night . The official said al-Soofi and al-Murisi were seated near each other on the Chicago-to-Amsterdam flight , but were not seated next to each other . CNN 's Atika Shubert , Nic Robertson , Carol Cratty , Jeanne Meserve , Mike Ahlers , Dave Mattingly and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Homeland Security cautions against "  jumping to any conclusions " An initial U.S. investigation finds no connection to terror , two officials say The two are Yemeni citizens , the Dutch say The men in custody may have been testing security , source says
Atlanta  CNN  -- Summerhill , a rundown neighborhood near downtown , sits in the shadow of Turner Field , home to baseball 's Atlanta Braves . Vacant buildings abut empty lots , which are rented for parking during games . The area feels like a ghost town during the day -- it 's not the sort of place you want to be at night -- but it can fill in fast . The Braves played the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday . Police set up roadblocks while tailgaters cracked beers and music blared . As fans flooded the streets , they were struck by something new . Painters , moving over walls like mechanical ants , were transforming nearby buildings into brightly colored murals . They were there for a project called Living Walls . Twenty artists converged on Atlanta this month as part of the annual conference , now in its fourth year . They come with one goal : to put art in the streets , in places it usually is n't , with the hope of sparking a conversation and effecting change . This year , 10 of the artists are local ; 10 are international . "  It 's been so dead around here , " said Reandra Davis , 62 . She sat under an umbrella in a Summerhill lot , where she has sold parking spaces for some 35 years . Davis ' spot gave her a clear view of at least one of the buildings being painted . "  It 's beautiful where it used to be desolate . It brings everything alive , " she said . From graffiti to galleries : Street vs. public art ' A change brings on new things ' The Israeli artist known as Know Hope matched his wall . The artist wore blue pants and a blue shirt . Both were covered in white paint , which he had used to draw birds against a blue background . "  You can take your art and it can become part of real life , " he said . "  When you place it in a certain environment , it becomes a part of the daily lives of the people that live in the space . " Know Hope , 27 , was one of several artists this year assigned walls in Summerhill . They clustered around three blocks on Georgia Avenue . Spray cans were stacked in cardboard boxes on the street . Drops of yellow , blue and orange paint peppered the sidewalk . The murals were so large in some cases that the artists used cherry pickers to move around -- stopping to spray there , paint here . Conference organizers provided the equipment and materials and worked to secure permission . Unlike graffiti , these murals are legal -- a distinction many in the neighborhood were keen to draw . "  I do n't like seeing graffiti . That 's just something that messes up peoples ' buildings . This is more like art , " said Willis J. Matthews , 66 , a house painter . He has been hired over the years to buff over graffiti on some of the same Summerhill buildings the artists painted . Jerome Nelson , 50 , manager of a local restaurant , likewise said he had covered graffiti in the past , but would be happy to see more murals . "  It makes you want to take care of your ` hood a little better now . You know , if you 're constantly waking up every morning -- seeing the same old thing that 's been here for years -- you think that 's how it goes . But a change brings on new things , " he said . ` What we 're doing is extremely political ' As part of its conference , Living Walls hosts parties , lectures and a bike tour of the newly minted walls . The project has not been without controversy . Two of the pieces created last year were subsequently painted over because of complaints . In one case , neighbors objected to nudity . In the other , some thought the image looked demonic . "  After those two , I realized that what we 're doing is extremely political , " said Monica Campana , 30 , co-founder of Living Walls . This year , she said she warned artists their work could be short-lived . They were asked to submit sketches ahead of time , but no subject was off limits . "  Whatever you decide to do , it has to be part of this area , " Campana said she told the artists . Apparently , none minded . The French artist Roti , who did one of the murals that got covered , came back to paint again this year . He worked on a so-called recycled wall , a space previously painted by another artist . "  I love the ephemeral aspect of street art or graffiti . I do n't believe that things should stay put , " said Campana . "  Even though it sucked that we had to lose two walls , it 's like Roti says , those two walls had beautiful lives . They were short lives , but they were very intense lives . They did what they needed to do and they made people think , " she said . "  It created a dialogue . " Roti , whose first name is Pierre , comes from a graffiti background and continues to work in that medium . He declined to give his last name because he said some of what he does is not legal . Unlike some Summerhill residents , Roti , 24 , sees little difference between graffiti and murals . He aims to provoke in either case . "  Graffiti 's a sport . They 're just taking it to a whole new level , " said Campana . Like this story ? Like CNN Living on Facebook Is there interesting art on the streets of your town ? Tell us all about it in the comments below .	Twenty artists are in the city to paint 20 murals as part of the Living Walls project The artists aim to transform everyday surfaces into colorful spaces for storytelling Two murals from last year sparked controversy and were covered "  It 's beautiful where it used to be desolate . It brings everything alive , " says one neighbor
TIME.com  -- Did you have a nasty case of food poisoning this year ? Chances are that fruit or vegetables were the culprit . Every year , one in six Americans gets sick from food , 128,000 people are ill enough to go to the hospital for their symptoms , which typically include nausea , vomiting and diarrhea . Major food recalls and reports of food-related illness seem to be a monthly , if not weekly occurrence , with a bout of illness from contaminated ground beef reported just this week . Over the last three days , Whole Foods Market recalled batches of its Whole Catch Wild Alaskan Sockeye Salmon , and Sprouters Northwest of Kent , Washington , recalled 1953 pounds of alfalfa , clover , brocco sandwich sprouts , and spicy sprouts due to potential contamination with Listeria . Taking a closer look at the problem , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released a comprehensive report detailing the common sources of foodborne illness in the United States from the years 1998 through 2008 . The largest culprit ? Leafy greens . Based on data from nearly 4,600 outbreaks of food illness , researchers estimated the number of cases attributable to 17 different food categories and found that produce accounted for 46 % of cases . Leafy vegetables such as spinach and cabbage were responsible for the majority of the illnesses , and most were caused by norovirus , which is spread to produce from water contaminated by fecal matter . TIME.com : FDA proposes major regulations for food safety Although contaminated meat and poultry triggered fewer illnesses , they accounted for the most deaths -- at 19 % -- from listeria and salmonella infections . In the last ten years , there have been three major listeria outbreaks linked to sliced processed turkey , and salmonella was responsible for the most recent sickness among several people who consumed kibbeh , a Middle Eastern dish with raw meat , from a restaurant in Detroit . Despite the findings , the CDC says that people should n't avoid eating fruit and veggies . "  When properly cleaned , separated , cooked , and stored to limit contamination , fruits and vegetables safely provide some essential nutrients that would otherwise be lacking in most American diets , " the report authors write . The goal of the report , in fact , is n't to scare consumers but to aid regulatory agencies in their efforts to prevent contamination and improve food safety . Although the report does n't pinpoint where along the production chain food gets contaminated , the CDC says its previous research found most infections are caused by norovirus that is spread by sick food handlers . In a report on foodborne norovirus outbreaks during 2001 to 2008 , the CDC found over 80 % of outbreaks were associated with food prepared in commercial settings like restaurants , delis , or catering businesses . TIME.com : Illnesses from imported foods on the rise Health officials hope the timing of the report brings more attention to needed changes in how food is handled and processed in the United States . The CDC 's report follows the Food and Drug Administration 's recently released food safety rule proposals earlier this month . The FDA released two major requirements for improving food safety for public commentary , and will be holding a public meeting on the rules at the end of February . The draft proposals -- the first in 70 years -- will allow the FDA to take on a preventative rather than reactive role in dealing with food contamination . One of the rules focuses specifically on produce , which the CDC found is the main cause of foodborne illness in the United States . The FDA proposal will require strict standards for growing , harvesting , packing and holding fruits and vegetables as well as increase sanitation for irrigating fields and washing produce and strengthen rules for maintaining worker hygiene . It will also increase surveillance for materials used in soils like fertilizers and manure , provide better management of animals that enter crop fields , and improve cleanliness of processing equipment . TIME.com : Illnesses from salmonella , e. coli rose in 2010 Health officials hope the reports lead to substantial changes in food handling that will translate into fewer outbreaks of foodborne illnesses , which they , say , are largely preventable . This story was originally published on TIME.com Veggies to blame for majority of foodborne illnesses	CDC researchers find produce accounts for 46 % of illnesses Most were caused by norovirus , which is spread via contaminated water Contaminated meat and poultry account for the most deaths , CDC says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- American U2 reconnaissance planes have been flying over the Turkey-Iraq border to observe military movements , said three U.S. military sources Wednesday . A Turkish army convoy heads toward the Turkey-Iraq border on Monday . Word of the flights comes a day before top-level meetings between U.S. and Turkish government officials and prior to a regional conference aimed at easing tensions between Ankara and Kurdish rebels across Turkey 's border with Iraq . Turkey -- which shares its Incirlik air base with U.S. forces -- is a key member of NATO and acts as a vital conduit for U.S. military supplies . Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell confirmed Wednesday that U.S. military and intelligence communities are sharing information with Turkey to help them fight members of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , who have made cross-border attacks . See location of key U.S.-Turkish air base " "  We are assisting by supplying them , the Turks , with intelligence , lots of intelligence , " said Morrell . "  There has been an increased level " of intelligence sharing . Turkey has urged Washington to offer more support against the rebels and Ankara has threatened to launch a full-scale offensive if Iraqi and Kurdish officials fail to neutralize the PKK . U.S. and Iraqi diplomats have been working to restrain Turkey from such a response . Recent limited fighting in southeastern Turkey has spilled into northern Iraq . During operations near the border on Monday , Turkish forces fired on suspected rebel positions . Watch Turkish helicopters fire on rebels " On Thursday , U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is set to meet with Turkish officials in Ankara and President Bush holds talks in Washington with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . Also , a conference of regional officials , including Iraq , is scheduled Thursday and Friday in Istanbul . Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki has joined efforts to ease cross-border tensions . Mottaki met in Iraq Wednesday with his Iraqi counterpart , Hoshyar Zebari , and Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . Mottaki 's involvement prompted him to delay a scheduled visit to Lebanon , according to Iran 's Islamic Republic News Agency , which quoted Iranian Ambassador to Lebanon Mohammad Reza Sheibani . Iran 's foreign minister is offering his "  full support " to the regional conference in Istanbul , said a statement from al-Maliki 's office . The statement also said Mottaki wants to help "  solve the border crisis between Turkey and the PKK . " Earlier this month , proposed legislation in the U.S. Congress prompted Turkey to threaten to restrict U.S. access to Turkish airspace or cut off access to the air base at Incirlik . Some lawmakers wanted a vote on legislation that would have officially declared that the killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks in World War I was "  genocide . " Turkey recalled its ambassador to the United States and warned of repercussions in the growing dispute . Sponsors of the congressional resolution have asked for a delay in the vote . E-mail to a friend	"  Increased level " of intelligence sharing with Turkey , says Pentagon U2s observing military movements amid tensions between Turks , Kurd rebels Turkey has threatened full-scale attack on rebels ; U.S. relies on Turk air base Bush , Rice to meet with Turk officials ; Iranian diplomat meets with Iraqi PM
CNN  -- Authorities say they have made an arrest in the case of a Georgia college student missing since last month . Police at Middle Georgia State College arrested and charged Robert Kane Rolison , 17 , with one count of murder in the disappearance and death of Jmaal Malik Keyes , who was last seen on April 25 and reported missing on April 29 . Rolison was arrested at his home Thursday night . Both were students at the school in Cochran , Georgia . Campus Police Chief Shawn Douglas said Friday that authorities were searching for the body of Keyes , a 19-year-old freshman from Atlanta . Rolison is from Hawkinsville , Georgia , and police describe him as a dual-enrolled high school/Middle Georgia State student . The suspect is now in custody at a Bleckley County , Georgia , facility . Rolison and Keyes knew each other , and Rolison gave Keyes a ride to a convenience store the day Keyes went missing , Douglas said . The chief is not commenting on a motive and said he does n't know of any prior conflict between Rolison and Keyes . "  We are absolutely devastated by this news , " said John Black , the college 's interim president . "  There just are no words to describe how deeply hurt we are and how terrible we feel for Jmaal 's family . I wish to convey my heartfelt condolences to everyone in his family , and everyone who knew Jmaal . " At-a-glance : Still missing in the U.S.	Both the victim and suspect went to Middle Georgia State College Authorities are still looking for the body of Jmaal Malik Keyes , 19 "  We are devastated by this news , " college president says
Syria 's opposition urged the United States to provide arms to rebel groups in a Thursday meeting with Secretary of State John Kerry at the U.S. mission to the United Nations . "  The US commitment of military support ... is vital , but it needs to happen fast , and in a way that allows us to defend ourselves and protect civilians , " a statement from the Syrian National Coalition . "  To deny us the right to self-defense is to risk that the regime will survive : thousands will be executed , the repression will continue without end . " The session between Kerry and coalition President Ahmad Jarba in New York City came as the United Nations announced more than 100,000 people have been killed in the Syrian conflict . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called for a peace conference to stop the violence on both sides . "  We have to bring this to an end , " Ban said in remarks before his meeting with Kerry . In addition to the deaths , Ban noted that "  millions of people have either been displaced or become refugees in neighboring countries . " A State Department official said Kerry and Jarba agreed that a "  political solution is the best path forward " in the conflict . "  Secretary Kerry reiterated the ongoing commitment of the United States to helping end the bloodshed and suffering of the Syrian people , " the official said . The conflict Syria is wracked by a civil war in which a government dominated by minority Alawite Muslims is squaring off with rebels dominated by Sunni Muslims . This May , the United Nations reported that more than 1.5 million had fled for other countries because of the violence , while 4 million more had been displaced within Syria . Yet many remain , whether by choice or necessity , amid the bloodshed . And -- as has happened very day for more than two years -- more of them died Thursday . A car bombing rocked a square in Jaramana , which is about 5 kilometers southeast of Damascus , according to both opposition activists and state-run media . The attack left 17 dead and tens more injured , according to the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Syrian state TV put the death toll at 10 , with 70 others wounded , blaming the blast on an al Qaeda branch operating within its borders . Jaramana has a mostly Christian and Druze population known for backing the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . The Local Coordination Committees in Syria , a network of opposition activists , reported at least 50 died nationwide on Thursday , including 19 in Aleppo province and 18 in and around the war-torn Middle Eastern nation 's capital .	The U.N. 's secretary-general calls for an end to the violence U.N. : Death toll in Syria tops 100,000 An opposition group reports at least 50 deaths nationwide Thursday
CNN  -- U.S. immigration officials , testing controversial new protocols that give them discretion to "  administratively close " immigration cases instead of taking them to court , have recommended that about 14 % of the nearly 12,000 cases reviewed thus far be closed , allowing those people to remain in the United States . Of the 11,682 immigration cases reviewed in two test cities -- Baltimore and Denver -- officials have recommended closing 1,667 cases , provided they pass a final background check . The Department of Homeland Security cautioned the numbers are preliminary , and do not reflect the ultimate number that will be closed . "  For a variety of reasons , including the results of background checks , the final results of the pilot programs will likely differ from these preliminary numbers , " Department of Homeland Security official Kim Baronof wrote in a memo obtained by CNN . If the 14 % were to hold consistent for the 300,000 cases pending before the immigration courts , approximately 42,000 immigrants would bypass the courts and be permitted to stay in the United States . The Obama administration has touted the use of "  prosecutorial discretion " as "  smart and effective immigration enforcement , " saying it will allow undocumented aliens to stay in the United States in special cases . Immigration officials who make the decisions must consider a long list of factors , such as whether the undocumented immigrant served in the U.S. military , has roots in the community or serves as care provider for a person in need . Prior administrations used similar discretion in vetting cases , Obama administration officials have said . But critics call the program a "  backdoor amnesty program , " saying the administration is trying to accomplish through executive fiat what it could not accomplish legislatively . "  If these results play out nationwide , tens of thousands of illegal immigrants will benefit and tens of thousands of Americans will find it harder to get jobs . How can the Obama administration justify granting work authorization to illegal immigrants when so many American citizens do n't have jobs ? " said Rep. Lamar Smith , R-Texas , chairman of the House Judiciary Committee . The administration said the new policy gives immigration officials guidelines on which immigration cases to pursue , with the highest priority being on people who pose a danger to public safety or national security , or who are egregious immigration law violators . But the program is still in its infancy , and will face questions from both supporters and opponents , including why there is a discrepancy in approvals in Baltimore , where about 9.7 % of the cases were administratively closed , and Denver , where 16 % were closed . DHS told Congress it will brief congress members once the pilot program is completed .	Pilot program looks at effect of new protocols on immigrants in two cities Of 11,682 immigration cases reviewed , officials recommend closing 1,667 cases Department of Homeland Security says pilot program 's results are preliminary
CNN  -- The announcement that Chicago , Illinois , will not host the 2016 Olympic Games took the hopeful wind out of many in the Windy City . Dreams of hosting the 2016 Olympics were dashed for many Chicagoans . But for others , the news was welcome . But for almost half of the city 's dwellers , the International Olympic Committee 's decision was winning news . A spokeswoman for No Games Chicago , a grass-roots organization opposed to hosting the Olympics , said she was "  relieved " by the vote Friday in Copenhagen , Denmark . Chicago 's Olympic fever , spotty as it was , broke abruptly when the city was the first of four final contenders to be knocked out of the running . The prospective host cities had been whittled down to four finalists -- Chicago ; Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ; Tokyo , Japan ; and Madrid , Spain . The bid went to Rio de Janeiro , making it the first South American city to host the Olympic Games . Chicago had been seen as a front-runner in recent days , especially after it sent to Copenhagen America 's biggest guns -- President Obama and his popular wife , Michelle -- for a last-minute sales pitch . But a poll taken by the Chicago Tribune and CNN affiliate WGN revealed in early September that 45 percent of the city residents did n't want the Olympic Games . And 84 percent of Chicagoans objected to the idea of public money being used to support the effort . Earlier this week , about 250 Olympic-bid protesters gathered in front of City Hall , WGN reported . A sign in the crowd read : "  Have the audacity of nope . " Many who gathered for the bid slapdown were affiliated with No Games Chicago , which sent three delegates to Copenhagen to state their case . After the vote , however , spokeswoman Francesca Rodriguez said No Games Chicago is "  in no way taking any pleasure in this " and feels "  sympathy " for those who are disappointed . "  In reality , Chicagoans who were for the Games and those who were against them were committed to the same goal : Working hard for what they thought would be best for the city of Chicago in the coming decades , " she said . "  We 're glad that the city wo n't now be burdened by the distraction of the Olympics at the expense of improving Chicago 's schools , transportation , parks and the numerous other public policy initiatives on which the city needs to be focused . " Those who believe the Olympics can bring lasting change to a city -- beyond the spike in economic activity during the event -- are often misguided , suggested economist Rob Baade of Lake Forest College in Lake Forest , Illinois . "  There is no reason to expect that the Olympics , or any mega-event , is going to induce a sustainable boost in the economy , " he said . "  The cost overruns are pretty legendary . Costs are generally understated and the gains overstated . " One Web site set up to rally against bringing the Olympic Games to town relied as much on humor as it did reason . Its name : Chicagoans for Rio 2016 . The site showcased unflattering head-to-head comparisons , such as "  Naked people dancing " vs. "  Chubby people eating . " The increasing budget deficit in Chicago was contrasted with a $ 0 total for Rio . "  If you 're a Chicagoan , Rio 's budget deficit does not matter , " the site said . "  It would be exciting to host the Olympics here in Chicago . But you know what would be even better ? Rio de Janeiro , " the site announced . "  Just let Rio host the 2016 Olympics . We do n't mind . Honest . " Wish granted .	For about half of Chicago 's dwellers , losing out on the Olympics is welcome news Olympic opponents prefer the city 's focus to be on schools and other needs About 250 anti-Olympic protesters rallied outside Chicago 's City Hall this week Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , wins bid , making it the first South American host city
CNN  -- The Syrian Foreign Ministry said Monday the country has chemical or biological weapons , but would never use them against its citizens -- only against foreign attackers . "  Any stocks of  weapons of mass destruction  or any unconventional weapon that the Syrian Arab Republic possesses would never be used against civilians or against the Syrian people during this crisis at any circumstance , no matter how the crisis would evolve , " ministry spokesman Jihad Makdissi told reporters . "  All the stocks of these weapons that the Syrian Arab Republic possesses are monitored and guarded by the Syrian army . These weapons are meant to be used only and strictly in the event of external aggression against the Syrian Arab Republic , " he said Monday . The United States called for Syria to never use the weapons and keep them safely stored . "  I think we 've been absolutely clear where we stand on this issue , which is that any possible use of these kinds of weapons will be completely unacceptable , " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said . "  Any talk about any use of any kind of a weapon like that in this situation is horrific and chilling . The Syrian regime has a responsibility to the world , has a responsibility first and foremost to its own citizens to protect and safeguard those weapons . " Makdissi 's remarks come after months of international chatter about whether foreign countries should intervene militarily to try to end more than a year of bloodshed in Syria . Another 175 people were killed around the country Monday , 90 of them in and around Damascus , opposition groups reported . The dead included 25 people whose bodies were found in the Damascus neighborhood of al-Berzeh , the scene of heavy fighting between rebel forces and government troops , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists . Another 24 bodies were found in the suburbs of the capital , the group said . The LCCC and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights also said several inmates were killed at a prison in Aleppo as guards tried to put down a days-old protest there . The LCC said nine prisoners were killed , while the London-based Syrian Observatory said 7 were killed and 16 wounded . CNN can not independently confirm reports of violence because the government restricts access by foreign journalists . Meanwhile , the Arab League will offer Syrian President Bashar al-Assad "  a safe exit " if he resigns quickly and leaves the country , a senior Arab League official said , marking the latest attempt to get Syria 's longtime ruler to step down . The official provided no further details because the source is not authorized to speak to the media . Qatari Foreign Minister Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al-Thani did not discuss an exit plan when speaking with reporters after the Sunday meeting , but confirmed "  there is an agreement on the need for the swift resignation " of al-Assad . "  We call on the opposition and the Free Syrian Army to form a government of national unity , " Sheikh Hamad said . Despite the Arab League 's proposal , the brutal violence has not let up . At least 30 people were killed Monday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . See images of the showdown in Syria The Arab League would not be the first to offer an outlet for al-Assad . Tunisia -- the cradle of the Arab Spring uprisings and the first country last year to oust its longtime ruler -- offered asylum to the Syrian president in February in an attempt to spare further bloodshed . And the daughter of Qatar 's emir has suggested exile in Doha , according to a cache of e-mails leaked to CNN earlier this year . If al-Assad were to leave , he would follow a series of longtime rulers in the region who have succumbed to popular revolts since last year , including former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , deposed Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi and former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh , who stepped down in a transfer-of-power deal . Rime Allaf , an associate fellow at the Chatham House in London , said she thinks Syrians opposed to al-Assad are split on the notion of a "  safe exit " for the president . "  Some may want a way to save as many lives as possible , so if he leaves without prosecution , then so be it , as they think the matter of most urgency now is saving the Syrian people , " said Allaf , a Syrian national . "  Others say it is impossible to let him leave . Not only would it let him get away with thousands of murders and the destruction of the country , but it also would give him a green light to keep on doing what 's he 's doing , knowing that when he decides to leave , he can leave . " Read more on preparing for al-Assad 's exit But Allaf said she thinks there is "  absolutely zero " chance that the president will take up the Arab League 's offer . "  I think Assad does not plan on ever accepting any possible plans for escaping or leaving , " she said . "  I think he will keep on fighting , hoping the revolution will stop . " The Syrian government has long maintained that "  armed terrorist groups " are fueling violence in the country . Responding to a question about clashes in Damascus , Makdissi said , "  We are in a state of self-defense . " But he later added , "  This is an exceptional matter . It will last a couple of days , and matters will return to normal . " On Monday , chaos ensued in cities across the country , opposition activists said . In Homs , two people were killed "  due to intense shelling by helicopters and rocket launchers , accompanied by intense clashes between the  rebel  Free Syrian Army and the regime army , " the LCC said . The LCC reported fierce clashes for a second day in Aleppo , Syria 's largest city and commercial hub . In a video posted online Sunday , the head of the rebel Free Syrian Army in Aleppo announced an operation "  to liberate the city of Aleppo from the rule of the Assad thugs , whose hands were blood-stained by heinous crimes against our people . " Brig. Gen. Abdel Jabbar Al-Obeidi also vowed to secure Aleppo and protect all minorities and sects , including the members of Alawite sect that the president belongs to . If rebels eventually gain control of Aleppo , it would mark a pivotal point in the Syrian crisis and deal a heavy blow to al-Assad 's financial ties . The Syrian crisis started in March 2011 , when a fierce government crackdown against protesters morphed into a nationwide uprising against the regime . Video : How does Assad survive in Syria ? The United Nations estimates more than 10,000 people have been killed since the crisis began more than 16 months ago . But Rupert Colville , a spokesman for the office of the U.N. high commissioner for human rights , said the United Nations has not been giving out overall death toll numbers since December "  because it became impossible to verify the numbers in any meaningful way . " Opposition groups tracking deaths have issued higher tolls . The LCC , for example , estimates more than 16,000 people -- mostly civilians -- have died . In addition to the deaths , thousands of refugees have fled Syria into neighboring countries to escape the turmoil . The three border crossings between Iraq and Syria were opened Monday to Syrian refugees , an Iraqi government spokesman said . "  The border guards , police and border provinces were guided to provide all the needed support to the Syrian refugees , " Ali al-Dabbagh said in a written statement . The United States will give Jordan $ 100 million in special economic aid to help ease the burden of hosting Syrian refugees , the U.S. Embassy in Jordan said Monday . Read More : Why Syria could get even uglier CNN 's Mohamed Fadel Fahmy , Salma Abdelaziz , Schams Elwazer , Raja Razek and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : The opposition says at least 175 people had been killed across Syria on Monday The U.S. calls the potential use of chemical weapons "  completely unacceptable " Iraq opens border crossings to Syrian refugees Arab League offers Syria 's president "  a safe exit " if he quickly resigns , leaves country
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- He would surely make history . But would Sen. Barack Obama 's election as America 's first black president transform the nation ? Obama says yes . "  The day I 'm inaugurated , the country looks at itself differently . And do n't underestimate that power . Do n't underestimate that transformation , " Obama told the crowd Friday at the National Urban League convention in St. Louis , Missouri . The Democrat from Illinois was answering a question about the racial polarization in America . Obama said "  race is still an enormous factor in our society . But economics can overcome a lot of racial division . " The Democratic presidential hopeful also said that action , rather than high-minded discussions , is the way to end racial inequality . Obama said "  if we 're doing the right thing and making sure that our young people are going to school , that they 're getting good jobs , that they 're starting businesses , that they 're living in thriving neighborhoods and communities , that will do more to lessen racial tension , division and conflict than any set of roundtables and blue ribbon commissions are going to do . " Two of Obama 's main Democratic rivals , Sen. Hillary Clinton , D-New York , and former Sen. John Edwards , D-North Carolina , also spoke about racial inequality during the Urban League convention . Clinton told the crowd that she rejects "  a conversation about 1.4 million young men as a threat , as a headache , or as a lost cause . I reject the conversation about 1.4 million disappointments , failures , and casualties of a broken system . That is not who these young men are . I believe it is long past time for a new and different conversation . It is time for America to begin a conversation about 1.4 million future workers , entrepreneurs , taxpayers , community leaders , business executives . " Edwards addressed affirmative action , saying "  I would ensure that my administration was a representation of what affirmative action can be . I would make sure that my administration looks like America , and I mean , from the top to the bottom , all the way through the administration . " Edwards continued , saying "  I would ensure that judges that I appointed to the federal bench and justices nominated to the United States Supreme Court believed in real equality and believed in the concept of affirmative action . " Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D-Ohio , also spoke at the National Urban League convention , but no Republican candidates came to the presidential forum . Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee met with members of the league at a gathering Thursday night . This is the second forum with a large African-American crowd that the Democratic candidates attended this month . All of the Democrats showed up in Detroit on July 12 for the presidential forum at the NAACP convention . Black voters are crucial to the Democratic Party . "  Nearly nine in 10 blacks vote Democratic , making them the most reliable Democratic voting block in the country " said CNN Pollster Keating Holland . And they 'll play an important role in picking the next Democratic presidential nominee , especially in South Carolina and Florida , two early primary states . In CNN 's most recent polls , Clinton and Obama are running neck and neck among black voters nationally , though Clinton was well ahead in South Carolina . But it 's still early and many voters have n't made up their minds . "  I 'm not feeling that at this point either candidate would be that much of a difference " says Amy Johnson , an undecided black voter in New Orleans , Louisiana . E-mail to a friend	Barack Obama : "  The day I 'm inaugurated , the country looks at itself differently " Illinois Democrat would be first black president if elected Hillary Clinton and Obama neck and neck in polls of black voters
CNN  -- Europe 's leaders warned 2012 was likely to be tougher than 2011 , when spiralling borrowing costs forced political change in Italy and Spain and threatened the survival of the euro . In a sombre address on national television Nicolas Sarkozy , president of France , said the gravest crisis Europe has faced since the second world war "  is not over " and Angela Merkel , German chancellor , told German voters "  next year will no doubt be more difficult than 2011 " . The euro crisis in 2011 forced borrowing costs higher for Italy and Spain and led to the dismissal of Silvio Berlusconi 's centre-right government in Rome and the fall of the Socialist administration of JosÃ © Luis RodrÃguez Zapatero in Madrid . It also undermined sentiment in the euro which had a second consecutive year of losses against the dollar and fell to its lowest level in a decade against the yen . Speaking on national television on Saturday , Ms Merkel said Europe was experiencing its "  harshest test in decades " but would ultimately be made stronger by the crisis . Mr Sarkozy , who is facing a tough re-election campaign later this year , said French voters were more anxious at the end of the year than they were at the beginning . "  This extraordinary crisis , without doubt the gravest since the second world war , is not over ... you are ending the year more anxious for yourselves and your children . " Europe 's political leaders will begin talks later this month to amend the intergovernmental pact agreed by all 27 members of the European Union , except the UK , at a summit in Brussels last month . Mr Sarkozy and Ms Merkel are due to meet on January 9 to discuss a series of amendments to the proposals , including the creation of a "  road map " for commonly-issued eurozone bonds in a new European treaty on fiscal discipline . The state of Italy 's public finances were at the centre of Giorgio Napolitano 's New Year address . The president of Europe 's third-largest economy urged Italians to make sacrifices to rescue the country 's public finances . "  Sacrifices are necessary to ensure the future of young people , it 's our objective and a commitment we can not avoid , " he said . "  No one , no social group , can today avoid the commitment to contribute to the clean-up of public finances in order to prevent the financial collapse of Italy . " Italy , the world 's third-largest bond market , is seen by many investors as the barometer for the eurozone debt crisis and faces a crucial opening to the year with auctions of more than â ‚ ¬ 100bn in the first quarter alone . Mario Monti , the new prime minister of Italy , said in his end-of-year address last week that Italy had hauled itself back from the "  edge of the precipice " but he said more needed to be done to reform labour markets and the service sector to restore competitiveness to the stalling economy . In Greece , Lucas Papademos , the new technocratic prime minister , also warned of a difficult year ahead . "  We have to continue our efforts with determination , so that the sacrifices we have made up to now wo n't be in vain , " he said in a televised address on Saturday .	French president said the gravest crisis Europe has faced since the second world war "  is not over " German chancellor told German voters "  next year will no doubt be more difficult than 2011 " The president of Europe 's third-largest economy urged Italians to make sacrifices Spiraling borrowing costs forced political changes in Italy and Spain , and threatened the euro
Washington  CNN  -- Toyota engineers found an electronic software problem that caused "  sudden unintended acceleration " in a test vehicle during pre-production trials , according to a company engineering document obtained by and translated for CNN . The 2006 document , marked "  confidential , " recounted the results of an adaptive cruise-control software test in a model internally designated the 250L , a vehicle later sold as the Lexus 460 in Japan and Europe . The document says a "  fail-safe overhaul " would be needed for another model in production , internally designated the 180L , which the company says was later sold as a Toyota Tundra . Toyota insists that the document shows no such thing , and it continues to deny that any sudden unintended acceleration in any of its vehicles was caused by electronic systems . But three translations of the report , including two commissioned by CNN after Toyota 's objections , found that engineers raised concerns that the adaptive cruise control system would start the car moving forward on its own . Read the original document and English translations here "  The cruise control activates by itself at full throttle when the accelerator pedal position sensor is abnormal , " states the document , written in Japanese , translated into English . Software glitches were an early suspect in the rash of reports of sudden , unintended accelerations reported in Toyota vehicles in 2010 , some of which caused severe accidents and several fatalities . But both Toyota and the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration concluded that electronics were not at fault , instead blaming bad floor mats , sticky accelerator pedals and , in some cases , driver error . Toyota has never conceded that an electronics or software problem could be responsible in any way for sudden acceleration in its cars and trucks . "  This looks like an example of electronics causing a car to suddenly accelerate , " said Michael Pecht , director of the CALCE Electronics Products and Systems Center at the University of Maryland . Pecht , a mechanical engineering professor , was assigned to look into the sudden acceleration of Toyota vehicles as a consultant for Congress . He said the document should have been included in any investigation , and he questioned why it was n't shared with the NHTSA , NASA -- which assisted the highway safety agency 's review -- and Congress . Toyota said it did not share the document with the NHTSA because "  the test and the document had nothing to do with unintended acceleration , or a defect , or a safety flaw of any kind . " Toyota electrical engineer Kristen Tabar said the sequence described in the test memo "  takes place in a fraction of a second . " "  This is a case where the vehicle is under test , " said Tabar , a manager at the Toyota Technical Center near Ann Arbor , Michigan . "  Again , we input an abnormal signal . The vehicle reacts appropriately to that signal and releases the brake , just as we would expect it to do and want it to do . This has nothing to do with sudden unintended acceleration at all . " Toyota says that the test vehicle "  did not physically move forward " and that the experiment led to "  an adjustment and refinement " of the cruise control before it went into production . The issue has never occurred in any Toyota vehicle sold , the company said . The company says the document was meant to alert other engineers to the pre-production problem , so lessons learned could be shared . Neither the test vehicle nor the adaptive cruise-control system cited in the document have been sold in the United States , Toyota said . The engineering document was originally provided to CNN in Japanese , with an English translation  PDF  . When Toyota complained about what it said were inaccuracies in the original translation  PDF  , CNN retained a Tokyo-based translation house with expertise in automotive and technical matters to independently retranslate the document . That translation backed up the first , finding that Toyota engineers recorded a "  sudden unintended acceleration " in the 250L 's adaptive cruise control , which was designed to slow the vehicle if sensors detected an object ahead and accelerate the vehicle when the obstacle clears . But Toyota again said the translation was inaccurate  PDF  . "  The exact translation is not ` sudden unintended acceleration , ' " said Tabar , who does not speak Japanese . "  This is a test referring to adaptive cruise control , so the literal translation is , ` it can begin or start by itself , ' which is consistent with what you would expect from a cruise control , or in this case , an adaptive cruise control system . " When Toyota argued that both translations were in error , CNN commissioned a third translation  PDF  by another firm in the United States with expertise in automotive and engineering translations . According to the third translation , Toyota 's engineers stated that a test was conducted on the 180L "  to prevent the accelerator malfunction that caused the vehicle to accelerate on its own " in an earlier test of the 250L . Despite multiple requests , Toyota did not provide its own translation of the document . Neil Hanneman , an independent automobile safety engineer based in California , examined all three translations of the document at CNN 's request and concluded that in 2006 , Toyota did in fact have an electronics issue . "  This is a tangible , repeatable , fixable issue that they 've identified in this vehicle , " Hanneman said . "  It 's related to software issues , which is something Toyota has said is infallible in their systems . " Another analyst who reviewed all three translations , Clarence Ditlow , reached a similar conclusion . "  What the memo tells me is that there was an electronic problem that caused unintended acceleration in an earlier-model Lexus -- the 250 -- and they wanted to avoid the same problem occurring in the 180 , " said Ditlow , the executive director of the Center for Auto Safety , a watchdog group founded by Ralph Nader . "  And they identified a failure mode . " But Toyota officials said that in this instance , engineers "  intentionally and artificially produced an inappropriate sensor signal as a test of the electronic failsafe system . " Toyota said that the test "  merely identified an unacceptable electronic sensor sensitivity threshold " and that the vehicle did not physically move during the test . Toyota spokesman John Hanson emphasized that the problem was fixed before the vehicle was put into production . He called the document obtained by CNN "  evidence of Toyota 's robust design process . " In a letter to CNN , Toyota said , "  It is ironic and disheartening that a document that is actually evidence of Toyota 's robust vehicle design and pre-production testing to ensure safety is the apparent centerpiece for CNN 's broadcast . " Read the full letter  PDF The Toyota and NHTSA conclusions on the cause of the 2010 rash of unintended acceleration problems in the U.S. were backed up by the National Research Council , an arm of the National Academy of Sciences . In a January 18 report , the research council called those findings legitimate but warned that the NHTSA could face difficulties in examining increasingly complicated electronic systems unless it adds more electronics expertise to investigation teams . In 2011 , motorists reported 331 incidents of sudden acceleration to the NHTSA , according to data compiled by Safety Research and Strategies Inc. , a consulting firm that has in the past advised consumers who have filed lawsuits against Toyota . Safety Research and Strategies has recently filed a lawsuit in federal court seeking documents and videos of one such incident , in a 2004 Prius .	Translated Toyota report describes a cruise-control system test Experts say the translated report describes a software problem The company denies electronics are responsible for sudden acceleration
CNN  -- He 's no Beyonce , but Michael Cera can still pull off a surprise album release . The "  Arrested Development " star released an 18-track album titled "  True That " which features instrumental compositions and some vocals . Cera is no novice when it comes to music : He 's sung backup vocals and played some on a Weezer track and jammed with the indie rock group Mister Heavenly . The Daily Beast called it "  a mix of instrumental tracks , lovely ballads and solemn covers " and compares  perhaps tongue-in-cheek  his project to Beyonce 's surprise album . The Daily Beast 's Amy Zimmerman asks : "  So is there any difference at all between Michael Cera 's true that and BeyoncÃ © 's BeyoncÃ © ? " She answers her own question . "  Honestly , not really . In ` What Gives , ' Cera samples what appears to be a child 's voice , which is a blatant attempt to rival Blue Ivy 's vocal stylings on ` Blue . ' ` Sexy Danger ' has all the wild , sensual energy of ` Drunk in Love , ' but with absolutely no words ! " His "  Superbad " costar Jonah Hill tweeted his support of the project saying "  My great friend Michael Cera not only is a brilliant actor , he also makes great music . " Cera 's album is available for download on his site . Netflix : Stay tuned for more ` Arrested Development '	The album has 18 tracks Jonah Hill tweeted about it One writer compared it to Beyonce 's album
Ronney Jenkins can not be sure whether chronic traumatic encephalopathy is clawing through his brain tissue right now , but he suspects that it is . After all , he fits an emerging portrait of people diagnosed with the disease : a former professional football player who took lots of hits to the head -- a couple knocked him out -- and a life off the field that has begun to unravel . "  My mood has changed , " said Jenkins , 36 , a soft-spoken former running back who played for several teams , including the San Diego Chargers . "  Sometimes I think I 'm going crazy . " Jenkins began to suspect CTE several years ago when an uncharacteristic dark mood and , occasionally , deep anger began to bubble up at unexpected times . "  I 'd be talking to a cousin of mine , disagree with him , and I 'd just want to do something to him , " Jenkins said . "  I do n't know why I had those thoughts , but I wanted to hurt him . " Jenkins can not shake the feeling that these and other symptoms he has add up to CTE , but he will never be sure . The only way to diagnose CTE is after death -- by analyzing brain tissue and finding microscopic clumps of an abnormal protein called tau . "  The problem is , people are diagnosing CTE clinically all over the place , " said Robert Stern , professor of neurology and neurosurgery at Boston University School of Medicine . "  There is no framework to make that diagnosis while someone is alive . " Stern and his colleagues want to change that . He is co-author of a new study that is beginning to describe what the disease looks like during life . The study , published Wednesday in the journal Neurology , suggests that when CTE symptoms emerge at a young age , players more often exhibit behavioral and mood problems , whereas symptoms that begin later in life tend to show up as memory and thinking problems . Family members and loved ones of 36 athletes -- 29 football players , three professional hockey players , one professional wrestler and three boxers diagnosed with CTE after they died -- were quizzed about , among other things , the nature of the players ' CTE symptoms and when they appeared . A tale of two former NFL players -- and their brains According to those family reports , 11 players in the group first struggled with memory and decision-making , at an average age of 69 . Twenty-two players first exhibited mood and behavior problems like depression and hopelessness or violent , explosive behavior . Those players tended to be younger when they died , an average age of 51 . Three players did not display any symptoms before being diagnosed with CTE . It is too early in the research to know why some symptoms crop up early and others later -- and why the symptoms seem to diverge , or not show up at all , depending on the player . One theory among scientists is that where and how the damage manifests in the brain matters . For example , tau , which tends to be peppered in particular areas of the brains of people diagnosed with CTE , could damage brain tissue at different stages of the disease , depending on the person . "  There is no specific order of changes in CTE ; it 's on a case-by-case basis , " said Stern , who is also the co-founder of the Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy . "  It could be that some people have more initial changes to  brain  areas that are more responsible for mood and aggression and impulse control . " Symptoms could also be explained by other changes in the brain , associated with repetitive brain trauma , that have nothing to do with tau or CTE . Junior Seau had brain disease that comes from hits to head "  This disease remains somewhat mysterious in terms of exactly what its causes are and how it 's expressed , " said Dr. Julian Bailes , co-director of the NorthShore Neurological Institute and a CTE researcher , who was not involved in the current study . But Bailes says this study , though small and not generalizable for all cases of CTE , adds to current knowledge about the disease . For example , the data did reveal other interesting patterns , particularly related to genetics . The study participants with CTE were more likely than people without the disease to express the APOE gene , which is associated with slower recovery and worse cognition after traumatic brain injury ; it 's also associated with later development of Alzheimer 's disease . Stern and his colleagues know that their study sample is skewed : People who tend to donate a loved one 's brain to be studied for CTE also tend to suspect a problem . And there is no formula for how many hits  or what type of hits  tip the balance toward symptomatic disease . There has also been no examination of what role things like steroids or body weight may play . Even with those caveats , Stern is confident that "  eventually , clinicians will have the ability to diagnose the disease during life . " In the meantime , former players like Jenkins are left in a fight against time and the progression of whatever brain disease their concussions may have wrought . "  I 'm paying attention to things more , " he said , "  and I 'm more worried about my health . " In the meantime , researchers of many disciplines are scrambling to define a disease that 's definition is elusive at best . "  For perspective , Alzheimer 's disease was first described in the first decades of the 1900s , and we still do n't have the ability to diagnose it definitively during life , " Stern said . "  It still ca n't be cured , prevented or even slowed down . " Both Jenkins and Stern hope that for CTE , it will not be that long . NFL Players Association , Harvard planning $ 100 million study	CTE has been seen in brains of athletes who have taken a lot of hits to the head CTE can be diagnosed only after death , but a new study begins to describe symptoms Athletes with the disease exhibit behavioral and mood problems , as well as memory issues
CNN  -- Nigeria 's president Goodluck Jonathan has suspended the national soccer team from international competition for two years after their dismal performance at the World Cup . Nigeria came bottom of Group B at the tournament in South Africa , losing to Argentina and Greece before drawing with South Korea . Now president Jonathan has dissolved the Nigerian Football Federation and removed the "  Super Eagles " from the international circuit , meaning sanctions could follow from soccer 's governing body FIFA . Nigeria 's Sports Minister Ibrahim Isa Bio confirmed the decision in an interview with CNN . "  The government has taken a decision we believe is in the interests of Nigeria that we should for now , withdraw from international competition because our football since 1996 seems not to be growing , " he said . "  The government spends a lot of money to encourage football in Nigeria and we need to go back to the drawing board the way Ghana did two years ago . "  The president Goodluck Jonathan has endorsed this decision and the Nigerian people are excited about it . "  They are not happy with the performance -LSB- in the World Cup -RSB- and the Nigerian people believe the right thing to do is start all over again . We have informed FIFA of our intentions . " Earlier , Mr Isa Bio 's spokesman , Olukayode Thomas , told CNN : "  Nigeria is a sovereign state and has the right to take a decision aimed at improving the nation . It 's a decision that was taken by all Nigerians . We ca n't stand back and watch our football decline because of FIFA rules . " Thomas said an interim body has been established in the wake of the football federation 's demise , and that new elections would be held shortly to appoint new officials . CNN anchor Pedro Pinto said the decision was also based on Nigeria 's performance at the African Cup of Nations , as well as their organization of the under-17 World Cup . FIFA rules prevent governments from interfering in the running of national football federations , and on Wednesday president Sepp Blatter warned France on a similar issue . FIFA told CNN they had no official information on the matter , but that their "  position regarding political interference in football is well known . " Fulham midfielder Dickson Etuhu , who played every game in Nigeria 's World Cup campaign , told CNN he was stunned by the decision . "  I 'm so shocked at the moment I do n't know what to say or how to react , " he said . "  Obviously there 's a lot of things that are n't right in Nigerian football , it should be doing a lot better than it is . I do n't think banning us is going to help . "  With us coming out of the World Cup the way we did obviously there will be meetings about that because no-one will be happy . "  For me and the other players , no international football for two years is not something we 'll be happy with because we all love playing for our country . I do n't know how that 's going to go down . "  You could say it 's a bit extreme banning us for two years , but every country has a different way of handling their affairs and we have to respect the decision the president has made . "	Nigeria 's president Goodluck Jonathan has suspended the national soccer team Decision taken in response to Nigeria 's poor performance at the World Cup Government says it wants to rebuild the national football federation A spokesman for the sports minister says decision has approval of all Nigerians
CNN  -- After more than 12 hours stuck at sea , passengers aboard a whale-watching boat off the Massachusetts coast reached shore and safely docked in Boston on Tuesday morning , the Coast Guard said . The 163 people aboard the Cetacea found themselves stuck after a line got tangled in the vessel 's propeller Monday afternoon , the Coast Guard said in a statement . The 83-foot boat was about 13 miles  21 kilometers  east of Nahant , Massachusetts . On Tuesday morning , the line entangling the propeller was released , Coast Guard Petty Officer MyeongHi Clegg said . The boat docked at the Long Wharf in Boston , Clegg said . Three Coast Guard crews had been on the scene , with one vessel offering medical support as needed . Clegg said two people had become sick , but their illnesses were not considered serious . Coast Guard members and Boston Harbor Cruises conducted checks to ensure the boat 's safety before it headed back to shore , Clegg said . The Coast Guard vessel Tybee helped escort the boat .	NEW : The stranded boat safely docks at the Long Wharf in Boston The boat was 13 miles east of Nahant , Massachusetts It got stuck after a line tangled in its propeller
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama commemorated Monday 's 20th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act by signing an executive order to increase government employment of disabled people . "  Not dependence but independence : That 's what the ADA was all about , " Obama said at a White House reception attended by several hundred guests , including Cabinet members , legislators and activists for the disabled . The law , which President George H.W. Bush signed July 26 , 1990 , is credited with smashing barriers and creating opportunities for the disabled in a nation where more than 3 million people 15 and older use wheelchairs . It prohibits discrimination against disabled people , guaranteeing them equal opportunity in employment , transportation , government services and other areas . Although some critics say the act can be burdensome , costly and an overextension of the government 's authority over the private sector , others say it could be stronger . The executive order signed by Obama calls for strategic planning , mandatory training and other steps to increase federal hiring of people with disabilities . In addition , Obama said , the Department of Justice was publishing rules to prohibit disability-based discrimination by state and local governments as well as private businesses . He called the 1990 law "  one of the most comprehensive civil rights bills in the history of this country " and cited examples of people who faced discrimination for their disabilities or overcame them . "  When told you ca n't , you responded with that age-old American creed , ` yes , we can , ' " Obama said ; applause and cheers greeted his 2008 campaign theme . The outdoor commemoration featured a presentation in sign language by actress Marlee Matlin , who starred in the film "  Children of a Lesser God , " and musical performances by Nathaniel Anthony Ayers , the subject of the film "  The Soloist , " and Patti LaBelle . Also Monday , Democratic Rep. James Langevin of Rhode Island , who is a quadriplegic , became the first person in a wheelchair to preside over the House of Representatives . Langevin , who was paralyzed as a teenager , credits the community support he received after his injury with inspiring him to go into public service .	President Obama celebrates the Americans with Disabilities Act He signs an executive order to increase federal hiring of disabled people Several hundred guests attend the White House event
TEGUCIGALPA , Honduras  CNN  -- The head of the Organization of American States said Friday he has found no willingness among leaders of Honduras ' interim government to return President Jose Manuel Zelaya to power . OAS Secretary General Jose Insulza doubts Honduras ' new leaders will restore ousted President Jose Zelaya . "  They have , for the moment , no intention of reversing the situation , " Secretary General Jose Miguel Insulza told reporters . He said he had reached that conclusion after speaking Friday with members of the Supreme Court , among others . Insulza also rejected assertions by the interim government that the change in leadership was not really a coup d'etat . "  I do n't know what else you would call it when a group of military take a president out of power and sends him to another country , " he said . At the end of Insulza 's comments , Deputy Foreign Minister Marta Lorena Alvarado said Honduras is willing to withdraw from the OAS . "  If the Organization of American States does n't deem Honduras worthy of membership of the Organization of American States , then Honduras would renounce , with immediate effect , the inter-American charter . " Vice Chancellor Martha Lorena de Casco also said Honduras was ready to leave the OAS , which she called a political organization rather than a tribunal of justice . "  Honduras will defend its sovereignty , " she said in a televised response . Zelaya was ousted in a military-led coup Sunday and sent to Costa Rica in his pajamas . The same day , the Honduran Congress voted to install Roberto Micheletti as interim president . That sparked international condemnation , with the OAS on Tuesday passing a resolution calling for Zelaya 's reinstatement by Saturday and threatening to suspend Honduras from the group . Zelaya has said he will return this weekend with presidents of other OAS member countries , despite Micheletti 's vow to have him arrested for violating the country 's constitution if he does so . On Friday , thousands of people assembled in front of the presidential residence in Tegucigalpa , where Micheletti praised the armed forces for their efforts and offered a different version of events . "  We must tell the world that there was no coup d'etat here , " he said , his voice hoarse . "  It was n't a coup ! It was n't a coup ! " He promised that the nation would revert to a democracy , but did not say when . "  Here , in front of Honduras and the entire world , I guarantee we will have free elections , as soon as we decide when , " he said . Micheletti has promised not to run in elections slated for November . "  You may choose any candidate from any party , " he told the crowd . "  I want to tell you that I am governing for all political parties . I am governing for the poor , for the businessmen , for the rich , for the children and for all the people of Honduras . " Though the two sides appeared far apart , a compromise might be possible , said Jennifer McCoy , an Americas expert at the Atlanta , Georgia-based Carter Center . "  The options are that neither side backs down and that President Zelaya shows up tomorrow and the police are there waiting to arrest him . " If Zelaya returns accompanied by international figures , the result would be "  awkward , " she said . McCoy added there could be "  some kind of compromise , including mutual guarantees . " One such scenario -- Zelaya 's promise not to pursue legal action against the coup plotters in exchange for their agreement to step aside and not to pursue his Cabinet ministers who are in hiding . McCoy praised U.S. President Obama for supporting Zelaya without qualification . "  By taking the principled stand for democracy that he took in this case in favor of a government that is an ally of Venezuela , he did not let politics intervene . This is a change from the previous administration , " she said . McCoy was referring to the tacit U.S. approval that was given to the coup that in 2002 briefly toppled leftist Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , who has been a consistent U.S. critic . "  It helps to recuperate the pro-democracy credential of the United States in this hemisphere , " she said . Meanwhile , Amnesty International accused the new government Friday of intimidating media workers . "  Recent reports suggest that journalists who have published news stories on the crisis or covering the issue of protests and scores of detentions have been intimidated , " it said . "  Prosecutors have also reported threats on account of their attempts to verify human rights abuses during protests . " At the center of the dispute was a referendum that Zelaya had vowed to carry out last Sunday even after the country 's supreme court and congress declared it would be illegal . The nonbinding referendum could have opened the door to the creation of a constitutional assembly to modify the country 's charter . Opponents accused Zelaya of having sought to rewrite the constitution to allow him to run for re-election . Zelaya denied that was his intent . However , international support for the new government has been virtually nonexistent . On Thursday , the European Union announced that all its ambassadors had left Honduras . Also Thursday , the U.S. State Department said it was suspending some aid programs to the country . Earlier , the U.S. military , which has trained Honduran forces for years , postponed some planned exercises with the Honduran military until the situation in the country settles down . Zelaya narrowly won the presidency in 2005 with 49.8 percent of the vote to 46.1 percent for Porfirio "  Pepe " Lobo . After 18 years of nearly uninterrupted military rule , Honduras returned to civilian control in 1981 . Since then , the military has not seemed interested in holding power in the nation of more than 7 million people , about 70 percent of whom live in poverty . Military interventions were once common in Latin America , but civilian governments have held sway since the 1980s . Before Sunday , the only other barracks revolt this decade was the unsuccessful 2002 coup attempt against Chavez , when the military displaced him but backed down days later and allowed his reinstatement . CNN 's Karl Penhaul contributed to this report .	OAS head doubts Honduras ' interim leadership will restore ousted President Zelaya Vice chancellor : Honduras prepared to withdraw from OAS Zelaya vows to return to country despite arrest threat
CNN  -- The author of a now-retracted study linking autism to childhood vaccines expected a related medical test to rack up sales of up to $ 43 million a year , a British medical journal reported Tuesday . The report in the medical journal BMJ is the second in a series sharply critical of Dr. Andrew Wakefield , who reported the link in 1998 . It follows the journal 's declaration last week that the 1998 paper in which Wakefield first suggested a connection between autism and the measles , mumps and rubella , or MMR , vaccine was an "  elaborate fraud . " The venture "  was to be launched off the back of the vaccine scare , diagnosing a purported -- and still unsubstantiated -- ` new syndrome , ' " BMJ reported Tuesday . A prospectus for potential investors suggested that a test for the disorder Wakefield dubbed "  autistic enterocolitis " could produce as much as 28 million pounds  $ 43 million U.S.  in revenue , the journal reported , with "  litigation driven testing " of patients in the United States and Britain its initial market . Among his partners in the enterprise was the father of one of the 12 children in the 1998 study that launched the controversy , the journal reported . In 2010 , after a lengthy investigation , British authorities stripped Wakefield of his medical license , and the Lancet -- which published his original study -- retracted the paper . He has denied any wrongdoing , and a vocal contingent of advocates for children with autism continues to support him . Wakefield did not immediately respond to a request for comment from CNN . But in an interview on an internet radio site Tuesday , Wakefield again defended his research and called the BMJ series "  utter nonsense . " He said the patent he held was not for a test or an alternative to the MMR vaccine , as BMJ reported , but an "  over-the-counter nutritional supplement " that boosts the immune system . And he blasted allegations that he used the cases of the 12 children in his study to promote his business venture . "  The children were not exploited , " he said . "  They were seen because they were sick . They had clinical referrals . They came to us . We responded to a crisis . " He also repeated his attack on the author of the BMJ report , freelance journalist Brian Deer , whom he has accused of being paid by the pharmaceutical industry . In financial disclosure forms , Deer has stated that he has received no such payments . Dr. Max Wiznitzer , a pediatric neurologist at Rainbow Babies and Children 's Hospital in Cleveland , said that if true , the latest BMJ allegations would indicate a major ethical breach . "  Assuming the facts Deer lays out are correct , it is disappointing that Wakefield in his book casts aspersions on others for all their purported conflicts of interests and failures of disclosure , yet does not examine the same issues in himself , " Wiznitzer said . "  Therefore , those who are trying to objectively evaluate the situation have up to this point not been given all the facts . " BMJ reported the business venture failed to launch after Wakefield 's superiors at University College London 's medical school raised concerns in 1999 about a "  serious conflict of interest " between his research and the company formed to launch his new product . "  This concern arose originally because the company 's business plan appears to depend on premature , scientifically unjustified publication of results , which do not conform to the rigorous academic and scientific standards that are generally expected , " a letter stated . But the university offered him a year 's paid absence and help in replicating his original research with a larger group of 150 children in the name of "  good scientific practice . " The follow-up study never occurred , and no other research has duplicated Wakefield 's original findings , BMJ reported . He left the university in 2001 , and BMJ quotes his former boss as saying the school "  paid him to go away . " The BMJ pieces are a series of investigative reports , not a clinical study . The journal 's editor-in-chief , Fiona Godlee , said last week that of the 12 children Wakefield examined in his 1998 Lancet paper , five showed developmental problems before receiving the MMR vaccine and three never had autism . According to BMJ , Wakefield received more than 435,000 pounds  about $ 674,000  from lawyers trying to build a case against vaccine manufacturers -- a serious conflict of interest he failed to disclose . Most of his co-authors abandoned the study in 2004 , when those payments were revealed . The now-discredited paper panicked many parents and led to a sharp drop in the number of children getting the vaccine that prevents measles , mumps and rubella . Vaccination rates dropped sharply in Britain after its publication , falling as low as 80 % by 2004 . Measles cases have gone up sharply in the ensuing years . In the United States , more cases of measles were reported in 2008 than in any other year since 1997 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . More than 90 % of those infected had not been vaccinated or their vaccination status was unknown , the CDC reported . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	Dr. Andrew Wakefield expected his test to be used in ` litigation driven " cases , BMJ says Tuesday 's report is the second in a BMJ series sharply critical of the researcher Wakefield has denied any wrongdoing and attacked the author of the series Wakefield 's paper linking vaccines to autism has been retracted
At just 21 years old , Yityish Aynaw has gone on a remarkable life journey from a little girl playing barefoot in an Ethiopian village to an Israeli beauty queen who 's ready to shine on the world stage . Last February , the stunning 21-year-old grabbed international attention after becoming the first woman of African descent to be crowned Miss Israel at the country 's beauty pageant . "  To be first , you have all the attention focused on you and I have to represent my whole ethnic group because through me they see the models , " says Aynaw , who will represent Israel at the next Miss Universe contest . "  Through me they see and discover our whole ethnic group . " Read this : Darfur 's amazing street fashion Aynaw was born in Chahawit , a small village in northern Ethiopia , near the city of Gondar . Her father died when she was young and when she was just 12 years old she lost her mother to a painful illness . Heartbroken , she arrived in Israel with her brother to live with their Ethiopian Jewish grandparents . "  The journey was , I think , what saved me , " she says . "  Because I was deeply hurt and I wanted to escape from Ethiopia and forget everything that had happened and get on with it , " she adds . "  I wanted to break away from everything and go on . " While still a child , Aynaw was suddenly faced with a new language , a new culture and all the rest of challenges that come with starting a new life in a foreign country . Like the estimated 125,000 Ethiopian Jews who have gone in waves over the years to Israel , Aynaw experienced the same struggle to assimilate into her new environment . But Aynaw threw herself at it , not shying away from all that her adopted country expected of her , including mastering Hebrew and serving in the Israeli army after school . "  It is three of the most significant years in my life , " says Aynaw about her time in the military . "  There I learned a lot about myself ; there I developed , " she adds . "  I was a girl of 19 and the army gave me structure . " Read this : The African beauty empowering women After finishing her army service , Aynaw started working as a sales clerk in a clothing store . Tall and beautiful , she long had her eye on becoming a model but she never thought about taking part in a pageant . Instead , it was a friend of hers who entered her name into the Miss Israel competition . "  We were always laughing about it , " says Aynaw , who also goes by the nickname Titi . "  I 'd not registered during the time of my studies because I was really busy -- the army is the army , I could n't . So when I ended she said to me ` you have got no more excuses and I am going to register you . ' " Her win in February changed her life instantly . Within a matter of weeks , her name and image were splashed across newspapers and websites , both in Israel and abroad . The publicity also caught the attention of one of her heroes : Aynaw was invited to an exclusive state dinner for Barack Obama in honor of his first visit to Israel as U.S. president . "  This was an incredible moment , " she says . "  He was a figure that I want to emulate . I did a project on him in school and I knew what he had been through and what he had done . He was like a mentor for me , so to meet him and say hello , it was like closing a circle . " Aynaw says she had never expected something like this would happen to her . "  Suddenly I thought about the little girl who had suffered and the little girl whose only dream was to run and play the whole day . The pain I went through ; I saw it all , " she says . Read this : Designer takes African colors to America 's Deep South As the first ever black Miss Israel , Aynaw is seen by some as a beacon of hope that racial prejudice is beginning to fade away in the country . Aynaw says that she 's never been the victim of racism but adds that there have been instances where friends of hers have been treated differently because of the color of their skin . "  I am aware of the feeling , even if it did not happen to me , " she says . "  I know it -LSB- racism -RSB- exists in the country and the whole world , " adds Aynaw . "  It is something that has to be dispelled . " A pained little girl who has turned into a strong young woman , Aynaw is now hoping to carve out a successful career in fashion and also serve as a role model for her community . And although her future seems set to be filled with glamorous days , Aynaw says ultimately her formula for a happy life rests on one thing . "  I have always dreamed of having a big family , a big house and a lot of kids , " she says . "  I want to give my kids the experience I never had . That is my great dream . "	Yityish Aynaw , 21 , is the first woman of African descent to win Miss Israel pageant She moved to Israel aged 12 after the death of her parents Aynaw served in the Israeli army before a friend entered her in the competition She met Barack Obama at a state dinner in honor of his first visit to Israel as president
TITUSVILLE , Florida  CNN  -- It 's shortly after 5 a.m. when the phone rings , and on the line is a clearly anxious and worried parent . Sierra Journey Factor , 8 , has a muscular disease that her mom , Shaylene Akery , hopes can be treated in China . "  Sierra is having a lot of problems tonight , " Shaylene Akery tells a CNN producer . "  We have to take her to the hospital , but we still want to talk to you about her trip to China . " Her daughter , Sierra Journey Factor , is 8 years old and has a terminal disease called Type 2 spinal muscular atrophy , a genetic disorder that affects parts of the nervous system that control voluntary muscle movement . In addition , she has a restrictive lung disease and a kidney disorder . She has used a wheelchair since infancy . Sierra 's mother , her stepfather and her biological father , A.J. Factor , all know that Sierra is seriously ill . On the morning we met them , Sierra was treated at two hospitals before she was stabilized . But the family is convinced of their next step -- taking Sierra on an arduous trip to southern China , where they believe the little girl will be injected six times with stem cells during a 34-day stay . It 's the kind of treatment not yet approved in the United States by the Food and Drug Administration . Sierra 's treatment will cost $ 26,500 , which does not include the cost of travel and living for the extended family . Those costs would mean an additional $ 25,000 , according to Akery . Watch more on the quest for a stem-cell cure " "  We are really walking into this blindfolded , " Akery said . "  It 's scary , but everybody says it 's so nice over there . " The family says it got most of its information from a Web site called China Stem Cell News , at stemcellschina.com , which boasts of dozens of anecdotal testimonials from loved ones who say their children or family members showed improvement after the stem cell treatments . The site offers no scientific evidence and no means of making contact except through a Web form . CNN used the form , but as of yet has received no reply . Stem cell therapy is routinely performed at clinics in China . When CNN correspondent John Vause reported on one stem cell therapy clinic near Beijing in December , the clinic refused to release its records or put its cases forward for peer review . The International Society of Stem Cell Researchers and the FDA discourage Americans from traveling overseas for stem cell therapy . But clinics are operating worldwide -- many in China , and several in Russia , Latin America and Mexico . "  We do not encourage patients to seek therapies overseas that are not FDA-approved in the U.S. , " an agency spokesman said in an e-mail to CNN , "  as the products or therapies have not undergone the agency 's rigorous review . " The ALS Association is one group especially concerned . Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is a terminal illness also known as Lou Gehrig 's disease , named after the baseball legend who most famously suffered from it . There are no accurate numbers , but ALS Association officials say dozens , perhaps hundreds , of ALS patients have traveled to China and other locations seeking relief . CNN asked Dr. Lucie Bruijn , the senior vice president for research and development for the ALS Association , whether stem cells offer meaningful treatment for ALS . "  No , it 's definitely not true , " she said . "  Certainly you hope that the answer from an ALS clinician who is knowledgeable ... -LSB- will be -RSB- , ` There are things that are promising but we do n't have anything to offer you now . ' " That statement is at odds with promises posted on a relatively new Web site run by an 80-year-old Florida doctor named Burton Feinerman , who says he 's been conducting stem cell therapy for three years . His site , Stem Cell Regen Med , at stemcellregenmed.com , says it can offer treatment for a long list of life-threatening diseases , including ALS , Parkinson 's , Alzheimer 's , cancer , brain damage and lung illnesses . It is not the program to which Akery intends to take her daughter . Feinerman says he and a partner work out of a clinic in Lima , Peru , where they offer stem cell therapy injections at a cost of $ 8,000 to $ 25,000 . "  Is n't what you 're doing experimenting on people ? " CNN asked Feinerman . "  Yes , " he said , "  and people are fully aware . " "  And charging them large amounts of money to do these experiments ? " asked CNN . "  The amount of money is large , " Feinerman replied . "  But it basically is pretty close to my cost . " Feinerman , who said he was a cosmetic dermatologist in Hawaii before moving to Florida , also said he is no expert on stem cells . "  I have trained at the Mayo Clinic and have been practicing medicine for over 50 years , " he said . "  But you never trained in stem cell research ? " asked CNN . "  No , " Feinerman replied . "  But you 've gone to some conferences , self-taught , right ? " CNN asked . "  Right . That 's true . " "  And now you 're basically taking people from the United States to other countries because the procedures ca n't legally be done here ? " "  That is right , " Feinerman said . "  But I am the organizer , so to speak . I am the person who does an enormous amount of reading and visiting . Putting protocols together that appear to work in other countries . " Feinerman said his expertise comes from extensive reading on the subject , and attending international conferences on stem cell research , sometimes as many as six a year . He spoke to CNN just hours before , he said , he was heading to Peru to treat three more Americans with life-threatening illnesses . In a statement issued after the interview , Feinerman said , "  We are not selling snake oil , but our scientific approach to diseases that are not available in the USA . " Meanwhile , at the Arnold Palmer Children 's Hospital in Orlando , Florida , the family of 8-year-old Sierra Journey Factor were more convinced than ever to take their child across the world to China for a treatment they conceded is not a guarantee of a cure . The science director of the Fight SMA organization , Chris Lorson , told CNN there is no proven stem-cell treatment for the disease . "  If you go there and nothing happens , will you still think it was worth it ? " CNN asked Akery . "  Yes , " Akery said . "  Because we can still say we tried . "	Stem cell injections are offered at various clinics worldwide Therapy is not approved for use in the United States One 8-year-old 's treatment in China will cost $ 26,500 American doctor who provides treatments in Peru says he is self-taught
London , England  CNN  -- The governing body of world football , FIFA , has turned down the request from the Irish Football Association  FAI  to replay their deciding World Cup play-off game against France . The controversial match , that was played on Wednesday , has caused a diplomatic storm after French forward Thierry Henry admitted to illegally using his hand to set-up the goal that gave his team a 2-1 aggregate victory to seal qualification to the tournament . But despite a letter sent to FIFA by the FAI , and calls from both the Irish prime minister Brian Cowen and Irish justice minister Dermot Ahern for the game to be replayed , the sport 's organizing body has refused the request . In a statement on their official Web site FIFA stated : "  The result of the match can not be changed and the match can not be replayed . As is clearly mentioned in the Laws of the Game , during matches , decisions are taken by the referee and these decisions are final . " Irish football officials lodged an official complaint with FIFA on Thursday and sent a letter to the French Football Federation  FFF  in a bid to get the game reconvened . The world 's worst football injustices "  The governing body of world football have to step up to the plate and accede to our call for a replay , " FAI chief executive John Delaney told reporters . The FAI pointed to a precedent set in 2005 when a World Cup qualifier between Uzbekistan and Bahrain was replayed after the referee was found to have committed a technical error in the application of the laws of the game . But a FIFA spokesman said the precedent did not apply because the referee in the match "  saw the incident in question and simply failed to apply the proper rules " . Irish prime minister Cowen raised the issue with French president Nicolas Sarkozy at a European Union  EU  summit in Brussels , where the two leaders were meeting to vote for the next president of Europe . Cowen told the Irish Independent newspaper : "  I did n't ask for a replay . I said , you know : ` What do you think ? ' and he said : ` Look , I understand totally the sense of disappointment that you feel about the game . I 'm not trying to mix politics and sport in this respect . We just had a chat . -LSB- But -RSB- it 's not going to be resolved by he and I. " Mr Sarkozy , however , said he did not want to get involved : "  I said to Brian Cowen , who is a friend of mine as you know , that I was sorry for them and how I was struck by the talent and vigor of the Irish team . "  Now do not ask me to stand in for the referee of the game or the football decision -- be they in France or in Europe , " he said . "  What will be done will be done . But leave me out of it , please . And to be perfectly frank with you that is the sort of answer I want to give , " he added . Despite Sarkozy 's comments , French finance minister Christine Lagarde said she supported moves for a replay . "  I think it 's very sad . I 'm of course very happy that the French team will play in the World Cup , but I find it very sad that it did qualify with ... you know ... an act of cheating , " she told RTL radio station . The game between France and Ireland was one of six play offs played on Wednesday which decided the final 32 teams heading South Africa in 2010 . Video replays showed Henry used his hand to stop the ball going out of play in extra-time , before he passed to William Gallas who booked his nation 's place with a headed goal . The draw for next year 's finals is due to be made in Cape Town on December 4 .	FIFA turn down a request from the Irish Football Association  FAI  to replay their deciding World Cup play-off game against France FIFA : "  The result of the match can not be changed and the match can not be replayed " French president Nicolas Sarkozy said : "  I was sorry for -LSB- Ireland -RSB- but do not ask me to stand in for the referee of the game " NEW : Former Ireland captain Roy Keane accuses FAI of hyprocrisy in their appeal to FIFA
CNN  -- Actress Kate Winslet appears on the cover of the November issue of Vogue , now on newsstands . She is radiant ; glowing and fairly ageless in that way that , one has come to suspect , only professional photo editing can achieve , although Winslet has objected to digital manipulation of her image in the past . Still , much ado has been made of the fact that Winslet is pregnant with her third child during the shoot -- but it 's impossible to tell . On the cover , only her face is visible ; inside , her body is shrouded in layers of thick fabrics . She looks gorgeous . But pregnant ? Aside from the maternal wrapping of her hands around her nonexistent belly , not particularly . The publishing industry has a history of putting pregnant celebrities on magazine covers and featuring them in fashion shoots . Naturally , these women are made to look flawlessly chic and as comfortable as ever in their skin , two characteristics not typically associated with the very physical nine months of carrying a child . Demi Moore photographed by Annie Leibovitz was , of course , the pioneer of this particular genre of cover modeling when she posed naked -- aside from some giant jewels and an aloof expression -- for the cover of Vanity Fair back in 1991 . It 's an image that 's inspired countless others , with magazines recreating the look since then with celebrities such as Cindy Crawford , Jessica Simpson and Claudia Schiffer . And the bodies keep getting better : At least Leibovitz , or Vanity Fair , let Moore retain a bit of realistic cellulite . But by the time we got to supermodel Miranda Kerr , naked and pregnant in W in 2010 , it was official : Pregnancy is just regular life , albeit with a slightly rounded tummy . And so it goes this month , both with Winslet and with Ivanka Trump , who is seen posing for the cover of FitPregnancy magazine in a dress with a hip-high slit looking both very pregnant and very trim . The cover elicited such raves as "  Ivanka Trump is flawless ! " And indeed she is , enviably , almost impossibly , so . Putting aside the now-standard practice of electronically "  perfecting " already gorgeous women for the purpose of selling magazines , there is something particularly dangerous about depicting pregnant women in such a way . One might argue that these magazines are celebrating a woman 's natural shape during a beautiful time in her life . But is it a celebration ? Or an exploitation ? The fact is that it 's the rare instance in which a female celebrity larger than a size 4 is put on the cover of a magazine , especially a fashion magazine . When she is , it 's often because the magazine is running a "  special issue " -- or because she 's expecting . Or both . In 2003 , for example , Vogue put a pregnant Brooke Shields on the cover for its Shape issue . But pregnancy is n't a shape ; not exactly . It is , however , to hear these magazines tell it -- or , rather , to see them depict it -- pretty damn glamorous . The message : Big is OK when you 're expecting and Photoshopped to glowing perfection : After all , it 's only temporary . Otherwise , forget about it . Consider Elle 's current issue , which features six different cover celebrities as part of its annual "  Women in Hollywood " theme . One is actress Melissa McCarthy , who looks gorgeous in an enormous Marina Rinaldi coat , as the other cover actresses are shown in form-fitting dresses or various states of undress . How come we do n't get to see McCarthy 's bumps the way we do Trump 's ? Of course , women respond differently to pregnancy . Perhaps these female celebrities , who are indisputably genetically blessed , look no different posing pregnant than they do when they 're not expecting . Perhaps , but not likely . What 's likely , though , is the message society is getting : that ease and beauty in pregnancy are the norm . By unequivocally depicting expectant women as beautiful and glowing and ready for a night out in a tight dress , these magazines set up unrealistic expectations for both pregnancy and motherhood , neither of which is easy , beautiful , or picture-perfect , at least not all the time . Proof of shifting expectations has already emerged , and society has indeed come to expect a certain level of beauty from its pregnant stars . Though Kim Kardashian is generally admired for having a body that does not succumb to the Hollywood ideal , she received constant negative press throughout her pregnancy for her weight gain ; for not being , at all times , "  cover-worthy . " People , with the help of the media , seem to forget that pregnant women change shape , and that 's a wonderful , natural thing that need n't be covered up or defended or cloaked in haute couture . It need n't always look perfect , because when is it , really ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Drexler .	Peggy Drexler : Kate Winslet on Vogue is pregnant but it 's impossible to tell Drexler : Pregnant celebs on magazine covers look flawless , skinny with a bump Drexler : It says big is OK only when you 're expecting and Photoshopped to perfection In reality , she says , women change shape and do n't look perfect , and that 's fine
CNN  -- Hours after a plane slammed into her home Karen Wielinski gave an exclusive interview to Buffalo radio station WBEN . This is her account based on that interview . Husband and wife Doug and Karen and daughter Jill were in their house when the plane crashed . Karen Wielinski was watching TV in her home when she heard a plane making an unusually loud noise . "  I thought to myself , if that 's a plane , it 's going to hit something , " she said . Then , Continental Airlines Flight 3407 crashed into the Clarence Center , New York , home , trapping her and her family . "  And next thing I knew the ceiling was on me , " she said . Just before the crash , Wielinski was sitting in the family room watching TV , her 22-year-old daughter Jill was watching TV in the front of the home and her husband Doug had just left the family room to work in the dining room , she said . The Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 , a 74-seat turboprop , was en route from Newark , New Jersey , to Buffalo Niagara International Airport when it went down around 10:20 p.m. ET Thursday . Watch a witness describe what she heard " All 49 people aboard the plane -- 44 passengers , four crew members and an off-duty pilot -- were killed . Karen and Jill Wielinski escaped and were taken to the hospital with minor injuries , but Doug Wielinski was killed . Read more about the victims At first , Karen Wielinski said , she thought the crash was n't real . "  When the ceiling first fell down ... I think the first thing I said to myself was ` Is this real ? Is this reality or am I dreaming something ? ' WBEN : Listen to audio of Wielinski 's interview But then it became all too real . "  I just did n't think I was going to get out of there , " she said . "  I thought ` This is it , ' and kind of panic set in , " she said . "  I just , I did n't know how much was on top of me , so I was panicking a little but trying to stay cool . " That 's when Wielinski noticed a glimmer of light to her right . "  I do n't know if you gain strength when you have to but whatever was on top of me I just pushed off , at least part of it so that I could get out of that hole , " she said . "  I shouted first in case anybody was out there , " she said . "  And then kind of pushed what was on me , part of that off and crawled out the hole . " When she got out of the hole she heard a woman crying and saw the back of her home was destroyed . "  The fire had started , " she said . "  I could see the wing of the plane . " After surveying the disaster she saw her daughter was safe , but hysterically crying . "  From what she 's saying it appeared the attic kind of came down onto where she was , " Wielinski said . "  She could n't get through the windows because of the fire that was there , but she miraculously found an opening and slid out of that . " Immediately after the mother and daughter escaped , Wielinski said her daughter asked where her father was . "  And I did n't know , " Wielinski said . "  I just told her we had to get out of there , we had to get away from the fire , because when I knew it was a plane , I knew that there might be explosions or something . " So both women ran to the back of the yard and up the street to look for their neighbors . When she was asked early on if she had heard news about her husband , Wielinski said no , and she did n't know whom to ask . "  But to me it looked like the plane just came down on the middle of the house , and unfortunately that 's where Doug was , " she said . The women were taken to the hospital with only minor injuries . Wielinski said her arm was in a sling because she fractured her collarbone . She said her daughter escaped with only scratches on her feet . Wielinski grew emotional talking about her husband . "  Oh gosh , " she said , beginning to cry . "  He was just a good person . "	Karen , Jill Wielinski escaped with minor injuries after plane crashed into house Doug Wielinski was killed when plane slammed into the middle of house Mom : "  I just did n't think I was going to get out of there , I thought , ` This is it ' " Mother , daughter both found holes in debris to climb through to safety
CNN  -- He is someone you might want for a son . Except you ca n't adopt him . He 's somebody else 's favorite son . Derrick Rose , raised to be humble , groomed to be great , is Chicago Jr. . The place that gave birth to a bouncing basketball boy is thrilled that the kid , all grown up now , is still living at home . As the human blur of a point guard for the Bulls , Rose could become the team 's first player since Michael Jordan to win the NBA 's Most Valuable Player award . And while Rose may never reach the level of worship enjoyed by Jordan , there 's a certain love for Rose that Jordan never knew . A love only a parent can give . You see it nightly at the United Center , feel it in warm applause , sense it in a basketball season that 's going Chicago 's way . Rose justifies all the fuss with performances that manage to entertain fans and win games , a combination that makes him worth the price of admission alone . Really , what 's not to love about a player with the speed necessary to reach the rim , and an improved outside shot that makes him deadly from 20 feet , and an air of confidence that has him and the city thinking anything 's possible ? Here on the eve of the playoffs , where the Bulls will enter as the No. 1 seed in the East , he 's pumping 25 points a game , good for seventh in the league , which would be fine if that was the whole story . But it is not . He was born in one of the armpits of Chicago , a ` hood that would make Al Capone flinch , a place where kids like Rose do n't need a GPS to find trouble . A quick pair of fists come in handy where Rose comes from , but best we can tell , all he ever beat up were stereotypes . Let 's just say he does n't carry himself in a way society has come to expect from young men raised on That Side Of Town . Ego and me-me attitude ? Oh , sure , he has one . Like any star who makes grown-ups slobber all over themselves , Rose brings a list of demands . A list the size of a postage stamp . And there 's only one item on it : He asks for access to the Bulls ' practice facility at all hours because sometimes the urge to work on his game dawns upon him at the break of dawn . Take last summer . After spending an entire day at his youth camp -- and you do n't know the definition of "  exhaustion " until you 've worked with a few hundred boys with short attention spans -- Rose recuperated by shooting jumpers for a few hours at the team gym . And the season was still months away . "  I just want to win games and be true to my family , team , my teammates and the city , " Rose said . "  They 've all given me so much . " Just recently , on a day off , he drove himself to his old high school to watch a few buddies in a pickup game . Yeah , that sounds exactly like what a famous 22-year-old athlete would do for a thrill in a city like Chicago . "  He had a great time , " said Robert Smith , Rose 's old coach and still the current coach at Simeon Academy . "  It was a big deal to the kids at school but no big deal to him . He 's just that way . " Rose will deliver a magnificent game , for example his 39-point effort against Orlando just last Sunday , and then rave about a screen set for him by a teammate . At the All-Star Game in Los Angeles two months ago , when Lenny Kravitz and a smoke machine introduced each player in a Hollywood-style opening , Rose gently waved and smiled slightly and quickly walked off the stage , looking somewhat embarrassed by the attention . In a sports era where players love to pull their jersey to celebrate a big basket , Rose pulls no stunts . No chest-thumping or fist-pumping or shimmy-shaking . He does not teach anyone how to Dougie . He leaves the screaming to the fans . "  He 's just a grounded guy , " said John Paxson , the Bulls ' executive vice president of basketball operations . "  The things that are most important to him are family and basketball . " If it seems Rose was made for this , that 's because he was . When he began to outplay high school kids at age 7 , the process began in earnest . His mother , a single parent , put her three oldest sons in charge of Derrick . They formed a brotherly shield around him , blocking out all unwanted intrusions , especially the aggressive reptiles known as street agents . At least one brother shadowed him everywhere : to and from school , games , practices and parties . They did n't want Derrick to fall through the cracks , to end up another sad statistic . Or to become an innocent victim like Ben Wilson , the famed Chicago schoolboy who was gunned down decades ago before he graduated from Simeon . "  The manner in which he was raised while he was little gave him a great perspective on life , " Paxson said . Derrick chose to wear Ben 's number , 25 , and continue the slain player 's journey as a tribute . With his brothers ' help , he stayed straight and avoided the most vicious double-team a young player can face : temptation and trouble . Perhaps he was protected too much ; his SAT score was voided over suspicions that someone took it for him . Rose has always denied this , but after taking Memphis to the NCAA title game as a freshman , that season was wiped from the books by the NCAA . Rose went to the NBA where , fate had it , the hometown Bulls awaited . "  I was happy , because there was only one team I really wanted to play for , " Rose said . Not many local players get the chance to start their career , or spend most of it , with the home team . Some of that is merely by chance ; Rose just happened to be the best player in college basketball and the Bulls owned the No. 1 pick in the draft . But some teams are allergic to drafting or trading for locals because they worry about the demands placed on the player : old blood-sucking friends and pressure to play well . When these players fail spectacularly the way Stephon Marbury did in New York with the Knicks , they crumble twice as hard . They 're not locals anymore ; they 're home-groan . "  A lot of these guys did n't grow up in the best areas , and did n't have the best influences in their lives , " Paxson said . "  Sometimes you bring them back to that element , where people are trying to get something from them . Once we delved into Derrick and his family , if there was going to be an element , it would be handled . His brothers are still around and watching very carefully what 's going on . " They 're not the only ones . We 're all watching what 's going on : the early evolution of a star who 's taking his status in stride . The most recent example of a local who became a hometown star was LeBron James spending seven seasons with the Cleveland Cavaliers  LeBron 's from Akron , not Cleveland , but close enough  . And we saw how that turned out . LeBron is welcome in Cleveland like a Steelers Super Bowl trophy . "  One of the things that impresses me about Derrick is he feels the responsibility to be the best , and to carry himself as a great player would , " Paxson said . "  He understands the position he 's in and what 's expected of him from his coaches , teammates , the organization and the community . There are some young players in this league who understand the right way to play the game , who are professionals and who are fantastic role models for this league . He 's one of them . He gets it . " Before each home game , when the Bulls ' starting lineup is introduced , the players are announced by position and where they attended college . With one exception . Rose is also announced as being from Chicago . "  There 's a sense of pride involved , and it teaches something to young people around here , " Paxson explained . "  It 's a story of a guy who did n't grow up with much . With the help of his family , he rose from grim circumstances . That 's something people here need to look at , and also emulate . "	Powell : Chicago native Rose was born in "  a ` hood that would make Al Capone flinch " Rose remains humble : He still lives at home and remains involved in a local youth camp Rose 's only "  demand " : 24-hour access to Bulls ' practice facility so he can work on his game NBA often avoids drafting locals , citing "  old blood-sucking friends and pressure to play well "
CNN  -- Businesswoman Isabel Dos Santos , daughter of long-serving Angolan president Jose Eduardo Dos Santos , is Africa 's first female billionaire , according to business publication Forbes . The 40-year-old 's investments in publicly traded companies in Portugal , including shares in a cable TV firm , as well her assets in at least one Angolan bank , "  have pushed her net worth over the $ 1 billion mark , " said the magazine , known for its annual rich lists . Her first business endeavor was in 1997 when she opened a restaurant in Angola 's capital , Luanda , according to the magazine . Since then , she 's expanded her business interests to a number of industries , sitting on the boards of several Angolan and Portuguese companies . A former Portuguese colony , Angola is the second largest oil producer in the continent . Over the last decade , the southwestern African country has emerged from the wreckage of a 27-year civil war to become one of the continent 's major economic players . Read also : Angola 's post-war generation President Dos Santos , who has been in power since 1979 , has presided over Angola 's post-war economic growth and rebuilding efforts . He won a new term last year when the ruling MPLA party was declared winner of the August 31 elections . Greased by growing oil revenues and China 's credit lines of billions of dollars , Angola 's economy rocketed by an average annual growth of 17 % from 2004 to 2008 before falling to single-digit figures after the 2008 global financial crisis . Read also : Where is Angola 's oil money ? But despite the heady financial data and the progress made since the end of the war in 2002 , Angola still remains one of the most unequal societies in the world . The country , which has a population of some 18 million people , ranks 148th out of 187 countries in the U.N. 's Human Development Index . Read also : Is oil-rich Angola a development success ? Corruption is also prevalent , with Angola ranked 157th out of 176 countries and territories on Transparency International 's 2012 Corruption Perceptions Index . "  Corruption is a major problem and the perception of corruption in Angola by investors is increasing , " says Alex Vines , head of the Africa Program at London-based think tank Chatham House . According to Forbes , Isabel Dos Santos is the biggest shareholder in Zon Multimedia , the biggest cable TV operator in Portugal , owning a 28.8 % stake . She also has a 19.5 % holding at Banco BPI , one of Portugal 's largest publicly traded banks . Forbes said that in Angola , the president 's daughter sits on the board of Banco BIC and is reported to own a 25 % stake in the bank . "  There is nothing wrong with the president 's daughter being a business entrepreneur as long as she 's obtained those contracts in an open and competitive process , " says Vines .	Daughter of Angola 's president named by Forbes as Africa 's first female billionaire Isabel Dos Santos has widespread business interests in Angola and Portugal Angola is Africa 's second-largest oil producer The country is one of the most unequal societies in the world
CNN  "  We 're racist , we 're racist , and that 's the way we like it , " chanted a group of Chelsea football fans as they shoved a black man off a Paris Metro train . Again and again the black passenger attempted to board the waiting train , only to be pushed back onto the platform by a torrent of limbs and hateful words . The man went home to his wife and three children and , having lost his phone in the melee , was initially unaware the incident had sparked a global debate about racism that spilled far beyond the sports stadium . The ugly scene , caught on camera by a horrified onlooker , showed racism is very much alive and kicking -- and it 's not just football 's problem . "  There 's a strand of male culture you see in the UK , and to some extent other Anglo Saxon societies , prevalent among 20 , 30 and even 40-year-olds , which is : you go abroad , you drink a fair amount , you sing songs and engage in banter , and pick on someone who is different to you , " said Piara Powar , executive director of Football Against Racism in Europe  FARE  . "  There 's this pervasive sexism and racism . The idea that ` anyone who is n't like us , we 're going to sing about them and insult them and it 's part of the lad 's day out . ' " It 's a culture absent from women 's football . "  The fastest growing participation sport in the UK , and many countries around the world , is women 's football , " explained Lord Herman Ouseley of football equality group , Kick it Out . "  And I have to tell you we do n't get such incidents in women 's football . Or such incidents in disabled people 's football . But we get it in men 's football . "  It 's part of that lad 's culture and the stick-together mentality that goes with it . And it does n't just have to be on the issue of race . It embodies sexism , homophobia and anti-Islam . " Racism and football have a long relationship , says Powar , pointing to the strong sense of tribalism within the sport . "  English football in particular is rooted in a white , working class community , " he explained . "  When the country started to experience mass migration from the colonies in the 50s , 60s , and 70s , then the racism that was prevalent on the streets and schools and workplaces , was being amplified inside football stadiums . "  And then at some point racism in football stadiums was actually more prevalent than in the streets and schools -- it was more consistent , heard more often , and more virulent . " Football 's "  dark days " of racial abuse in 1970s and 1980s are behind well behind us , he says . Though there is still some way to go in stamping it out completely . "  Even 10 years ago , the chances of an ethnic minority hearing something racially offensive in the football stadium , was commonplace . "  But now I think there 's an acceptance that a line has been drawn , that it 's not acceptable , and that we revere many black players . Chelsea fans themselves voted Didier Drogba , a black player , as being one of their all-time heroes . " Strangely enough , the same Chelsea ` fan ' who shoved the black passenger in Paris supports a team with some of the most talented black players in the league and which has just signed the talented Colombian winger Juan Cuadrado . In recent years football has suffered a spate of high-profile racial abuse cases , notably involving Luis Suarez , who is now at Barcelona and Chelsea captain John Terry . While Liverpool 's Mario Balotelli was racially abused while playing in Italy 's Serie A. Over the last decade , Europe 's governing body UEFA have prosecuted over 120 incidents of racism -- sanctions included player suspensions , matches played behind closed doors , and fines . Back in Britain , the English Football Association created a 92-point Inclusion and Anti-Discrimination Action Plan in 2012 , including confidential hotlines for players to report discrimination , ethnic quotas for referees and coaches , and state-of-the-art cameras to catch racist abuse in the stands . Following the incident in Paris this week , Chelsea has now suspended five people from its home ground Stamford Bridge . Depending on the evidence , they may also be banned from the club for life . "  In England , our stadiums are far safer , they 're better stewarded , there are policing operations which are quite sophisticated , " said Powar . "  And actually some would argue that it 's gone too far . Some would argue that those stadiums are quite sterile , that they lack the passion they once did . " Away from the stadia and away from the Paris Metro another kind of prejudice is in action . Powar estimates that just 3 % of those in professional coaching and management positions are from ethnic minorities . "  The boardrooms are almost exclusively white and male -- and senior administrative positions are the same way , " said Ouseley . "  We 're seeing some progress , but it 's slow . At the start of this season there were no black managers -- now there are five , including one in the premier league . " Queens Park Rangers boss Chris Ramsey is that one black manager in the English Premier League and he insisted blame for the incident in Paris should n't be left at football 's door . "  I do n't believe they are Chelsea fans or fans of football , " said Ramsey . "  I believe they are acting in a manner which we all think is a thing of the past , " he said . "  Those views are intrinsic in everyday life . I 've been saying for a long time these are social issues which manifest themselves in the football world . " And as the incident in Paris showed , racism in football need n't be confined to the playing field .	English football fans make racist chants as they push black man off Paris train Sparks global debate about racism in football and the ugly nature of ` lad culture ' Chelsea bans five people from its stadium following the incident
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  More than 4,600 people dead . More than 9,000 injured . Eight million affected across Nepal . One million children urgently in need of help . Those are the startling numbers that indicate the scale of the devastation from the huge earthquake that struck the Himalayan nation on Saturday . And some of the grim figures are likely to get even worse as hopes of rescuing any more survivors diminish every hour . Heartbreaking scenes of suffering and loss are playing out across this shell-shocked nation as it reels from its deadliest natural disaster in more than 80 years . As the country coped with the fallout of the quake , another natural disaster struck Tuesday afternoon in a popular trekking area north of Kathmandu , and up to 200 people were feared missing as a result of a landslide , a trekking association official said . It happened around 4 p.m. in Langtang National Park , said Ramesh Dhamala , president of the Trekking Agents of Nepal . Laxmi Dhakal , spokesman for Nepal 's Home Ministry , said he was aware of reports about the landslide but was n't immediately able to confirm details . Quake relief efforts continued Tuesday , but officials warned that they were hampered by problems of getting aid into the country and then delivering it to some of the remote communities in desperate need . In Kathmandu , a capital city of shattered temples and toppled houses , some people paid their last respects to loved ones taken by the quake . By the Bagmati River , which winds through the city , more than a dozen funeral pyres burned Monday . As workers stoked the flames for the Hindu cremation ceremonies , some mourners shaved their heads in a traditional show of mourning from children who lose their parents . Alongside their father , two teenage brothers from the Gurung family , Ishan and Iman , said goodbye to their mother , Ishara . "  We never imagined this would happen to us . This much pain , " said Ishan , the elder of the two . Elsewhere in the city , many shaken residents are sleeping in the open . Some have lost their homes , others are afraid to stay in buildings that may be vulnerable to aftershocks . Large encampments of tents have sprung up in open areas , including a wide space belonging to the military in the center of the city that is typically used for parades . One of the grand gates to the field is now just a pile of rubble . Kisnor Raj Giri , a 22-year-old man from Kathmandu who lost members of his extended family in the quake , said he was too scared to return home . He is camping out at the military grounds with thousands of others even though frequent rain has made the nights an ordeal . "  Many people are crying , sharing their hardships , " he told CNN on Monday evening . The elements showed no mercy to the homeless masses on Tuesday as thunderstorms rumbled over Kathmandu . More bad weather is forecast for the region in the coming days . But in one piece of good news , Turkish and Chinese rescue crews helped pull free a 21-year-old man trapped under rubble near a city bus park in a 13-hour rescue operation . Houses and families ripped apart by earthquake The death toll has now climbed above 4,600 in Nepal , officials said Tuesday evening , as rescue and relief efforts continue . Nepal army Lt. Col. A. J. Thapa told CNN 's Sumnima Udas that the first 72 hours after the earthquake is the time when the most lives can be saved . "  This is not the time to rest and lament , " he said . "  This is the time to go out and save lives . " Thapa said an entire military post was lost during an avalanche . "  Remember we are not an outside force that has been parachuted into an area to help , " he said . "  We are victim ourselves . ... Despite the fact that soldiers have their families and houses are down , we are trying to build morale , maintain morale and help themselves . " Thapa said it was fortunate that the quake struck during daylight on a weekend . "  Children were not trapped in big schools somewhere and lot of people were outside because it was daytime , " he said . Dhakal , the Home Ministry spokesman , put the death toll at 4,620 , while Nepal 's National Emergency Coordination Center said the number of dead was 4,727 . Both sources gave the number of people injured as 9,239 . Another 72 people died in India , while China reported 25 deaths . Most of the casualty numbers in Nepal are believed to have come mainly from Kathmandu and the surrounding area . They are expected to climb as information emerges from remote areas . "  We have incomplete information , but we apprehend the death toll will go up , " Nepalese Information Minister Minendra Rijal told CNN earlier on Tuesday . "  We can not say by how much exactly . " The news agency Reuters cited Prime Minister Sushil Koirala as saying that the toll could reach 10,000 and that the country was "  on a war footing " in its rescue and relief work . In a live , televised address to the nation , the Prime Minister said the country had been stunned by the disaster and announced three days of national mourning , starting Tuesday . The government 's first priority is to continue search and rescue operations and relief efforts , he said , as he thanked all those involved . Historic and religious monuments destroyed by the earthquake will be reconstructed in time , he added . At least 90 % of 96,000 Nepali army troops have been deployed in relief and rescue operations , according to Nepal army spokesman Jagadish Chandra Pokharel . More than 15 countries and agencies have already promised help , Koirala said , as he appealed for other nations also to come to Nepal 's aid . Even as international aid pours into the country , overwhelmed hospitals are lacking vital medical supplies , people remain buried in the wreckage of buildings and rescuers are struggling to reach hard-hit rural areas near the quake 's epicenter . "  The biggest problem is reaching these villages , " Matt Darvas , an emergency communications officer for the humanitarian group World Vision , told CNN from Gorkha district , northwest of Kathmandu . Nepal struggles to cope with international aid Nepali Home Ministry Joint Secretary Sagar Mani Parajuli , who is coordinating relief efforts , said government efforts to get aid to remote areas had been hampered by rugged terrain and poor weather , which limits the use of helicopters . "  The helicopters are small . They do n't fly in windy and cloudy conditions . Given Nepal 's geographical terrain , we can not use surface transport much but are using it , " he said . "  We need 150,000 tents and tarpaulins , but we do n't have enough of them . " Jamie McGoldrick , the U.N. resident coordinator for Nepal , told a news conference Tuesday that bringing in relief materials has been difficult because Kathmandu 's international airport , which has just one runway and space for only a limited number of aircraft to park , is log jammed . The United Nations is aware of the request for tents , he said , but is working to procure high quality ones to withstand the expected monsoon rains . Of the 8 million people affected by the quake across 39 districts of Nepal , some 1.4 million need food aid , McGoldrick added . Nepal 's population is about 31 million . At an event in Paris , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expressed his condolences to the people of Nepal and called the humanitarian needs "  huge and urgent . " "  The United Nations is supporting international operations for search and rescue and strengthening relief efforts , " he said . "  I count on the generosity of the international community in Nepal 's hour of need and the longer term rebuilding efforts that will be needed . " A CNN team that joined a Nepalese military helicopter flight to Dhulikhel , a rural area east of Kathmandu , saw extensive damage in the Kathmandu Valley from the air , including many landslides . On landing , the team went to a hospital where all the injured from six surrounding districts are being brought . More than 1,000 people are currently in the hospital -- three times its usual capacity -- so some of the injured are being left out in the streets . Social media posts from Nepal Darvas of World Vision said he had been told of frightening levels of damage in villages in the region surrounding Gorkha district , which is near the earthquake 's epicenter . They included one where 35 out of 45 homes were destroyed and another where 70 % of the houses had collapsed , trapping and crushing the people inside , most of them children and the elderly . Even though aid groups and Nepalese officials are aware of critical situations in areas spread across Nepal 's mountainous terrain , they face daunting challenges getting help to them . "  Some of those villages -- several years ago , before there was vehicle transport -- used to take seven days to reach . Roads are shut now to some of those villages , so we can only imagine how long it will take to get there , " Darvas said Monday . He said injured people who had been airlifted from some remote areas were often suffering from crush injuries , lacerations and dislocations . Looking for missing loved ones in Nepal ? CNN iReport wants to help UNICEF , the U.N. children 's agency , said Sunday that nearly 1 million Nepalese children urgently need assistance . Aid groups and at least 16 nations rushed aid and workers to Nepal , with more on the way . High-altitude rescue efforts have also been undertaken on the difficult terrain of Mount Everest , where the earthquake released deadly avalanches . Four U.S. citizens are among those who died on Everest , according to officials and relatives . Damage to climbing infrastructure on the mountain , not to mention the overall situation in Nepal , means the climbing season is over for the year , climber Jim Davidson told CNN from the Everest base camp , where he was evacuated after spending two days on the mountain . China has canceled all climbs on its side of the mountain , the official news agency Xinhua reported . Are you in Nepal or do you have loved ones affected ? Please share with us if you are in a safe place . How to help the earthquake victims Fast facts on earthquakes CNN 's Ivan Watson and Tim Hume reported from Kathmandu ; CNN 's Jethro Mullen wrote and reported from Hong Kong , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph , Pamela Boykoff , Manesh Shrestha , Sumnima Udas , Kristie Lu Stout , Anjali Tsui , Kunal Sehgal and Ingrid Formanek also contributed to this report .	Death toll in Nepal climbs above 4,600 , officials say , with more than 9,000 injured Shattered villages near epicenter are hard to reach , says aid worker in the area More bad weather is forecast for the region in the coming days
CNN  -- Few have had a bigger influence on today 's musical artists than Michael Jackson . Michael Jackson performs with Usher in September 2001 at Madison Square Gardens in New York City . Younger singers , from Justin Timberlake to Usher and Chris Brown , have emulated his dance moves , his look and his sound . He was , for many , the ultimate performer . " -LSB- His influence -RSB- feels like something that is instilled and embedded in anyone who wanted to create anything musically , " said Marsha Ambrosius , one half of the duo Floetry that wrote the single "  Butterflies . " That single appeared on Jackson 's 2001 "  Invincible " album . "  He will always be the King of Pop , and no one will ever be able to fill those shoes with those shiny socks and that glove , " Ambrosius said . For many of the younger generation , he was the first to not just cross over but explode onto the pop charts from the R & B scene . His phenomenal talent and worldwide appeal made his throne one to be aspired to even as they stood in awe of him . "  If you 're a singer and you do n't want to be like Michael Jackson , something is wrong , " said 19-year-old singer and rapper Sean Kingston , who scored a hit in 2007 with the song "  Beautiful Girls . " "  He 's a huge influence . " Sonia Murray , a longtime Atlanta-based music columnist , said Jackson was for the younger set what James Brown had been for Jackson : an inspiration . "  It was the many dimensions he had as a performer , " Murray said . "  A lot of those artists strive to be all around entertainers . Michael looks to James Brown and Sammy Davis Jr. and for the younger guys , he was the closest thing they had . " His music videos were must-see TV , and aspiring artists learned that it took more than just holding a microphone if they really wanted to make it big . "  He was the total package , " said Gail Mitchell , senior editor for R & B and Hip-hop for Billboard . "  I was talking to somebody the other day about what trends they were seeing , and they said that a lot of the acts these days seem to going back to the whole entertainer thing . " "  It 's not just good enough anymore to lip-synch or program your computer , but some of these newer artists are more concerned about putting on a great show for their fans . " Steve Greenberg , founder and CEO of S-Curve Records , was a disc jokey in Tel Aviv , Israel , when "  Thriller " first dropped and witnessed first-hand how Jackson became an international icon . Greenberg said Jackson "  influenced everyone who has come after him . " "  He 's been around so long that everyone on the contemporary scene has come after him , " Greenberg said . "  His was the first very contemporary , very exciting dance music to emerge after the death of disco . " His was a global appeal , Greenberg said , among fans and artists worldwide . "  He was as big in the Middle East and Southeast Asia as he was in America and Europe , " Greenberg said . "  He had that universality that not many people had . The Beatles had it , Muhammad Ali had it , but not many other people have had it . " His music also crossed genres . He was a favorite of rappers to sample and working with him was a badge of honor in the industry . Producer Dallas Austin worked with him on Michael Jackson 's "  HIStory : Past , Present and Future " and , like the rest of the world , was stunned by his death . "  Michael Jackson was a magical person to work with , " Austin said in a released statement . "  I am saddened by his death . The world wo n't be the same without him . " Even for the most hardcore in hip-hop , there was no shame in admitting love for the King of Pop . "  Michael Jackson has always been an inspiration to me as far as his music is concerned , " Rapper Snoop Dogg told MTV in 2001 . "  You ca n't take nothing from him . " Wyclef Jean released a statement saying "  Michael Jackson was my Musical God . " "  He made me believe that all things are possible , and through real and positive music , he can live forever , " Jean said . "  I love Michael Jackson . God Bless him . " Floetry member Marsha Ambrosius said she felt blessed to have spent two weeks working with Jackson in New York City a few years ago after he fell in love with a song she had written . She had the opportunity to get to know him , not just as a superstar , but as a fun-loving family man who stayed in touch with her even after the project was finished . "  He was one of the most amazing people you would ever want to meet , " she said . "  I can say I worked with the most incredible artist on planet Earth . " CNN 's Shanon Cook contributed to this report .	Michael Jackson 's dance moves , his look were emulated Jackson inspired artists such as Usher , Justin Timberlake and rapper Snoop Dogg Recording CEO : Jackson "  influenced everyone who has come after him "
London  CNN  -- For six years , Eve King worked as a commercial lawyer for a leading London City law firm , complete with its long hours and fat pay check . But after she had her first child eight years ago she felt she had no choice but to swap the lifestyle for that of a stay-at-home mom . "  I gave it up because I knew I could n't be a city lawyer and spend time with my kids , " she said . "  After that I discounted myself because I knew that if I had been out of law for a few years , who was going to be interested in me ? " Today , King is helping to run a company that allows highly qualified former City lawyers to work flexibly from home to fit in with family commitments . Run by an all-woman core team , Obelisk Legal Support , has around 100 lawyers and 250 legal translators on its books . The company was founded in 2010 by Dana Denis-Smith and Charlotte Devlin in an attempt to harness the talents that are lost to the legal profession when women leave after having children . The exodus from the profession is stark . According to the Law Society , there were 25,786 women solicitors in the UK aged 26-35 last year , but only 17,524 aged 36-45 , and 9,622 aged 46-55 . Denis-Smith said : "  At the starting point in their careers , 70 % of lawyers are women , but at partner level just 12 % are women . "  I had seen all these talented people dropping out of the profession around me and had the idea to go back and find out what all these women were doing . "  These women feel they have been forgotten and their skills do n't matter anymore . " She added : "  We have built a business around a skillset that has not been tapped into . We have fantastic lawyers of City caliber who can deliver results . "  We are using people that have disappeared from the market . I 'm keen to challenge the idea that professional women with children should be given work out of sympathy rather than be seen as a fantastic business proposition . " Also on Leading Women : Why women will impact global economy as much as China Obelisk works as a legal outsourcing company , taking on support work for law firms and in-house legal departments . It then distributes the work to the lawyers on its books , who choose how many hours they want to work . Mateja Simic , the company 's marketing director , said : "  This is not a compromise on the part of the lawyer or the client . The client is getting ` top brain ' for their money and the lawyers are totally committed . " The idea has been popular with some top names in the legal profession , who are keen to see the gender imbalance redressed . Helen Mahy , one of only a handful of women General Counsels in the UK , has agreed to become chairwoman of Obelisk 's advisory board when she retires from her job as group company secretary at National Grid next year . She said : "  There 's a hole in the market for somebody like Obelisk to tap a pool of talent that is otherwise being wasted . Nobody else is doing that . " Mahy said everyone in her own team of 100 lawyers at National Grid was offered flexible working , but that was rare in private law firms . "  Most of their staff are willing to flog themselves to death , so  the firms do n't worry  if they lose a few good people , " she said . "  If law firms used a bit of creativity in helping women get back after a career break , it would be a huge benefit to everybody . " Also on Leading Women : $ 800 million biotech business started in a garage Lucy Scott-Moncrieff , president of the UK Law Society , said : "  The situation will only change if the legal sector takes resolute action by investing in specific career development support for women , improving support around maternity transition and addressing the lack of flexible working practices which continues to hinder women 's career development . " While the vast majority of lawyers on Obelisk 's books are women , the firm also welcomes men who want flexible working . The lawyers were on average earning $ 160,000  Â # 100,000  before their career breaks , and are now paid an equivalent hourly rate . "  What do we want to say to our daughters ? " said Charlotte Devlin , co-founder of Obelisk . "  That law is a great profession until you have children ? "	In the UK , the legal profession loses a huge number of women after career breaks City lawyer mothers feel they ca n't balance long hours with child rearing Firm offers flexible home working for former high-flying lawyers Clients benefit from "  top brain " lawyers otherwise out of work , says firm
CNN  Making New Year 's resolutions is easy . Keeping them past January is not . Why ? Because simply resolving to do something is n't enough . You need the means to start on the right path and stay the course . Too many of us set large-scale intentions but fall short on a follow-through strategy . That 's where yoga comes in : the ancient practice can provide the resources and support for a multitude of modern-day lifestyle changes . If you 've set any of the top resolutions -- like being happier , getting healthier or sleeping better -- yoga offers ways to transform your resolutions into lasting reality . And it does n't matter if you 're a seasoned yogi or never stepped onto a mat , you can leverage yoga to realize your most ambitious lifestyle goals . Here are seven popular resolutions and how you can fulfill them with yoga : 1 . Be happier If you want to be happier , your wandering mind is likely your biggest obstacle . According to a 2010 Harvard study , people spend 47 % of their time thinking about things that are n't happening . Understandably , spending half your life lost in thought is considered a major cause of unhappiness . Yoga is a practice based on mindfulness and awareness that emphasizes using your breath to consistently connect to the present moment . It also teaches you how to breathe deeper and use meditative techniques to tap into your parasympathetic nervous system to reduce stress and increase happy hormones . 2 . Get healthier Whether you 're looking to lower your blood pressure , reduce stress or lose weight , studies abound showing the benefits of yoga for these issues . Weight loss is probably the most popular resolution made and broken . Yoga 's overall focus on body awareness and the present moment can help practitioners enhance self control and avoid mindless eating , which are important for long-term success with weight loss . And , although yoga is n't the ideal cardiovascular exercise , certain styles , like Power Yoga and Ashtanga , can increase muscle mass , which burns more calories . 3 . Sleep better Yoga is very helpful in facilitating sleep ! I 've created numerous yoga-based sleep programs for my professional athletes and celebrity clients , whose demanding schedules make sleeping difficult . Using yoga stretches to release tension and enhance blood flow in the abdomen , combined with meditative techniques and diaphragmatic breathing focused on exhaling produces a natural sedative effect in the body . 4 . Make friends If you 're looking to forge friendships , look no further than your local yoga studio ! Studios build their businesses around a sense of community . Most hold events in and out of the studio -- from book clubs to cocktail parties -- to foster relationships among students . Christina Lowden , co-owner of Trinity Yoga in New Port Richey , Florida , says , "  yoga tends to attract like-minded people , so relationships blossom easily while chatting after class or at special events . " 5 . Volunteer more Volunteering is an admirable resolution but it can be surprisingly daunting to find the right organization to donate your time . Let your yoga studio take the guesswork out of volunteering and make getting involved an easier process . Most yoga studios are affiliated with a charity , and often donate time to schools , prisons or shelters . For example , Lowden says her studio recently helped start a facility for homeless and struggling veterans . 6 . Travel If traveling more is one of your goals , yoga can provide the impetus . Yoga retreats take place all over the world , ranging from weekend workshops to month-long immersions . Whether you 're into modest camping trips or five-star luxury hotels in exotic locations , you can find a retreat that 's perfect for you . Check out www.bookyogaretreats.com , which claims to be "  the world 's largest yoga travel site . " 7 . Learn something new Maybe the practice of yoga is new to you . If that 's the case , there 's your resolution ! But if you 've been practicing a while , there are opportunities to expand your knowledge into related subjects . You can explore energy chakras , learn new forms of meditation or even become a yoga teacher . A quick online search will reveal boundless books , courses and certification programs on any yoga-related topic that interests you . And , chances are a studio near you will have a related workshop on their schedule . "  Every January , our studio holds workshops on the yoga philosophy of the Yamas and Niyamas , " says Lowden . "  Being kind , truthful and balanced in life may not be new thoughts , but the reminder of these qualities as the backdrop of a yoga practice can inspire new resolutions . " Regardless of your resolution , if you need inspiration and support to get over the January hump and achieve lasting change , try spending some time on your yoga mat .	Yoga is a useful tool to help keep New Year 's resolutions It can offer a way to stay in shape , make new friends , sleep better and travel more
CNN  -- The judge in James Holmes ' murder trial on Tuesday accepted his plea of not guilty by reason of insanity . The suspect in last summer 's shooting spree that killed 12 people and wounded dozens at an Aurora , Colorado , movie theater will be taken to the Colorado Mental Health Institute at Pueblo for evaluation . He 's expected to be returned to the Arapahoe County Jail on August 2 . Judge Carlos Samour Jr. has told attorneys he expects the trial to take place in 2014 . The burden is on the prosecution to prove that Holmes was sane at the time of the shootings . Attorneys will use the results of the mental evaluation as evidence at the trial . Samour 's ruling Tuesday came about a month after Holmes ' attorneys asked to change his plea from a standard not guilty . The original not-guilty plea was entered by a judge on Holmes ' behalf in March , over his objection , his defense team said . The defendant offered to plead guilty and spend the rest of his life behind bars if authorities would spare his life , but prosecutors in Arapahoe County announced in April they would seek the death penalty . The defense then decided to make an insanity plea . Asked by the judge Tuesday whether he had any questions about the plea , Holmes replied in a clear voice , "  No . " Samour also ruled Tuesday that a package Holmes mailed to his psychiatrist before the shooting can be processed as evidence . He sent Dr. Lynne Fenton $ 400 in burned $ 20 bills , a sticky note with an infinity sign , and a spiral notebook containing a placard . Written on it : "  James Holmes , Of Life , " according to court documents . The defense had previously argued that the contents of the package is covered by doctor-patient confidentiality . But with an insanity plea , that confidentiality no longer applies . Before the shooting , Fenton , who works at the University of Colorado 's medical campus , warned campus police that Holmes was dangerous . Holmes faces murder and other charges in the July 20 shooting spree at the premiere of the Batman movie "  The Dark Knight Rises . "	A package Holmes sent to his psychiatrist will be processed as evidence James Holmes will be taken to a mental health center for evaluation He faces murder and other charges in a July shooting at an Aurora , Colorado , movie theater Trial is set for 2014
CNN  -- All the tech world 's eyes will be on Apple Monday , when the computing giant 's 24th annual Worldwide Developers Conference kicks off in San Francisco . As its name suggests , the weeklong gathering lets Apple host presentations and workshops for the people who make a living writing the apps and other software that run on its products . But its opening keynote almost always makes news . The conference has been the launching pad for two phones  the iPhone 3GS in 2009 and the iPhone 4 in 2010  and several new , or updated , Macs . This year , the former seems highly unlikely . The latter ? Maybe not so much . Fans are clamoring for some excitement , because Apple has n't introduced a major new product since the iPad Mini last October . And with growing competition from such rivals as Amazon and Samsung , there 's always the chance that the secretive folks from Cupertino are cooking up something big . So here 's a look at what to expect from WWDC 2013 . Apple 's keynote begins Monday at 1 p.m. ET . A new iOS The safest bet for WWDC is that Apple will introduce iOS 7 to the world . For the first time , Apple vice president Jonny Ive is responsible for the update , and reports have suggested the mobile operating system will be "  black , white and flat all over . " Unnamed Apple sources have popped up on the Web , saying that much of the color , gloss and shine will be removed from the look of iPhone , iPad and iPod Touch screens in favor of a simpler black-and-white theme . Style aside , there will almost certainly be a host of new features to announce as well . Reports have centered on improved in-car support for Maps and Siri , along with new integration for third-party  and non-Google-owned  apps like video site Vimeo and photo site Flickr . The update also could bring Airdrop , which allows easy Wi-Fi sharing between Apple devices , to mobile . New MacBooks The MacBook and MacBook Air laptops are both due to be updated , according to Apple 's once-a-year pattern . And the timing is right : Intel just announced a more powerful processing chip . It will be a challenge for Apple to shrink the already ultra-slim MacBook Air much further . But if the rumors are true , the beefier MacBook Pro may give way to a new , sleeker version of itself . Apple also could introduce a refreshed Mac Pro desktop tower for those deep-pocketed office managers who prefer to order the freshest machines . A streaming-music service ? It seems like only a matter of time before Apple leaps into the increasingly crowded streaming-music market led by Pandora , Spotify and others . Apple 's been making deals with record labels such as Universal Music and Warner Music Group , which would allow them to stream songs to users as part of a free or paid-subscription service . Observers expect such a platform , possibly called iRadio , would exist apart from iTunes , Apple 's digital-media service , and focus on mobile devices . Longshots Sure , there are realistic expectations . Then there are the really fun ones . Hope springs eternal in the fanboy 's breast , so we wo n't be the ones to shoot down hopes for a big , "  one more thing " surprise . And , hey -- CEO Tim Cook has already teased "  exciting new product categories " this year . According to observers , an Apple TV set has been on the verge of being released for years now .  Experts are just sure the company is going to roll out a TV set . Eventually . A little over a year ago , there was a bizarrely specific Best Buy survey asking loyal customers about the "  concept " of an Apple TV . It seems like too much of a real thing to never happen . But will it happen next week ? Not likely . Joining the mythical "  iTV " is an Apple watch -- another product everybody is sure is coming , despite Apple having said no such thing . Wearable tech is becoming a huge field and Apple would surely like to cool off some of the heat generated lately by Google Glass . A watch feels slightly more likely than a TV , but not by much . This fall , just in time for holiday shopping , seems a more likely release date for one or both . And , quite possibly , for a new iPhone . There have been some rumblings about a possible new iPad . It has been a little more than seven months since the iPad Mini was unveiled , though , and only four months since Apple offered a 128GB version of its bigger counterpart . So a new model would be a surprise . What do you want to see from Apple ? Let us know in the comments .	Apple 's annual Worldwide Developers Conference kicks off Monday Observers expect a new mobile operating system and refreshed MacBooks A rumored smart watch and a possible Apple TV set remain longshots for now Apple 's keynote begins Monday at 1 p.m. ET in San Francisco
Madrid  CNN  -- Spanish airline Spanair went bust early Saturday , forcing many passengers to find seats on flights with other airlines at short notice . Spanair "  announced that it has ceased its operations , and thus , it has suspended all its flights from 2 a.m. Saturday  8 p.m. ET Friday  , " Spanish airport operator AENA said on its website . The airline said its last flight had landed at 10 p.m. Friday . "  Because of a lack of visible financing in the next couple of months , the company has chosen to cease the operation of its flights as a prudent and secure measure , and it will now take all legal pertinent measures , " Spanair said in a statement . "  The management of Spanair is sorry and apologizes to all those who are affected by this situation . " A spokeswoman at Madrid 's Barajas Airport said there were not large numbers of stranded passengers there , and that other airlines have been able to get passengers on to other flights . A spokesman for Barcelona 's El Prat airport said about 20 Spanair planes were sitting on the tarmac at the old terminal . Normally there would have been 27 outbound Spanair flights from the airport Saturday , and passengers on 15 of them have been able to get other flights with other companies , the spokesman said . The airport has received 105 complaints from passengers wanting their money back , he said . A special area has been set up at the airport where Spanair passengers have been able to get help but they have not been gathering in large numbers , he said . Spanair , which is headquartered in Barcelona , said those who were due to fly with it should get in touch via phone or its website for more information . Spanish airline Iberia , the country 's largest , said it was working closely with local and national authorities to draw up measures to ease the situation . Iberia "  has implemented a contingency plan , deploying a large team that is now working intensely to help resolve this situation on the best possible terms for Spanair customers . " The measures include special fares for flights over the next week . The airline may also lay on extra flights to cope with extra demand on certain routes , it said . The Catalan authorities said Vueling and Air Europa would also offer special fares and additional flights to help Spainair customers . Scandanavian airline SAS , which used to own Spanair and still has a partial share in it , said its results would be down by about $ 252 million as a result of the airline 's bankruptcy . CNN 's Al Goodman reported from Madrid and Per Nyberg from London .	The last Spanair flight landed on Friday evening Other Spanish airlines are offering extra seats and special fares to help ease the situation Madrid and Barcelona airports do not report large numbers of stranded passengers
