CNN justice producer Terry Frieden was part of the first-ever media tour of the U.S. Bureau of Prison 's Administrative Maximum prison -- also known as "  Supermax . " What follows is Frieden 's account of his experience . A file photo of the SuperMax prison taken when the facility opened 13 years ago . FLORENCE , Colorado  CNN  -- Visiting Supermax , the "  Alcatraz of the Rockies , " reveals nothing so much as an astonishing and eerie quiet . It 's not what one would expect of a place that houses 473 notorious terrorists , vicious murderers and violent , disruptive escape-prone inmates brought in from other federal penitentiaries . I 've visited noisy , boisterous state and federal prisons , where inmates scream for a visitor 's attention or proclaim their innocence . But at Supermax -- officially called "  Administrative Maximum , " or ADX -- everything is very tightly controlled , with nothing left to chance , so there is no particular sense of a threat , no feeling of vulnerability . View an explainer of Supermax 's security " Corrections officials were blunt in explaining their reason for finally inviting reporters , albeit without cameras , to peek behind the heavy metal gates for the first time since the penitentiary opened 13 years ago . "  This is about dispelling myths and rumors , " said Warden Ron Wiley . Myths that particularly rile prison officials are reports that Supermax , southwest of Colorado Springs , is a dungeon where inmates are cast aside to rot and die , and that the prison is underground , which it obviously is not . View a map of Supermax 's location " The first hint of the level of control throughout Supermax is the cumbersome , time-consuming security procedures we visitors  already cleared for admittance  were subjected to . I expect metal detectors these days , but despite possessing my Justice Department-issued photo ID , I still had to be photographed by the Bureau of Prisons , which is part of the Justice Department . Even Bureau of Prisons executives had to display their credentials to guards time and time again . Prison officials also have been bugged by rumors that the penitentiary was not entirely safe and secure , and that the lack of adequate staffing and a perimeter fence were potential problems to the community . Bureau officials insist allegations of inadequate security were fueled by corrections labor unions wanting more staffing , but complaints caught the attention of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and Colorado Sens. Ken Salazar and Wayne Allard , all of whom visited . In the end , it was agreed that a $ 10 million perimeter fence was n't needed . The handful of journalists allowed in were not allowed to see the headline-grabbing terrorists isolated under specially designed procedures . We did n't get a glimpse of Zacharias Moussaoui , Ramzi Yousef , Richard Reid , Theodore Kaczynski or Terry Nichols . But we 've seen them in court , and they 're not the guys you 'd most fear . All the attention paid to the few most infamous prisoners distorts the reality of ADX , officials insist . "  They 're like the premier players of the NBA . They get all the attention , " Wiley complained . Bureau of Prisons officials stressed that 95 percent of the Supermax prisoners are the most violent , disruptive and escape-prone inmates from other federal prisons , and they were transferred to ADX to help control those other facilities . At ADX , every prisoner has his own 86-square-foot cell . Despite the brutal nature and violent history of most of the inmates , not a single major assault against a corrections officer has occurred since the first inmates arrived in 1994 . The one-on-one killers who slashed or strangled other inmates , earning a trip to Supermax , are the inmates one would most worry about . Contact with others comes only after the inmates have adhered to a strict program for group recreation . Two inmate-on-inmate homicides have led to even tighter restrictions . I was allowed to briefly talk at random to a few of the inmates . One man who identified himself as Jack Stancell of South Carolina told me he 's doing time because , among other things , he 'd stabbed somebody and murdered somebody else . He 's been in prison for 33 of his 65 years . He says Supermax is actually better than some places he 's been . "  You get used to it , " he says without emotion . As I walk into the outdoor recreation area , it 's evident that virtually every possibility in combating the criminal mind has been considered . Large cables are strung above the basketball courts and track for no apparent reason . "  Those are helicopter deterrents , " a corrections official explains . "  We are not really worried about a chopper escape attempt , but you 've got to be prepared . " In the prison library , where inmates most ask for Westerns and romance novels , employees scour pages of returned books just to make sure there 's not a message or code that could be passed along to another inmate . Nothing 's left to chance . And apparently so as not to fuel inner terrorist fires , the newspapers from September 11 that will eventually reach the al Qaeda members and sympathizers imprisoned here will be altered . It will be 30 days before they finally have access to the 9/11 papers , and then they will find that all articles dealing with the anniversary or terrorism will have been excised . It may well take more than a two-hour visit by a handful of reporters to begin erasing myths about Supermax . But it 's a start . E-mail to a friend	Officials allowed reporters to tour "  Supermax " prison to dispel myths Zacharias Moussaoui , Richard Reid and Theodore Kaczynski held there Reporter says prison is eerily quiet
Many of Steve Jobs ' most inspiring and quotable lines come from his famous 2005 commencement speech at Stanford , when he told assembled graduates , "  Your time is limited , so do n't waste it living someone else 's life . " But the late Apple co-founder , who died a year ago Friday , had many other colorful and insightful things to say . Here are 10 of his better quotes , culled from "  I , Steve : Steve Jobs in His Own Words , " edited by George Beahm . How Steve Jobs ' legacy has changed 1 . "  What a computer is to me is the most remarkable tool that we have ever come up with . It 's the equivalent of a bicycle for our minds . "  film "  Memory & Imagination , " 1990 2 . "  I end up not buying a lot of things , because I find them ridiculous . "  The Independent , 2005 3 . "  I think death is the most wonderful invention of life . It purges the system of these old models that are obsolete . "  Playboy , 1985 4 . "  People think focus means saying yes to the thing you 've got to focus on . But that 's not what it means at all . It means saying no to the hundred other good ideas that there are . You have to pick carefully . I 'm actually as proud of the things we have n't done as the things I have done . Innovation is saying no to 1,000 things . "  Apple Worldwide Developers ' Conference , 1997 10 things Steve Jobs taught us 5 . "  Being the richest man in the cemetery does n't matter to me . ... Going to bed at night saying we 've done something wonderful -- that 's what matters to me . "  CNNMoney/Fortune , 1993 6 . "  My job is not to be easy on people . My job is to make them better . "  CNNMoney/Fortune , 2008 7 . "  If you want to live your life in a creative way , as an artist , you have to not look back too much . You have to be willing to take whatever you 've done and whoever you were and throw them away . "  Playboy , 1985 8 . "  Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower . "  "  The Innovation Secrets of Steve Jobs , " 2001 9 . "  My model for business is the Beatles . They were four guys who kept each other 's kind of negative tendencies in check . They balanced each other , and the total was greater than the sum of the parts . That 's how I see business : Great things in business are never done by one person . They 're done by a team of people . "  "  60 Minutes , " 2003 10 . "  I would trade all my technology for an afternoon with Socrates . "  Newsweek , 2001 Did Apple 's fanboy fever peak with Steve Jobs ?	The late Steve Jobs was full of insightful quotes about creativity and innovation These 10 are culled from the book "  I , Steve : Steve Jobs in His Own Words "
Editor 's note : This story is part of Eileen Ogintz 's Taking the Kids series . Follow "  taking the kids " on www.twitter.com , where Ogintz welcomes your questions and comments . Tribune Media Services  -- No one cares that the water is cold . The kids splash at the lake 's edge , play on the small sand beach as older , daring ones splash in the water and peddle kayaks , rowboats and paddleboats . Our pup eyes them all curiously . Lake Placid , New York -- home to two Olympics -- is that iconic old-fashioned vacation spot that works as well for 21st-century families -- and their pooches -- as it did a century ago for families and millionaires who came here to the Adirondacks with their family and friends . With 6 million acres , Adirondack State Park is the largest state park in the United States , larger than Yellowstone , Everglades , Glacier and Grand Canyon national parks combined . It boasts more than 3,000 lakes and 2,000 miles of hiking trails and offers kayaking , canoeing , fishing and mountain biking .  The Whiteface Downhill Mountain Bike Park features 27 downhill and cross-country mountain bike trails that run between the ski trails , through streams and woods . Lake Placid , a town where everyone seems to be an athlete , or at least an outdoors enthusiast , has only 3,000 residents , but that number swells close to 10,000 in summer . Main Street overlooks Mirror Lake and it 's lined with ice cream and coffee shops , all variety of restaurants  sushi , Mexican , steaks , a brewery , even a creperie , some with outdoor patios  and stores selling New York state maple syrup , local chocolate , antique ski posters , local wines and cuddly stuffed moose . Families stroll up and down Main clutching kids ' hands , pushing them in strollers , hanging on to dogs , picnicking in front of the lake at the outdoor band shell .  Simply Gourmet is the spot for first-rate sandwiches and cookies for your hikes and picnics . "  The kids love it because it 's so safe we can let them go out on their own , " said Louise McEachran , here with a group of young freestyle skiers from Ontario who practice their tricks by jumping into an icy pool at the MacKenzie-Intervale Ski Jumping Complex .  You can test your mettle at the Olympic Sports Complex and ride a wheeled bobsled , or check out the view of the Adirondacks from the top of the 26-story Olympic ski jump . Come July 4 and watch the 50th annual ski jump competition . "  Whatever the season there is something for the kids to do , " adds Suzanne Boger , an attorney from Saratoga Springs , New York , who comes here often -- winter and summer -- with her two kids , husband and two dogs . We meet them hiking and splashing in Lake Placid along the Peninsula Trails that run for miles . Our puppy , Trooper , happily joined in . "  Even when the weather is bad , there are things to do . "  Bowling anyone ? There 's even some Civil War history when you visit Abolitionist John Brown 's farm and gravesite . But what sets this place apart -- besides the natural beauty and Olympic history , as if that were n't enough -- is how genuinely friendly people are . It could n't be more kid friendly , Boger said . Pooch-friendly too . We learn that first-hand at the 166-room Golden Arrow Lakeside Resort , which has an idyllic location on Mirror Lake  smaller than Lake Placid and ideal for young families  . The Holderied family has run the Golden Arrow for more than 30 years , attracting families who return again and again . "  We love the family-style management and the kids loved pretending to work behind the desk , " said Lisa Tinker of New Jersey . Her family visits twice a year -- winter and summer . Besides having fun , the kids might learn a thing or two about vacationing greener . The resort is the first , and so far only , one in the United State to achieve 5 Green Leaf Rating from the Audubon Society for its green initiatives . There are small touches like the paper shopping bags in each room to encourage guests to recycle cans and bottles . There is an allergen-free floor , bamboo flooring , a blooming green roof and sand , even small-framed placards placed around the hotel pointing out the green features .  Kids are invited to take a "  green quiz , " getting a Mr. Green coloring book , with suggestions on what they could do at home to be more earth friendly  recycling one aluminum can conserves enough energy to run a TV for three hours . "  We want kids especially to realize they can help , " says Jenn Holderied , the youngest of the three siblings now overseeing the hotel , which was first bought by their parents , who spearheaded the green initiatives . "  The things you can do are n't difficult , " she says . "  Our goal is to get people thinking about it . " That extends to the resort restaurant , Generations , where the family is set to harvest dinners , inviting farmers to showcase their wares . Eventually , Holdleried , the mom of two young children , hopes families will be able to visit the area farms and see first-hand where the food on their plates came from . Some families who come here might prefer a cabin or condo , though , and there are certainly plenty to choose from at every price point . If you 're coming with grown kids and want a laid back but luxurious respite -- or want to feel like you were one of those millionaires from a century-ago , check out the 30-roomLake Placid Lodge , which was rebuilt after a fire to resemble a traditional Great House . The Lodge , however , does n't welcome kids under 12  unless you book the entire place  , but will pamper your dog . The Mirror Lake Inn touts itself as summer camp-plus . It 's located on a lake with swimming , canoeing , kayaking and fishing . But there 's also a spa , three gourmet restaurants and , they promise , serenely comfy beds . The Summer Savings Package starts at $ 299 per couple per night and kids are free . Book two nights by June 21 to take advantage of this special rate and also receive a $ 50 resort credit . The Whiteface Lodge on the other hand has got everything a family could want . Though not on the lake , it maintains a private beach a half-mile away with the requisite canoes , kayaks and more . This is the kind of place that offers the convenience of deluxe condos in the woods with the amenities of a first-class resort .  Look for deals with substantial resort credits .  There 's a big heated pool , fitness center and spa where even tweens can get massages or facials with mom . There 's an old-fashioned two-lane bowling alley , tennis courts and a stocked pond  yes , they even supply reels and bait  , an ice cream parlor and game room equipped with everything from fooseball to pool to Ping-Pong . Make s'mores every night in front of an outdoor fireplace , watch movies in the theater downstairs or just stargaze . Parents will appreciate that the Whiteface Lodge also offers complimentary organized activities for kids as young as three and this summer Whiteface has expanded its activities to outdoor programs for tweens and young teens . How about learning orienteering with the Adirondacks as your playground ? "  It may be touristy , " laughed Suzanne Boger . But then she gestures across the spectacular lake , with Whiteface Mountain in the distance . "  There are plenty of places to get away from the crowds . " With the kids -- and your dog , of course . For more on Eileen 's visit to Lake Placid , read her trip diary at http://www.takingthekids.com/ and also follow "  taking the kids " on www.twitter.com , where Eileen Ogintz welcomes your questions and comments . © 2010 EILEEN OGINTZ DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Lake Placid -- home to two Olympics -- is an iconic old-fashioned vacation spot With 6 million acres , Adirondack State Park is the largest state park in the United States Lake Placid has 3,000 residents , but that number gets close to 10,000 in summer Lake Placid has a variety of resorts to choose from , including some dog-friendly choices
London  CNN  A 19-year-old man was charged Wednesday with terror offenses after he was arrested as he returned to Britain from Turkey , London 's Metropolitan Police said . Yahya Rashid , a UK national from northwest London , was detained at Luton airport on Tuesday after he arrived on a flight from Istanbul , police said . He 's been charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism , and with engaging in conduct with the intention of assisting others to commit acts of terrorism . Both charges relate to the period between November 1 and March 31 . Rashid is due to appear in Westminster Magistrates ' Court on Wednesday , police said . CNN 's Lindsay Isaac contributed to this report .	London 's Metropolitan Police say the man was arrested at Luton airport after landing on a flight from Istanbul He 's been charged with terror offenses allegedly committed since the start of November
CNN  -- Convicted kidnapper Ariel Castro killed himself , the Ohio medical examiner who conducted his autopsy says , disputing assertions that the convicted kidnapper and rapist may have died accidentally . Coroner Jan Gorniak had harsh words for Ohio corrections officials for raising the possibility in a report Thursday that Castro 's death may have been the accidental result of auto-erotic asphyxiation . That involves depriving the brain of oxygen by controlled strangulation to intensify a sexual experience . "  I did the autopsy myself . I saw the ligature . I saw the pictures of the cell , " she said . "  It was a suicide . " The state report released Thursday , meanwhile , also found that prison guards falsified logs and did not check on Castro as often as they should have . They appeared to have also falsified "  the post log book for their rounds , " according to the report , from the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction . The guards were placed on leave as authorities looked into Castro 's death . Investigators have not decided on whether to take any disciplinary action . As for the report 's mention of the possibility that Castro 's death was accidental , the coroner said no one involved in the report consulted her -- and she 's not happy about that . "  They were outside of their lane ... I do n't think anyone else should have an opinion on what the cause of death was , " Gorniak said . In its report , the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction noted that Casto 's body was found hanging from a sheet wrapped around his neck and tied to a hinge in the window of his cell . "  His pants and underwear were pulled down to his ankles , " the report said . "  The relevance of this finding is unclear . These facts , however , were relayed to the Ohio State Highway Patrol for consideration of the possibility of auto-erotic asphyxiation . " Gorniak said she was not made aware that Castro was found with his pants down in the jail cell , but that does not change the cause of death . There were no signs that he was sexually stimulated , she said . And his pants may have slipped off while he was hanging , she said . He left no suicide note , the report said , but not everyone who commits suicide does , the coroner said . Ariel Castro 's son describes personal torment after father 's crimes Castro was imprisoned for more than 1,000 years for kidnapping and raping three women who he held in captive in his Cleveland home for years . He was found dead in his jail cell on September 3 . Meanwhile , the report released Thursday also said that two prison guards responsible for checking on Castro "  did not timely perform " required rounds .	Coroner who performed Castro 's autopsy says Castro killed himself She is dismissing a state report suggesting that Castro 's deat may been an accident The Cleveland kidnapper pleaded guilty in August and hanged himself last month Castro 's body was found with an open Bible and pictures of his family
CNN  -- Leza Dabit spent more than $ 2,000 recently to attend a friend 's wedding in Jamaica with her boyfriend . The weekend before , she was in Columbus , Georgia , celebrating nuptials , and the weekend after was spent feting another couple 's marriage on Hilton Head Island , South Carolina . And Dabit is just getting started . She 's got four more weddings to go before mid-December . Dabit , a business development manager for an IT staffing company in Atlanta , receives only 10 days of vacation . Weddings are lovely , one of the few occasions when people still get dressed up , tuck their gadgets away and observe longstanding traditions . But my , can traveling to a wedding get expensive . And the preceding engagement , bachelor and bachelorette parties and showers will slash into your savings too , should you choose to run that gantlet . The ensuing baby showers and family reunions may lump on another travel expense for our increasingly mobile society . These obligations are eating up vacation days and discretionary  and not-so discretionary  income , but it 's often nearly impossible to say no . And there are very good , fabric-of-our-society reasons for that . Still , what is a mere mortal to do in the face of seven weddings ? "  All my extra money goes to this , " said Dabit , 30 . "  Every weekend is a blast , do n't get me wrong . " Photos : Celebrity wedding sites She 's already hit a bachelorette weekend in Nashville and plans on a beach getaway for another bride in Florida , but she ran out of vacation days and ca n't go on a cruise with another close friend and bride-to-be . Next year does n't look nearly as busy for Dabit on the event front , and she wo n't be taking her weekends for granted . "  I think I 'm going to take a trip for me next year . " Her situation is not unusual . Forty-one percent of U.S. adults use the majority of their vacation budgets on obligation trips such as weddings , holiday gatherings and reunions , according to a July Hotwire survey . The average cost to attend a wedding as a guest is $ 339 this year , down from $ 490 a year ago , according to the American Express Spending and Saving Tracker . If you 're in the wedding , the average cost this year is $ 377 , down from $ 539 in 2011 . A far-flung destination wedding can easily set you back double that amount . Dabit has politely declined invitations before , just sending a gift , but all seven of this year 's events are weddings she would n't want to miss . Lasting connections : Love at the airport Sociologist Jeffrey Alexander sees spending freely to celebrate big milestones as evidence of what people value . "  On the one hand , doing these rituals is a way of showing that you 're not a materialistic person and that you value your close friendships , " said Alexander , a sociology professor and founder and co-director of the Center for Cultural Sociology at Yale University . "  At the same time , we do live in the economic world . " Weighing finances is prudent , but so is weighing your relationships . Turning someone down for a life-changing event can be damaging . "  I think that is a kind of test , " Alexander said . "  If you invite somebody and they do n't come , then they 're not willing to put their money where their mouth is . They 're not showing that they actually care about you . " But caring for a friend to the tune of $ 1,000 can be a tall order . Brittany Winfeld , 27 , was faced with a choice : spend nearly $ 1,000 on a close friend 's bachelorette weekend in Miami or pay for her medical board exams . "  For me , my career is more important than a weekend getaway , " said the medical resident who lives in New York . "  The most important thing for me is to attend the main event : the wedding . " And attend , she will . She 's going to five in the next year : one in the Caribbean , one in Florida , one in Massachusetts and two close to home in the New York area . Make or break ? Travel tests your love life She estimates that she and her husband will spend $ 4,000 on the Caribbean getaway alone , which they plan to turn into a vacation since they will already have traveled more than a thousand miles from home . Winfeld has a few weeks left in her residency before starting a fellowship . Her husband is also a resident , and the couple is shouldering hefty student loans . "  It 's a definite financial burden to me and to him , " she said . But she feels like she ca n't say no to these events , and the stretch is worth it for their really good friends . "  These people were there for me for my wedding , and I would feel terrible saying no , because they were there for me , " Winfeld said . And the budget ? "  We kind of threw that out the window . " There are right ways to say no , says Anna Post , co-author of the 18th edition of "  Emily Post 's Etiquette " and great-great granddaughter of the grande dame of gracious behavior . "  If you know right now , in the middle of June , that you are not going to go ... however you come to your choice , once you make it , make it early and tell people right away , " Post advised . "  It does n't count when it comes to etiquette if you did n't tell anybody . " You do n't have to share a reason , but if you do , be honest about it . It 's no good saying you ca n't afford a destination event and then heading to Italy two weeks later . In that case , say that you 've made other vacation plans or that you 've committed to something else , Post says . Do n't say yes and reverse your decision later . It 's better to thank someone for an invitation and wait to reply when you 're sure . Post did say that turning someone down for a major milestone "  can be very statement-making . " She calls weddings , christenings , funerals and other important moments "  precedent-setting events . " "  It 's much easier to carry on a relationship with someone , even if it 's a rough relationship , if you participate in the big events , " Post said . Joining friends and family has n't always been such a big production . The crossing of states and continents to be part of social rituals has picked up over the past 30 years as more people earn college degrees and participate in a national labor market , according to Alexander . More Americans leave home , go to college and never look back , so friends and family are scattered . Saying no to traveling across the country for special occasions seems to be getting harder . People used to accept the idea that an event might just be too far away , Alexander says . "  Now there 's an expectation that there 's no excuse , " especially within the continental United States . Cheaper and more accessible air travel , more affordable telephone service and the emergence of virtual communication have all given rise to people coming together more readily from long distances to mark milestones with their peers , Alexander says . People ages 18 to 30 are especially likely to ignore the barriers of physical distance , because they 're used to the virtual closeness of daily communication with their friends on social media . And the most important ties are sustained through rituals . "  It 's kind of the opposite of the uncertainty that we all have in our society . I mean , we 're all uncertain about our jobs , about our children , about success , about relationships -- whether we 're married or not , " Alexander said . "  Ritual is reassuring and connecting . " Connecting or not , there 's still nothing that says you have to attend . "  Anybody that feels they have to succumb to social pressure , whatever it is ... they need to realize the importance of listening to your inner self and developing your inner self , " said Amitai Etzioni , a sociologist and director of the Institute for Communitarian Policy Studies at the George Washington University . "  It 's not automatic that the community has the right of way . " Part of what complicates matters and creates that to-go-or-not-to-go tension is the fact that the social norms that existed before the sexual revolution and the civil rights movement were upended in the late '60s . Since then , everyone 's been coming up with their own rules and trying to create unique , distinctive events to celebrate their lives , says Etzioni , who edited the book "  We Are What We Celebrate : Understanding Holidays and Rituals . " Weddings used to be "  a ceremony , a reception , dinner . " Now , some are three-day events . So many situations today require deliberation and negotiation and often lead to misunderstanding . "  In the olden days , if you went on a date , there was no question , the boy paid . Now , it 's complicated , " Etzioni said . "  Nothing is etched in stone anymore . " How important are rituals to you ? How much are you willing to spend to participate ? Share your stories below .	Traveling for weddings and other social occasions can strain bank accounts Survey : 41 % of Americans spend most of their vacation budgets on obligations Crossing states and continents for rituals has picked up in our increasingly mobile society Rituals reassure us , and spending shows commitment to relationships , sociologist says
EW.com  -- James Andrew Miller and Tom Shales ' followup to their excellent 2002 "  Saturday Night Live " book , "  Live From New York , " is an oral history of ESPN , and its contents have been a closely guarded secret  GQ recently posted some of the book 's juiciest Olbermann sections  . Until today , that is . Publisher Little , Brown just lifted their embargo , meaning that we can now reveal some details of the much-anticipated project . So what 's the big secret ? The book is enormous -- 700-plus pages of interviews with big names like Keith Olbermann , Chris Berman , Rush Limbaugh , Michael Eisner , Erin Andrews , and many , many more . The authors talked to more than 550 people and cover an amazing amount of ground . It 's a serious , impressive piece of work , if a little too long and padded out with less-interesting material . The book offers a nuanced look at ESPN , does some top-notch TV-biz reporting on the early days of the cable industry , and offers compelling behind-the-scenes stories about a number of big events  ESPN 's botched takeover of Monday Night Football , the creation of the X Games , the Rush Limbaugh-Donovan McNabb blowup  . But what everyone will probably want to talk about , at least for now , is the dirt . And there 's a bunch of it : the book is packed with huge egos and bad behavior . Here are just a few highlights : -- "  The company would have Christmas parties up at some horrible place in Bristol -LSB- Connecticut , where ESPN is based -RSB- , " says former general counsel Andy Brilliant . "  A couple of them were drunken orgies ... . It became like a big frat party . There were a lot of drugs being done in the bathroom . There was quite a bit of screwing going on afterward , a lot of it extramarital . But everybody went back to business the next workday . " -- "  There was screwing in the hallways , " says onetime reporter Sal Marchiano of ESPN 's early days . "  Okay , maybe not in the hallways , but there were a couple of stairwell stories ... . There were drugs in the building , that I knew . There was one guy who dealt pot . " -- At one point in the '80s ESPN kept an apartment in New York City . "  I remember -LSB- an ESPN exec -RSB- coming in and saying , ` We got ta get rid of this apartment ... because the mail boys got a couple of our secretaries hooking over there , ' " says former ESPN CEO Bill Grimes . "  Hooking ! That 's what he said ... ` They 're making money after work when no one 's there . It 's getting out of control . ' " -- Sexual harassment was an ongoing issue . In the late '80s the problem got so bad that anchor Karie Ross actually stood up in front of 200 or so people in the cafeteria and demanded that it stop . Her plea did n't have much impact . "  No fewer than fifty cases of sexual harassment were reported by women on the staff to ESPN management in the first half of the 1990s , " the authors write . -- Keith Olbermann is hardly the network 's only cranky anchor . "  I was introduced to -LSB- Chris Berman -RSB- , and my title was mentioned , " recalls marketing senior VP Lee Ann Daly . "  He was like , ` Oh , goddammit , do we need another vice president ? ' And I just said , ` Nice to meet you , too , Mr. Berman . ' ... there was really no need to be a jerk . But that kind of stuck with me . I noticed that Chris Berman was rarely happy . He was always very difficult to please . " -- The biggest villain in the book ? Quite possibly the town of Bristol , Connecticut , which is apparently so isolated and dull that it drives ESPN execs who work there to all sorts of boorish behavior . "  I think part of the sexual harassment stuff was location , " says former ESPN chairman Steve Bornstein . "  It 's one hundred miles from real civilization , and you got the kind of testosterone , jock mentality , frat house approach that 's pretty much a recipe for stupid decisions being made . " Or as another exec , Bill Creasy , puts it , "  What a s -- hole . I mean , what were they thinking -LSB- locating ESPN HQ there -RSB- ? " That 's just a small sampling of what 's in this huge book , which hits stores on May 24 . So are you excited to read when it hits stores on Tuesday ? What are you most looking forward to finding out ? See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Bristol , Connecticut , apparently drives ESPN execs to all sorts of boorish behavior The authors talked to more than 550 people and cover an amazing amount of ground The book offers some top-notch TV-biz reporting on the early days of the cable industry
CNN  -- They 've mirrored each other at Merion . And now it looks like both Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy wo n't be in contention on the final day of the U.S. Open . Woods shot a six-over-par 76 Saturday on Merion 's unforgiving East Course and McIlroy , second only to Woods in the world rankings , carded a 75 . They were paired together for the third straight day , hitting identical 73s in first round and 70s in the second . While the top-ranked duo were only four shots behind co-leaders Phil Mickelson and Billy Horschel through two rounds , McIlroy had slipped a further two shots behind the clubhouse leader , Australia 's Jason Day , and Woods was seven shots behind Day . It got worse after Mickelson , a five-time U.S. Open runner-up , completed his round and took a one-stroke overall advantage . McIlroy drifted to nine shots behind and Woods 10 . It means Woods ' wait to end his five-year drought at majors appears set to continue . Woods , bothered by a left arm injury he sustained en route to winning The Players Championship last month , raised hopes among his fans when he struck a birdie on the first hole . Woods , though , would n't hit another birdie for the rest of the round . Instead he registered seven bogeys . McIlroy , in search of a third major , was n't much better , hitting one more birdie than Woods . The low scores at Merion have failed to materialize , and Sergio Garcia needed 10 shots to complete the par-4 15th hole . Despite the disastrous hole , he still managed to match McIlroy and shoot a 75 which left him tied for 44th with defending champion Webb Simpson . Garcia said he was heckled in the first round and a fan blurted out , "  fried chicken " before he teed off at his first hole Saturday . It was a reference to the "  fried chicken " jibe Garcia directed at Woods last month . Garcia issued a public apology and left Woods a note this week leading into the tournament . Day , the 2011 runner-up , ended the third round in eighth place after a two-under-par 68 . He was overtaken by the late groupings as Mickelson carded 70 to be one-under 209 after 54 holes . Mickelson finished birdie-bogey , having dropped shots at 3 and 5 before recovering them at 10-11 . "  I 've had opportunities in years past , and it has been so fun , even though it 's been heart-breaking to come so close a number of times and let it slide , " said the four-time major winner , who turns 43 on Sunday . "  But I feel better equipped than I have ever felt heading into the final round of a U.S. Open . My ball striking is better than it 's ever been . My putting is better than it has been in years , and I feel very comfortable on this golf course . I love it . " His fellow veteran Stricker matched that 70 to be tied for second alongside Ryder Cup teammate Hunter Mahan and South Africa 's 2011 Masters winner Charl Schwartzel , who both shot 69 . Former world No. 1 Luke Donald had been in the lead but the Englishman dropped a shot at 17 and double-bogeyed the final hole to fall back to 211 alongside compatriot Justin Rose -- who matched his 71 -- and Horschel . Horschel , playing his first major as a pro having missed the cut as an amateur back in 2006 , played the difficult closing holes in par to sign for a 72 . American Rickie Fowler carded the best round of the day , a four-birdie 67 which moved him up to ninth -- one shot ahead of leading amateur Michael Kim . Kim , born in South Korea but raised in San Diego , had been in a tie for third after firing four birdies in six holes but a horrendous finish -- bogey , double bogey , bogey -- meant he ended with a 71 , five shots behind Mickelson . He is seeking to become the first amateur to finish in the top 10 since 1971 , and the first to win the U.S. Open since 1933 .	Tiger Woods cards a six-over-par 76 to fall further behind the leader at the U.S. Open Rory McIlroy was one shot better than Woods as he played alongside the world No. 1 Sergio Garcia was heckled by a fan and later needed 10 shots to complete a hole Five-time runner-up Phil Mickelson leads by one shot going into final round
CNN  -- Alaskans were shaken up -- but not , it seems , rattled -- by a 6.2-magnitude earthquake and more than a dozen aftershocks that struck in the state Thursday . The U.S. Geological Survey noted that the biggest tremor struck at 9:51 a.m. local time  1:51 p.m. ET  , centered some 80 miles northwest of Anchorage . Its large magnitude was balanced out , somewhat , by how far down it occurred -- 64 miles deep , according to the USGS . "  Normally , we do n't have large magnitude quakes this deep , " said Alaska Earthquake Information Center seismologist Natalia Ruppert , noting that the tremor was felt strongly in Fairbanks and as far south as Kodiak . "  Because it was that deep , it did n't cause as much damage as a shallower quake . " Still , it was big enough to create messes and cause scares in the state dubbed The Last Frontier . Pictures on CNN affiliate KTUU 's website showed a toppled bookcase and strewn papers in a lawyer 's office , hair supplies toppled onto a Walmart 's floor , as well as cracked walls and floors . The Anchorage School District tweeted out a picture of students huddled under tables in a library as a damaged ceiling panel dangled overheard . Sven Gustafson , principal of Anchorage 's Romig Middle School , praised his students for doing "  great duck , cover , and holding ! " "  What a shaker this morning ! " Gustafson tweeted . " ... Some small damage that will be repaired . " Fairbanks Daily News-Miner reporter Casey Grove tweeted that he was on the sixth floor of an Anchorage courthouse when the earthquake struck , noting that one employee there noticed "  desks were bounding , chairs were rolling around . " And afterward , crews from Alaska 's Department of Transportation and Public Facilities had to clean up some debris and rocks that fell onto the Seward Highway.Â While Thursday 's quake may have been big -- and , according to Anchorage police spokeswoman Jennifer Castro , abnormally long -- it did n't come as a total shock . "  Normally , we have around 100 earthquakes in Alaska each day , " said Ruppert , the seismologist . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	NEW : There are more than a dozen aftershocks following the main quake NEW : Seismologist : The quake was abnormally deep , felt over a large area NEW : Pictures show toppled shelves , cracked walls , dangling ceiling panels The 64-mile deep earthquake was centered 80 miles northwest of Anchorage
CNN  "  Cinderella , " the latest live-action retelling of a classic , sparkled like a glass slipper in its opening weekend , with an estimated debut of $ 70.1 million . That 's well above expectations of $ 50 to 60 million , and it tops last year 's $ 69.4 million opening for "  Maleficent , " another take on the classic fairy tale , which featured Angelina Jolie and a darker tone . This version , however is sweetness and light , thanks to veteran director Kenneth Branagh . Small-screen stars Lily James  "  Downton Abbey "  and Richard Madden  "  Game of Thrones "  play Ella and her Prince , who overcome personal grief and uncertainty with courage and goodness . Oscar winner Cate Blanchett provides venom as the wicked stepmother . Reviews for "  Cinderella " have been strong , with a current Rotten Tomatoes rating of 83 % . Disney timed the release well : It 's been more than a month since a family film hit theaters  if you can call the "  SpongeBob " sequel a "  family " film  , and some American school districts just began spring break . Liam Neeson 's latest thriller , "  Run All Night , " opened in a very soft second place . Neeson has been a solid draw since he reinvented himself as an action star six years ago with "  Taken , " but "  Run All Night " debuted even more weakly than last year 's dismal "  A Walk Among the Tombstones . " This time out , he plays a former hit man whose family is targeted by his old boss , played by Ed Harris -- but it seems people would rather see Neeson attack and fight than run . In limited release , the critically acclaimed horror thriller "  It Follows " made $ 163,000 in just four theaters , far and away the weekend 's best per-theater average . Among returning films , Colin Firth and "  Kingsman : The Secret Service " shone the brightest , topping the $ 100 million mark in total domestic grosses and actually rising a spot on the chart , while last weekend 's winner , "  Chappie , " and runner-up , "  Focus , " duked it out for fourth place . Next weekend , Shailene Woodley returns in the young adult action sequel "  The Divergent Series : Insurgent , " while Sean Penn tries the action genre with Idris Elba and Javier Bardem in "  The Gunman . "	Live-action retelling of "  Cinderella " has an estimated box office debut of $ 70.1 million Liam Neeson 's latest thriller , "  Run All Night , " opens in soft second place
CNN  -- I keep thinking of those television ads from the Mexican tourism industry urging Americans to "  Come visit Mexico . " Visiting is n't difficult . For some Americans , it 's leaving that 's the problem . For years , U.S. officials have urged their Mexican counterparts to get tough on drug traffickers . The Americans even provided $ 1.4 billion through the Merida Initiative to help our friends south of the border accomplish that goal . Yet , the drama that unfolded in the state of Sonora for the last week ca n't be what U.S. officials had in mind . The idea was to help Mexico 's police and military pursue violent criminals -- the sort who terrorize people by scattering human heads like party favors on the dance floors of nightclubs -- not to prey on Americans held for ransom by crooked cops looking for their next payday . And that seems to be what happened to Yanira Maldonado , a 42-year-old U.S. citizen who spent the last several days sitting in a women 's prison in Nogales , Mexico , on what looks like bogus drug charges . Maldonado , a Mormon with seven children and two grandchildren , was released late Thursday when a judge concluded what was already evident to most of us -- that the Mexican authorities had no evidence to hold her . The family 's nightmare is over . It began last week when the Mexican-born Yanira and her husband , Gary , boarded a bus to head back to the United States after attending her aunt 's funeral in Mexico . That was their first mistake . Those of us who visit Mexico know you never get on a bus . It makes you easy pickings for bandits and bad cops , and sometimes you ca n't tell the difference . Bandits might take your money , and let you go on your way . Bad cops take your liberty , and hold it until someone back home sends enough money to let you go on your way . Either way , it 's not personal . It 's just a business transaction . But it 's a cruel and ugly business . Anyway , back to the bus . It came up to a military checkpoint -- which might as well be a toll booth -- and everyone was taken off the bus as soldiers boarded it . "  I was at the checkpoint , asked to get off bus , " Yanira told CNN from prison . "  They were checking for drugs and I do n't know what else . They say they found something under the seat but I never saw anything . They did n't show me anything . It was amazing all what they did . " The soldiers claim that they found a package containing 12.5 pounds  5.7 kilograms  of what appeared to be marijuana under Yanira 's seat . And so they placed her under arrest , and handed the case over to the Mexican attorney general 's office for prosecution . Maybe drugs were there before she ever sat down . Or maybe the soldiers put the drugs there . Or maybe there were no drugs at all . No one knows , because , conveniently , the only people on the bus were the soldiers . Gary Maldonado has said that he and his wife checked their bags , and boarded with no luggage . He says that when his wife was taken into custody , one of the soldiers told him matter-of-factly that it would cost him $ 5,000 to get her released . Later , according to family members , he was quoted the same price by civilian authorities -- $ 5,000 -- for her release , whether she was found guilty or not . That 's how it works . Think of it as a processing fee . In Mexico , stories like this one -- which are all about money , and corruption , and how predatory some hungry people can be when they catch a glimpse of a piece of bread -- are as common as pinatas and margaritas . But that 's not supposed to be the case anymore . I was in Mexico City in November on a mission sponsored by the American Jewish Committee . We met with top officials , including President Enrique Pena Nieto , and the message could not have been clearer . "  With a booming economy , less crime in metropolitan areas , and the reins of power now back in the hands of the Institutional Revolutionary Party , the country is open for business . This is the new Mexico . " Sorry folks , it seems there are still unseemly remnants of the old Mexico , and they are threatening to undermine the makeover . The Maldonados probably are n't thinking about the relationship between the United States and Mexico at the moment . They 're just glad to have a wife and mother home with her family . This ugly chapter , in their lives and in the U.S.-Mexico relationship , is finally closed . Incidentally , Mexico is still waiting on the last few hundred million dollars in drug fighting funds promised under the Merida Initiative . Congress should send the rest of the money . Minus $ 5,000 . That should go to the Maldonado family . Think of it as a processing fee . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : U.S. mother jailed in Mexico on what looks like bogus drug charges He says funds to fight drugs in Mexico were n't meant to hold innocent people in jail Mexico is supposed to be beyond this kind of police and court corruption , he says He says Yanira Maldonado , mother of 7 , is home with her family , nightmare over
Stockholm , Sweden  CNN  -- The historic success of a far-right party in Swedish elections is a response to the country 's "  extreme immigration policies , " which have "  shattered " Swedish society , the party leader said Monday . And it 's part of a wave of victories for anti-immigration parties across Europe , Jimmie Akesson of the Sweden Democrats told CNN . "  All of Europe is suffering big problems from mass immigration and of course , people are becoming more and more frustrated in several European countries , which we can see from the election results , " Akesson said . His Sweden Democrats party won 5.7 percent of the vote on Sunday and a place in the national parliament for the first time . "  We now have a platform for our ideology , and that is very important because we know that we have a big opportunity to get even more supporters , " he said , insisting that the media had presented a "  false image " of the party in the past . Akesson said the party did not hold racist views . No party or coalition won an overall majority Sunday . That means other parties have to talk to the Sweden Democrats , Akesson said . "  We have a situation where neither of the coalitions holds a majority , which can prove problematic in the long run if we ca n't find a solution , " he said . "  So then it will be our responsibility to hold conversations and be ready to cooperate with all parties , but it is also their responsibility to talk to us . " With possession of 20 seats , the party could wind up tipping the balance of power between the two major coalitions , although party leaders have vowed not to cooperate with the Sweden Democrats . The ruling center-right coalition won re-election , the first time a non-socialist government was elected to a second term in the country 's political history . Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt 's center-right four-party coalition -- made up of the Moderates , the Liberals , the Christian Democrats and the Centre party -- held on to power , but lost its outright majority . "  The Swedish people have cast their vote , and they have ruled that we are the ones who should keep governing , " Reinfeldt said at his party 's election night celebration . His coalition won 49.3 percent of the vote , officials at the Swedish Election Authority said after all 5,668 voting districts reported . The opposition "  red-green " coalition -- consisting of the Social Democrats , the Left party and the Green Party -- had 43.7 percent of the vote , election officials said . The leader of Sweden 's red-green opposition coalition , Mona Sahlin , admitted defeat Sunday night . She told her supporters they were not able to regain the trust of the voters . "  We have lost , " she said , stressing that the center-right coalition also failed to get an outright majority . The ruling coalition won 172 seats , while Sahlin 's group took 157 in the 349-seat parliament . Sweden has a long tradition of socialist rule , with a cradle-to-grave welfare system . But the global financial crisis threw Sweden into one of its worst economic downturns since World War II . The ruling conservative coalition , which came into power in 2006 , imposed a string of austerity measures and managed to turn Sweden 's economy into one of the strongest in Europe , with an expected growth of 4.5 percent this year . The crisis management appears to have impacted many voters . "  I think the economy is the key issue , " said one man at a Stockholm polling station . "  I think Sweden has done very well for the last few years during the global financial crisis , and I hope the government will stay on . " But with a tightening of fiscal policy , several groups in Swedish society have seen their situation worsen . Pensioners and sick people are among the hardest hit , and the leader of the red-green coalition had urged voters to vote for change on Sunday . "  There is a clear difference between the left 's and the right 's tax policies towards working people and pensioners , " said one elderly woman who had just cast her ballot on Sunday . "  My pension has gone down during these last years . " "  The moderate party and the center-right alliance seeks the confidence of the voters , " Reinfeldt said in a televised speech on Saturday , the eve of the election . "  We do this with a promise to take responsibility . We have taken Sweden through a difficult economic crisis . Many decisions have been hard to make , and not everything has been right from the beginning . " But , he said , "  after a difficult financial crisis , confidence in the future is now growing in our country . It is great to see how Sweden gets back on its feet . We are seeing more jobs and the unemployment is going down . Sweden today has Europe 's strongest economy , but there is a risk for new troubled times . There are countries in our surroundings that have lost control over their economy and have had to make hard cuts and increase taxes . This will always hit the weakest the hardest . Do n't put Sweden in this situation . " Meanwhile , Sahlin said , nearly all Swedes want "  a health care based on their needs , not their wallet , and a school that helps all children gain knowledge , regardless of their background ... I want to take responsibility for Sweden , the welfare state . If we can handle the jobs situation , then our economy will grow , and we can impose our welfare . " "  I am for reductions in tax , but not at any cost , " she said . "  Do n't vote away Sweden the welfare state . What we sell and tear down now will never come back . " The far-right Sweden Democrats , which received 2.9 percent of votes in 2006 , nearly doubled its votes this year . But its anti-immigration policies have caused all the main party leaders to vow not to cooperate with it , even as it won seats . "  I think it is more important than ever that everyone goes to vote today so that we can stop them , " one young woman voter said , referring to the Sweden Democrats . "  I think it would be a day of shame for all Swedes if those people would come into parliament . "	The country 's immigration policies have "  shattered " Swedish society , Jimmie Akesson says after victory Sweden 's ruling coalition wins a second term , but not an overall majority The leader of the opposition coalition admits defeat The anti-immigration Sweden Democrats party gains parliamentary seats
CNN  It 's a restaurant so exclusive and so extravagant that even the scofflaws who broke in and robbed it have discerning , sophisticated palates . The French Laundry , the oh-so chichi Napa Valley landmark with its three Michelin stars and wine list that reads like porn for oenophiles , is suffering from bottle shock after its wine cellar was raided on Christmas Day . "  Specific wines of specific value were stolen , " tweeted French Laundry 's owner , the culinary demigod Thomas Keller . Seventy-six bottles , with a total worth of about $ 300,000 , were stolen from the Yountville restaurant , according to CNN affiliate KPIX . Keller singled out two wines in particular : Screaming Eagle , a local Cabernet Sauvignon that can run as much as $ 6,500 a bottle , and Domaine de la Romanée-Conti , a French wine he sells between $ 6,000 and $ 8,000 per bottle , depending on the vintage . "  We are confident that if/when any stolen bottles appear in public they will immediately raise red flags , " he said .	Napa Valley 's famed French Laundry broken into Christmas Day Expensive wine stolen from the high-end restaurant
CNN  -- Lawyers for former Penn State assistant coach Jerry Sandusky , who was convicted on multiple counts of child sex abuse , argued a motion for a new trial Thursday . Judge John Cleland , who presided over Sandusky 's conviction and sentencing , heard arguments Thursday at Centre County court in Bellefonte , Pennsylvania , but did not rule immediately . A motion for a new trial asks the trial court to re-examine issues it already ruled on in an earlier judgment . In October , Cleland sentenced Sandusky to no less than 30 years and no more than 60 years in prison for abusing 10 boys during a 15-year period . Sandusky , 68 , had faced the possibility of up to a 400-year prison term . Sandusky 's lawyers have argued that there was insufficient evidence to convict him , and that the court did n't allow them enough time to prepare for trial after the prosecution flooded them with documentation . Defense attorney Joe Amendola testified Thursday that he had been unprepared for the trial . But he also conceded that after reviewing the documents post-trial , he did n't see anything he would have done differently in defending Sandusky . Sandusky 's legal team has also argued that certain counts against their client were too broad and should therefore have been dismissed . Opinion : Pennsylvania 's suit against NCAA is absurd Cleland could easily rule that evidence presented at the criminal trial was so overwhelming -- the victims ' testimony , for instance -- that the defense 's concerns would not have changed the end result , said Karl Rominger , one of Sandusky 's lawyers . The eight victims who testified , now young men , said that they were boys when Sandusky forced them to engage in sexual acts with him . The acts occurred , they said , in showers in Penn State 's athletic facilities ; hotel rooms ; and the basement of Sandusky 's home , among other places . Testimony was often emotional and graphic . Jurors convicted Sandusky on 45 out of 48 sexual abuse counts . This first attempt to overturn the conviction based on ineffective counsel , a common tactic , will be tough , his lawyers acknowledged before the hearing . They said that if the court rejects it , they may launch appeals based on other arguments . "  If you win on one of the appeal issues , everything probably falls , " Amendola has said . "  All we have to do is convince an appellate court that one of the issues we will raise is worthy of a reversal . " Amendola and Rominger have also filed a motion to have Sandusky 's sentence reconsidered . The lawyers had attempted to withdraw from the case before the trial , telling Cleland the day before jury selection began that they did not feel adequately prepared and that it would be "  unethical " for them to move forward . Cleland denied their request . The sex abuse scandal led to the firing of head football coach Joe Paterno and the ouster of the university 's longtime president , Graham Spanier . Paterno died in 2012 of lung cancer . The NCAA slapped Penn State with fines and sanctions over the case , but Pennsylvania 's governor announced a lawsuit last week against the collegiate athletic board , saying Sandusky 's actions were a criminal matter and not a violation of NCAA rules . CNN 's Sara Ganim , Josh Levs , Mallory Simon , Ben Brumfield and Marina Carver contributed to this report	NEW : Sandusky 's attorneys filed a motion for a new trial NEW : The judge has not yet ruled on the motion Sandusky , 68 , was convicted on 45 counts of sexually abusing 10 boys over 15 years If the motion fails , defense lawyers may appeal the case
CNN  -- If "  Can I kick it ? " provokes an almost involuntary "  Yes , you can ! " and "  You 're on point , Phife " brings "  All the time , Tip , " then you 're in the right place . If your idea of hip-hop is confined to Snoop Dawg , NWA or Public Enemy , then you 'll also benefit from spending a little time with Q-Tip , Phife Dawg , Ali Shaheed Muhammad and Jarobi White , aka A Tribe Called Quest . In "  Beats , Rhymes & Life : The Travels of a Tribe Called Quest , " actor Michael Rapaport tries out his directorial chops by attempting to document the rise , fall , rise  again  and fall  again  of the seminal New York hip-hop group , achieving mixed results . Although the film is chock-a-block with great music and interesting characters , it lacks a coherent focus and seems to want to be all films to all people . A mixture of footage shot for this film and that from other sources , the documentary jumps back and forth between the band 's early days , their first split in 1998 and their reunion  and subsequent second break-up  in 2008 on the Rock the Bells tour . It gives a reasonably detailed and personal look into what made the band tick as well as what made them stop . Unfortunately , it does n't work as a whole . Great documentaries most often latch on to the universality of their subject and connect on an emotional or intellectual level with their audience . They can be about an obscure , unattractive animal  naked mole rats , anyone ?  , a troubled child in a small town  "  Billy the Kid "  or a wacky modern-day philosopher king/tour guide  "  The Cruise "  , but they have a purpose , a point of view and a connection with the audience . "  Beats , Rhymes & Life , " while loaded with great material , lacks that connection . Clearly charismatic and talented men , the four members of Tribe  White left the group for a significant stretch during its heyday but rejoined them for occasional reunion tours  have a lot to say about how they met , how they worked together and how they broke up , but the film never really pieces this together in any sort of narrative that can be closely followed . Phife Dawg 's health problems  he is a type-1 diabetic who undergoes a kidney transplant during the film  are mentioned , but only White , ironically the least-involved member of the group , shows any real emotions about his friend 's dire health condition . In the film 's only other real showing of emotion , we learn that Phife Dawg 's wife is a match , and she donates one of her kidneys . For New Yorkers or hip-hop fans  of which this critic is both  , the film offers frequent bits of interest , humor and musical delight and is certainly a pleasant way to spend 98 minutes . Phife Dawg is especially loquacious , waxing rhapsodic on subjects as diverse as his eating habits  he lists Lorna Doones as one of the snack foods he 's had to give up  and basketball . In the latter , he 's seen wearing an LA Lakers uniform , and Q-Tip questions him about his allegiance to his hometown New York Knicks and their new star , Amar ' e Stoudemire . Phife replies , rapid-fire , without missing a beat , that he loves the Knicks , but their front office is a mess and "  I like Amar ' e Stoudemire , but I 'm gon na need him to play some defense . " However , while the members of Tribe are all talented and charismatic artists with interesting and compelling stories to tell , "  Beats , Rhymes & Life " does n't tell them fully . It 's a complex story involving music , family , history and the greater world of New York hip-hop  which is in and of itself worth of a film  , and what it comes down to is that Rapaport had so many directions to choose , so much footage to watch , that the film suffers from the overload . Perhaps choosing a subject that is a little less close to his heart will afford Rapaport the distance that is sometimes needed to make a compelling documentary .	For hip-hop fans , the film offers frequent bits of interest , humor and musical delight Phife Dawg is a type-1 diabetic who undergoes a kidney transplant during the film Michael Rapaport has moderate success documenting the group 's rises and falls
He 's played singers , sailors and serial killers , but there 's one role that die-hard fans of Jeff Bridges ca n't get enough of : The stoner . "  Who knows ? Mystery of the unknown , " the Academy-Award winning actor tells CNN about the enduring legacy of "  The Big Lebowski . " "  Maybe it has to do with turning someone on to something you dig ; it is like turning your younger brother on to Led Zeppelin , when he 's ready to get it . " Sprinkle a healthy dose of "  mans " and f-bombs into that quote and it could have been uttered by The Dude himself . "  It 's something that entertains people on a whole other level than most films , " Bridges says , "  and once they 've enjoyed it , they have to share with someone . " The sharing is certainly growing for "  Lebowski . " This March 6 marks the 15th anniversary of the movie 's release . Hard to believe that the Southern Californian odyssey that opened to mixed reviews  The New Yorker called it an "  irritatingly antic caper "  is now considered among the best in the Coen Brothers canon and a bona fide cultural phenomenon . The appreciation goes way beyond the silver screen . Books are written about "  The Big Lebowski , " including one by Bridges himself . There are "  Lebowski Fests " held nationwide where fans gather , often dressed as their favorite characters . The "  Lebowski Fest " slated for Los Angeles March 22-23 features the actors who played Woo , The Malibu Sheriff and the Ralph 's check-out girl who watched The Dude write a 69 cent check for a carton of milk . This past weekend , the now iconic bathrobe worn by Bridges throughout the movie was auctioned off for $ 22,755 , according to Premiere Props in Los Angeles . There 's even the "  Little Lebowski Shop " in New York that sells merchandise ranging from shirts and mugs to action figures and a life-size cutout of The Dude . "  Business has been good , " says Roy Preston , the owner of the store . "  I have customers coming in ranging in age from 8 to 70 and from all over the world . There 's something universal about it that speaks to people . " What 's so universal about an unemployed slacker who wears bathrobes , loves White Russians and hates the Eagles ? "  He 's the unlikely hero of our times , " says Brian Balthazar , editor of the entertainment site popgoestheweek.com . "  There are a lot of people that oddly enough want to be like him , to be completely intent in his apathy in life . And then have this guy embark on a crazy journey ? It is literally the ultimate dude movie . " A dude movie filled with memorable performances . There 's John Goodman as the Vietnam veteran whose observance to the Jewish sabbath prevents him from bowling on Saturdays .  "  I do n't roll on Shabbos " he bellows from the lanes .  John Turturro is the rival bowler named Jesus , who also happens to be a convicted sex offender . Peter Stormare , who played both a porn star and German nihilist in "  Lebowski " laughs when talking about the film 's cult-like following . "  I 'm amazed because it 's bigger than "  The Rocky Horror Picture Show , " he says . "  I 've been to two or three Lebowski fests and it 's pretty bizarre to see 20 Karl Hunguses walking around . It 's an honor and at the same time it 's a little strange . " Stormare is also surprised by the film 's continued success . "  None of us really thought the movie would do well because they did n't do anything big for it when it came out , " he tells CNN . "  They did n't really promote it , and then it caught on like a sleeper and came just roaring as the years went by . " Bridges cautions that "  Lebowski " may not be for everyone . "  Your 12-year-old , or your teeny bopper , or most grandparents just wo n't get it , " he says while making it clear it may be more of a "  guy " thing . "  I can just imagine how many older brothers wait for their younger bros to turn 16 or whatever perfect age for them to truly be able to soak in all of the pointless amazingness that the "  Big Lebowski " has to offer ! All the Dude ever wanted was his rug back ! " The Dude abides , and 15 years later , so does the actor . "  I do n't see this ever stopping or slowing down , " says Bridges .	This March 6 marks the 15th anniversary of "  The Big Lebowski 's " release The flick , which opened to mixed reviews , is now considered a cult hit Bridges : "  Your 12-year-old , or your teeny bopper , or most grandparents just wo n't get it "
CNN  -- Portuguese football coach Jose Mourinho caused outcry this week when he substituted Ghanaian midfielder Sulley Muntari due to his low-energy levels -- which were a result of fasting . Muntari is a practicing Muslim who , like many of the same faith around the world , is currently not eating during the hours of daylight to mark the Ramadan holy period . The midfielder is not the only high-profile player who will be fasting , check out Fanzone 's First XI of Islamic stars . .	Jose Mourinho substituted Sulley Muntari because he had been low energy The Ghanaian midfielder is a Muslim and had been fasting during Ramadan France international Franck Ribery is another high-profile Muslim
London , England  CNN  -- Dutch soccer legend Edgar Davids is confident that South Africa can make a good job of hosting the World Cup , and that the Rainbow nation will benefit from the continent 's first staging of football 's showpiece tournament . The 37-year-old , who won 74 caps in an 11-year international career , was named in FIFA 's team of the tournament after helping the Netherlands finish fourth in France in 1998 . He has not played at the top level since his contract with Dutch club Ajax finished in 2008 , since when he has focused on personal projects and ambassadorial roles , and played in Zinedine Zidane 's Haiti charity match in January . Davids told CNN that he visited South Africa last year and was impressed by the set-up . Have your say on the World Cup . Click here to become a CNN Super Fan . "  I think they will get a lot out of it because you get a lot of media attention and also a financial injection , of course , " he said . "  They can show the world how warm the African population is . I was there three months ago and I was very surprised about how everything is going . I felt very welcome . " Can an African team win the World Cup ? Born in the small South American country of Suriname , Davids was dubbed "  The Pitbull " in his early years at Ajax by coach Louis Van Gaal , and his Juventus boss Marcelo Lippi called the midfielder "  my one-man engine room . " Davids believes African teams can shine at the World Cup , especially now many of their stars have adapted to the European style of play . "  There 's always an African team that will be a dangerous outsider because , at the end of the day , a lot of African players now play abroad , " he said . "  They have adapted to the European style that was always lacking in the African culture . I think they can adapt a bit and maybe have a run from the outside for a chance at the title . " Nurturing football 's grassroots Since leaving Ajax , Davids has concentrated on his Street Soccer projects , which include his own video game and clothing brand , and he turned down a chance to join English second division club Leicester last October . South Africa 's football fanbase has long resided in its poor black population , and Davids believes nurturing the grassroots level is vital . "  It has a social purpose where we go to the bad neighborhoods and help them in a way to really lift up a community , " he said of Street Soccer . "  I was so involved with that that I left my football aspirations aside , and I only want to return if there 's something really really good for me to let this go . I was very fortunate to have a career like this , I wanted to put a lot back for the community . Interactive : Discover Johannesburg 's new Soccer City stadium "  Almost every football player played on the streets . And also a lot of people , not ending up as football players , play on the streets . It 's the beginning of a lot of social gathering . And nowadays kids , with the media of mobile phones , computer games , television , they stay in the house instead of moving and just enjoying themselves . Also the social context is very important nowadays . "  Through soccer , you see also with the World Cup -- it attracts so much more , it 's binding a lot of things . It 's the same thing that happens with Street Soccer , there 's so many things around it . "  We get approached by a lot of schools to work together with them and develop a program where we can help younger guys who drop out of school to stay in school and then say they can work in our projects . " Dutch prospects at South Africa 2010 At the World Cup , which kicks off on June 11 , Davids has high hopes for the Netherlands , who face Denmark , Japan , Cameroon in Group E in South Africa . "  I think they will go through to the finals . If they play as a team , they will definitely go to the finals , " he said . "  If you look at the players individually , we have very good players . The thing is being a team . They already have the experience of the last two big tournaments , I expect them to harvest now what they did in the past . "	Davids believes South Africa can make a good job of hosting the World Cup this year Dutch football legend tells CNN he was impressed by South Africa during a visit last year Davids says African teams have outside chance of making it to the final and winning He has spent the past two years focusing on his Street Soccer projects
CNN  -- Who was the real Charles M. Schulz ? Was he the man who suffered anxiety attacks , remembered slights for decades and put every ounce of existential angst into his comic strip , "  Peanuts " ? Was he the grandfatherly cartoonist hailed as a towering figure in American popular culture , who revolutionized the comic strip and created not only a multimillion-dollar business , but a daily touchstone for fans worldwide ? Or was he between the lines in "  Peanuts " itself , in the melancholy of Charlie Brown , the exuberance of Snoopy , the intellectualism of Linus , the directness of Lucy and the bafflement of Peppermint Patty ? Biographer David Michaelis was intrigued by the seeming divide between the popular image of Schulz -- one the cartoonist fostered in interviews and talk-show appearances -- and the depth of emotion manifested in the comic strip . "  I thought there had to be more , " he says in a phone interview from his home in New York . " -LSB- He said -RSB- things about himself in a self-deprecating way , with such a sense of humor ... but behind so much of it was a real guy who had placed himself in the characters of ` Peanuts . ' There was a certain amount of biographical ore to be mined . " The result of Michaelis ' digging , "  Schulz and Peanuts "  Harper  , appears Tuesday . The book has received mostly glowing reviews , though Schulz 's family -- who agreed to interviews and gave the biographer access to papers -- has been sharply critical of the book 's warts-and-all presentation . "  The whole thing is completely wrong , " Schulz 's daughter , Amy Schulz Johnson , told The New York Times . "  I think -LSB- Michaelis -RSB- wanted to write a book a certain way , and so he used our family . " Added Schulz 's son , Monte : "  It 's preposterous . " Michaelis defends the final work . "  This was the man I found , " he told The Times . Certainly , "  Schulz and Peanuts " has its share of surprises . Michaelis draws parallels between Schulz 's sometimes contentious first marriage and the relationship between Charlie Brown and Lucy , as well as how romantic affairs and fantasies emerged in the strip .  Cleverly , the book 's text is interspersed with hundreds of "  Peanuts " strips that function as a kind of Greek chorus . He observes that a number of character names -- Shermy , Linus , even Charlie Brown -- had real-life roots . And he goes into Schulz 's dark places , from his fear of travel to the death of his mother . Schulz 's personality was established early on . The Minneapolis , Minnesota-born cartoonist , the son of a barber , was a neat , reserved , anxious "  good boy " as a child . He drew constantly -- his first success was a sketch of his dog that was reprinted in "  Ripley 's Believe It or Not " -- but remained lonely and standoffish through his adolescence , terrified of girls , his work dismissed by his high school yearbook in a long-remembered snub . As Michaelis observes , service in World War II hardened and matured the young artist , but Schulz never lost his childhood attributes . His sense of loss was deepened by the death of his mother not long after he joined the Army . Later , he underwent a painful midlife divorce . Schulz once characterized "  Peanuts " -- Snoopy 's fantasy life notwithstanding -- as a study in disappointment . "  All the loves in the strip are unrequited ; all the baseball games are lost ; all the test scores are D-minuses ; the Great Pumpkin never comes ; and the football is always pulled away , " he said . But if disappointment were all there was to "  Peanuts , " the strip never would have had such success , says Michaelis . "  Charlie Brown has to carry Charles Schulz 's spears , and the slings and arrows of the world , " he said . "  But I think Schulz found something in his own character early on , which was fortitude -- which was the single quality he gave to Charlie Brown . ... It 's his fortitude , his endurance , his willingness to do all this without self-pity that makes us love him and admire him . " "  Peanuts " also changed comic strips as we know them , exploiting minimalist lines and existential depth in a way few strips had even attempted , much less in a day-to-day fashion , says "  Pearls Before Swine " cartoonist Stephan Pastis . "  He pretty much invented the modern comic strip , " he says . Pastis compares Schulz 's impact to that of Marlon Brando in film : "  Before Brando , you had one style of film acting , and after , you had another . Schulz did that in the comic strip . "  Pastis , who considers Schulz a hero , now gets to work under his spiritual wing as a member of the board of the Charles M. Schulz Museum . Moreover , despite his aw-shucks manner , Schulz was also a shrewd businessman . "  Peanuts " spawned a hit musical  "  You 're a Good Man , Charlie Brown "  , at least one hit song  the Royal Guardsmen 's "  Snoopy vs. the Red Baron "  , fronted for advertising campaigns , was featured in countless TV specials and generated an empire of commercial goods . When his work was threatened , Schulz stood his ground . CBS was uncomfortable with the Bible verses and jazz music of "  A Charlie Brown Christmas , " but it went on just as planned . Schulz also maintained a keen sense of competition . Though always eager to help young cartoonists , he also liked to show them not to underestimate the old man . "  When I told him that I was in 2,000 papers , he said ` I 'll see you in the Louvre , ' " "  For Better or For Worse " cartoonist Lynn Johnston told the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation . "  He was very competitive -- and he was right ! He was the only one of us in the Louvre , and I 'll never get there . " "  Peanuts " remained the heart of Schulz 's life literally right up until the end . The cartoonist died of cancer on February 12 , 2000 , the day before his final Sunday strip ran . In the end , Schulz 's gift was to expand the world of the comic strip -- and , thereby , expand the world of his readers , Michaelis says . "  He kept saying this : There was complexity in the world , " Michaelis says . "  And people who knew him kept saying there was complexity in his personality . ... The thing that ` Peanuts ' taught us is that contradiction and ambiguity is as much a part of life as sweetness and happiness -- and to see Charles Schulz as any one thing and not another is to deprive him of being the man and the genius he really was . " E-mail to a friend	Charles Schulz subject of new biography , "  Schulz and Peanuts " Book reveals little-known side of Schulz , including affairs Schulz very much a "  genius , " says author -- a complex personality
CNN  -- The power of any pastor over his or her parishioners is derived from their "  calling " to minister the Gospel from God , or as some call it , the anointing by the Holy Spirit . But the role of a pastor -- the Bible speaks to being a shepherd of a flock -- also comes from the belief that it is their moral standing as the earthly representative of God to lead their congregations spiritually . If you read the writings of Paul in 1 Timothy 3  New International Version  , he offers the following instructions : "  Here is a trustworthy saying : If anyone sets his heart on being an overseer , he desires a noble task . Now the overseer must be above reproach , the husband of but one wife , temperate , self-controlled , respectable , hospitable , able to teach , not given to drunkenness , not violent but gentle , not quarrelsome , not a lover of money . He must manage his own family well and see that his children obey him with proper respect .  If anyone does not know how to manage his own family , how can he take care of God 's church  ... He must also have a good reputation with outsiders , so that he will not fall into disgrace and into the devil 's trap . " As we witness the salacious and troubling sex allegations leveled this week against Atlanta megachurch pastor Bishop Eddie L. Long , it is clear that many are confused to hear four young men come forward and allege that the man of the cloth , the husband and father , sexually coerced them and used the power of his prophetic position to engage in sex with them . It is even more shocking considering Long has preached with conviction against homosexuality and gay marriage . The details outlined in three lawsuits -- a fourth man stepped forward on Friday -- have rocked the Christian community . Bishop Long is n't just a preacher with a storefront church . He oversees a massive 240-acre complex in Lithonia , Georgia , just outside of Atlanta , a congregation of 25,000 members , schools , and an international ministry that is seen on TBN , Daystar , The Word Network and online . He is widely respected as a strong man of God who ministers annually to fellow pastors , men , youth and a mega women 's conference . His influence is tremendous and far reaching , even in the areas of education and politics in Georgia . With all that said , and I fully understand that he has vigorously denied the allegations , there is no doubt in my mind that for the sake of the church , Long and his family , he needs to remove himself from the pulpit as the leader of New Birth Missionary Baptist Church in order for the issue to be resolved to its conclusion . In an interview with me on Thursday on the Tom Joyner Morning Show , Long 's attorney , Craig Gillen , said his client would speak for the first time on Sunday at 11 a.m. and address the issue before his congregation . While I disagree with waiting five days since the allegations were revealed -- if someone accused me of doing this and I know in my heart I did n't do it , I would be screaming from the top of Georgia 's Stone Mountain -- Long first and foremost owes an explanation to his personal family , and then his church family . If he does indeed stand before the New Birth family , Long should be honest and forthright , not mince words or engage in double talk . And after whatever he says , he should take it upon himself to "  sit himself down . " In the Christian church , when a pastor is accused of wrongdoing , going through a divorce or violating the biblical call to be above "  reproach , " the senior pastor orders them to be "  sat down . " That means they do n't carry out their ministerial duties . The point is to protect the integrity of the Word of God , as well as to allow that pastor to get his or her affairs in order . As the leader of New Birth , there is no human authority above Long . But he has a heavenly father that he has to answer to , and he must not allow his personal travails to interfere with the good and expansive works of the church . Souls still need to be saved , people still need to be healed , the sick still must be cared for , and the naked clothed . Yet I also hope that when Long speaks , he does one of two things : If in his mind and heart he has done no wrong , he will launch a vigorous defense of his name and integrity and vow with every fiber in his body to fight the charges , even if that means spending every dime he has and not settle the lawsuits . But if he is guilty of what is alleged , I pray that Long does n't stand before his church as its spiritual father and continue the charade of saying "  I did n't do it " and tear into his accusers . God , Long and those young men know what took place , and as someone who has listened to many of his sermons and read his books , Long has often talked about the need for Christians , especially men , to be accountable for their actions and confess their sins . If guilty , and if he truly cares about his enormous flock , he will stand before them and admit to the error of his ways , and not put them through more pain and heartache . He is a charismatic pastor who has always been known to preach an uncompromising Word , unwilling to say what folks want to hear , but instead , what they need to hear . Bishop Long , your congregation and the world do n't want to hear excuses . They do n't want ambiguity . Your motto at New Birth for years has been "  Taking Authority . " This is the time for you to live that credo out before your flock , no matter what the outcome will be . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Four lawsuits have been filed against Bishop Eddie Long Roland Martin says Bishop Long has tremendous influence in the black church and beyond He says Bishop Long should step down to deal with the allegations Martin : He should vigorously defend his name or admit the misdeeds if they happened
Washington  CNN  -- Two women who say they suffered severe medical complications from a generic drug lost their Supreme Court appeal Thursday , essentially ending their separate lawsuits against pharmaceutical manufacturers . The justices in a 5-4 ruling said generic drug companies do not share the same level of responsibility as makers of brand-name equivalents , to update their warning labels when significant new risks emerge . The financial and safety implications from the court 's ruling , could prove enormous . Generic drugs currently account for more than 70 % of prescriptions filled in the United States . That number is expected to rise in the coming years , with patent protection due to expire on several popular and lucrative consumer drugs , including Lipitor and Viagra . The blockbuster health care reform bill championed by President Barack Obama would also encourage greater use of generics . About a third of generic drugs have no brand name competitors . The court split along conservative-liberal lines . "  It is beyond dispute that the federal statutes and regulations that apply to brand-name drug manufacturers are meaningfully different than those that apply to generic drug manufacturers , " said Justice Clarence Thomas . "  Indeed it is the special , and different , regulation of generic drugs that allowed the generic drug market to expand , bringing drugs more quickly and cheaply to the public . " In dissent , Justice Sonia Sotomayor countered , "  These divergent liability rules threaten to reduce consumer demand for generics ... Nothing in the court 's opinion convinces me that , in enacting the requirement that generic labels match their corresponding brand-name labels , Congress intended these results . " Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen Breyer , and Elena Kagan supported Sotomayor . Gladys Mensing of Minnesota and Julie Demahy of Louisiana both were prescribed metoclopramide -- marketed as Reglan by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals -- to treat their heartburn and acid reflux . Their pharmacists separately filled the prescription with a generic equivalent made by PLIVA , Inc. and Actavis , Inc. . After four years of taking the drugs , the women each developed tardive dyskinesia , a severe longterm neurological disorder that causes involuntary muscle movements . They sued the generic manufacturers of the metoclopramide , claiming that inadequate warnings were provided about the long-term risks of taking the medicine . It was also alleged there was growing evidence of the dangers posed by the drug , but that the companies took no steps to change the warning labels . In 2009 , the FDA acted on its own and issued an order to the makers of both brand-name and generic versions of metoclopramide to add a specific warning about the increased risks of developing tardive dyskinesia . The generic drug makers are trying to dismiss the lawsuits . They cite a 1984 congressional law pre-empting state "  failure-to-warn " claims . Drug companies have long asserted various doctrines of pre-emption , saying they are protected from most product-liability claims if they have met federal safety approval standards . They argue that federal regulatory judgments trump state consumer safety laws , which are often tougher than Washington 's standards . But the high court had given a big victory to patients and consumer rights groups in 2009 when it ruled in favor of plaintiff Diana Winn Levine , when she sued Wyeth -- now owned by Pfizer -- after losing an arm to gangrene from a common , brand-name anti-nausea prescription medication . She had won a $ 7 million judgment from a Vermont jury for her claims . Thomas acknowledged that from the plaintiffs ' perspective in the latest cases , "  finding pre-emption here but not in Wyeth makes little sense . " But he added , "  because pharmacists , acting in full accord with state law , substituted generic metoclopramide instead , federal law pre-empts these lawsuits . We acknowledge the unfortunate hand that federal drug regulation has dealt Mensing , Demahy and others similarly situated . " The majority noted Congress and the FDA , not the courts , can now change the law if they want . Sotomayor , expressing her frustration , said , "  As a result of today 's decision , whether a consumer harmed by inadequate warnings can obtain relief turns solely on the happenstance of whether her pharmacist filled her prescription with a brand-name or generic drug . The court gets one thing right : This outcome makes little sense . " The American Association of Justice -- representing trial attorneys -- said the ruling was "  disastrous " for consumers . "  Patients will now be taking generic drugs at their own risk , " said the group 's president Gibson Vance . "  It is absurd that doctors and patients will have to make medical decisions knowing that only brand-name drug manufacturers -- not generics -- can be held accountable for their drugs ' dangerous side-effects . " But one of the generic drug makers sued applauded the high court 's decision . "  This ruling furthers meaningful consumer protection while also safeguarding against lawsuits that threaten the availability of safe and affordable pharmaceutical products by misconstruing the labeling responsibilities of generic manufacturers , " said Activis CEO Doug Boothe . The Obama administration was backing the plaintiffs , concerned that if state lawsuits are pre-empted by federal law , that will reduce the incentive for generic drug makers to provide the most current safety information to the FDA .	Court : Generic drug companies do n't have same responsibility as makers of name brands The court split along conservative-liberal lines Sotomayor : "  These divergent liability rules threaten to reduce consumer demand for generics "
Beijing  CNN  -- At first glance , Chinese President Xi Jinping enters 2014 as the country 's most powerful and popular leader in recent memory . A year into his expected decade-long reign , he has amassed more titles than his two immediate predecessors . Heading not only the ruling Communist Party , the 1.5-million strong military and the state , Xi also sits atop two newly created entities with ultimate authority on the most important issues facing the government : a national security council and a leadership group that decides on the course of the country 's "  overall reform . " His star power has soared , too . Xi 's recent visit to a Beijing restaurant for some cheap steamed buns has turned the eatery into an instant shrine -- with crowds lining up to snap pictures of the table he sat on and order the so-called "  presidential set . " Even his brief New Year 's address won admiration on social media for its human touch , when viewers noticed family photos in the background featuring his glamorous singer wife . With all the apparent political capital and personal charisma at his disposal , is Xi strong enough to launch bold reform amid slowing economic growth and rising public discontent ? In answering the question , people on opposite ends of the political spectrum are surprisingly united in their skepticism . Flies and tigers One of Xi 's most applauded moves since he became the Communist Party chief has been an intensified fight against corruption , a lightning rod for mass discontent across the country . He pledged to target "  flies and tigers " alike in describing his resolve to spare no one regardless of their position . According to state media , some 108,000 officials were disciplined in the first nine months of 2013 and almost 20 minister-level senior officials have fallen from grace since late 2012 . State media has cited the trial and conviction last year of former high-flying politician Bo Xilai -- though called politically motivated by Bo supporters -- as one prime example of Xi 's determination . Bo Xilai : From rising star to scandal China watchers have also detected signs of a possible investigation into Zhou Yongkang , the former domestic security czar and one-time patron of Bo . If announced , Zhou would be the highest-ranking official ever to face corruption charges . "  Xi has made good on his word , " said Han Deqiang , an economics professor at Beihang University in Beijing well known for his passionate advocacy of Maoism . "  There is an obvious link between Xi 's move and the revival of Maoism -- which emphasized the principle of ` serve the people ' and a frugal lifestyle , and allowed Chairman Mao to establish a relatively corruption-free bureaucracy . " Pointing to a series of recent orders to ban official extravagance -- from banquets to year-end gifts -- as well as Xi 's visit to the steamed bun eatery , Han says the new leader is taking a leaf out of the late chairman 's book . However , economist Mao Yushi -- no relation to Chairman Mao -- says Xi has failed to address the roots of corruption . "  Without systemic reform , new cases of corruption will pop up while old ones are being addressed , " he said . "  The fundamental solution is to destroy the soil that breeds corruption -- the opportunities for officials to take bribes in areas like land control and family planning . " War and peace On December 26 , Xi paid homage to Mao Zedong in his mausoleum on the 120th anniversary of the late chairman 's birth . The same day , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe defied Chinese warnings and visited a controversial war shrine in Tokyo , capping a year of fast-deteriorating Sino-Japanese relations stemming from competing claims over a chain of islands in the East China Sea . China , Japan deploy Harry Potter villain in latest spat China has certainly flexed its military muscles since Xi took control , sending its only aircraft carrier for a month-long training mission late last year in the South China Sea , where it is also locked in territorial disputes with several neighboring countries . Most noticeably , though , the Chinese military last November declared an air defense identification zone  ADIZ  in the East China Sea that includes the disputed islands . Despite objections from the United States and its allies , the Chinese military has warned that it would identify , monitor and respond to any air threats or unidentified flying objects coming from the sea . China 's air defense zone : What you need to know Cheered by nationalists , who have yearned for the return of Mao-era hardline stance against the Americans or Soviets , the ADIZ move is seen by some hawks as a sign of Xi 's increasing strength and confidence . Following Abe 's shrine visit , the Beijing government has declared him "  not welcome " in China . "  Abe 's shrine visit has given Xi the perfect excuse to project his power both at home and abroad , " said Hu Jia , one of China 's most prominent human rights activists , who was imprisoned for more than three years for his advocacy . "  Abe helped Xi , who needs a rallying cry and an angle to divert public attention from domestic problems . "  But more and more ordinary citizens are seeing through this and no longer willing to be used as the government 's pawn . " ` Who am I ? ' Left , center or right -- no matter where one stands ideologically -- Xi seems to keep sending everyone mixed signals . Before Maoists could finish savoring the news of Xi bowing in front of Mao 's preserved body in his mausoleum and praising the late chairman on his anniversary , the president reportedly made no mention of Mao in his extensive remarks to senior government advisers on New Year 's Eve and emphasized "  liberating our thoughts " instead . Xi 's fight against corruption and populist style have won him genuine admiration from a young , well-educated urban crowd . But he has also stifled freedom of speech in social media and cracked down on a nascent civil society movement -- often alienating or antagonizing the same demographic . China 'em ploys 2 million to police internet ' Most controversial of all , in a widely circulated speech , Xi raised the notion of "  not using the second 30 years  of the People 's Republic  to repudiate the first 30 years , and vice versa . " The first three decades of Communist rule after 1949 -- commonly referred to as the Mao era -- was largely remembered in the West as an isolated regime , a failed planned economy and a nation thrown into chaos by Mao 's Cultural Revolution . The second three decades started in the late 1970s when late paramount leader Deng Xiaoping launched economic reform and re-opened the country to the outside world -- a period marked by breakneck economic growth as well as rising social tensions brought by a widening income gap and rampant corruption . For Maoists , the "  two 30 years " concept appears to be a natural correction to Deng and his successors ' deviation from the orthodox system . "  Chairman Mao is our founding father -- rejecting him means the rejection of the regime 's legitimacy , " said Professor Han , who has expressed disapproval of what happened to Bo , a big proponent of reviving Maoism . "  The top leadership has noticed the grassroots support for Maoism and taken action to reaffirm the regime 's foundation . " Economist Mao holds a more nuanced view . He says Xi has made some progress with reforms amid strong resistance from entrenched interest groups . "  Maoists are his biggest threats because they are against reform and opening-up , which they consider to be a path of capitalist exploitation , " he said . "  Why bother reform at all if you do n't thoroughly reject the Maoist ideology ? "  So the fundamental questions about Xi remain : What does he stand for ? What does he want ? What are his values ? " Other than an ambiguous notion of fulfilling the great Chinese Dream , it seems that Xi has n't given clear answers to these challenging questions . And as divisions in Chinese society grow deeper , time may not be on his side -- and the future of 1.3 billion people is at stake .	President Xi Jinping has assumed complete control of China in past 12 months One of Xi 's most applauded moves has been an intensified fight against corruption He 's pledged to spare no one regardless of their position or influence China has also flexed its military muscles since Xi took control
It 's been more than a century since Istanbul 's residents were kept awake at night by the howling of tens of thousands of stray dogs . The dogs were rounded up and shipped to a deserted island in the Marmara Sea where they starved to death -- all part of a government-led effort to modernize Istanbul . But the stories surrounding the so-called "  Great Dog Massacre of 1910 " are still fresh in the minds of Turkey 's animal rights activists . Today , these activists are staging massive protests against a proposal to create "  natural habitat parks " for stray cats and dogs in Turkey 's urban areas . These parks , they say , would really be concentration camps for stray animals . "  It 's a law that might be killing hundreds of thousands of dogs and cats and little animals , " said Michael Halfie , a television personality who joined thousands of demonstrators , many of whom marched with their pet dogs , through downtown Istanbul late last month . "  We are now the voice of these voiceless , wonderful animals . " Supporters of the bill insist that the proposed law would protect these animals , who are left to fend for themselves on the city streets . "  The purpose of the law is to ensure a comfortable life for animals and that they be treated well , " according to the government ministry that wrote Draft Law 5199 . The ministry also said the law would "  ensure that they are protected as best as possible from bad treatment , pain and suffering . " In recent weeks , animal rights activists have staged colorful , furious protests in Istanbul and more than a dozen other cities and towns across Turkey , criticizing the proposed legislation in the starkest terms before it was even submitted to a parliamentary vote . "  I am here only because I love animals . They are not animals for me , they are like my children , " said Romali Perihan . Perihan , an actress and singer from Turkish films of the 1970s and '80s who sported brightly dyed pink hair , strained to be heard over the roar of a crowd of protesters in Istanbul . "  I 'm a soprano , I need my voice . But for animals I lost my voice ! " she yelled . The "  natural habitat parks " outlined in the proposed legislation would be temporary homes for strays when there is n't enough room in animal shelters , until they are adopted , according to the Turkish Forestry and Water Works Ministry . "  They will be looked after , fed and sheltered , " explained the ministry in an e-mail to CNN . The parks would be built on the outskirts of cities , and would be equipped with facilities for visiting school groups , as well as veterinary departments , according to the ministry 's blueprints . But some animal rights activists fear the natural habitat parks will become dumping grounds for stray animals , a charge the Forestry Ministry bluntly denies . "  As a lawyer , when I read the article , it says un-owned animals will be collected . Which means to me any kind of animals you see around , even the ones I own -- if they run away into the street , it 's a potential animal to be collected , " said Deniz Taysanl Kalafatoglu , vice president of the Istanbul Bar Association 's Animal Rights Commission . Animals are furry fixtures on the street corners of nearly every Turkish neighborhood . In Istanbul , Turkey 's largest city , it 's not unusual to see cafes and bars adopting strays as pets -- cats even take seats at bars to lap up saucers of milk , next to patrons sipping more fermented substances . The practice of feeding and caring for neighborhood strays extends to butcher shops and even street vendors . In Istanbul 's throbbing Taksim Square , Husnu Atac sells the Turkish bagel known as "  simit " from his car . Next to him , a white dog basks in the autumn sun . "  I love him by my side , " said Atac , who named the dog Reis , which means chief in Turkish . Atac noted that in recent weeks , municipal workers had collected at least five other stray dogs that he used to feed regularly . "  If the state ca n't guarantee that they will take care of the animals , " Atac said , "  then we are willing to take care of them . " Turkey 's government insists there will be no round-up of strays . "  Cats and dogs being rounded up , not the case , " the Turkish Forestry Ministry wrote in a blunt , one-line response to an e-mail question from CNN asking whether it should be acceptable to have dogs and cats living in Turkish streets . Critics have also latched on to another vaguely worded clause of the proposed law that would limit the number of animals in a single household . Some pet owners expressed fear the law would force them to give up their beloved animals . When asked about the proposed limits to pet ownership , the Forestry Ministry responded , "  The number and type of domesticated or accessory animals will be determined by taking into consideration the ecological needs of the animals , the conditions of the space , and human health . " One thing that both sides seem to agree on is the proposed criminalization of abuse of animals . "  Under the current  animal rights  law , the torture and sexual exploitation of animals only receives an administrative fine , " the Forestry Ministry wrote . "  The draft law proposes a criminal punishment of up to 2 years of torture which can lead to death , and up to 1 year for sexual exploitation . " Fukushima 's animals abandoned and left to die Little of charity 's money going to help animals U.S. , Mexico volunteers team up to help strays in Tijuana	A proposed bill would create "  habitat parks " for stray animals in Turkey Protesters oppose the measure , saying the parks would be "  concentration camps " Supporters say strays would be fed and sheltered at the parks Turkey denies allegations that it is rounding up strays
CNN  -- Barcelona came from behind to beat arch-rivals Real Madrid 3-2 in the Nou Camp in the first leg of the Spanish Super Cup on Thursday . Spanish champions Real took a 55th minute lead when Cristiano Ronaldo headed home from a Mesut Ozil corner , but their lead lasted just a minute as Pedro equalized for the home side . The game had come to life in the second half and both sides had good opportunities before Lionel Messi scored from the penalty spot after Sergio Ramos had pulled down Andres Iniesta . Spain star Iniesta then set away his midfield partner Xavi to score Barcelona 's third . A comfortable two-goal advantage seemed enough to set the seal on a great night for the Catalan giants . But they were undone five minutes from time when their goalkeeper Victor Valdes tried to take the ball around Angel Di Maria , lost possession and gifted the Argentine an open goal . It means Barcelona will take only a slender lead into the second leg in the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium next Wednesday . "  One of our aims was to score in the Nou Camp , that goal from Di Maria changed everything , " Real captain Iker Casillas told the club 's official website . New Barca coach Tito Vilanova refused to blame his goalkeeper . "  We asked him to do that . If he boots the ball down the field we would n't have any semblance of a passing style of play , " said Vilanova . "  During these years he 's given us a lot and he 's helped us build our play up from the back . "  The result is n't definitive for either side . It 's good that we won but we could have ended the match with a larger margin of victory yet , in the end , the result was pretty tight . " Real boss Jose Mourinho admitted that his side had struggled at the outset , but battled back into the game . "  I did n't enjoy the first half . Sometimes you play a way you do n't want to . The opponent has the ability to change the game plan you have and Barcelona did that in the first half , " Mourinho said . "  They pressed well and did n't let us play . We defended well and we occupied defensive positions , but Barcelona was better . It might appear as though it was a defensive plan , but it was n't and we showed that in the second half , where we played completely differently . " In Europa League qualifying action Thursday , an own goal from Andy Webster gave Liverpool a 1-0 win at Scottish side Hearts in their first leg tie . Fellow English Premier League side Newcastle held Greek side Atromitos to a 1-1 draw while Italian giants Inter Milan were 2-1 winners at Romania 's FC Vaslui . Last year 's runners-up Athletic Bilboa thumped HJK Helsinki 6-0 and Marseille were 2-1 winners at Sheriff Tiraspol .	Barcelona beat Real Madrid 3-2 in Spanish Super Cup first leg Late Angel Di Maria goal gives Real hope for second leg Lionel Messi , Andres Iniesta and Xavi scored for Barca who led 3-1 Liverpool and Inter Milan secure away wins in Europa League qualifying
CNN  -- A United Kingdom budget airline has apologized to its Jewish customers after loading ham and bacon baguettes on to the flight instead of the standard kosher food . EasyJet said it made the mistake on a flight from Israel to London . Some passengers were forced to go hungry during the 4 1/2 - hour trip from Tel Aviv . An airline spokeswoman said incorrect food canisters were loaded onto the aircraft , though pork was not served to passengers . EasyJet 's standard practice is to offer kosher and vegetarian sandwiches onboard Israeli flights , the spokeswoman said . She said the airline also offers nonkosher products but its policy is not to load any pork products . "  We would like to apologize to the passengers , and can confirm we have done everything we can to ensure that this does not happen again , " the airline said .	EasyJet says it made the mistake on a flight from from Tel Aviv to London It says incorrect food canisters were loaded onto the aircraft
CNN  -- What a difference a day makes . On July 2 , Stephanie Headley was counting the days she had left to live . The Ottawa woman is suffering from an autoimmune disease that , without expensive treatment , will cause her heart to fail . On July 3 , thanks to a mysterious stranger who showed up at her door , she had in her hands more than enough money to get the treatment that can save her life . Two weeks later , she still struggles to explain the dramatic change in her fortune . "  This is a miracle " she told CNN partner CBC , referring to the mystery donor as an "  angel that walks among us . " Hope with a cost For 12 long years , the single mother of four has battled systemic scleroderma . The disease causes her body to overproduce collagen , making her skin , vital organs and blood vessels hard . Eventually the disease would have caused her heart to fail . And Headley says she felt time was running out . But Headley had hope . She told the Canadian TV stations , CBC and CTV , that she 'd found a doctor in Chicago who could do a stem cell treatment . One with an 80 % success rate . However , the treatment came with a hefty $ 125,000  US$ 116,000  price tag -- far out of reach for Headley . Turning to the Internet In the age of the Internet , Headley and her family did what many others in similar situations do : they started a fundraising page online . Money began coming in . And on July 3 , a man called the house saying he too wanted to donate . Looking back , Headley remembers there were unusual things about the phone call . He had a monotone voice , a deliberately altered one . Maybe it was so she would n't recognize him , Headley told CBC . The stranger also said he 'd bring a bank draft , which made Headley think his donation could be substantial . So , she wrote a thank you note and got ready to greet the man . The stranger at the door The man turned up wearing reflective sunglasses , a hat and a coat buttoned all the way up . He handed her an envelope without the hint of a smile . He was "  completely stone-faced " she told CBC . "  I handed him the thank you card . " Then as he turned to go , she said , "  I said ` God bless you . ' Then he smiled a big smile . " He walked off . Headley went inside not knowing what the envelope contained . "  When I opened it , I thought I was seeing the numbers wrong , the decimals wrong , the zeroes wrong . " The draft was for $ 128,000  US$ 119,000 A windfall Headley could n't believe it . She collapsed , she cried . She even hyperventilated , she told CBC . "  I said ` Thank you God ! Oh my God , I 'm going to be saved ! ' " Then when she regained her wits and walked outside to seeif she could find her benefactor he was gone . There was no trace of the tall , slender man with the big check . But if they could find him , Headley told CTV , "  I would give him a big hug " and tell him , "  You have absolutely saved my family . " Skylar Skinkle , Headley 's daughter , summed it up best . She told CTV : "  This is my mom 's life on a piece of paper . " Woman gets donor kidney after husband 's efforts to find one went viral	Headley : Mystery donor is an "  angel that walks among us " The woman needs treatment to cause her heart from failing But the price tag is out of her reach The man hands her the money and walks away
Lonely Planet  -- Go west , young man ! This historic clichÃ © still resonates when it comes to road trips . But whether it 's bombing to the Bay Area along the often dull-as-dirt I-80 or trying to find traces of iconic Route 66 amid a tangle of bland Interstates , the old paradigm of thinking horizontal when planning a road trip is simply not the way to go . Many of the best and most interesting roads in the U.S. run north to south , crossing the nation 's striations and taking you from northern weather and cultures to entirely different ones down south . As a bonus these roads pack a lot into routes that are often shorter than the east-west standbys . New York to San Francisco is about 2900 miles by the most direct route , snoozy I-80 . But Chicago to Miami on the legendary US 41 through Nashville is only 1400 miles and a thrilling journey from start to finish . Often overlooked , the old national highways  with route numbers proceeded by ` US '  offer some incredible north-south journeys . At times the routes disappear under modern interstates but these are mere interruptions in authentic journeys of discovery and adventure . Here are some favorites . Lonely Planet : How to survive a boring road trip US 1  2400 miles One of the great American road trips , this fabled road starts at the Canadian border in Maine and goes all the way south to the tip of the nation in Key West , Florida . Along the way it traverses 15 states , including 12 of the original 13 colonies . It hugs Connecticut 's shore , razors across New York City , crosses Washington DC and hits the old south at Richmond , Va. . Its rural meanderings in Georgia pass towns little changed in decades before it joins the balmy Atlantic coast in Florida and follows the beaches all the way through Miami and on to the Keys . Summer Travel : 10 best motorcycle roads in the U.S. US 41  2000 miles From the tip of Michigan 's Upper Peninsula , where Lakes Superior and Michigan bracket the road , US 41 follows the latter lake down the coast of Wisconsin and into Chicago . There it veers southeast and wanders through the dense woods of Indiana and Kentucky , which abound in pioneer sites , especially ones linked to Abraham Lincoln . In Tennessee , the highlight is Nashville , the music city , before the road bounces down to Atlanta . In Florida US 41 links the resort towns of the Gulf Coast before cutting due east through the heart of the Everglades to Miami . Lonely Planet : The planet 's ultimate drives US 61  1400 miles From a start in the lake-dotted prairies just north of Minneapolis-St Paul , US 61 stays with the Mississippi River through Wisconsin , Iowa and Missouri , where it passes through Mark Twain country in Hannibal and the urban pleasures of St Louis . Continuing south through rural Arkansas and Tennessee , the route earns its legendary moniker ` the Blues Highway ' as it follows the sinuous course of the mighty Mississippi through its namesake state 's Delta Region . Crossing into Louisiana , US 61 ends fittingly at the blues clubs and other myriad pleasures of New Orleans . Summer Travel : Secret hotels of Florida 's Gulf Coast US 83  1900 miles The sleeper of great US roads , US 83 is anything but a snooze , especially if you want hundreds of miles of driving through wide-open spaces , often little changed since the last Conestoga wagon passed through . From Manitoba to Mexico , the route runs near-arrow-straight south through North and South Dakota , Nebraska , Kansas and Oklahoma . The skies are big , the vistas wide and the small towns offer respite from chain-filled Interstate interchanges . In Texas , the beautiful Hill Country is a highlight before the road hits the troubled yet fascinating Mexican border at Laredo and follows the Rio Grande River to Brownsville . Lonely Planet : Top 10 places to view the golden gate bridge US 89  1250 miles No US highway hits more iconic national parks than US 89 , starting with Glacier near the Canadian border in Montana . Hugging the east side of the Rocky Mountains it passes Yellowstone at the Wyoming border and then drops down behind the iconic Grand Teton . In Utah it passes the mineral-laced waters of the Great Salt Lake and in the south cuts between Zion and Bryce Canyon National Parks . Over the line in Arizona is the biggest spectacle of all , the Grand Canyon . Although US 89 officially ends at Flagstaff , you can follow its original route south through Tucson and Saguaro National Park to Nogales and the Mexican border . US 101  1500 miles Easily one of the most famous American highways , a journey along US 101 is the reason for many a trip . The road starts on the Olympic Peninsula across Puget Sound from Seattle . Then it curves around to the Pacific , which it never strays far from all the way south . The views become spectacular at Astoria , Oregon and never diminish as you pass the giant redwoods of Northern California right until San Francisco . Although many people opt for Hwy 1 south of here , staying with US 101 takes you through Steinbeck Country and Salinas and on past the historic 17th century Spanish missions that once lined what was then called the El Camino Real . At Paso Robles , hundreds of wineries vie for attention before the highway encounters the beautiful Southern California coast and follows the beaches through Santa Barbara . Further on it picks up the evocative name Hollywood Freeway and ends near downtown Los Angeles . Originally published as "  America 's Best North-South Roads " Â © 2012 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved . © 2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	Traverse 15 states along US 1 from Maine to Key West Take US 61 from Minnesota to New Orleans , stopping for blues in Mississippi No U.S. highway hits more iconic national parks than US 89
CNN  -- The morning after a masked gunman killed two people and wounded six more at a party , police in Indianapolis , Indiana , were still on the scene investigating , authorities said Tuesday . Indianapolis police said the victims were Barbara Johnson , 37 , who lived at the home where the shots were fired , and Charles Mays , 54 , also of Indianapolis . Investigators had found two cars that may be related to the incident , Indianapolis police Lt. Jeff Duhamell said Tuesday . Police have recovered a silver/green Chrysler 300 sedan "  that had been shot several times " that may be the suspect 's vehicle , an Indianapolis police news release said . The vehicle was found parked and unoccupied and was towed for further investigation , it said . Earlier in the morning , investigators found a silver Dodge Charger that they believe was initially at the crime scene , and then was driven away by someone attending the party , Duhamell said . Video from CNN affiliate WISH showed the vehicle was riddled with bullets . But no one inside that vehicle was wounded , the news release said . The incident happened in the "  near northwest " part of the city , in a neighborhood rife with gun violence , drugs and prostitution , Indianapolis police Sgt. Michael Jefferson said . Seven victims were found outside the house where the party was going on . The eighth victim was found in a vehicle less than a mile away . "  It makes you sick . And it makes you wonder , ` Why are people so bent on killing each other , shooting each other ? For what ? ' " an unidentified neighbor told CNN affiliate WISH . "  I do n't know what 's going on , what 's happening in our neighborhood . Hopefully , we can get some help over here . And the young people have taken over . They 're doing whatever they want to do . " Read , watch WISH 's coverage Witnesses said that around midnight , at least one person got out of a car , put on a mask and fired what appeared to be an assault rifle at a crowd gathered at the party , Duhamell said . "  Unfortunately , two people were killed , " he told WISH . "  We 're talking at least 25-30 rounds from a high-powered rifle , so although eight people were shot , it could 've been a lot worse . " The six other gunshot victims , all Indianapolis residents , were rushed to hospitals , Duhamell said . Clarian Health spokesman Gene Ford said Tuesday morning that four patients had been brought to Methodist Hospital . Tamera Williams , 32 , and Nakeisha Morris , 24 , were treated and released , he said , and he was unable to disclose information on Jewel Dotson , 21 , and Prinsonia Johnson , 54 . Wishard Hospital received two victims . Willie Battles , 28 , was treated and released , while Kendall Hill , 25 , remained in the intensive care unit in good condition , hospital spokesman Todd Harper said Tuesday morning . Police had initially been sent to the vicinity of the party around 10 p.m. Monday after they received a call about a person toting an automatic weapon , Jefferson said . Investigators were still searching for the gunman Tuesday morning and trying to determine if others were involved . CNN 's Samuel Gardner and Mark Morgenstein contributed to this story	NEW : Barbara Johnson , 37 , was killed at her Indianapolis home Police are processing a vehicle they say may have been used in the shooting A police spokesman tells CNN affiliate WISH "  it could 've been a lot worse " Police are still searching for the suspect who fired an assault rifle into a crowded party
CNN  -- Much-needed rain fell across drought-stricken Texas on Sunday , offering relief but no end to what 's been one of the state 's driest years on record . Some areas received more rain in a day than had fallen all summer . Waco , Texas , where temperatures hit at least 100 degrees Fahrenheit 78 days this year , received 5.83 inches of rain , according to the National Weather Service . Dallas got 1.37 inches of rain , while San Antonio received 3.06 inches -- a record for the date . The weather service forecast rainfall amounts over the central and southern Plains of 1-3 inches per hour , with totals of more than 10 inches possible in some places by Monday morning . "  This should put a significant dent in the ongoing severe drought over portions of the area , but this amount of rain in a short period of time could also lead to possible flash flooding across northern Texas and Oklahoma , " the weather service said . It added that drought conditions are expected to persist because of the magnitude of the shortage . With much of the state in an exceptional drought , Texas has been scarred by one of the worst fire seasons in memory . Since wildfire season started in November , more than 3.8 million of the state 's 167.5 million acres have burned in some 24,000 fires , according to the Texas Forest Service . Roughly 2,800 homes were destroyed . "  What the state needs is several widespread rainfall events over several months , " the weather service said . Heavy rains and slippery field conditions at Rangers Ballpark in Arlington forced the postponement Sunday of the second game of the American League Championship Series . Weather permitting , the Texas Rangers and Detroit Tigers will make up the game Monday afternoon . CNN 's Jacqui Jeras contributed to this report .	Some areas receive more rain in a day than they had all summer Drought conditions are expected to persist Texas has been scarred by one of the worst fire seasons in memory Baseball playoff game postponed till Monday
CNN  -- Chelsea struck a major blow in the English Premier League title race with a controversial 2-1 victory over champions Manchester United on Saturday that put the London club two points clear at the top of the table with five matches to play . Carlo Ancelotti 's team traveled to Old Trafford to face a side reeling from the loss of injured England star Wayne Rooney following the midweek European Champions League defeat by Bayern Munich . The Italian coach opted to leave his own key forward Didier Drogba on the substitutes ' bench , but the Ivory Coast international scored a decisive goal with 11 minutes to play despite being clearly offside . United boss Alex Ferguson was left fuming at the decision . "  What I ca n't understand is the linesman 's directly in front of it . He has no-one near him and he gets it wrong , " the Scot told Sky Sports . "  A game of that magnitude , you really need quality officials and we did n't get them today . It was a poor , poor performance . "  Five games left , they 're two points ahead and four goals better than us -- they 're in the driving seat . Chelsea are favorites now , there 's no question . I 'm certain we 'll respond but we could win the next five games and not win it . " United hit back with a late bundled goal from young substitute Federico Macheda , which television replays showed came off the Italian 's arm , but Bulgaria striker Dimitar Berbatov could not convert a chance to equalize in time added on . Chelsea , who had scored 12 goals in the two previous matches and did not have to play in midweek following last month 's Champions League exit against Inter Milan , started the game in dominant form . Man of the match Florent Malouda set up the opening goal in the 20th minute , with the France winger surging past Darren Fletcher into the penalty area and providing a low cross that England midfielder Joe Cole cheekily backheeled past goalkeeper Edwin Van Der Sar . Both teams had penalty claims turned down before halftime , and Berbatov missed United 's first real chance with a header after an hour . Drogba replaced Nicolas Anelka in the 69th minute , and 10 minutes later he had the ball in the net after collecting a pass from fellow substitute Salomon Kalou despite being further forward than United 's last two defenders . United pulled a goal back with nine minutes to play as substitute Nani broke down the left and his cross rebounded off goalkeeper Petr Cech , onto Macheda and into the Chelsea net , with visiting captain John Terry appealing in vain for handball . Berbatov , who started on his own up front in place of Rooney , then tamely volleyed Gary Neville 's cross into the arms of Cech as Chelsea held on for a deserved victory . Third-placed Arsenal kept their title hopes alive with a last-gasp 1-0 victory at 10-man Wolverhampton which left Arsene Wenger 's team three points behind London rivals Chelsea . Wolves had captain Karl Henry sent off for a foul on Tomas Rosicky in the 66th minute , but Arsenal could not take advantage until deep into injury-time when substitute striker Nicklas Bendtner headed in Bacary Sagna 's cross . Manchester City moved up to fourth place above Tottenham with a 6-1 thrashing of Burnley in Saturday 's late match that left their near neighbors deep in relegation trouble . Roberto Mancini 's team were 4-0 up after 20 minutes , and led 6-0 before an hour had been played as Emmanuel Adebayor scored twice along with goals from fellow strikers Craig Bellamy and Carlos Tevez . Patrick Vieira and Vincent Kompany were also on target before Steven Fletcher 's 71st-minute consolation for the home side . Tottenham 's hopes of qualifying for the Champions League took a big blow with a 3-1 defeat at Sunderland , for whom the London club 's former striker Darren Bent scored twice -- the first after only 36 seconds and the second from the penalty spot . England World Cup hopeful Bent also had two spot-kicks saved by Tottenham goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes as he took his tally to 23 for the season . Sunderland also had a goal disallowed as Steve Bruce 's team consolidated 13th place , a comfortable 11 points clear of the bottom three . Aston Villa bounced back from the 7-1 thrashing at Chelsea with a 1-0 win at Bolton to join sixth-placed Liverpool -- who travel to Birmingham on Sunday -- on 54 points . England international Ashley Young fired an 11th-minute winner to leave Bolton five points above the relegation zone . Stoke moved up to 10th with a 2-0 victory that left Hull in the bottom three , equal on points with West Ham , who travel to Everton on Sunday . Jamaica forward Ricardo Fuller gave Stoke a sixth-minute lead , and Hull were reduced to 10 minutes after Dutch midfielder George Boateng was carried off after being kicked in the head before Liam Lawrence scored a late second . Bottom club Portsmouth delayed their inevitable relegation with a 0-0 draw at home to Blackburn despite having defender Anthony Van den Borre sent off with half an hour to play . Avram Grant 's team would have gone down if they had lost and Hull had won .	Chelsea move two points clear at the top of the English Premier League with vital victory London club defeat champions Manchester United in controversial match Didier Drogba 's second-half goal put Chelsea 2-0 up but substitute striker was offside United hit back with goal by replacement Federico Macheda , who seemed to use his arm
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A threatened Israeli attack on Iran 's nuclear program carries enormous risks for the Jewish state , including international isolation , retaliation at home and abroad , and steep economic costs . And that 's if it works . While Israel has the most advanced military in the Middle East -- including a suspected-but-undeclared nuclear arsenal of its own -- Israeli analysts say there 's no guarantee that a unilateral strike will roll back an Iranian program it sees as a threat to its survival . Yet that 's the choice observers say the Jewish state may soon face , and some argue the benefits would outweigh the costs military action would incur . A successful raid would set back Iran 's uranium enrichment effort by "  several years , " said Ephraim Kam , the deputy director at the Israeli Institute for National Security Studies . And in a recent op-ed in The New York Times , Amos Yadlin , Israel 's former head of military intelligence , argued that previous Israeli strikes against nuclear installations in Iraq and Syria successfully forced those countries to drop their nuclear programs . "  This could be the outcome in Iran if military action is followed by tough sanctions , stricter international inspections and an embargo on the sale of nuclear components to Tehran , " Yadlin wrote . "  Iran , like Iraq and Syria before it , will have to recognize that the precedent for military action has been set , and can be repeated . " Israeli authorities argue that if Iran develops nuclear weapons , it would trigger a Middle Eastern arms race among Iran 's rivals for regional influence . "  Failure to prevent Iran from nearing the nuclear threshold will undoubtedly intensify the drive of other states in the region for nuclear weapons , " said Shmuel Bar , director of studies at the Israeli Institute of Policy and Strategy . "  The initial countries , which will attempt to acquire a military nuclear capability , would include Saudi Arabia , Turkey , Egypt , Iraq , Libya and in its path , other North African countries . " A successful Israeli attack on Iran would eliminate the need for other countries in the region to develop such programs , proponents argue . And a severe blow to Iran could also weaken its proxies along Israel 's borders , Hezbollah in southern Lebanon and Hamas in Gaza . Both groups receive generous Iranian backing and have staged attacks against Israel and Israeli targets overseas . Weakening Iran could free Israel to act more aggressively in combating those groups in the future , according to some Israeli analysts who fear the groups would become more brazen backed by a nuclear-armed Iran . "  If the Iranian regime weakens as a result of a successful attack , this would undoubtedly have an impact on Hamas and Hezbollah , " said Yossi Melman , an independent Israeli commentator on security and strategic affairs . He said Hezbollah "  is likely to suffer a heavy price if it chooses to join the battle and attack Israel , " while by knocking out Iran 's nuclear fuel plants , "  Israel will show its determination of not allowing Iran to acquire a nuclear weapon in hope that it understands the message for the future . " But Iran has pledged a swift and powerful response to any attack , most likely through missile attacks on Israel . "  This may come in the shape of a large number of rockets and missiles fired from Iran itself , possibly also by Hezbollah and Hamas , " Kam said . According to Israeli military estimates , there are tens of thousands of short-range rockets that could be fired from Hezbollah-controlled southern Lebanon and the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip , while a much smaller number of long-range missiles could be launched from Iran . "  The whole of Israel is vulnerable , " Israeli Deputy Prime Minister Dan Meridor warned recently . "  They are not just going to hit Israeli soldiers . The main aim is at civilian populations . " And Kam said Iran and its allies may respond indirectly as well , by carrying out attacks "  against Israeli and Jewish targets around the world . " In addition , it might try to disrupt the world energy markets and antagonize Persian Gulf Arab regimes by closing the Strait of Hormuz , the choke point for about 20 % of the global oil trade . Iran says its production of enriched uranium is strictly to fuel civilian power plants and a medical research reactor . But the United States and Israel accuse it of working toward nuclear weaponry . The International Atomic Energy Agency , the U.N. nuclear watchdog , says it can no longer verify that the Iranian program is strictly peaceful . Analysts CNN consulted say an Israeli attack may spur Tehran to pursue the bomb openly . "  Even if a few nuclear plants are destroyed , it will take several years to rebuild them and give Iran legitimacy to say , ` We were attacked by a nuclear power , and now we must defend ourselves , ' " Melman told CNN . Meanwhile , Meir Javedanfar , an Iran expert at Israel 's Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya , warns that an attack could lead Iranians to rally around the flag , bolstering the hand of theocratic government and further setting back the Western hopes for regime change . "  The regime is likely to use such opportunity to eradicate any form of opposition against it in the country , " Javedanfar said . And an unsuccessful attack could further tarnish the reputation of an Israeli military that came under severe criticism at home following its 2006 war with Hezbollah . Hezbollah claimed victory after that conflict and enjoyed a surge in regional popularity , while Israeli commanders came under fire for being inadequately prepared for the fight . "  During the operation , one needs to take into account that it may fail , that targets will not be destroyed and that a large number of Israeli planes would be taken down , " Kam said . In addition , an Israeli attack conducted without prior notification to the United States could severely strain relations with Washington , its leading ally -- especially if American military or civilian sites in the region were targeted as part of an Iranian retaliation . Israeli relations with Jordan and Egypt , the two Arab countries with which it maintains peace treaties , could be hurt . A sharp rise in energy prices as the result of a regional conflict would not do Israel any favors in the court of global opinion , possibly prompting boycott and sanctions campaigns . Israeli airspace could be closed to commercial traffic , and the country 's lucrative tourism industry would be expected to grind to a halt . And a prolonged conflict could result in the closure or slowdown of a variety of industries and businesses costing the Israeli economy billions of dollars . "  The economy could lose a year 's growth and even go into negative growth , many will lose their jobs and unemployment will rise , " Adam Reuter , chairman of an Israeli investment house and the CEO of the Financial Immunities consulting firm , recently told Israeli news portal Ynet . Couple those prospects with the high cost of rebuilding damaged civilian and military infrastructure , and the price tag of a unilateral strike quickly goes up . "  The biggest disadvantage of all is war , " Melman said . "  There is always an uncertainty . Once you start a war , you never know how it is going to finish . "	Israel could face isolation and retaliation if it attacks Iran A successful raid could set back Iran 's uranium enrichment effort by several years Israel must balance the risks and benefits of attacking nuclear sites in Iran
CNN  -- Lance Armstrong may be associated with cycling and doping allegations , but for many , his greatest strides have been against cancer . The cancer awareness organization that Armstrong founded , the Lance Armstrong Foundation , has been flooded with supportive e-mails and calls in the last 12 hours , said Doug Ulman , its president and CEO . Armstrong announced late Thursday that he would give up his fight against charges of illegal doping , allegations that he has repeatedly denied . The messages range from "  I 'm more committed now than I ever have been " to "  I 'm so sorry you guys have had to deal with this issue , ca n't wait to be more supportive in the future , " Ulman said . A lot of notes from cancer survivors say they 'll never forget how helpful the foundation has been for them . "  Things like that -- that 's the motivation , that 's what keeps us focused on our work , and ultimately that 's the result of Lance founding this 15 years ago , and his leadership ever since , " Ulman said . Early Friday , the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency said it was banning Armstrong from cycling competitions for life and negated his wins since 1998 , but this move may not be the final word . The International Cycling Union has claimed it has jurisdiction , questioning the agency 's authority . Your top Armstrong questions answered "  People are just so supportive of Lance , they 're so supportive of the mission of the organization , and I think , ultimately a lot of people are ready and just are relieved to put this aside , so that we can focus on our work , " Ulman said . Livestrong , the foundation 's popular brand name , is receiving even more donations than last year and is on track to raise between $ 45 million and $ 50 million for 2012 , Ulman said . All told , the organization , which turns 15 in October , is approaching $ 500 million in fund-raising during its lifetime . And more than 100,000 people have engaged in an awareness-raising activity such as running , walking or riding in the name of Livestrong . A November report from Livestrong said that in a survey of nearly 10,000 people , 72 % said they had worn one of the organization 's wristbands or purchased other merchandise . And 44 % had donated to Livestrong , while 22 % had engaged in a Livestrong event . The survey included cancer survivors and their family members . "  Livestrong has been , and hopefully will continue to be , a very positive force in the anti-cancer community , " said Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical officer for the American Cancer Society and CNN.com conditions expert , in an e-mail . "  They have stressed support for cancer research and support for the cancer patient , " Brawley said . "  They have emphasized that the success of medical research has created a number of young cancer survivors with unique needs that medicine needs to address . " Lance Armstrong : Cancer wo n't wait Armstrong found out he had testicular cancer at age 25 when he was emerging as a rising star among cyclists . He started a small group to raise money for cancer called the Lance Armstrong Foundation in 1997 . Ulman , also a cancer survivor , had no idea who Armstrong was at that time , but the cyclist contacted him after reading about the work Ulman was doing with young adults with cancer . "  He basically just said , ` Hey , I think we have a lot in common . And I 'm trying to get my foundation off the ground , ' " Ulman recalled . " ` If there 's anything we can ever do together , let me know . ' " In 2001 , Ulman joined the Lance Armstrong Foundation as its fourth employee . The organization had been focused on putting on bike rides , raising money and starting partnerships . The foundation started a program to provide support and education to people who had recently been diagnosed with cancer . After a series of focus groups , the name Livestrong emerged for the program . In 2004 , Nike wanted to honor Armstrong and the foundation with a yellow wristband . The name Livestrong seemed fitting for it , Ulman said . What 's behind the Armstrong headlines ? The wristbands have been far-reaching . Ulman said they hit a tipping point where people wanted to express that they were part of the community as well as the fight against cancer . "  We 've really democratized philanthropy , and really given an opportunity for everyone to participate , " Ulman said . "  You only needed to have a dollar to be part of this movement , and more than 85 million people have joined since then . "  That 's what in life I think a lot of us search for , " he added . "  We just search for a way to give back and be a part of something bigger than any one of us . " Nike said in a recent statement that it would not drop support for Armstrong in response to the latest chapter of Armstrong 's doping saga . The company said : "  Lance has stated his innocence and has been unwavering on this position . Nike plans to continue to support Lance and the Lance Armstrong Foundation , a foundation that Lance created to serve cancer survivors . " The organization has gained more prominence as Armstrong became more famous as a cyclist , scoring seven Tour de France victories from 1999 to 2005 . Armstrong and the tenuous nature of heroism "  His visibility has given us opportunities that we would have never had access to , " Ulman said . "  In our lifetime , for sure , there has not been another athlete that has done more for a cause than Lance has . " Armstrong is his foundation 's biggest single individual donor , having contributed more than $ 6 million over time , Ulman said . The cyclist 's legal case over the doping allegations does not get financial support from the foundation . Today , Armstrong 's foundation has more than 100 employees and thousands of volunteers globally . A team of 12 "  navigators , " most of them social workers , answer questions about cancer , returning phone calls within 24 hours . Armstrong is serving a term as chairman of the foundation 's board . He speaks to Ulman several times a day , and he participates in some way in the organization 's work on a daily basis . His activities include giving speeches and talking to survivors . In October at the TEDMED conference in Coronado , California , Armstrong said that what every cancer patient wants is to be heard . "  They want me to sit there , look at them in the eye and feel their story , " he said . Lance Armstrong Foundation boss on beating cancer three times CNN 's Chelsea Carter and Madison Park contributed to this report .	The Lance Armstrong Foundation has raised nearly $ 500 million to fight cancer More than 80 million Nike wristbands that say Livestrong have been sold Armstrong is the foundation 's biggest single individual donor , CEO says
Washington  CNN  -- Tea party favorite Rep. Michele Bachmann is getting ready to leave Congress at the end of this year , but what she is n't too sure about is another presidential run . "  I have no plan to run for president in 2016 , " Bachmann said in an interview with The Hill published Wednesday . "  I was so honored to be able to do it in 2012 . It is one of the greatest experiences in my life . But I think the men who run will tell you too , it 's one of the most difficult things you ever -LSB- embark -RSB- upon . " The Minnesota Republican has yet to completely rule out a bid . In a farewell speech at the Heritage Foundation earlier Wednesday , Bachmann encouraged Republicans to "  go bold " on initiatives like tax reform if they takeover the Senate this election . "  You either go bold , or you do n't go at all . If you want somebody to lead the debate , I 'll lead the debate , " she said . Bachmann has remained a fierce leader in the far right side of the conservative movement , particularly in regards to mobilizing the base . In 2010 , she established the Tea Party Caucus in the House . She later went on to win the Ames Straw Poll in 2011 , but went off to finish in sixth place in the Hawkeye State caucuses . Bachmann has mentioned that her retirement from Capitol Hill does not mean she 'll be inactive in national politics . In July she told RealClearPolitics that there 's a chance she could run against the "  various men " that the media has speculated to run . She has since said that was a "  rhetorical comment . " "  The context of my remarks were that they were suggesting that no woman would be running for president on the Republican side , and I said , ` Well , I 'm an obvious choice , ' " Bachmann told The Hill . "  So , that was the nexus of my remarks : Who knows , maybe I 'll run . It was n't that I was going to . It was just a rhetorical comment . "	The Minnesota Republican has yet to completely rule out a bid but said she has "  no plans " to do so . Bachmann is not seeking another term in Congress . Bachmann gave a farewell speech at the Heritage Foundation earlier Wednesday .
CNN  -- Having been stuck in Qatar for two years over a pay dispute , soccer player Zahir Belounis is relieved that the nightmare is finally over . The French-Algerian arrived back in Paris on Thursday with his wife and two daughters after an ordeal that he says left him suffering with depression and contemplating suicide . "  I am so happy . I 'm feeling so much stronger , " the 33-year-old told CNN as he was met by gathered family , friends and media at Roissy-Charles-de-Gaulle airport . "  This is not the end of the fight though . I 'm happy to be home and have a normal life again . " Qatar has come under intense media scrutiny since winning the right to stage the 2022 World Cup , particularly over its employment laws -- notably the kafala system , which requires expatriate workers and some visitors to have a residence permit . Belounis was met at the airport by Abdeslam Ouaddou , another player who found himself in a dispute with a Qatar club and who has taken his case to football 's governing body FIFA . "  I am so happy for Zahir to come home but the real victory will be when the kafala system ends , " said Ouaddou , a Moroccan who played for several French clubs and England 's Fulham before moving to the emirate in 2010 . "  If they do n't change kafala then they should change where the World Cup is , " Ouaddou told CNN . The Belounis case has prompted the International Trade Union Confederation  ITUC  to demand a change to workers ' rights in Qatar . ITUC general secretary Sharan Burrow said in a statement that Belounis ' case has "  come to illustrate the conditions faced by 1.3 million migrant workers in Qatar . " "  The torment that Zahir and his family have been put through because of bad laws which give workers no rights should never be repeated , " she said . "  Sadly , today in Qatar there remain many workers who have no voice . The Qatar authorities should reform their laws to respect International Labor Organization conditions . " FIFPro , the global players ' union , is set to visit Qatar this week for talks with the country 's football authorities and organizers of the 2022 World Cup . Neither the Qatari Foreign Ministry nor the Qatari Football Association were available for comment , but in October the QFA told CNN that "  as in any other football association in the world , there will unfortunately always be contractual disputes between clubs and players/coaches . " It went on to add : "  It is also relevant to emphasize that up to now the player has not taken any action in front of the competent judicial bodies of FIFA . "  Our records show also that Zahir Belounis received salaries from one of our other affiliated clubs , Al Markhiya Club , when he played there during the second half of the 2011/12 season . "  At the end of that season , Zahir Belounis contacted the QFA for outstanding salaries from Al Markhiya Club . The QFA immediately took action and , after analysis and investigation which gave him right , the player received full compensation . "  However , in the alleged case of El Jaish Club , Zahir Belounis did not contact QFA , although he had experienced the efficiency of doing so when his request was legitimate . " On Tuesday , FIFA president Sepp Blatter condemned European media for "  attacking " and "  criticizing " Qatar . "  It is not fair when the international media and especially European media are taking up the focus of an Arab country here in Asia , and attacking , criticizing this country , " Blatter said to delegates at the Asian Football Confederation awards in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . "  We are defending it . We have taken the decision to play a World Cup in the Arab world and we have taken the decision to play in Qatar and we will go and play this ... in 2022 in Qatar , " Blatter added . Earlier this month , he condemned working conditions in Qatar as "  unacceptable " following an Amnesty International report which claimed migrant worker abuse was rife . But for now , at least , the Belounis family can celebrate being home and together again . Zahir 's brother Mahdi , who met him at the airport with their mother , tweeted updates of the situation as he campaigned for his sibling 's freedom . And Zahir 's wife Johanna is now looking forward to resuming a normal life . "  We arrived back with just six bags but we have our freedoms , " she said . "  I am so happy we will have our lives back . He is so much better now . The girls are happy . We are free . "	Zahir Belounis returns to Paris with his family after finally leaving Qatar Football player arrives in France Thursday along with wife and daughters He is met by his mother , brother and another player with Qatar dispute Belounis says he is "  much stronger " but "  the fight is not over "
CNN  -- Vibe magazine founder Quincy Jones may attempt to buy back the now-shuttered hip-hop magazine , according to a published report . Quincy Jones speaks onstage at the Apollo Theater 75th Anniversary Gala in June . "  I 'm trying to buy my magazine back now , " Jones told EbonyJet.com on Tuesday , according to an article posted on the Web site . Vibe , one of the best-selling hip-hop magazines in the country , shut down on Tuesday . Its chief executive officer , Steve Aaron , said the magazine has a debt of "  several millions of dollars " and also faced a declining market and decreased advertising revenue . Jones , a music producer , said he envisioned an online-only future for Vibe , EbonyJet.com reported . "  They just messed my magazine all up , but I 'm gon na get it back , " he said , EbonyJet.com reported . Additional details were not available in the report , and Arnold Robinson , a spokesman for Jones , told CNN he had no comment . Jones established the magazine in 1993 . It had a circulation of about 600,000 , according to Aaron . The closure eliminates jobs for all 48 staff members , Aaron said . The issue currently on newsstands , featuring Eminem on the cover , is Vibe 's last .	Vibe , one of the best-selling hip-hop magazines , shut down on Tuesday Founder , music producer Quincy Jones says he envisions an online future for Vibe Vibe 's closure eliminates jobs for all 48 staff members
Twitter is on the verge of its initial public offering and everyone 's knickers have been in a knot all week over the company 's lack of management diversity -- that is , women . As The New York Times put it last week , "  The board ? All white men . The investors ? All men . The executive officers ? All men but for the general counsel , Vijaya Gadde , who has had the job for five weeks . " Question : Why is this a problem ? First , there are n't enough women at Twitter or in the tech world because there are n't enough women anywhere . Some facts : Women make up 6 % of chief executives at the leading 100 tech companies , and that has taken years to accomplish . Most startups have all-male boards . In 2012 women held 16.6 % of Fortune 500 board seats . Women of color were 3.3 % of the total . Fully one-tenth had no women serving on their boards at all . In the past five years , women and minorities have lost ground despite evidence strongly suggesting that gender parity and board diversity have positive effects on profitability . Twitter had more than a year to prepare for this IPO : Where are the women ? The company 's immediate response focused on a "  paucity of candidates . " The tech industry has a well-documented pipeline problem , one largely the result of gender stereotypes that reach into the educational system . However , companies regularly draw executives from outside their own industries -- sometimes , yes , even women -- when seeking senior-level and board positions . It enables them to cross-pollinate ideas , diversify their expertise and innovate . For example , Apple has hired Burberry CEO Angela Ahrendts . During her tenure at Burberry , the company doubled its revenues and tripled its share price . Companies redefine "  pipeline " every day -- particularly when profits are involved . The technology sector dresses itself up as progressive when in reality it shows every indication of being , at its core , powerfully retrograde . Despite investing in diversity programs , the management of tech firms is distinctly not diverse , and indeed the industry continues to "  dazzle " with incidents in which men gleefully display their not even implicit biases . Last month 's Titshare debacle  click and weep  , as well as Business Insider 's long-overdue firing of CTO Pax Dickinson  who 'd for years been churning out such sexist , racist , tweets as "  Jesus gets raped by a pack of n **** s. It 's his own fault for dressing like a whore though "  are two recent examples . Second , sexism is seamlessly coupled with the distribution of capital . Bryan Goldberg 's September launch of Bustle , a "  women 's centric " website  "  world news and politics alongside beauty tips "  was a blunt force case in point . After announcing the site with a tone-deaf post , Goldberg was widely mocked for his personal failure to grasp , among other things , how ridiculous his claim to be starting the "  first site of its kind " for women was . The real issue is n't Goldberg 's cluelessness , but the institutional biases that enabled him to raise $ 6.5 million when far more able , knowledgeable and experienced women ca n't . Companies with at least one woman founder make up only 13 % of those funded . Venture capitalists are less likely to invest in startups if there are women involved in their management ; investors actively reduce holdings in companies that appoint female directors . These are particular ironies since women-run startups use 40 % less capital to launch . These facts do n't reflect women lacking in confidence ideas . They illustrate discrimination , whether it is conscious or not . Third , while we think of Twitter as a tech company , it is a media company and part of a larger environment that does little to correct its failure at diversity . Year after year , studies such as one last week from the Directors Guild of America , as well as reports from Who Makes the News and the Women 's Media Center Status on Women in Media document exactly how distorted mainstream media ownership , management and production remain . Only online is the situation improving . But even there the difference is largely gains in women-oriented "  pink-collar " content . How can we separate these facts from ownership ? We ca n't . As reported by the Federal Communications Commission , our media are almost entirely owned and managed by white men . Lastly , what does this have to do with speech ? Everything . Male experiences , interests , expectations and voices , mainly white , inform the way we think , decide how our resources are dispersed and define our norms . The ghettoized status of women and minorities in media and technology , coupled with the lack of venture capital investments , means that our attempts to express ourselves are limited , misrepresented and regularly repackaged to make what we say palatable to a sexist status quo . And this status quo is entirely uninterested in the idea of women as capable , autonomous leaders who might change norms in unsettling , risky ways . Stating these facts baldly is not an indictment of white men as individuals . It is a description of systemic problems that we refuse to confront with systemic solutions . The presence of a carefully selected handful of women in tech , regardless of how determined , able and prominently visible they are , has for decades done little to alter the makeup of management and ownership . Gender diversity at Twitter , as elsewhere , is n't a priority because people make reasonable decisions about what they believe will be profitable and successful : Twitter is looking for experience and expertise within a comfort zone . "  This to me is not a gender issue , it 's an innovation issue , " Twitter CEO Dick Costolo has explained . Gender issues are n't innovation issues only if your gender is dominant and the norm . This rationale , and others like it , are exactly the kind of "  1,000 paper cuts " marginalization that result in fewer women pursuing tech careers to begin with . Twitter is one part of a male dominated social structure , economy and culture , all of which rely on cradle-to-grave sexism to be profitable . That 's tweetable by the way .	Soraya Chemaly : Twitter , on verge of IPO , is under fire with leadership that 's virtually all men She says it reflects larger dearth of women in tech , media fields -- 6 % of tech CEOs are women She says sexism abounds in male-dominated field and guides investment , leaving women out Chemaly : Controlling women 's access makes men keepers of speech , keeps sexist status quo
CNN  -- English Premier League side Liverpool were beaten by two penalties in Lisbon as Benfica came from behind to grasp the advantage in their Europa League quarterfinal . The Portuguese club suffered a nightmare start when Daniel Agger put the visitors in front after just nine minutes with a neat back heel from Steven Gerrard 's free kick . But just after the half hour mark Liverpool were reduced to ten men when Ryan Babel clashed with defender Luisao after he had fouled Spanish striker Fernando Torres . Babel appeared to put his hands in Luisao 's face and the referee produced a red card . It took Benfica less than 30 minutes to press home their advantage when Liverpool defender Emiliano Insua brought down Pablo Aimar inside the box and conceded a penalty . Oscar Cardozo converted the spot kick and was given the chance to put his side into the lead when the referee adjudged Jamie Carragher had handled in the area on 79 minutes . Again Cardozo made no mistake from the spot . The return leg is at Anfield next Thursday . Fulham vanquished seasoned European opponents again as they defeated German champions Wolfsburg 2-1 at Craven Cottage . Striker Bobby Zamora gave the English side the lead on 59 minutes with a precise curling shot from the edge of the area . Irish winger Damien Duff made it 2-0 just four minutes later as he converted Zamora 's pass . But in the final minute Wolfsburg scored a vital away goal as Alexander Madlung emphatically headed home Zvjezdan Misimovic 's cross . After the game Fulham manager Roy Hodgson told ESPN television : "  Wolfsburg are a good team but tonight I thought we made them look reasonably ordinary . " The all-Spanish tie between Valencia and Atletico Madrid finished 2-2 . Uruguayan striker Diego Forlan put Atletico in front on 59 minutes but Manuel Fernandes equalized shortly after for the home side . Atletico struck again through Antonio Lopez only for Spain forward David Villa to rescue a draw for Valencia . In the evening 's other match Hamburg beat Belgian side Standard Liege 2-1 in Germany . A strike from Deiudonne Mbokani gave Liege an early advantage but goals from Mladen Petric and Dutch striker Ruud van Nistelrooy secured Hamburg a lead to take into the second leg .	Portuguese club Benfica beat Liverpool 2-1 in their Europa League quarterfinal tie Fulham beat German champions Wolfsburg 2-1 All-Spanish tie between Valencia and Atletico Madrid ends 2-2 German club Hamburg beat Belgian side Standard Liege 2-1
CNN  -- Suppose the Supreme Court does rule that the health care mandate is unconstitutional ? What happens then ? I 'm not saying that they will , but let 's play "  what if ? " The famous individual mandate is just one piece of the new health care law enacted in 2010 . Take away the mandate , and here are two principal elements left behind : -- A huge expansion of the Medicaid program . The majority of those who 'd gain health coverage under the new health care law , an estimated 18 million people , would gain it from being enrolled in Medicaid , the health care program for the poor . Even before the new health care law , Medicaid was a huge program , covering one in six Americans . It 's on its way to becoming bigger still , whatever happens to the individual mandate . -- Tough new rules on insurance companies . The new health care law forbids insurers to refuse coverage on the basis of "  pre-existing conditions . " All applicants must be accepted , and they must be covered at the same price as the other members of the insured group . Now let 's war-game what happens post-mandate . 1 . The private insurance market will crash in a spectacular train wreck . Faced with big new costs and deprived of their expected new revenues from the mandate , insurance companies will have to raise prices . Faced with rising prices , employers will cut back coverage . The 2010 law imposes new obligations on employers to provide health insurance but also presents employers with an option to escape those obligations by paying a  comparatively  small fine . As insurance costs surge in a post-mandate world , more employers will take advantage of that option . Their employees will join the new market for individual care , the famous health care "  exchanges . " Minus the mandate , the policies on offer in the exchanges will be unexpectedly expensive . Minus the mandate , many individuals will choose not to buy . The law offers subsidies to buyers who can not afford the full cost of the new policies . Minus the mandate , those subsidies will cost much more than expected . 2 . The Medicaid program will grow . The new health care law dramatically expands eligibility for Medicaid . In a post-mandate world , with employers dropping coverage and the individual market careening into dysfunction , Medicaid will likely grow faster than ever . Costs of the Medicaid program are divided between the federal and state governments . As Medicaid surges , those governments will face an agonizing dilemma : Raise taxes to pay for all those new applicants or reduce coverage , leaving millions of people to clinics and charity . 3 . Meanwhile , the Medicare time bomb will continue to tick . The U.S. already has a single-payer health care system . It 's called Medicare , and even today , it is one of the largest single-payer systems on Earth , enrolling more than 47 million people . As more and more of the baby boomers turn 65 , the program is scheduled to expand rapidly -- to more than 63 million people by 2020 and more than 80 million by 2030 . We are headed , it would seem , to a post-mandate future that looks something like this : Medicare will provide fairly generous government health coverage to about one-quarter of the population . Medicaid will provide much less generous government coverage to one-quarter of the population . The population outside Medicaid and Medicare will subdivide into two main groups : The affluent and those whose labor is greatly valuable to their employers will be covered by an ever-more-expensive and ever-shrinking private-insurance market . The people who ca n't pay themselves and whose employers wo n't pay for them will drop out of the private market , and either look for ways to qualify for Medicaid or wait and pray until they qualify for Medicare . Political pressures will induce politicians to open Medicaid to more and more uninsured people . Fiscal pressures will force politicians to make Medicare less generous and more Medicaid-like . If the Supreme Court rules unconstitutional the plan for universal coverage through private insurance , the U.S. will continue to evolve toward a government-led system -- albeit one much more expensive , and much less satisfactory , than the government systems of other advanced democracies . Perhaps after a decade or two of discontent , somebody else will try another reform . But this time , the reform will proceed as an outright government program . There wo n't be any choice , if the Supreme Court of 2012 precludes as unconstitutional the private-sector alternative -- meaning that today 's would-be champions of the free market will have unwittingly brought about the grandest expansion of government control since the 1930s . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	The U.S. Supreme Court may strike down the mandate to buy health insurance David Frum says elimination of mandate would spur more government-funded health care Without private insurance , more people will look to get Medicaid coverage , he says Frum : The court 's free-market boosters could spark huge government expansion
CNN  Not every woman can say they have made out with both Ashton Kutcher and his fiancee , Mila Kunis . Kunis revealed during an Ask Me Anything chat with fans on Reddit on Thursday that there is one actress with whom both she and Kutcher have locked lips . "  But here 's a little-known fact : there 's one person in the world that both Ashton and I have kissed , and that 's Natalie Portman , " said Kunis , who was promoting her new film , "  Jupiter Ascending . " Kunis had some steamy kissing with Portman in the critically acclaimed film 2010 "  Black Swan . " Kutcher co-starred , and locked lips , with Portman in 2011 's "  No Strings Attached . " So , Is Portman a good kisser ? Kunis says yes . "  She 's a lovely kisser , very polite , " Kunis wrote . The actress and Kutcher , co-stars in TV 's "  That '70s Show , " have been engaged since February 2014 . They welcomed daughter Wyatt in October .	Kunis did a Reddit AMA chat ahead of her new movie , "  Jupiter Ascending " She revealed that both she and Kutcher have kissed Natalie Portman Portman was a "  lovely kisser , " Kunis said
Santa Monica , California  CNN  -- Santa Monica College officials in California have launched an investigation into a raucous student protest at a board of trustees meeting in which campus police used pepper spray on demonstrators , sending three of them to a hospital , the college president said Wednesday . The students were n't allowed into the overflowing meeting room Tuesday evening and were demonstrating in a hallway against a summer pilot program creating two tiers of tuition when the pepper spraying incident occurred , said Paul Alvarez Jr. , the multimedia editor for the campus newspaper who videotaped the incident . Three people were taken to a hospital , and about 30 other students needed treatment for pepper spray , said Santa Monica Fire Department Capt. Judah Mitchell . The fire department set up a decontamination unit that consisted of a fire hose with clear water , Mitchell said . Santa Monica is a coastal city adjacent to Los Angeles . A number of the protesters "  engaged in unlawful conduct , " such as setting off fire alarms , but campus police "  exercised restraint and made no arrests , " college President Chui Tsang said in a statement . He said the protesters in the corridor chose not to enter an overflow room . In all , about 100 people protested the board meeting , he said . "  When some of these demonstrators used force to enter the board room proper , and had overrun the door and the personnel stationed at the door , there was one discharge of pepper spray used by a SMC police officer to preserve public and personal safety . Unfortunately , a number of bystanders , including college staff , students and other police personnel were affected , " Tsang said . "  Santa Monica College regrets that a group of people chose to disrupt a public meeting in an unlawful manner , " he added . In March , the the two-year college 's board approved a summer session pilot program to self-fund extra courses in an effort to increase total classroom seats and provide a way for students to take courses they need , Tsang said . The program augments 700 regularly scheduled state-subsidized classes at $ 46 per credit unit for California residents , he said . About 50 extra self-funded classes will be offered at actual cost , which translates to $ 180 per credit unit , or $ 540 for a typical three-unit course , he said . That cost "  is far below the tuition rate at the state 's other public educational systems , " Tsang said . "  The college 's action comes at a time when SMC is confronted with the greatest budget crisis ever to face higher education in California . " California has been grappling with a budget deficit that promises to result in massive cuts to higher education and course cancellations . Tuition for the California State University system rose 21 % this year , to just over $ 9,000 for in-state residents . Gov. Jerry Brown 's office has forecast a shortfall of $ 9.2 billion for the upcoming fiscal year , while state budget analysts warn the problem could be billions worse . Brown 's budget for the 2013 fiscal year , which begins in July , includes more spending cuts , particularly to social services . If his plan to put a temporary tax increase before voters in November fails , education funding would be cut again . Two students who said they were pepper-sprayed described campus police as overreacting . "  Insanity . Overreaction . It started out just chanting and we 're getting our point across , " said Christine Deal , 20 , who said an officer grabbed her neck . "  Things escalated with the campus police , and kids got pepper-sprayed and put in choke holds and thrown on the ground -- sent to the emergency room . " "  I think if they were going to pepper-spray that we should have been given some kind of warning , " she added . Kayleigh Wade , 19 , said she was protesting the summer tuition pricing because "  It 's very classist . " "  It 's making the classes divide , and it 's going to cause more problems in the long run so it 's preposterous to me that this is even being considered a solution , " Wade said . She said the pepper spray incident , as well as the summer tuition plan , damages the school 's reputation . "  It prides itself on being this diverse , progressive campus or whatever , and this completely stifles that reputation , " Wade said . Alvarez , the student journalist at The Corsair campus newspaper , called the spraying incident an injustice . "  That made everything more chaotic than it should have been , " Alvarez said . A 4-year-old girl was among those stung by the pepper spray , Alvarez said . CNN 's Mary Snow contributed to this report .	"  Insanity . Overreaction . It started out just chanting , " one student says Santa Monica College campus police pepper-sprayed student protesters College president : Protesters "  engaged in unlawful conduct , " but no arrests were made Students were protesting a tuition increase under an experimental summer program
CNN  -- International observers Monday applauded the first free presidential election in Guinea in more than 50 years , saying it was democratic , inclusive and transparent . "  This is the first time since independence that the people of Guinea have had a chance to be regarded as human beings politically , to express themselves politically , " said Carter Center official John Stremlau , who is in the west African nation as a monitor . "  The people were given the opportunity and conducted themselves on election day with dignity , in an orderly and peaceful way , " said Stremlau , the vice president of the Carter Center 's peace programs and co-leader of its election observation mission . Results should be available Wednesday , and will almost certainly show a runoff will be required , said Deborah Hakes of the Carter Center . Voters came out in large numbers , they were enthusiastic and often showed great patience , the Carter Center said in a statement . Counting of ballots was transparent , in full view of everyone at polling stations , it added . The country has been ruled by a series of authoritarian and military dictators since it gained independence from France , its former colonial master , in 1958 . The most recent coup came in December 2008 , the day after the death of longtime President Lansana Conte , who himself seized power in 1984 . Capt. Moussa Dadis Camara led the 2008 coup and promised elections and the introduction of civilian rule , but by the following summer it seemed clear that he planned to run for president himself , according to the U.S. State Department . The opposition organized a protest against him in a stadium in the capital Conakry in September 2009 , but the military attacked the demonstrators . At least 150 people were killed , more than 100 were raped and at least 1,000 were injured , according to the U.S. government and international human rights groups . At least 100 bodies were never found , Human Rights Watch said . Camara was seriously wounded in an assassination attempt by an aide in December 2009 , and flown abroad for medical treatment . He survived , but agreed not to return to the country . Minister of Defense Brig. Gen. Sekouba Konate became interim president , paving the way for the elections Sunday . Twenty-four candidates are running for president , including four former prime ministers , according to Human Rights Watch , which has been cautiously optimistic about the vote . "  The Defense Ministry 's promise to keep the military in barracks during the election period , and to back whoever wins is a very positive sign , " Human Rights Watch said Friday . "  A successful , credible election could finally end over 50 years of authoritarian and abusive rule , " the activist group said . "  The new president and government will have their work cut out for them , " HRW 's Corinne Dufka said . "  They should waste no time addressing the deep-rooted causes of years of crisis -- endemic corruption , impunity , crushing poverty , and the inequitable distribution of natural resource wealth . " The country 's electoral officials , cell phone companies and U.S. embassy have worked together to set up a system where voters can send text messages if they see voter fraud or intimidation , U.S. Ambassador Patricia Newton Moller said . Guinea , a country of about 10 million people , has rich reserves of bauxite , an important aluminum ore -- possibly as much as half the world 's reserves , according to the State Department . It also has gold and diamond mines , and grows rice , coffee , bananas , pineapples and palm products .	Voting democratic and inclusive , Carter Center says West African country ruled by authoritarian , military governments for decades Demonstrators against most recent coup massacred by military , U.S. and human rights group say More than 150 killed , scores raped in September protest
CNN  -- Extra-time goals by Darren O'Dea and Aiden McGeady gave Celtic a 2-0 victory over Glasgow rivals Rangers in the Scottish League Cup final at Hampden Park . Darren O'Dea  left  peels away after scoring the opening goal in Celtic 's 2-0 victory over Rangers . After 90 tense minutes had failed to produce a goal , the game moved in to extra-time and just a minute after the restart O'Dea , who had not scored since Celtic beat Livingston in February 2007 , leapt to head a Shunsuke Nakamura free-kick past goalkeeper Allan McGregor . Then , In the third minute of added time at the end of the match , Rangers defender Kirk Broadfoot was red-carded for denying McGeady a clear goalscoring opportunity and the Ireland international scored from the resulting penalty . There was little between the two sides in normal time but Celtic 's superior fitness paid off , giving them a psychological boost in their bid for a fourth Scottish Premier League title in succession -- a race in which Celtic lead Rangers by three points . The victory was Celtic 's first major final victory over their arch-enemies for 20 years -- and ensured Rangers , who are also through to the semifinals of the Scottish FA Cup -- can not now lift the domestic treble .	Celtic defeat rivals Rangers 2-0 to win Scottish League Cup final at Hampden Extra-time goals by Darren O'Dea and Aiden McGeady secure cup for Celtic The result will give Celtic a boost as they battle with Rangers for Scottish title
Washington  CNN  A 54-year-old man carrying a suspicious package scaled a White House fence Sunday night , but was quickly apprehended . Jerome R. Hunt , of Hayward , California , climbed the fence on the south side of the White House complex about 10:25 p.m. , said Brian Leary with the United States Secret Service . According to a source with knowledge of the investigation , the man made it 10 to 15 feet in on the South Lawn but "  was compliant " once he saw the dogs ready to engage with thim . Hunt is in custody and charges are pending , Leary said . The package was being examined and later deemed to be harmless , a Secret Service source told CNN . Last week , a U.S. official told CNN that temporary steel spikes may be added to the tips of the White House perimeter fence to help deter jumpers . If done , this will be a temporary measure to protect the grounds until a new permanent one is constructed . The official said that the proposal is not in place yet . The Secret Service has come under heavy criticism after two incidents compromised the security of the grounds . On March 4 , two senior Secret Service agents who were reportedly intoxicated allegedly drove their car into a White House barrier . Last September , a man jumped the White House fence and made it to an unlocked door on the grounds . Asked about the White House fence jumper , House Oversight Committee chairman Jason Chaffetz told CNN , "  Prevention and swift apprehension is the goal . I appreciate those who dealt with the situation , but I want to learn more . " CNN 's Michelle Kosinski , Jim Acosta and Chris Frates contributed to this report .	The person climbed the fence on the south side of the White House complex Charges are pending
CNN  -- Robert Allenby overcame an ankle problem to claim a share of the lead after the first round of the Sony Open in Hawaii . The Australian suffered the injury after falling of a curb in Honolulu earlier this week , but still managed to fire a five-under-par 65 in his first PGA Tour appearance of 2010 . He was joined at the top of the leaderboard by five other players despite windy conditions at the Waialae Country Club on Thursday . His score was matched by former Masters champion Zach Johnson , Davis Love III , John Merrick , Ryan Palmer and PGA Tour Qualifying School winner Troy Merritt . They were one shot ahead of a group of 10 players including current Masters champion Angel Cabrera of Argentina , world No. 3 Steve Stricker , Sweden 's Carl Pettersson and former U.S. Ryder Cup captain Tom Lehman . "  I twisted my ankle on Monday and did n't know whether I was going to play , tried it out yesterday and sort of scraped it around the golf course , " Allenby told reporters . "  I kind of did the same things today really . It 's all a bit abbreviated , the old swing , but the short game 's good and that 's what counts . You need that when you 're not 100 percent . " British Open champion Stewart Cink was further back in another big group of 11 tied on two-under along with South Africa 's Rory Sabbatini and Japan 's Ryuichi Oda . Former world No. 1s Ernie Els and Vijay Singh were among those another stroke back alongside two-time major winner Retief Goosen . Meanwhile , David Lynn is set to take a one-stroke lead into the third round of the European Tour 's Joburg Open in South Africa after Friday 's action was halted by bad weather with 30 players still out on the course . The Englishman , who has won only once in more than 300 starts , followed up his opening 63 with a four-under-par 67 at Royal Johannesburg and Kensington East . He was five shots clear of compatriot John Parry and South Africa 's Andrew Curlewis , who were the highest placed of those yet to complete their rounds , each with three holes to go . Home favorite Charl Schwartzel , also one of four players to score 63 in the first round , was second on 11-under after a 68 . Irishman Darren Clarke , seeking to regain his place in Europe 's Ryder Cup team this year , was tied for third on 10-under after a 69 .	Robert Allenby overcomes ankle injury to claim share of lead after first round of Sony Open Australian cards five-under-par 65 in in his first PGA Tour appearance of 2010 He is matched by Zach Johnson , Davis Love , John Merrick , Ryan Palmer , Troy Merritt David Lynn has one-stroke lead as weather hits second round of European Tour 's Joburg Open
CNN  -- Karen Klein is probably not the first face that comes to mind when you think of a poster child for bullying . Yet there she was , sitting in the back of Bus 784 as it rolled through the streets of Greece , New York , on Monday afternoon . Four middle school boys barraged her with verbal abuse , jabbing her about her weight , attacking her family and chuckling as they made violent and graphic threats . Except for a few even-keeled retorts , the 68-year-old bus monitor brushed sweat from her brow and remained quiet , peering up front and out her window , seemingly waiting for her hellish ride to end . Her suffering may have gone unnoticed had not one of the young teenagers posted a 10-minute video of the harassment on YouTube . By Wednesday , police were interviewing Klein and her alleged verbal abusers . And by the next day , as the video began going viral , she had become a cause cÃ © lÃ ¨ bre . Her torment became a prism through which total strangers the world round characterized her experience as symbolic of everything wrong with modern-day parenting , children and more . Beyond anger , some expressed sadness for the seemingly defenseless older woman who , they felt , bravely suffered the slings and arrows flung at her for no good reason at all . Klein ignored bullies , until suicide taunt "  I could n't watch the whole video -- I do n't know how you live through it , " wrote one woman , Marykate , in an online post . "  God bless , you are my hero . " Yet bad things happen all too routinely , with people abused and killed most every minute in most every corner of the world . So why did one grandmother 's videotaped bus ride become so engaging and emotional for thousands of people she has never met , prompting them to issue emotional pleas to police and to donate hundreds of thousands of dollars ? Count Klein among those taken aback by all the attention . After hearing from CNN 's Anderson Cooper that Southwest Airlines offered her and nine others an all-expense-paid trip to Southern California to go to Disneyland , she described it as "  awesome " but seemingly too good to be true . "  I still ca n't believe it , " she said Thursday night . "  I do n't feel like I 've done anything . " But the reaction is n't entirely surprising to Sara Hodges , a social psychology professor at the University of Oregon . The fact the attacks are so pointed and Klein 's pain so apparent makes it easy for people to identify with as she soldiers through a torrent of verbal abuse . "  It 's such a clear case of somebody who is being bullied , " said Hodges . "  She 's all alone , and she has no allies . ... And what the kids are saying is so obviously hurtful . ... It 's so compelling that you ca n't turn away . " Stranger sets up ` Kindness for Karen ' Facebook page And for all the statistics about the number of people bullied each year or perhaps news reports about elderly being targeted , people tend to respond more -- and more viscerally -- to a person being attacked and suffering with their own eyes , the professor states . "  We feel much stronger feelings for an individual than we do for ... an abstract group , " Hodges said . Max Sidorov was one of those people moved by Klein 's plight . Living in Toronto , he 'd never met her but said the YouTube video "  struck a chord with me , " a feeling that -- as someone who 'd been bullied himself -- he could n't let go of without taking action . "  I felt very sad for Karen , and I felt I had to do something to support her in this time , " he said . His first thought was to raise money through the site indiegogo.com , hopefully enough "  to get her away from the environment and get her on vacation somewhere . " So he set up the site , hoping to amass $ 5,000 over the next month . By late Friday afternoon , that fund had more than $ 545,000 . Family of bullied bus monitor asks for threats against students to stop Donors like Marykate gave not only their money but their heartfelt support for Klein in remarks posted on the website . "  Karen , I am so sorry that these children were so mean to you , " wrote one commenter named Mary . Added a man , identified as W. Ronald , "  I hope the recognition that thousands and thousands of people heartily dislike what those children did helps you feel a little better . " Yet many on that site , as well as CNN.com 's story -- which was shared on Facebook by more than 35,000 people as of Thursday night and had more than 6,300 comments -- levied blame , as much as they offered support . Many chastised modern-day children and parenting for fostering such behavior . Some criticized the bus driver for not halting the verbal abuse , even though Greece Police Capt. Steve Chatterton stressed that it took place on the back of a noisy bus , far from the driver . And a few even singled out Klein for not being more forthright to stop it . When a bullied kid grows up "  Children have no respect because they are not taught to respect , " a CNN.com commenter with the handle Rahzmahm wrote . "  Ask the nearest child to you the meaning of the word and you probably would not get a sufficient answer . " Police and town leaders in Greece -- a community that has nearly 100,000 residents , three school districts and nearly 42 square miles of area yet still proudly sees itself as a town , one where things like this just do n't happen -- talked about being peppered with messages from around the world decrying the episode . While condemning the outrage , town Supervisor John Auberger tried to assure people that these four boys did n't represent the entire community . He described his "  town " as a place full of people "  who are kind , respectful neighbors and hardworking , " much like Klein . Online and in messages to school and police officials , many demanded that the youngsters overheard in the video be arrested . Chatterton said he 's "  gotten e-mails from the United Kingdom  and  from all over the United States saying prosecute , prosecute . " "  I feel it . I feel it , " he said . "  But we have to follow the law . We ca n't tailor the law to meet this case because of public outrage . " Teen says bullies beat him , sues New York . schools Police also said the seventh-graders had received death threats from people near and far . For example , Chatterton said , one of their cell phones "  had over 1,000 missed calls and 1,000 text messages threatening him . And he is a 13-year-old . " Hodges , the University of Oregon professor , said she 's not surprised by the communal desire for justice . She said this could be explained through the "  just-world hypothesis , " the belief that people think the world should be good -- and when it is not , especially when a blameless and vulnerable person suffers as a result , someone needs to be punished . "  Clearly , something is wrong , this should n't be happening , " Hodges said . "  There 's a sense somebody needs to be blamed . ... People feel the need to balance the scope . " One person not calling for the four boys to be thrown behind bars is Klein . The bus monitor said that , right now at least , she does not want police to pursue criminal charges . But Klein would like to see them banned from the bus and athletic activities and , most of all , wants to make sure they do n't bully anyone else . "  I want to make sure that they never do this again , to anybody , " she said . What would you do with a mean kid ?	Video shows middle school boys harassing a New York bus monitor Her story goes viral , with many condemning the boys and praising her An expert says people identify with an individual suffering , as in this case Others believe in a "  just world " and want to find someone to blame
CNN  -- A federal air marshal was arrested Thursday morning at Nashville International Airport after being caught taking multiple upskirt pictures of female passengers boarding a plane , police said . A witness spotted 28-year-old Adam Bartsch , who was on duty , taking pictures with his cell phone underneath women 's dresses , police said . The witness grabbed Bartsch 's phone and notified a Southwest Airlines flight attendant , a police report said . Airport police removed Bartsch from the flight and took him into custody . According to the police report , Bartsch said he snapped 10 to 12 inappropriate pictures , something he said he had done before . He was charged with disorderly conduct and held on $ 10,000 bail . The Transportation Security Administration said it is assisting authorities with the investigation . "  TSA does not tolerate criminal behavior . The agency immediately removed this individual from his current duties and is in the process of suspending or terminating his employment . " In an e-mail to CNN , Southwest Airlines spokesman Chris Mainz said the flight , to Tampa , Florida , was not delayed by the incident . Fired air marshal will get new hearing	A federal air marshal is accused of taking upskirt pictures of female passengers Adam Bartsch was on duty during boarding of a Southwest Airlines flight He is charged with disorderly conduct and held on a $ 10,000 bail Read more at WKRN
Rome  CNN  -- More than 140 Catholic cardinals met Monday at the Vatican , where the process of selecting a new pope edged toward beginning . The cardinals met twice during the day , in the morning and in the evening . After the evening session , most left by car , though some departed on foot . Few spoke as they left the meeting . After the morning session , a decision had not been made on when the conclave to select Pope Benedict XVI 's successor would start , Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi told reporters . "  It 's on the table , but no decision has been reached , " Lombardi said . The General Congregations meeting is a key step before the conclave , in which all cardinals younger than 80 are to meet in the Vatican to vote for the next pope . CNN Radio : Betting on the new pope Of the 142 cardinals who attended Monday morning 's session , 103 were cardinal electors , Lombardi said . Another 12 cardinal electors were expected to arrive later Monday and Tuesday , he said . During the afternoon meeting , four more cardinals joined those who had already been here ; the group decided that congregations on Tuesday and Wednesday would take place in the morning only , he added . And the Rev. Raniero Cantalamessa , preacher to the Pontifical Household , held the first meditation as outlined by the Apostolic Constitution , Lombardi said . Benedict announced his intention to step down on February 11 and resigned Thursday , becoming the first pope to do so in 600 years . The transfer of papal power has almost always happened after the sitting pope has died . Normally , the College of Cardinals is not allowed to select a new pontiff until 15 to 20 days after the office becomes vacant . However , Benedict amended the 500-year-old policy to get a successor into place more rapidly . The cardinals may to be able to do so before March 15 , Lombardi has said . What 's in a name ? Clues to be found in next pope 's moniker This would give the new pontiff more than a week to prepare for the March 24 Palm Sunday celebrations . Some gambling houses are offering odds on who will next lead the Catholic Church . Favorites include the archbishop of Milan , Italy , Cardinal Angelo Scola ; Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone of Italy ; Cardinal Peter Turkson of Ghana , who would become the first African pontiff since Pope Gelasius I died more than 1,500 years ago ; and Cardinal Marc Ouellet of Canada , who would become the first North American pope . One former cardinal who wo n't participate in the conclave is Keith O'Brien of Scotland , who resigned last month . O'Brien apologized Sunday for sexual impropriety , without specifying any incident . "  To those I have offended , I apologize and ask forgiveness , " he said in a statement . The Vatican refused to answer questions on Monday about whether it will discipline O'Brien . In response to questions from British journalists , Vatican spokesman the Rev. Thomas Rosica read the statement that O'Brien released on Sunday . "  That is all we can say , is what 's been said , " Rosica said . Chinese Catholics pine for open-minded pope to heal rifts But others did comment . "  It looks as if the incidence of abuse is practically zero right now as far as we can tell , but they are still the victims and the wound therefore is deep in their hearts and minds very often , " Cardinal Francis George , archbishop of Chicago , told reporters in Rome . "  As long as it 's with them , it 's with all of us and that will last for a long time , so the next pope has to be aware of this . " Philip Tartaglia , the archbishop of Glasgow and apostolic administrator of the Archdiocese of St. Andrews and Edinburgh , will administer O'Brien 's archdiocese until a new appointment is made . "  The most stinging charge which has been leveled against us in this matter is hypocrisy , and for obvious reasons , " Tartaglia said in prepared remarks slated for delivery Monday night in his sermon at St. Andrew 's Cathedral in Glasgow . "  I think there is little doubt that the credibility and moral authority of the Catholic Church in Scotland has been dealt a serious blow , and we will need to come to terms with that . " He added , "  As for the Church 's mission in our country , yes , our credibility and moral authority have been undermined . It will take time , perhaps a long time , to recover these intangible but important realities . But we can not be defeatist . The answer to this sad episode is not to throw in the towel . We need , rather , to renew our faithfulness to Jesus Christ and to go about our business humbly . " While Benedict has no direct involvement in the selection of his successor , his influence will be felt : He appointed 67 of at least 115 cardinals set to make the decision . Cardinals must vote in person , via paper ballot . Once the process begins , the cardinals are n't allowed to talk with anyone outside of the conclave . They can not leave until white smoke emerges from the Vatican chimney -- the signal that a new leader has been picked . Lombardi said Monday that 4,300 journalists have been accredited to cover the papal conclave . How is a new pope elected ? CNN 's Richard Allen Green reported from Rome . CNN 's Mark Morgenstein reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Our credibility and moral authority have been undermined , " says Archbishop Tartaglia More than 140 cardinals meet at the Vatican but have yet to set a date for the conclave Pope Benedict XVI resigned Thursday A Vatican spokesman says a new pope could be in place before March 15
CNN  -- A cancerous tumor in 13-year-old Danny Hauser 's chest has shrunk significantly since he was ordered by a court last month to resume chemotherapy treatment , a family spokesman said . Danny Hauser , 13 , was headed for a clinic in Mexico until an arrest warrant was issued for his mom . But the Hauser family attributes much of his progress to the complementary use of vitamins and minerals to boost his immune system , Dan Zwakman said . "  The family is doing it on their own , with the doctor 's knowledge , " Zwakman said . "  Everybody is pleased that the tumor is shrinking , of course . The goal is to get rid of the cancer , but they 'd rather be doing it without the chemo . " Danny 's case made national headlines last month when he and his mother , Colleen , fled Sleepy Eye , Minnesota , for Mexico to seek alternative cancer care despite a court order that he undergo chemotherapy . They eventually returned after an arrest warrant was issued for Colleen Hauser . But had they made it to their destination -- the Rubio Clinic in Tijuana , according to Zwakman -- they would have joined the ranks of an estimated hundreds of other cancer patients who head south of the border each year for cancer care . "  Their intentions started long ago with Colleen . She 's been involved in natural healing for many years now . She believes the world was created with everything needed to sustain and heal life , " Zwakman said . Despite controversial origins and consistent bad press in the United States , Tijuana 's border clinics continue to attract people like the Hausers , who are in search of more holistic approaches to cancer treatment . Because little data exist on how many clinics are operating , it 's unclear how many American cancer patients visit Mexico each year , said Stephen Barrett , a patient advocate who runs the Web site , http://www.quackwatch.com/ . "  If they answered , you could not be sure they were telling the truth . They might have an incentive to raise the number , " he said in an e-mail . "  To make matters more complicated , many of the ` cancer ' clinics also see people who do n't have cancer . " The concept of complementary and alternative cancer treatment has slowly been gaining acceptance for more than a decade in the United States , with the creation of entities including the National Cancer Institute 's Office of Cancer Complementary and Alternative Medicine . "  Clinicians and researchers have realized that it 's important to conduct methodologically sound studies to help guide patients to understand what 's safe and what 's effective , " said Dr. Ted Gansler , medical director of health content for the American Cancer Society . But no one recommends that alternative treatment be used to replace conventional care , such as chemotherapy or radiation , he said . "  The important thing to remember is there is no recommended alternative to conventional treatment , and the reason is because if it worked , it would become conventional , " he said . As far as Tijuana 's border clinics are concerned , the American Cancer Society cautions that "  methods promoted in Mexican border clinics are not consistent with scientific understanding " of cancer and its treatment . "  Although these clinics often claim great success in advertisements and books , they have not published convincing evidence in medical journals to support those claims , " the ACS says in a section on its Web site called Questionable Cancer Practices In Mexico . "  Patients traveling to the Tijuana area for treatment appear to be subjecting themselves to costly and potentially hazardous regimens , especially if they postpone standard medical care . " Loose regulatory standards in Mexico allow Tijuana 's clinics to thrive , many offering expensive treatment in luxurious , spa-like settings , complete with fresh meals , exercise classes and emotional and spiritual counseling . Many herbs and dietary supplements used in border clinics are not considered dangerous ; they just have not been put through the rigorous clinical trials required for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to approve them for use as cancer treatments . Others , like the antioxidants carotene , lycopene and vitamins C , E and A , have produced inconsistent results in large-scale trials and are still being researched . Still others , like laetrile , a chemical compound whose active ingredient is cyanide , can be dangerous , the National Cancer Institute says . But many patients say they are attracted by the warm , caring relationship between patient and clinic staff . "  They do n't just see the disease . They see the person behind the disease and know how to care for them in every way , " says Sarah Sackett-Hutcheson , who claims she has been cancer-free for 17 years . When she was 11 years old , her oncologist told her family she had six months to live and recommended chemotherapy and radiation to battle her non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma . Instead of undergoing the debilitating treatments , she went to the Oasis of Hope Hospital in Tijuana , where she received low doses of chemotherapy along with intravenous vitamins . The American Cancer Society says there is no scientific evidence that low doses of chemotherapy or large doses of supplements are effective against cancer . But Sackett-Hutcheson believes the small doses of chemo attacked cancerous cells without destroying her immune system while the vitamins boosted her immunity . "  I remember thinking if they 'd given me the high doses of chemo I would n't have made it . Even the low doses made me so incredibly sick . I 'd be getting up like every 15 minutes , puking in the middle of the night , " Sackett-Hutcheson said . Like Danny Hauser , Sackett-Hutcheson was entangled in a court battle over her family 's decision . However , a judge allowed her to continue treatment in Mexico , while last month a judge ordered Hauser to undergo chemotherapy . Sackett-Hutcheson 's case was ultimately dismissed after doctors from the M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston declined to evaluate her progress on the grounds that they felt she was receiving "  inadequate treatment , " according to court documents . Four months after her diagnosis in 1991 , she says , she was cancer-free , and has remained so . Dr. Francisco Contreras , Oasis of Hope 's head physician and the son of its founder , says Mexico 's "  open-mindedness " toward alternative therapies is related to the socioeconomic standing of most of its citizens . "  Mexican authorities are much more open to natural therapies because most Mexicans live under the line of poverty so they would not have access to conventional medicine , " he said . "  I do n't know if that 's for benefit of our patients or not , but we have this open-mindedness because we have to do something to help our people . " Like many border clinics , Contreras says his center takes an integrative approach , combining conventional treatment , such as chemotherapy and radiation , with alternative methods to create individualized regimens that focus on healing the entire body with fewer debilitating , long-term side effects . Not everyone leaves Tijuana 's clinics happy . Several articles on www.quackwatch.com and its sister sites contain negative testimonials from people who say they sought alternative treatment , mostly laetrile , for parents or a loved one only to have them die of cyanide poisoning a few weeks later . Such cautionary tales did n't stop Jennifer Woods from following the example of her grandfather by going to Tijuana to receive the Alivizatos treatment , an intravenous serum that its makers say consists of vitamins , minerals and amino acids . During her first monthlong visit , Woods paid about $ 15,000 for surgery to remove her tumors , 20 days of worth of the dosage and two meals a day , plus lodging expenses across the border in San Diego , California . But Woods says it was worth every penny . "  I feel well . I 've never had any ill side effects , and I have learned so much about nutrition and how to maintain my health , " she said in a telephone interview from her home in Denver , Colorado . Woods says she has not seen a doctor in the United States since . She says she returns to IBC about every six months for six days at a time to receive "  booster treatments " for about $ 1,200 a visit . "  It 's a very well-rounded program . You do n't just go there and let somebody give you something and then walk out and forget about it . You take responsibility from that day forward to do the right thing to keep your health in order . "	Tumors have shrunk in teen who was ordered to resume chemotherapy Family credits alternative treatments he 's getting in addition to chemo Many clinics is Mexico promise cancer healing through alternative therapies Expert : If alternative therapies really cured cancer , they 'd be standard treatment
WIRED  -- Microsoft released an Xbox Live app for iOS devices on Wednesday , bringing features of Microsoft 's gaming service to Apple devices for the first time . My Xbox Live lets users edit their 3-D avatars , chat with Xbox Live friends and revel in their achievements . You can also check out more information about the newest apps and games on Xbox , as well as gaming tips and breaking news . Windows Phone users have had Xbox Live services packaged into their mobile experience for a while now , but now iOS users can get a piece of the action . And whether they like it or not , iOS users who download the app are also getting a screen similar to a Windows Phone-style user interface . The iPhone app features the horizontal bar across the bottom of the screen that houses the same sort of circular icons you 'd find in a Windows Phone 7 app . Also included : a clever browser-based demo that lets you virtually explore the UI of a Windows Phone from your Android or iPhone handset . While you may already be on a phone of a different OS , it has potential to lure potential defectors over to Microsoft 's mobile platform . It 's been a good week for Microsoft . On Tuesday , the company unveiled the details of its upcoming Windows Store for Windows 8 , the newest version of the world 's most popular desktop platform . And on Monday , the company announced that the Xbox was getting a user interface refresh , with dozens of new content channels and the addition of a Windows Phone app you can use to control your Xbox . Microsoft 's iOS apps are now icing on top of the cake . Now when are we going to get those Microsoft Office apps on the iPad ? My Xbox Live is available free for download on the iPhone and iPad in the App Store . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	My Xbox Live lets users edit their 3-D avatars , chat with Xbox Live friends iOS users who download the app get a screen similar to Windows Phone-style interface My Xbox Live is available free for download on the iPhone and iPad in the App Store
CNN  -- Back in 1994 , when Newt Gingrich led the GOP to take over the House , it was historic . A sea change . An earthquake . Why ? Because Democrats had held control of the House for the previous 40 years . As in four decades . Imagine that . Hard to believe it ever worked that way . Now voters demand change elections more often than they do n't . Consider this : Republicans win the Senate in 2002 , then lose it in 2006 . The Democrats hold the Senate until losing control of it last night -- predictions are that they might be in a good position to take it back in two years . At some point , someone might start listening : Voters are steaming . They 're anxious . They 're also not expecting Democrats and Republicans to suddenly write poetry together . But here 's one thing they do expect : competency . As in : figure out a way to do your job without continually kicking the proverbial cans down the road . In a pre-election interview with CNN earlier this week , Vice President Joe Biden told me that the "  President and I have to figure out how to better communicate . " That may be true , but what happened last night is not a communications problem . It 's a governing problem . Almost 8 out of 10 voters who voted yesterday do n't trust the government to do the right thing -- and the president runs the White House and his party controlled the Senate . So the voters , done with hope , voted change . The reason these races went down to the wire -- until the tidal wave became obvious when Democrats could n't elect governors in blue states -- is that the voters did n't like either the Democrats or the Republicans . But , as it turns out , when given the chance to express a preference , they decided they disliked President Obama the most , and sent the message loud and clear . Sure , the larger issues of the economy and health care loomed large . Two thirds of the country thinks the nation is headed down the wrong track . But the signal was loud and clear to Washington : Figure out a way to get us going in the right direction . Oddly enough , for a midterm election , the turning point came on a foreign policy matter . Sources in campaigns for both Democrats and Republicans tell me they agree on this : When the President said he did n't have a strategy for ISIS in Syria in late summer -- and then followed up by saying the administration had underestimated the strength of ISIS -- polls started to shift . Then came Ebola , and the shift continued . "  After he said that stuff , we all began to look at it very hard , " said one GOP strategist with a couple of wins under his belt today . "  It was about refusing to take bold steps on big problems . It was n't a fluke , and that 's what we drove home . " It worked . With one Republican strategist describing the disastrous Obamacare website rollout as "  The Number One driver " of the competency issue , the narrative was set . Obama seemed afloat , the world out of control . And a Democratic strategist confirms their numbers starting going south at that time too . "  It was like defying gravity , " he told me . And that 's exactly why Democrats separated from Obama . Only it did n't work . The question for Democrats now is whether the Obama coalition survives without Obama . Right now , the party looks like a group of managers who have sliced up the electorate into gettable constituencies : women , minorities , young voters . But in this election , the Republicans had a fresher playbook -- talking to suburban women worried about health care , with a good pack of candidates , and an improved political operation . Here 's the rub : For a midterm election , it works to be the party simply against the incumbent . But there was n't any Republican game plan for the future . And there sure does n't seem to be a Democratic one , either . At some point , the voters have to start believing the government -- and the people who are supposed to be running it -- works . Or they will hold their noses and vote for change . Again .	Gloria Borger : Voters are much less patient with politicians than in the past They want a government that will act effectively to solve problems She says strategists saw Democrats lose ground in polls after Obama 's ISIS strategy comment Borger : Uncertainty over Ebola response also hurt the Democrats
CNN  -- Since when were a bunch of kids so interested in ancient history ? Whole families were pressed up against the railings at Largo Argentina , the square in Rome , craning their heads toward ... a hole in the ground . Rome is full of holes in the ground , many of them historically significant , but this one was extra special . It contained the remains of the theater and temple where Julius Caesar was assassinated . But the kids were n't there for the ancient general-turned-emperor , murdered by treacherous senators in 44 BC . They were there for the cats . Rome 's kitty ruins Rome 's noble ruins are a favorite haunt of feral cats . The "  gatti di Roma " star on postcards and wall calendars sold all over the city . The ruins at Largo Argentina host an open-air cat sanctuary that 's more than just a good show for visiting and local children . The city 's strays have been fed and watered at the site almost since it was first excavated in the 1920s . The 1990s brought an injection of funds into the Torre Argentina Roman Cat Sanctuary , money that allowed more cats to be trapped , neutered and returned to their colony . Now , thousands of sterilizations are carried out each year -- around 30,000 and counting since 2000 . More : How to Travel with Your Dog Japan 's cat islands That 's right : islands . Plural . Tashirojima in Miyagi Prefecture , is Japan 's best-known feline isle . It usually goes by the name Cat Island . Dogs have been barred from Tashirojima for as long as anyone can remember . The island 's cats vastly outnumber its human population . Tashirojima 's furry inhabitants are well cared for by local fishermen , who hope to ensure a good catch by leaving offerings at a cat shrine . The island 's most prominent structure , the Manga building and campsite , is embellished with a pair of pointy ears , in tribute to the island 's lucky charms . Japan 's other cat island , Ainoshima , is a little more remote , a 20-minute ferry ride from Shingu port in Fukuoka . A scrum of happy cats hangs out by the port , waiting for the next fishing boat or ferry to dock . In fact , the island represents a doubly incentive for the cats -- rugged Ainoshima is also a popular birdwatching site . More : The cat that saved a Japanese train station Houtong , Taiwan The riverside town of Houtong , Taiwan , fell into feline celebrity by accident . Houtong once sat on top of Taiwan 's largest coal mine . When the mine closed in the 1990s , the town 's population dwindled . Then some new , furry residents arrived . The Houtong Coal Mine Ecological Park  Houtong Road , Ruifang District , New Taipei City ; +886 2 2497 4143  was established to showcase the mining heritage of the town and surrounding hills . But visitors mostly come to photograph the 120 or so playful cats , who laze around the Cat Village and soak up the fuss -- and inevitable treats . Houtong 's proximity to Taipei -- it 's an hour away by train -- ensures a steady stream of visitors each weekend . Cats here are used to amateur paparazzi . Their portraits are all over Facebook and Flickr . More : Intimate interview with Boo , the world 's cutest dog Kalkan Kats  Turkey A pretty resort on Turkey 's Turquoise Coast , Kalkan is another tourist destination with an active cat protection squad . Established in 2008 , KAPSA is a voluntary organization run by locals and expats that traps stray cats . KAPSA neuters them and provides basic healthcare , then releases them . Animal loving visitors regularly give up vacation time to help out and share their experiences and photos on the Friends of KAPSA Facebook group . When tourists disappear for the winter , KAPSA feeds and cares for more than a thousand cats , relying on donations to fund its operations . Eager photographers can snap cats all over Kalkan , snoozing on hammam towels , curled up in fruit bowls or enjoying the air conditioning in the resort 's stores . Several often gather by the old mosque , close to Kalkan 's beach , to pose for the cameras . Hemingway 's cats , Florida Keys Ernest Hemingway earned a reputation as one of the world 's great drinkers . There 's even a statue of him propping up the bar in El Floridita , Havana . Less known is that Hemingway was also a cat lover . The Ernest Hemingway Home and Museum  907 Whitehead St. , Key West , Florida ; +1 305 294 1136  , Key West , is stuffed with antique furniture and fine art . In some rooms , it feels like the great author has just stepped out , even though he died in 1961 . And his 1850s house is still a home -- to a colony of polydactyl , or six-toed , cats . Hemingway was given a white six-toed cat named Snowball in the 1930s . Some of Snowball 's descendents are among the 50 or so furry residents of the historic home today .	In Rome , kids prefer cats over ruins On Japan 's Cat Island , dogs are banned ... or have fled In Taiwan , felines flock to a former coal mine -- visitors follow Hemingway 's former Key West home is full of six-toed cats
CNN  -- "  The Wire " actor Anwan Glover says that "  my flesh may be stabbed but my spirit is unbreakable " after he was attacked early Sunday at a Washington nightclub . Glover , who began his career as a musician , had finished performing at the club and was watching another group 's show when the incident happened , he said in an Twitter posting Sunday . The police report said Glover fell to the ground when he was struck in the head "  by an unknown object " at Cafe Asia in northwest Washington and was "  kicked in the body " by two unidentified attackers . "  While defending myself , I was stabbed , " Glover said . "  I was hospitalized and have been released . " The actor 's publicist told CNN that the "  attack was a complete shock to Anwan , as there was no incident or argument of any kind leading to it . " D.C. police said an investigation will continue , but no one has been arrested . Glover was taken to a hospital , where he was treated and then released , police said . "  I am not a stranger to adversity and when shown hate , I 'm going to spread love , " Glover said . "  I am recovering and will be back soon . My flesh may be stabbed but my spirit is unbreakable . " Glover is best known for his role as Slim Charles in the HBO crime drama "  The Wire . " He also played Cape in the 2013 Oscar-winning movie "  12 Years a Slave . " CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	"  While defending myself , I was stabbed , " Anwan Glover tweets Glover was treated and released from a hospital after Sunday 's stabbing The actor played Slim Charles on HBO 's "  The Wire "
CNN  -- As German Gen. Erwin Rommel chased British forces across the North African desert , a stray Royal Air Force fighter crashed in the blistering sands of the Egyptian Sahara on June 28 , 1942 . The pilot was never heard from again . The damaged Kittyhawk P-40 -- a couple of hundred miles from civilization -- was presumed lost forever . Until now . In what experts consider nothing short of a miracle , a Polish oil company worker recently discovered the plane believed to have been flown by missing Flight Sgt. Dennis Copping . And almost 70 years after the accident , it 's extraordinarily well-preserved . The fighter 's "  state of preservation is incredible , " British military historian Andy Saunders told CNN . "  The thing just landed there in the desert and the pilot clearly got out . ... It is a complete time capsule really  and  an exceptionally rare find . These things just do n't happen . " Most of the plane 's fuselage , wings , tail and cockpit instruments remain intact . For safety reasons , Egyptian officials have removed its ammunition and guns . See additional photos Copping 's plane -- authorities have not confirmed his identity , though it has been widely reported in British newspapers -- crashed after the 24-year-old pilot got lost while trying to fly it from one RAF base to another for repairs to its front landing gear , which would n't retract . Copping , part of the RAF 's Egyptian 260 Squadron , was trying to get the American-built plane back in fighting condition in the run-up to what would prove to be the pivotal Battle of El Alamein . The young pilot , according to Saunders , apparently became disoriented during the flight and headed in the wrong direction . Another RAF pilot flying nearby "  tried all sorts of things " to get his attention , but Copping "  bizarrely " ignored a series of warnings , Saunders said . By the time Copping realized his mistake , he was too low on fuel to turn around . Several pieces of evidence at the crash site -- including a parachute believed to have been used as shelter from the sun -- indicate the strong probability Copping survived the landing . He almost certainly could not , however , survive the blazing Sahara heat for long . Copping "  would have stayed by the aircraft initially , " Saunders noted . While the plane 's glass valve radio was likely knocked out of commission by the crash , "  the parachute gives him shelter and a means to be identified from the air . The guy also would have had a little silver signaling mirror to attract passing aircraft and a pistol with a limited number of flares . " Why would Copping leave the wreckage ? "  Maybe he got desperate when he saw nobody was coming for him , and thought  the  only way to survive was to walk out " and look for help , Saunders speculated . RAF pilots in North Africa at that time did n't have much in terms of rations . Copping 's supply would have been very limited , assuming he had food or water at all . Pilots were "  flying with very basic life support systems , " Saunders said . "  His chances of survival were not good . " As Copping 's story becomes known , British authorities are hoping to bring his plane back to the United Kingdom and put it on display at the RAF Museum in London . Museum representatives are working with the British Embassy in Cairo and Britain 's Ministry of Defence on a possible recovery operation . "  It 's an incredible story , " said museum spokesman Michael Creane . "  It 's a perfect story in so many ways . It 's incredible the plane sat there in this untouched part of the world for so long . ... We 're dedicated to recovering it as fast as we can . This would be a fantastic asset . "	Oil company worker finds World War II-era Royal Air Force fighter in Egypt 's Sahara Desert The well-preserved plane is believed to have been piloted by Flight Sgt. Dennis Copping The Kittyhawk P-40 crashed on June 28 , 1942 British officials want to display the plane in the RAF Museum in London
CNN  Bruce Gilden was tired . He 's 68 , and he had just returned to New York from an assignment in South Africa . Next up were England , Hong Kong , Tokyo . Some assignments , some locations , are better than others . In a surprisingly warm stretch of October , the photographer shot an assignment in Brighton Beach , a neighborhood not terribly far from his apartment in Manhattan . He liked that . He could spend four days there but go home at night to see his wife and pet his cats . He knows the place well , too . He grew up in Brooklyn and Queens and spent years shooting around Coney Island . This stretch of Brooklyn has changed since then , as all things do , but it 's still special , still a beloved place to dip a toe in the Atlantic . It maintained its individuality , Gilden says . It 's not like where he lives -- the same rent-stabilized apartment in SoHo where he has stayed for decades . It changed around him into people who all seem to dress and act the same . "  Here , a guy gets a job on Wall Street , where 's the struggle ? " Gilden said . "  I 'm not interested , visually . " But Brighton Beach is something else . His wife loves to go there to swim , or buy tchotchkes and fancy mustard . If he had to pick a location for a fashion shoot , it 'd be there . The neighborhood was pretty Russian all those years ago . Now , he says , it 's all Russian . Jewish and Ukrainian , too , but really Russian . He ca n't read the signs . You ask the time , and folks will show you their watch rather than say the words . Last October , he brought a translator along because so few people speak English -- or at least , he says , they pretend they do n't . He wandered the streets below the elevated train with a small Leica camera , and he snapped photos when he spotted a character . It 's not too crowded , and most people were very nice . Some wanted to take his head off . After years of shooting gangsters , revelers and whoever happens to be out and about , it all unfolds so quickly that almost nobody makes a fuss , he says . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  I have very good bedside manner from all the years on the streets , " Gilden said . "  It 's like playing sports . You do n't have time to think . You act and react . "  I shoot what 's interesting . All I 'm about is visual . " And Brighton Beach is a sight . For decades , Gilden shot in black and white . For the last two years , he says , he sees in color . Brighton Beach has it all -- wild prints on shirts and dresses , fluorescent bathing suits that do n't exactly fit , garish makeup that 's been lovingly applied the same way for 50 years . "  I shoot who I am , " Gilden said . "  And I shoot what interests me , even when people hire me . I 'll get the job done , but I have a lot of energy in my pictures . With those people , there 's a lot of energy . They 're shopping , shopping , shopping . They go with their carts , and their red lipstick and their bright clothes . " Brighton Beach ? Sure , it 's close to home . But , Gilden says , "  it 's an assignment that I liked . " Bruce Gilden is a street photographer based in New York . He is represented by Magnum Photos .	Bruce Gilden spent four days photographing people at New York 's Brighton Beach The neighborhood is packed with colorful , energetic characters
A Sudanese Christian woman once sentenced to death in her native country because of her faith arrived in her new home , the United States , on Thursday . Mariam Yehya Ibrahim , her husband and two young children were greeted by a large crowd of supporters at Manchester-Boston Regional Airport in New Hampshire . Ibrahim , whose sentence was overturned a few weeks ago , did n't speak with the media . Her brother-in-law , Gabriel Wani , said there was "  a lot of happiness right now . " New Hampshire 's senators , Kelly Ayotte and Jeanne Shaheen , sent staff members to the terminal and sent out a news release welcoming Ibrahim to the state . "  She has inspired the world with her extraordinary courage and resilience , and I join all Granite Staters in extending a warm welcome to Meriam and her family , " Ayotte said . The senators were in Washington , casting votes . Court sentence for apostasy , marrying a Christian Ibrahim 's ordeal started when a Muslim relative filed a criminal complaint saying she had married Daniel Wani , a Christian , after going missing for several years . A Sudanese court considered Ibrahim a Muslim because her father was Muslim . She was charged with adultery on grounds that a Muslim woman 's marriage to a Christian man is illegal in Sudan . Ibrahim also was charged with apostasy , accused of illegally renouncing what was alleged to be her original faith . She was convicted in May , while about eight months pregnant . In chains , Ibrahim gave birth about two weeks later in a women 's hospital in Khartoum . Ibrahim had been detained since mid-January . She refused to let go of her 20-month-old son , Martin , for fear she would never see him again . Ibrahim was born to a Sudanese Muslim father and an Ethiopian Orthodox mother . Her father left when she was 6 years old . She was raised by her mother as a Christian . A court in Sudan overturned Ibrahim 's death sentence a few weeks ago , but police arrested her again June 24 when she and her family tried to leave Sudan to go to the United States . Wani is an American citizen who has lived in Manchester since 1998 . New charges Police accused her of falsifying travel documents in an attempt to fly to the United States with her family . They were taken into custody at the airport in the capital , Khartoum . The family had been confined to a safe house in Sudan until last week , when they traveled to Italy . Italy maintains good relations with Khartoum and offered to help the U.S. Embassy there speed up the process of getting U.S. passports for Ibrahim and her family , Italy 's Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Lapo Pistelli said . Manchester -- with a population of about 110,000 , the largest city in northern New England -- has long served as a resettlement site for refugees from dozens of countries who have been scattered throughout the United States by the State Department . Since the late 1990s , more than 500 people from what is now South Sudan were resettled in New Hampshire , the majority of them in Manchester , according to refugee advocates .	Mariam Yehya Ibrahim was released from death row in Sudan She was charged with apostasy after marrying Christian Ibrahim was raised a Christian but court charged her because father was Mulsim Her husband lives in New Hampshire
CNN  -- Hurricane Barbara weakened to a tropical storm Wednesday after it crashed ashore along Mexico 's southern Pacific coast . Barely a hurricane , the moisture-laden storm made landfall in the state of Chiapas , about 20 miles west of Tonala , the U.S.-based National Hurricane Center said . Barbara had sustained winds then of 75 mph , and was moving north-northeast at 9 mph . Winds weakened to 50 mph by Wednesday night . The storm was about 50 miles west-northwest of Tuxtla Gutierrez , according to the hurricane center 's last advisory . Barbara is expected to dump between 6-10 inches of rain , with up to 20 inches possible in some areas . "  These rains could cause life-threatening flash floods and mud slides , " the hurricane center warned . On the forecast track , Barbara is expected to move over southeastern Mexico into Thursday . Rapid weakening is forecast during that time . Barbara is expected to dissipate within days . The storm is the second of the eastern Pacific hurricane season , after Tropical Storm Alvin this month .	NEW : Barbara dumps heavy rain over parts of southeastern Mexico Rapid weakening is forecast Barbara crashed ashore in the southern state of Chiapas
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Navy succeeded in its effort to shoot down an inoperable spy satellite before it could crash to Earth and potentially release a cloud of toxic gas , the Department of Defense said Wednesday . A Delta II rocket lifts off , carrying a reconnaissance satellite that failed hours later . The first opportunity for the Navy to shoot down the satellite came about 10:30 p.m. ET Wednesday . The plan included firing a missile from the USS Lake Erie in the Pacific Ocean west of Hawaii to destroy the satellite . "  A network of land - , air - , sea - and space-based sensors confirms that the U.S. military intercepted a non-functioning National Reconnaissance Office satellite which was in its final orbits before entering the Earth 's atmosphere , " a Department of Defense statement said . "  At approximately 10:26 p.m. EST today , a U.S. Navy AEGIS warship , the USS Lake Erie , fired a single modified tactical Standard Missile-3 , hitting the satellite approximately 247 kilometers  133 nautical miles  over the Pacific Ocean as it traveled in space at more than 17,000 mph . " It was unknown whether the missile hit its precise target -- the satellite 's full fuel tank . The Department of Defense said it would n't know for certain for 24 hours whether the fuel tank had been hit . However , several defense officials told The Associated Press the missile did apparently destroy the fuel tank . Watch a report on the successful shootdown " "  Debris will begin to re-enter the Earth 's atmosphere immediately , " the department said . "  Nearly all of the debris will burn up on re-entry within 24-48 hours and the remaining debris should re-enter within 40 days . " However , even if the missile did n't score a direct hit , "  any kind of hit provides a much better outcome than doing nothing at all , " Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told reporters at Pearl Harbor , Hawaii . The missile did n't carry a warhead , with authorities saying the impact was expected to be sufficient to destroy the fuel tank . Navy gunners had just a 10-second window to fire , and officials had said they might not be able to take their shot on the first opportunity . Earlier Wednesday , officials had expressed concern about weather conditions , saying the launch could be delayed . However , the 10-second window would have occurred on each of the next nine or 10 days . Watch Pentagon spokesman Jeff Morrell describe the launch window " Officials had said the missile would not be fired until the space shuttle Atlantis landed , which it did Wednesday morning , to ensure the shuttle would not be struck by any debris from the destroyed satellite . The attempt cost up to $ 60 million , according to estimates . Without intervention , officials say , the satellite would have fallen to Earth on its own in early March . However , since it malfunctioned immediately after it was launched in December 2006 , it had a full tank -- about 1,000 pounds -- of frozen , toxic hydrazine propellant . Watch how the failing satellite failed to spark fears " The fuel tank probably would have survived re-entry if the satellite had fallen to Earth on its own . That could have dispersed harmful or even potentially deadly fumes over an area the size of two football fields . Hydrazine is similar to chlorine or ammonia in that it affects the lungs and breathing tissue . The Chinese military destroyed an aging weather satellite last year , prompting questions about whether the United States is merely flexing its muscle to show an economic and military rival that it can destroy satellites , too . James Jeffrey , deputy national security adviser , denied that this week , saying , "  This is all about trying to reduce the danger to human beings . " But Beijing appears to have doubts . "  China is continuing to closely follow the possible harm caused by the U.S. action to outer space security and relevant countries , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Liu Jianchao said Thursday . "  China further requests that the United States ... promptly provide to the international community the necessary information ... so that relevant countries can take precautions . " In 1989 , a U.S. fighter jet destroyed a U.S. satellite by firing a modified air-to-air missile into space from an altitude of 80,000 feet . That adds to evidence that the U.S. acted Wednesday strictly to guard against the prospect of a potential disaster , said Gen. James Cartwright , vice chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff . The military timed its shootdown attempt so that resulting debris would tumble into the atmosphere and not interfere with other satellites , said Christina Rocca , a U.S. diplomat and expert on disarmament . Her comments were included in an online United Nations report on this month 's Conference on Disarmament in Geneva , Switzerland . See dangers and possible solutions to satellite problem " The military also timed its efforts to minimize the chances that debris would hit populated areas . But the United States is "  prepared to offer assistance to governments to mitigate the consequences of any satellite debris impacts on their territory , " according to a report of Rocca 's remarks on the Web site of the Geneva office of the U.N. . One Pentagon official said that since early January , a team including 200 industry experts and scientists had worked furiously to modify the Aegis air-defense missile system so it could shoot down the satellite . Among the team 's challenges was modifying the sensors designed to detect the heat from an incoming warhead , as the satellite will be much cooler . The missile was to release a "  kinetic kill vehicle , " enabling it to "  see " the satellite and adjust its course toward it if necessary , officials said . In January 2007 , China used a land-based missile to destroy a 2,200-pound satellite that was orbiting 528 miles above the Earth . The impact left more than 100,000 pieces of debris orbiting the planet , NASA estimated -- 2,600 of them more than 4 inches across . The U.S. agency called the breakup of the Fengyun-C satellite the worst in history . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jamie McIntyre , Suzanne Malveaux and Miles O'Brien contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : China asks U.S. to provide information so "  countries can take precautions " Pentagon : Most debris will burn up on re-entry within two days The remaining debris should re-enter the atmosphere within 40 days Pentagon wo n't know for certain for 24 hours whether fuel tank was hit
London , England  CNN  -- In the latest edition of Fanzone 's look at famous soccer fans , South Africa captain and Portsmouth midfielder Aaron Mokoena tells all about his favorite team and their bitter rivalry with the Kaizer Chiefs . Who do you support and why ? In South Africa my favorite football team is Orlando Pirates . I played for professional team Jomo Cosmos but I always love Orlando Pirates because that 's was the team that I grew up supporting . How did you start supporting them ? My elder brother , he made me support Pirates and used to take me to watch the games . That really made me fall in love with the team . They had so many good players as well . That 's why I fell in love with the club . Do you remember your first game ? It was Orlando Pirates against Kaizer Chiefs , the biggest derby game in South Africa , I went to watch and it was unbelievable ; really , really amazing . That was the derby of Soweto , I think it was probably 1990 . That is a game that everyone wants to watch . It 's like Manchester United versus Manchester City or Liverpool . It 's a game that you ca n't miss . How are they doing at the moment ? They 're still doing well . Lots of youngsters ... it 's been generations after generations . The generation they have now are more younger players . They 're adapting well and doing very well . What is the most memorable game from Orlando Pirates you 've seen ? They won the African Champions League in 1995 . It was the first team in South Africa to win such a tournament . That tournament is the toughest tournament to play ... and they did extremely well , they won the cup . That really stands out for me . Is Kaizer Chiefs the team you love to hate ? Not that I do hate Kaizer Chiefs but as they are the arch rivals to Orlando Pirates , I tend to have a soft spot for Pirates but not for Kaizer Chiefs . I would go back to South Africa and play for Kaizer Chiefs to be fair but I do n't hate them , they are really professional . But between Pirates and Chiefs , I would always choose Orlando Pirates . Would you play for Orlando Pirates ? Has that opportunity come up ? I have been so fortunate to sit down with the owner of Orlando Pirates and he said , "  Look the moment you retire from your football in Europe make sure you come down to Orlando Pirates " -- so it 's an opportunity that is there for me . I am an ambassador for "  Education -- One goal for all " and I spoke to him at the launch two months ago at the Emirates stadium and that 's when we had a chat . He 's a really respectable person in South Africa and him saying that meant a lot to me .	Mokoena grew up watching Orlando Pirates with his brother The first game he saw was the derby match between Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs His proudest moment supporting the club is when they won the African Champions League
CNN  -- Syrian President Bashar al-Assad insists he will "  live and die " in Syria , even as countries offer him safe passage in exchange for halting a gruesome civil war . "  I 'm not a puppet , and I was not made by the West to go to the West or to any other country , " he told Russia Today TV . "  I am Syrian . I was made in Syria and to live and die in Syria . " He also made an ominous threat against foreign intervention , saying it would have a "  domino impact " on the world . "  I think that the cost of foreign invasion of Syria , if it happened , would be greater than one that the whole world can afford , " he told Russia Today . "  Because if there were problems in Syria , particularly as we are the last bastion of secularism , stability and coexistence in the region , it will have a domino impact that will affect the world from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean . "  And you know its implications on the rest of the world . I do not think that the West is moving in this direction , but if they do , no one can predict what will happen after . " Al-Assad 's comments came after British Prime Minister David Cameron broached the idea of giving him "  safe passage " if that 's what it takes to stop the bloodshed in Syria . 50 Syrian soldiers killed in suicide bombing , opposition says "  Anything , anything to get that man out of the country and to have a safe transition in Syria , " Cameron told Al-Arabiya TV . "  Of course I would favor him facing the full force of international law and justice for what he 's done . I am certainly not offering him an exit plan to Britain , but if he wants to leave , he could leave ; that could be arranged . " Even Tunisia , the first country in the region last year to oust its longtime ruler , has offered asylum to al-Assad in an attempt to prevent further violence . Meanwhile , a prominent Syrian opposition group and Western leaders are trying to unite the opposition to form an alternative to al-Assad 's government . But while the Syrian National Council is trying to maintain a majority rule in unification efforts , the West is trying to dilute the group 's dominance . Once viewed by Western countries as "  a legitimate representative of the Syrian opposition , " the SNC scrambled to regroup after Western leaders said it should no longer be the face of the Syrian rebellion . The SNC announced the formation of a "  national conference " in which "  all opposition groups participate , with SNC having the highest percentage of representation . " Syrian rebels blame ` heinous ' executions on ` extremists ' "  The National Conference shall consist of 300 participants from the SNC , local councils in the liberated areas , defected technocrats , independent opposition groups and national armed resistance groups under the umbrella of the  rebel  Free Syrian Army , " the group said . Representatives from Britain , France , the United States and Turkey are meeting in Qatar Thursday to try to ensure Syria 's opposition is represented by more than just the Syrian National Council . "  Our objective is to encourage Syria 's opposition groups to unite around a vision for a democratic and stable Syria , " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement . "  This is necessary to offer the Syrian people a credible alternative to the Assad regime and to achieve an inclusive political transition that ends the appalling bloodshed and reflects the will of the Syrian people . " Meanwhile , Turkey urged the international community to do more to support Syrian-led efforts to resolve the crisis , and warned against further delay . "  There is not a moment to lose , " Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu told delegates in Doha , Qatar , Thursday , according to Turkey 's semiofficial Anadolu news agency . The Doha meeting comes after U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the SNC -- which consists largely of expatriates -- should no longer be considered the "  visible leader " of efforts to form a new government . Clinton said the opposition must include seats for "  those who are on the front lines fighting and dying today . " The inability so far to create a unified opposition front has helped prolong Syria 's bloody conflict , which has claimed the lives of more than 32,000 people over the past 20 months . U.S. identifying possible leaders in Syrian opposition In other developments : The Red Cross is unable to "  cope " with the increasingly deteriorating humanitarian situation in Syria , Peter Maurer , president of the International Committee of the Red Cross , said in Geneva , Switzerland , Thursday . "  The seriousness of the crisis is deepening every day and this trend has been uninterrupted since the summer , " he said . "  There are a number of blind spots where we know no aid has reached the population . " Aid workers have to contend with a complex situation and obstacles on the ground that include security threats and military or bureaucratic restrictions on access , ICRC spokeswoman Carla Haddad Mardini said . "  We try to fill the cracks which open , and whenever we have an opportunity to deliver aid , we go ahead , " Maurer said . At least 64 people have died in Syria so far Thursday , according to the Local Coordination Committees , an opposition activist network . Of those , 22 were killed in Damascus and its suburbs , the LCC said . A car bomb exploded in Sayda Zainab , a neighborhood in the Damascus countryside , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based opposition group . There was no immediate information on how many people were killed . Saida Zaynab is home to a historic Shia shrine that draws thousands of pilgrims every year . Fighting between loyalist Syrian forces and fighters from the Free Syrian Army also raged along Syria 's border with Turkey , leading Turkish authorities to close schools in the border town of Ceylanpinar . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights also said at least 10 rebels and 16 Syrian troops were killed on the Syrian side of the border , in Hasaka province . Some rebels entered Syria from Turkey and engaged the Syrian army in clashes , the group said . At the same time , Turkish President Abdullah Gul said his country was drawing up contingency plans with the NATO military alliance to fortify its border with Syria . Turkey mulls defensive measures on Syrian border Gul told reporters Thursday that because of the ongoing civil war in Syria and its possible repercussions for NATO member Turkey , every measure was being considered to counter the risks . Turkish and international media have reported in recent days those options include the installation of Patriot missiles along the border , something Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan denied Wednesday . Several stray mortar rounds and a tank shell landed Thursday in the Golan Heights -- captured by the Jewish state from Syria in the 1967 Six-Day War -- as a result of fighting inside Syria , according to the Israeli military . One of the shells landed in the Israeli settlement of Alonei HaBashan , but there were no reports of damage or injuries , the Israeli military said . Young Syrian amputee makes dangerous journey to find help CNN 's Arwa Damon , Ivan Watson and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : Car bomb blast in Damascus countryside , no word on deaths The Red Cross says it 's struggling to cope with Syria 's worsening humanitarian situation Russian media : Bashar al-Assad warns of a "  domino " effect from the Atlantic to the Pacific The Syrian National Council announces a new body to include "  all opposition groups "
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libya 's transitional government picked an engineering professor and longtime exile as its acting prime minister Monday , with the new leader pledging to respect human rights and international law . The National Transitional Council elected Abdurrahim El-Keib , an electrical engineer who has held teaching posts at the University of Alabama and Abu Dhabi 's Petroleum Institute , to the post with the support of 26 of the 51 members who voted . El-Keib emerged victorious from a field that initially included 10 candidates . "  This is a new Libya , " El-Keib told reporters . "  It 's been 42 years with our friends and people all around the world dealing with a brutal dictator , so concerns are in order , but I want to tell you there should be none of those . "  We expect the world to understand that we have national interests as well , and we expect them to respect this , " he said . "  In fact , we demand respect of our national rights and national interests . In return , we promise respect and dealing according to international law . " But in response to questions about allegations of human rights abuses by the revolutionary forces that toppled longtime strongman Moammar GGadhafi , El-Keib said Libyans needed time to sort things out . "  I also need to remind myself that the Libyan revolution ended just recently in Bani Walid , Sirte , and in Tripoli only about two months ago , " he said . "  We beg you , the media , to give us the opportunity and the time to think through all the issues that have been raised by yourself as well as other Arab media . But we guarantee you that we are after building a nation that respects human rights and that does not permit abuse of human rights , but we need time . " El-Keib , an NTC member representing Tripoli , has been a member of the Libyan opposition . He is to hold the prime minister 's job while Libya writes a constitution and prepares for a national election to vote in a new government , and said he plans to meet a deadline to form a new government within a month of the October 23 declaration of liberation that followed Gadhafi 's killing . It was not immediately clear when he returned to Libya from the United States , where he had lived since 1975 . According to his university bios , he earned his bachelor 's degree at the University of Tripoli in 1973 , a master 's at the University of Southern California in 1976 at a Ph.D. at North Carolina State in 1984 . He joined the Alabama faculty in 1985 as an assistant professor and became a full professor in 1996 , teaching in the university 's electrical and computer engineering department and serving as director of the engineering school 's Energy Systems and Power Quality Center , according to a university directory . He is currently listed as "  former faculty " on the website of The Petroleum Institute , which said he served as chairman of its electrical engineering department and lists him as an expert in power system economics , planning and controls . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : El-Keib pledges to respect human rights , "  but we need time " He is an engineer who had lived in the United States since 1975 He 'll hold post while constitution is written , elections set
This week , we mark the tenth anniversary of the day the U.S. launched the Iraq War . But when we think of how differently that war might have been fought , the most important date to remember is February 25 , 2003 . That 's when Army Chief of Staff Eric Shinseki told the Senate Armed Services Committee that "  several hundred thousand soldiers " would be needed in Iraq when post-hostilities control was taken into consideration . Shinseki 's estimate was more than double that of the George W. Bush administration , which in March 2003 sent a ground invasion force of 145,000 troops into Iraq . Donald Rumsfeld 's Defense Department wasted no time in answering Shinseki . Two days after Shinseki 's Senate testimony , Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz used his appearance before the House Budget Committee to present an entirely different view of America 's prospects in Iraq . "  Some of the higher-end predictions that we have been hearing recently , such as the notion that it will take several hundred thousand U.S. troops to provide stability in post-Saddam  Hussein  Iraq , are wildly off the mark , " Wolfowitz declared . "  It is hard to conceive that it would take more forces to provide stability in a post-Saddam Iraq than it would take to conduct the war itself . " The Department of Defense 's anger with Shinseki was understandable . His troop estimate made it seem as if the Bush administration was lowballing Congress and the American public . But there was nothing out of the ordinary in Shinseki 's thinking . In Bosnia , where Shinseki had served with the United States peacekeeping mission after the ethnic warfare there was stopped , the Pentagon had used a formula of one soldier for every 50 Bosnians . In Iraq that calculation added up to 300,000 troops . The Defense Department countered Shinseki by saying that Iraq was very different from Bosnia when it came to troop needs . "  There has been none of the record in Iraq of ethnic militias fighting one another that produced so much bloodshed and permanent scars in Bosnia , along with a continuing requirement for large peacekeeping forces to separate those militias , " Wolfowitz insisted . By April 2003 , one month after the Iraq invasion began , it became clear that Shinseki 's troop estimate was correct . When mobs began looting government buildings and hospitals , there were not enough American soldiers to stop them . "  Stuff happens ! " was Rumsfeld 's explanation of the chaos . A more publicity conscious Army chief of staff than Shinseki might have used the looting to make his case before the media . Long before their disagreement over Iraq , he and Rumsfeld had clashed over Rumsfeld 's belief that high-tech warfare gave the Pentagon leeway to reduce overall American troop strength . In 2002 Rumsfeld , irritated by Shinseki 's insistence that American troops were stretched too thin around the world , had made Shinseki a lame-duck Army chief of staff by announcing his successor while Shinseki had more than a year left to serve . In the spring of 2003 Shinseki chose , however , not to engage in a protracted war of words with Rumsfeld . Instead , he stuck to his position on what was needed in Iraq and waited until his Pentagon retirement ceremony in June 2003 to make his case that in the wake of 9/11 , America needed more boots on the ground to meet its global responsibilities . "  Beware the 12-division strategy for a 10-division Army , " Shinseki told his Pentagon audience and then went on to compare America 's war in Iraq with the war he knew as a junior officer in Vietnam . "  The lessons I learned in Vietnam are always with me , " Shinseki stressed , "  lessons about loyalty , about taking care of the people who sacrifice the most . " Both President Bush and Rumsfeld made a point of not attending Shinseki 's retirement ceremony , and the New York Times buried its account of Shinseki 's retirement speech on page 32 of the news section . By contrast , those who came to Shinseki 's retirement ceremony did so as an act of support , and they included not only Army brass who appreciated the stance he had taken on Iraq but a contingent of his West Point classmates , who , like Shinseki , had served in Vietnam during the 1960s . In the eyes of many of his classmates , Shinseki , who lost nearly half his right foot after stepping on a Vietnam land mine , was doing for the troops in Iraq what President Lyndon Johnson and his secretary of defense , Robert McNamara , had failed to do for America 's troops in Vietnam : he was looking out for them regardless of the political consequences . To these classmates Shinseki 's candor about Iraq made him as much a hero as his Vietnam combat record , and today , as we look back on Iraq and try to decide who the best and brightest generals of that war were , Shinseki 's 2003 judgment shines through . Small wonder that , like another admired Army chief of staff , World War II hero Omar Bradley , Shinseki has had a second career as the head of the Veterans Administration .	Nicolaus Mills : An American general took issue with Bush administration views on Iraq Eric Shinseki argued that the U.S. needed a much larger force to bring stability to Iraq Others who objected to his estimate were proved wrong , Mills says Mills : Shinseki , now VA chief , was penalized for showing loyalty to troops
CNN  -- The rumors have been whizzing around the pit lane for months , but Fernando Alonso says he 's staying put at Ferrari -- at least for the time being . The Spaniard has moved to quell mounting speculation about his future with Formula One 's oldest team ahead of its home race , this weekend 's Italian Grand Prix at the historic Monza circuit . "  I have a contract for another two years and as I always say on the subject of rumors and to ensure calm , what I want is to continue for the necessary years , " Alonso told the Ferrari F1 team 's official website on Wednesday . "  Let 's see if that can happen , but for the next two years at least , there is no problem . " Alonso joined Ferrari from Renault in 2010 and currently earns around $ 30 million a year , according to U.S. business magazine Forbes . But while the 33-year-old is n't short of cash , grand prix victories have been lacking in recent times -- he last took the checkered flag 27 races ago at the Spanish Grand Prix in May 2013 . Mercedes and Red Bull have left Ferrari trailing in their wake this season , with double world champion Alonso recording just two podium finishes in 12 races . He is fourth in the drivers ' championship , 99 points behind leader Nico Rosberg of Mercedes , while Ferrari is a distant third behind the German 's dominant team . Alonso 's relegation to also-ran so far this year has fueled speculation about his future , with both Red Bull and his former team McLaren rumored to be interested in signing him -- much to his annoyance . "  It 's not nice , because it creates a bit of stress and it means it is disruptive for me , the fans and for the people in the team , " he said . "  It 's a year now that I 've been saying I want to stay at Ferrari and extend my contract . That 's my wish , I repeat it every two weeks , at the end of every race , yet it 's never said , in fact there is a tendency for the opposite to be said . "  Talk of other teams has never come from my lips , in fact it 's always been the opposite . " Read more : Is Ross Brawn about to rejoin Ferrari ? Read more : Alonso ` hungry for success ' in 2014	Fernando Alonso speaks about Ferrari future ahead of Italian Grand Prix at Monza Spanish driver says there is "  no problem " staying at Ferrari until 2016 Rumors about a switch to F1 rivals Red Bull or McLaren not fueled by him , Alonso says
CNN  -- Hip-hop artist Antwan "  Big Boi " Patton faces several drug charges after Miami police arrested him Sunday , according to booking information posted on the Miami-Dade jail website . Patton was charged with illegal possession of Viagra and Ecstasy pills , MDMA powder and drug paraphernalia with intent to use , the website said . Bonds totalling $ 16,000 were set , the site said . His lawyer , in a statement provided to CNN through his publicist , said Patton was re-entering the United States when the contraband was found . "  While Big Boi was traveling with his group and friends , a small amount of contraband was found in the collective luggage , " attorney Daniel Kane said . "  I am confident when the entire facts are aired Big Boi will be completely exonerated . " Patton , 36 , is half of the Atlanta-based hip-hop duo Outkast . OutKast collaborator Killer Mike told CNN last week that Big Boi has reunited with Andre "  3000 " Benjamin to record again . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Contraband " belongs to Big Boi 's "  group and friends , " his lawyer says NEW : "  Big Boi will be completely exonerated , " the lawyer says Antwan "  Big Boi " Patton is charged with possession of Viagra , Ecstasy , MDMA , paraphernalia , records show Bond is set at $ 16,000 , the jail website says
New York  CNN  -- Weather has delayed the scheduled Monday morning delivery of the final two sections of a 408-foot spire to the top of One World Trade Center , according to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . The two sections were scheduled to be delivered to the roof deck , as long as weather allowed on Monday . Once they are installed , they will make the building the tallest in the Western Hemisphere , according to the site 's management . The two pieces form a stainless steel beacon weighing almost six tons and will be the final piece put in place to give the building an iconic height of 1,776 feet , according to a news release from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . Once the architectural structure is complete , it will be comprised of 18 separate sections of steel and three communication rings . The first -- and heaviest -- steel section was installed in January , weighing more than 67 tons , the news release said . Port Authority Assistant Director of Media Anthony Hayes said the original design included a radome -- short for radar dome -- but that was rejected because of anticipated servicing and maintenance difficulties . The radome would not have impacted the height , but would have provided an additional design element , which ultimately proved impractical , Hayes told CNN . The spire will serve a television broadcast facility housed in One World Trade Center , the press release said . While under construction , One World Trade Center became New York City 's tallest building a year ago , standing 1,271 feet above street-level . The building then was 21 feet higher than the Empire State Building 's observation deck .	One World Trade Center will top out at 1,776 feet Construction crews were scheduled to bring up final two sections Monday Delivery delayed due to inclement weather Once they are installed , they will make building tallest in Western Hemisphere
CNN  -- A move is afoot to make the oil-rich province of Basra a more potent political and economic power in Iraq . Along with provincial elections in Iraq , residents in Basra may also be voting to become an autonomous region . Lawmakers have started a drive that would give the Shiite-dominated province the status of a federal region -- the same legal power as the multi-province autonomous region of Kurdistan in northern Iraq . The move would usher in self-government and could boost oil income in Basra , although the organizers of the drive have indicated they would be more cooperative with the central Iraqi government than Kurdistan is on oil matters . Iraqi affairs scholar Reidar Visser suggests the autonomy initiative -- which he notes is the first of its kind outside the Kurdish areas -- "  shows that the inhabitants in Basra may care more for their local patriotism than for their religious identity as Shiites . " "  Basra holds perhaps 60 percent of Iraq 's oil reserves , whereas most of the other Shiite areas of Iraq have only insignificant amounts of oil , " said Visser , a research fellow at the Norwegian Institute for International Affairs . Wail Abd al-Latif -- a Basra member of parliament and a former Basra provincial governor -- is leading the drive and has hinted that he wants the region to receive its own share of the oil income generated there , Visser said . The effort is also backed by a powerful local movement called the Fadhila Party . Iraq is a collection of ethnicities and religions , and there has been a tug of war between a central government attempting to tie the country together and various groups pursuing their own interests . The Kurds have had their three-province autonomous region in the north for years , and the central government and the Kurds have had their disagreements : The Kurds have used their autonomy to pursue oil contracts that are n't recognized by Iraq 's central government . But al-Latif said his Basra initiative is not seeking "  to interfere with the central government when it comes to the administration of the oil sector and the signing of contracts . " "  The federalists in Basra appear to be more prepared to work with Baghdad than the Kurds have been so far , " Visser said . A monthlong petition drive started Monday for a Basra region referendum -- which would be held if at least 10 percent of the more than 1.4 million registered voters in the province sign up , said the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq , or UNAMI , which is helping Iraq with its electoral process . Residents have until January 14 to go to 34 locations in the province to submit their signatures . A referendum could be held two to three months after Iraqi election officials certify that the required number of signatures was gathered , a UNAMI source told CNN . The voting age in Iraq is 18 , but anybody born in 1991 will be allowed to register and submit signatures after January 1 . Under the country 's constitution , any of Iraq 's 18 provinces may form federal regions , either alone or as a group . Regions have the right to create their own constitutions , have separate executive , legislative , and judicial branches of government , and have security forces under their control . "  In the case of a contradiction between regional and national legislation in respect to a matter outside the exclusive authorities of the federal government , the regional power shall have the right to amend the application of the national legislation within that region , " the constitution says . "  What rights the regions will have with regard to the oil sector remains controversial , " said Visser , also the editor of historiae.org -- where he posts scholarly papers about Iraq , including one on Monday about the Basra region . Another idea for an autonomous region has emerged from the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq , one of the parties in the ruling United Iraq Alliance . It is looking at a nine-province federal region in the south . Basra is the only Iraqi province that borders a body of water -- the Shatt al Arab waterway near the Persian Gulf . The province also borders Kuwait and Iran . Cities in the province include Basra city , Umm Qasr and Zubayr .	Petition drive under way for a Basra region referendum Referendum to be held if 10 percent of 1.4 million registered voters sign up Regions have right to form constitutions , government branches , security forces Basra province produces a lot of oil and is next to body of water
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican authorities arrested Vicente Carrillo Leyva , a leader of the Carrillo Fuentes drug cartel , officials announced Thursday . Vicente Carrillo Leyva is escorted by police at a news conference in Mexico City on Thursday . Carrillo Leyva was arrested as he exercised in a park in a residential area of Mexico City , where he had been living under the alias Alejandro Peralta Alvarez , officials said . The federal attorney general 's office told reporters he was tracked through his wife , who did not change her name . Carrillo Leyva "  is considered one of the heirs to the criminal organization known as the Juarez Cartel , after the death of his father , Amado Carrillo Fuentes , " said Assistant Prosecutor Maricela Morales . His father died in July 1997 while undergoing plastic surgery to alter his appearance in an effort to avoid capture . Amado Carrillo was known as "  El Senor de los Cielos , " the "  Lord of the Skies , " because of the fleet of jetliners he used to transport cocaine from Colombia to Mexico . Carrillo Leyva , 32 , was presented at the news conference , surrounded by black-clad , hooded law-enforcement officials . He wore dark-frame glasses and a white jogging suit with double black stripes on the sleeves . His dark hair was long and shaggy . Last month , federal officials offered a reward of up to $ 2.16 million  30 million pesos  for information leading to his arrest . The same reward has been offered for his uncle , cartel leader Vicente Carrillo Fuentes , also known as "  El Viceroy " and "  El General , " who remains at-large . Rewards of $ 2 million apiece have been offered for 22 other leading cartel suspects . Wednesday 's arrest was the fourth detention of a top drug cartel leader in recent weeks . Last week , officials announced the arrest of Hector Huerta Rios , also known as "  La Burra " or "  El Junior , " a top lieutenant of the Beltran Leyva cartel . He was arrested in the city of San Pedro Garza Garcia in Nuevo Leon state , along Mexico 's border with the United States . The previous week , Mexican authorities announced the arrest of Sigifredo Najera Talamantes , a drug-trafficking suspect accused of attacking a U.S. consulate and killing Mexican soldiers . Talamantes , also known as "  El Canicon , " also is suspected in attacks on a television station in Monterrey in Nuevo Leon , the state-run Notimex agency said . That same week , the Mexican military also arrested the son of a top drug cartel lieutenant . Authorities on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border blame drug cartels for a surge in violence in the region . Despite the violence , Mexican officials say the country is generally safe and that tourist areas such as Cancun and Acapulco are heavily patrolled . Watch Leyva get escorted by law enforcement officials " Officials from Acapulco city hall , the Guerrero state government and the Mexico attorney general went so far as to sign a statement in early March assuring students wanting to go there on spring break that efforts had been taken to ensure their safety . In a speech in mid-March , Mexican President Felipe Calderon said 93 percent of the 6,500 deaths attributed to organized crime in 2008 occurred among the criminals . Most of the rest were law enforcement authorities , officials have said . Few civilians are killed , the president said . In that same speech , Calderon ridiculed those who say Mexico is unsafe . "  It is absolutely false , absurd , that anyone indicate that Mexico does not have control over one single part of its national territory , " he said . "  I challenge anyone who says that to tell me what part of the country they want to go to and I will take that person there . " Analysts point out that most of the violence is occurring along the U.S. border , particularly in Ciudad Juarez , Chihuahua and Tijuana . Drug cartel violence is also found on Mexico 's western coast . "  The situation in Ciudad Juarez is of special concern , " the U.S. State Department said in a February 20 travel alert . "  Mexican authorities report that more than 1,800 people have been killed in the city since January 2008 . Additionally , this city of 1.6 million people experienced more than 17,000 car thefts and 1,650 carjackings in 2008 . " The State Department advisory tells U.S. citizens how best to remain safe . "  While millions of U.S. citizens safely visit Mexico each year  including thousands who cross the land border every day for study , tourism or business  , violence in the country has increased recently . It is imperative that travelers understand the risks of travel to Mexico , how best to avoid dangerous situations , and whom to contact if one becomes a crime victim . Common-sense precautions such as visiting only legitimate business and tourist areas during daylight hours , and avoiding areas where prostitution and drug dealing might occur , can help ensure that travel to Mexico is safe and enjoyable . " CNN 's Mario Gonzalez contributed to this story .	Vicente Carrillo Leyva , 32 , arrested in Mexico City , officials say He was living under fake name ; was found through his wife , who used her own name This is the fourth arrest of major drug cartel suspect in recent weeks Authorities in U.S. and Mexico blame drug cartels for surge in violence near border
CNN  -- As money pours in to help the victims of Super Typhoon Haiyan , some Filipinos claim that politicians are trying to use the tragedy to win votes . Six submissions with photographs showing relief trucks and aid bearing the names of local and national politicians have cropped up on CNN iReport . Together , these reports have been viewed more than 1.5 million times since they were uploaded in the past week . While difficult to verify , the pictures show tarpaulins , bags , canisters , flip-flops and even bags of ramen noodles bearing the logos , names and photos of three politicians and the wife of one politician . Local media have n't covered this issue much , but Filipinos have a word for it : "  epal , " Tagalog for someone butting in where not needed . It could also describe the act of politicians grandstanding for political gain during a disaster . The debate over this has ballooned online among Filipinos and the diaspora . As these images have garnered so much attention , we wanted to clarify what we know about them and what we have left to decipher . The iReport submissions have been shared widely on social media . In a matter of a week , one report had received more than 900,000 page views , and another had more than 500,000 views . The bulk of the traffic -- almost 90 % -- is coming from people posting the links on Facebook , and the magnitude is unprecedented for iReport , according to CNN data . Described as one of the worst storms ever to make landfall , Super Typhoon Haiyan killed more than 5,000 people and caused catastrophic damage to many parts of the Philippines as it plowed across the country on November 8 . Panoramic photo shows Haiyan devastation Rescue and relief operations have proved daunting , with an estimated 4 million left displaced . How to help Typhoon Haiyan survivors Patrick Fuller , a spokesman for the International Federation of the Red Cross , said he had seen some evidence that politicians were getting involved in the delivery of aid . "  I 've seen vans or small pickup trucks distributing small-scale aid with a politician 's face on the side , " he said from the hard-hit city of Tacloban . "  We do n't need or want to see the politicization of aid . We want the aid to go where it is needed most . " However , he added that first responders like the ones he witnessed should n't be dismissed out of hand . "  You 've got to remember , they are bringing in relief that is needed , and that keeps people going until the more sustained effort picks up . "  It does n't obstruct us , but we do need to ensure that relief is well-coordinated with local , regional and national authorities . We do n't want to load up a truck with supplies for 1,000 families and find that someone else has come in this morning . " One of three politicians coming under fire is Philippine Vice President Jejomar Binay . Photos posted on iReport show Binay 's face on a tarp on the back of a truck and the vice president 's logo on blue drawstring bags of relief goods . However , Joey Salgado , a spokesman for Binay , said the photos with blue relief bags and a truck bearing the vice presidential seal were taken in 2011 and 2012 , respectively . "  The photos are currently being recirculated online to make them appear they were intended for the victims of Typhoon Yolanda , " he said Wednesday , using the storm 's name in the Philippines . Salgado said the relief bags distributed by his office for Haiyan 's victims were packed in plain white plastic bags , not blue ones like in the photos . The vice presidential office stopped using the tarpaulins with Binay 's image more than a year ago , he said . However , a collection of photos submitted to iReport does show white plastic bags bearing Binay 's name and logo . "  This is how some of the Philippine government officials will behave when there 's calamity , " a Filipino expat from Dubai named Rogel Tura wrote on CNN iReport . The Cebu , Philippines , native shared a series of photos that have circulated widely online . "  They take advantages of ` helping ' by putting their names on the relief goods . It 's a very strategic way in putting their name on the donations or any forms of assistance to advertise their name for the next election . " However , Salgado explained that these labeled relief bags came from a local partner in Iloilo . "  These bags were donated by a supporter of the vice president from Iloilo and did not come from the Office of the Vice President , " he said . "  Relief goods repacked by OVP staff at the vice president 's office were placed in plain white plastic bags . Relief goods from the VP 's supporter were bundled with those from the OVP and were distributed in Iloilo . "  It was the initiative of our local partners to put the stickers on the bags , " Salgado said of these photos , which were taken during Binay 's visit to Iloilo on November 13 . "  Since the stickers were placed without the authorization of the OVP , they were ordered removed . " Most humanitarian organizations label their aid , according to the World Food Programme . "  This is a time-honored practice in humanitarian aid to help draw recognition to those countries providing assistance , " said Steve Taravella , senior spokesman for the WFP , based in Washington . "  In virtually every emergency , you 'll see bags of rice or boxes of cooking oil marked clearly with the name of the country that provided that donation , " he said . However , Taravella said , in his experience globally , he had not seen aid labeled with the names or photos of politicians . While the motives behind the labeled aid are unclear , the perception that politicians may be misusing the relief effort for political gain has left a bad taste in some people 's mouths . "  Haiyan victims are dying and suffering for hunger . I ca n't just watch and do nothing , " Tura wrote . "  This is my way of helping , telling my fellow Filipinos to wake-up and do n't be lured with money and sweet promises during elections . "	Some Filipinos claim politicians are misusing the relief effort for political gain Photos show relief aid bearing the names of Philippine politicians The reports have been viewed more than 1.5 million times
Cairo  CNN  -- When Azza Hilal Suleiman saw Egyptian military pummel the veiled woman , she stepped in to help and got kicked and clubbed by security forces , a beating that was captured in a video that went viral around the world and also showed live gunfire and the violent removal of a Muslim woman 's clothing . "  A veiled woman was injured and the army stripped her , " she told CNN in an exclusive interview from her hospital bed in Cairo , suffering from painful skull fractures and facial cuts . She could n't stand to see the repeated blows to the woman , who was dragged , kicked , partially stripped and then stomped . "  So I ran and tried to cover her body and pull her out , " Suleiman said . "  We tried to cover her and pull her away but they beat us . I did n't feel anything after this . " Suleiman was seen in a red coat in the same video that showed the veiled woman 's beating . Security forces rushed toward Suleiman and pushed her to the ground as she ran to the veiled woman 's side . "  I was just trying to help her up after they exposed her body , " she said . Suleiman is one of three people in the video interviewed by CNN , with one of them saying he was shot . A CNN crew also witnessed the security force beatings and shootings and saw other women stripped of some of their clothing . The beatings took place last Saturday in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , amid a five-day stretch of assaults by police and defiant protests by demonstrators demanding that Egypt 's ruling military cede power to a civilian government . A Health Ministry spokesman said 16 people died , including 14 by gunshots , according to Dr. Hisham Sheeha . The military has denied the use of live ammunition . Photos of the unidentified veiled woman were plastered on the front pages of global and local newspapers and appeared on Facebook . Twitter hashtags #TahrirWoman and #Bluebra emerged . The images stirred worldwide outrage because of the beating and because she was partially stripped in a Muslim society where women cover themselves for modesty . The woman has not been identified . An activist and student , she chooses not to talk to reporters at present , two people who know her told CNN . She had been dressed in a traditional robe and headscarf , but as police clubbed her and dragged her down the street , those articles of clothing were pulled away , exposing her midriff and blue bra . The video showed one of the police officers aiming a foot at her upper abdomen and stamping squarely on it . The beatings and the use of live ammunition against protesters , particularly women , have outraged Egyptians . More than a thousand people gathered in Tahrir Square for a "  Million Woman " march Tuesday . Women and men holding placards showing pictures of the veiled woman 's beating marched through the surrounding streets to denounce the escalating violence by security forces . The ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces has since expressed "  great regret " over the mistreatment of women protesters , but it has not apologized for the assaults , a fact that enrages demonstrators . But SCAF reiterated "  its respect and appreciation for Egyptian women and their right in protesting and their active positive participation in the political life . " Age 48 , divorced and unemployed , Suleiman is the daughter of a deceased army general . She wanted to speak to CNN despite her agony . In an earlier visit to the hospital , she indicated how much she was suffering , saying , "  My head is going to explode . " Others came to Suleiman 's aid , such as businessman Ehab Hanna , who was also beaten up and shot after he tried to help the woman with the veil . "  Azza covered her naked body . Then we tried to pull her up to take her to the field clinic . But I was shocked with a sting in my leg , thought it was a rock . I tried to walk but fell to the ground , so they started beating me and Azza relentlessly , " he told CNN . Hanna said security forces left him alone when they thought he was dead . But when he moved , he was beaten . He said he and other injured people were on the ground for about 30 minutes because ambulances were n't allowed into the area . "  I only found out I was shot in the leg when I arrived to the hospital . They told me the bullet penetrated my knee and ended up in my calf . I saw the Army officer firing his gun , but I thought it was blanks . I did not imagine they would fire live ammo at their people . " Journalist Hassan Shaheen Mahmoud also is in the video . He told CNN that he is filing a complaint against military leaders because they "  dragged , stripped and beat " women and journalists . He too said he tried to come to the aid of the veiled woman , who suffered serious cuts and bruises . "  I started to run , but she froze and fell to the ground when another protester bumped into her , " Mahmoud said . "  I tried to help her get up , but the soldiers were brutal even when I told them I was a journalist . They even continued to beat her after her body was exposed . " "  I will not remain quiet , " Mahmoud vowed . One military official showed no sense of remorse . "  What was a woman like her doing in a conflict zone ? " asked the military spokesman , Maj. Mohamed Askar . "  She must have participated in the attacks on the military and the Cabinet . " Askar questioned why the woman has not come forward to identify herself . "  Our troops do not just attack people for no reason , " he said . "  If she had nothing to hide then she would have presented herself . Where is she ? " The Egyptian military said it is n't aware of Suleiman 's case but will look into it . "  If she comes from a military family then she reserved the right to be transferred to a military hospital even if her father is deceased , " said Col. Islam Jaffar of the military 's morals department . As Wafa Ahmed , Suleiman 's sister-in-law , listened to her wailing in pain , she thought of Suleiman 's father and other family members , who have served Egypt in the military and government . "  I 'm glad her father did n't see this day , " Ahmed said .	A video showed police beating a woman and others trying to help her The violence occurred in Cairo 's Tahrir Square Saturday during a stretch of unrest Twitter hashtags emerged -- #Tahrirwoman and #Bluebra A relative says of Suleiman 's beating , "  I 'm glad her father did n't see this day "
CLARENCE CENTER , New York  CNN  -- President Obama on Friday praised Beverly Eckert , the widow of a September 11 victim and a prominent post-9 / 11 activist , who was one of the passengers who died in a plane crash outside Buffalo , New York . Sean Rooney and wife Beverly Eckert in an undated photograph . "  Beverly lost her husband on 9/11 , " Obama said , "  and became a tireless advocate for the families whose lives were forever changed on that September day . " A resident of Stamford , Connecticut , Eckert was the widow of Buffalo native Sean Rooney , who died at the World Trade Center . Obama 's words underscored the shock and grief from friends , family and acquaintances over the news that Eckert was aboard the Continental Connection Flight 3407 . The turboprop plane crashed Thursday , killing all 49 aboard and one person on the ground . "  Tragic events such as these remind us of the fragility of life and the value of every single day . And one person who understood that well was Beverly Eckert , who was on that flight and who I met with just a few days ago , " Obama said in brief remarks . Obama met Eckert at a gathering of September 11 victims ' families on Friday . Valerie Lucznikowska , a member of September 11th Families for Peaceful Tomorrows , said she , Eckert and another woman traveled to Washington for the meeting . Lucznikowska said Eckert asked Obama whether the group would have ongoing meetings with his administration . Obama said there would be , even though they would n't necessarily be with him . After the 2001 terrorist attacks , Eckert co-founded Voices of September 11 , an advocate group for survivors and families . Eckert had a reputation as a strong campaigner of September 11 families , involved in protests leading to more land for a ground zero memorial , working on the September 11 Commission 's Family Steering Committee and pushing for a victims ' families compensation fund . She was traveling to Buffalo for a celebration of what would have been her husband 's 58th birthday . Eckert planned to take part in presenting a scholarship award at Canisius High School that was established in honor of her late husband , who was an alumnus , according to the school 's president , John Knight . Obama mentioned the scholarship plans in his remarks Friday . "  In keeping with that passionate commitment , she was on her way to Buffalo to mark what would have been her husband 's birthday and launch a scholarship in his memory . She was an inspiration to me and to so many others , and I pray that her family finds peace and comfort in the hard days ahead , " Obama said . Lucznikowska , whose nephew died in the World Trade Center attacks , said she was "  horribly saddened by this news . " "  I would very much like to honor her . She was truly a wonderful person . She was someone who was trying to make society better . " Eckert backed Peaceful Tomorrows ' effort to close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , and end the military commissions there , Lucznikowska said . The group elaborated on this stance in a signed letter to Obama , and Eckert gave a presidential aide a separate letter listing her own concerns , Lucznikowska said . Knight said Canisius High postponed the scholarship presentation , set to occur at noon Friday , for two students entering the high school next fall . He said Eckert also had been active in a capital campaign fundraising effort . "  She struck me as a wonderful , beautiful person who clearly wanted to do something to remember her husband in a way that would have an everlasting impact on our community , " Knight said . Gordon Felt , president of the Families of Flight 93 Inc. , the plane that crashed near Shanksville , Pennsylvania , on September 11 , also expressed his grief . "  We note with deep sorrow the passing of Beverly Eckert in the Buffalo plane crash . She was a 9/11 family member who brought to light issues of importance to all of us -- and to all Americans . We extend our condolences to her family and to all those who loved her . She will be missed . " Jay Winuk , a September 11 organizational leader who lost his brother in the World Trade Center , said that although he did not know Eckert personally , "  it is clear that she was a terrific advocate for the 9/11 family community . " CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	President Obama says Beverly Eckert was "  tireless advocate " Eckert was the widow of a September 11 terrorist attack victim She was on way to Buffalo to mark what would have been husband 's 58th birthday Eckert had co-founded advocacy group for September 11 survivors , families
London  CNN  -- From Selfridges in London to Fifth Avenue in New York ' , the sight of Chinese shoppers flocking to luxury clothing stores is now a familiar one for many in the West . With its seemingly insatiable appetite for European and American luxury brands , China accounts for more than a quarter of the global luxury market -- and that number is growing , according to market analysts like McKinsey & Co. . But the rising fashion credentials of the country 's consumers is not the only reason people are talking about China on the sidelines of this season 's runway shows in London and Paris . A new , young generation of Chinese fashion designers is causing a stir within stylish circles . Read more : Will Chinese designers get left behind in China 's fashion boom ? As Paris Fashion Week begins Tuesday , marking the culmination of the fashion world 's twice-yearly dash between New York , London , Milan and Paris , these Chinese designers are yet again raising their profile in the traditional style capitals of the world . One of those hoping to show that the flow of sartorial capital not only goes from West to East , but also vice versa , is Haizhen Wang . Originally from Dalian in northeast China , he trained at Central Saint Martins in London , graduating in 2005 . Wang then came to the attention of the fashion world last year after winning the Fashion Fringe Award for young designers and was mentored by Burberry 's chief creative officer , Christopher Bailey . Like many of the emerging Chinese-born , Western-educated generation of designers , the influence of Wang 's home culture on his work is subtle . While his collection was inspired mainly by gothic architecture , Wang says his Chinese roots underlie everything he produces . Read more : ` Made in China ' is finally cool "  Even if you ca n't see any obvious Oriental influences , like dragons for example , across my pieces , the man who made this collection -- me -- is Chinese and that will always be there , even though I was trained in the West . " Also epitomizing this new generation of Chinese designers is 29 year-old Huishan Zhang . He combines his Western training -- he spent a year with Dior in Paris -- with his Chinese heritage . Tipped by international fashion insiders as the one to watch in 2013 , his first collection -- stocked at London boutique Browns -- sold out within a month . Zhang spends several months each year back in China , where he sources all his hand-sewn fabrics from near to where he grew up in Qingdao , on the eastern coast . He says that a big challenge for Chinese designers is convincing people that "  Made in China " can mean high-quality . "  We are really trying to learn and show people what we are capable of , " Zhang explains . He says China and the West can learn a lot from each other when it comes to design . Zhang 's Autumn-Winter 2013 collection incorporates some noticeable Chinese influences . One piece in particular provides more than a nod to China 's recent history . His version of the "  Mao Suit , " a staple symbol of uniformity under the Communist regime , has been updated with pink lace and diamante buttons and is the center-piece of his collection . Traditionally worn by men , Zhang says the piece partly represents giving "  the power back to the woman and not the man " . As designers like Zhang tap into the changing social norms of Chinese society , so he and others are taking note of the evolving fashion tastes in the country . He notes how much things have changed since the Cultural Revolution of the 1960s and 1970s when China was largely cut off from the rest of the world . "  We now have this amazing opportunity to get in touch with the whole world , " Zhang says . He explains that because Chinese people until fairly recently had very limited wardrobes , there is a now a huge hunger there for new fashion . China is now such a key driver of global profit for the fashion industry that Burberry 's stock price sank in early February after China announced it would ban advertising of luxury goods . Tom Ford , the designer and film director whose name is almost synonymous with luxury and style , says he is closely watching how Chinese consumers are maturing . Ford observes that -- as in other emerging markets -- China is moving away from the initial lust for designer logos that tends to characterise the newly rich . "  Tastes become quite refined and equalized with the rest of the luxury consumer all over the world ... I think that 's really starting to happen in China and it 's moving very quickly . " Angelica Cheung , founding editor of Vogue China , agrees that Chinese consumers have been on a huge learning curve over the last decade , and says her magazine has played a significant role in their sartorial education . "  We constantly emphasize the importance in knowing how to appreciate fashion , for example , we educate our readers on the history of couture and the great couturiers , " Cheung explains . "  These are all aspects that , due to historical circumstance in China , our readers had little exposure to previously . " She adds that niche Chinese designers are doing increasingly well not because of patriotism , but because people appreciate their designs and their quality . Haizhen Wang recognizes that his home country has huge market potential for him , but he feels that he still had to come to Europe in order to create his brand and get the training that would make big buyers take him seriously . "  China 's education system has a long way to go before it can produce a designer capable of being a global brand and taking on the international market , " he says . "  I 'm sure one day it will happen though . " Fashion legend Giorgio Armani seems to agree , recently declaring he was sure that sooner or later China would produce a designer who shows in London , Milan and Paris . It might be a while before Beijing Fashion Week is taken as seriously as Paris by the fashion cognoscenti , but industry heavyweights are switching on to the fact that China is now firmly on the front row of global fashion .	Chinese designers raising profiles in the traditional style capitals like London , Paris Haizhen Wang epitomizes subtle Chinese influences in Western-educated design generation China is key driver of global profit for fashion industry Chinese tastes moving away from flashy designer logos to be more refined
CNN  -- Norway 's world 100-meter breaststroke champion and Olympic silver medalist Alexander Dale Oen has died suddenly at the age 26 . In a statement on its official website , the Norwegian swimming federation said Dale Oen was found collapsed in his bathroom after a cardiac arrest late Monday in Arizona where he was participating in a training camp . The team 's doctor Ola Roensen tried to resuscitate him before he was taken to the nearby Flagstaff Medical Center . He was pronounced dead at 9 p.m. local time . "  We 're all in shock , " Norway 's national swimming coach Petter Loevberg said . "  This is an out-of-body experience for the whole team over here . Our thoughts primarily go to his family who have lost Alexander way too early . " Dale Oen won the 100-meter breaststroke at last year 's world championships in Shanghai , three days after Anders Behring Breivik killed 77 people in a bomb and gun attack in Norway . The swimmer poignantly pointed to the Norwegian flag on his cap , and later dedicated his win to the victims . "  Everyone back home now is of course paralyzed with what happened , " he said after the race . "  But it was important for me to symbolize that even though I 'm here in China , I 'm able to feel the same emotions . " Dale Oen also won silver at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing for Norway 's first ever swimming medal and was expected to be one of the country 's main hopes for gold in London later this year . World swimming 's governing body FINA said he was "  certainly preparing a brilliant participation at the upcoming Olympic Games in London . " Norway 's swimming federation did not give a cause of the cardiac arrest . It said Dale Oen had only had a light workout on Monday and had seemed in good health . "  This is the blackest day in the history of Norwegian swimming , " said Per Rune Eknes , president of the federation . Four-time Olympic breaststroke champion Kosuke Kitajima , who Dale Oen would have been looking to beat in London , tweeted that he was "  in shock over the passing of a dear friend and great rival . RIP Alex. " Cameron van der Burgh of South Africa , who took bronze behind Dale Oen in Shanghai last year , wrote on Twitter : "  To my greatest rival . My greatest friend . My brother in breaststroke . May you rest in peace . One love . " In his final tweet written on the day of his death , Dale Oen wrote that he was looking forward to returning to his hometown , Bergen . "  2 days left of our camp up here in Flagstaff , then its back to the most beautiful city in Norway . " Dale Oen 's death comes 18 months after American open-water swimmer Fran Crippen died during a race in the United Arab Emirates , also at the age of 26 . Crippen 's death was caused by heat exhaustion leading to drowning .	Norwegian swimmer Alexander Dale Oen dies suddenly at the age of 26 Dale Oen was on at a training camp in Flagstaff , Arizona when he collapsed Swimmer was the world 100-meter breaststroke champion and Olympic silver medalist
CNN  -- Israel 's ongoing military operation in Gaza -- Protective Edge -- has animated the Shia Islamist leadership in Tehran . The bloody conflict , and the global Muslim outrage it has provoked , is held by the Iranian regime as a chance to redeem itself in the eyes of the Sunni Muslim majority in the world . When Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei this week called on the "  Muslim Nation " to set aside differences and unite against Israel , he was in fact pitching Iranian leadership . Other Muslim leaders speak in such terms . The difference is Iran has the capacity to militarily make a difference by resuming arms supplies to Hamas . As Khamenei and other Iranian leaders intensify the call to arm Hamas , the political reward they seek is hard to miss . On the geopolitical map of the Middle East , the Gaza conflict offers an opportunity for Tehran to perhaps start reversing a trend for Iran to be seen as a Shia power -- thanks to its support for the Assad regime in the Syrian civil war -- and go back to what it prefers most : to carry the pan-Islamist banner and offer itself as the principal guardian of Muslim causes . The beleaguered Hamas -- Iran 's one-time favorite Sunni surrogate -- might not have an alternative but to return to Tehran 's orbit after a four-year freeze in relations . Senior security officers from the Palestinian Authority  PA  in Ramallah in the West Bank are keeping a very close eye on the Iran-Hamas dynamics . Officials in the PA , dominated by Hamas ' secular rivals from the Fatah movement , fear that Iran extending its hand to Hamas will only embolden it and prolong this latest military round with Israel . At the same time , officials from the PA detect a strong tendency among Hamas leaders to be open to Tehran 's conditions for a resumption of Iranian assistance should Tehran decide to forgive Hamas for its 2011 betrayal . That is when Hamas chose to back the Syrian opposition against the Tehran-backed regime of Bashar al-Assad and thus left Iran 's orbit after nearly two-decades of Iranian patronage . According to one PA official , "  Hamas has no other option except to return to its Iranian sponsor . " As he put it , "  Iran 's relations with Hamas were from the outset tactical " and the present circumstances make reconciliation beneficial to both . Hamas can look forward to the resumption of Iranian arms . Tehran can hope to turn the global Muslim attention to its role as a protector of Palestinians , a development that serves its regional agenda given the unpopularity of Iranian support for Assad in Syria among Muslim public opinion . In reality , Tehran never entirely cut Hamas loose after the debacle over Syria . According to a senior PA official , Hamas ' political contacts with Iran were largely frozen but the military relationship has continued throughout . Tehran never shut the door to the radical line of Hamas leaders , including Mahmoud al-Zahar in Gaza , and Imad al-Alami , the former representative of Hamas to Iran . Other Hamas chiefs did not receive this Iranian benevolence . Khaled Meshaal , the one-time Damascus-based political face of Hamas who relocated to Qatar in 2011 , has -- according to Iranian media -- tried unsuccessfully for the last three years to make a visit Tehran . He was kept at bay but there is now speculation that Tehran might be willing to receive Meshaal . If so , it might just be the beginning of the end of the Hamas-Iran fallout over Syria . The groundwork for such a visit might already be in place . Soon after Israel launched its latest campaign against Hamas in Gaza , the influential speaker of Iran 's parliament , Ali Larijani , was on the phone with Meshaal . A few days later , the Iranian foreign minister , Javad Zarif called , each promising Tehran 's support . Hezbollah of Lebanon , the jewel in Iran 's Arab crown , has also opened the door to Hamas . Palestinian reports suggest that the Palestinian Islamic Jihad  PIJ  , a militant movement close to Iran that unlike Hamas stayed loyal to Tehran over its support for Assad in Syria , is now mediating between Hamas and Hezbollah . The head of PIJ , Abdullah Shallah , is said to personally lead the effort , which has included a phone conversation between Hassan Nasrallah and Meshaal . Last week , Nasrallah gave an impassioned speech where he pledged "  Hezbollah and the Lebanese resistance will stand by the Palestinian peoples ' uprising , " but he has thus far resisted Hamas ' call for it to open a northern front against Israel . " With Hezbollah fighters still in action in Syria in support of the Assad regime , and with memories fresh of Hamas ' support for the Syrian opposition , and given Nasrallah 's delicate domestic policy agenda in Beirut , a northern front is very doubtful in this round of fighting . Still , Iran and Hezbollah can deliver weapons and military know-how , something that other Hamas backers -- such as Qatar and Turkey -- are unable or unwilling to do . As Major General Saeb al-Ajez , the former commander of PA National Security Forces  NSF  put it , Hamas needs to return to the Iranian orbit as it desperately needs military replenishment . Palestinian sources believe that Meshaal 's visit to Tehran likely will happen once a ceasefire with Israel has been agreed . He is expected to thank Tehran for its support and use the visit as a public pronouncement that the Hamas-Iran spat is finally over . A visit to Tehran by Meshaal , however , is still entangled in the geopolitical mess that is today 's Middle East . Meshaal 's closest regional allies , Qatar , where he lives , and Turkey , are still at loggerheads with Tehran over competition for influence in Syria and increasingly in Iraq . As a way to bypass this hindrance , Tehran will no longer insist that Hamas publicly support the Assad regime in Syria but only to refrain from publicly criticizing his rule . According to Palestinian sources in the West Bank , Hamas is willing to make this compromise with Tehran .	Gaza has provoked outrage in the Muslim world , write Alex Vatanka and Mohammed Najib Tehran is trying to build on the outrage , to gain influence by backing Hamas , they say This follows Iran 's backing of the al-Assad regime in Syria , while Hamas backs rebels Hamas needs to return to Tehran 's orbit in order to get military supplies , authors say
CNN  -- German art collector Cornelius Gurlitt , whose nearly priceless collection was confiscated because it was suspected to contain pieces looted by the Nazis , died Tuesday and left the masterpieces to a Swiss museum . One day after Gurlitt 's death at the age of 81 , the Museum of Fine Arts Bern announced that Gurlitt had named it "  his unrestricted and unfettered sole heir . " The news came as a surprise , the museum said Wednesday , because Gurlitt had never had any connection to it . The museum 's directors are delighted at the news , they said in a statement , but also recognize that there are outstanding legal and ethical questions surrounding the collection . Gurlitt had undergone major heart surgery and was hospitalized for many weeks , his representative said in a statement . Gurlitt grabbed the attention of the art world when German prosecutors seized more than 1,200 paintings from his Munich apartment in 2012 , including works by Picasso and Matisse . The collection was confiscated as part of an investigation into tax fraud , but then it was thought that some of the paintings may have been works that were looted by the Nazis . Just last month , part of the collection was returned to Gurlitt as part of a deal with Germany 's cultural authorities and the Bavarian Justice Ministry . Under the agreement , works owned by Gurlitt that were not under suspicion were returned to him . Those suspected of being stolen were to be held securely while a task force investigates their provenance -- and will be returned to their original Jewish owners or their descendants if a claim is proven . Gurlitt 's representative said that with the art collector 's death , the investigation into the collection ceases . The court that was handling the investigation proceedings will now function as an estate court in the case . Among the staggering haul found in Gurlitt 's Munich , Bavaria , apartment in early 2012 were paintings by Pablo Picasso , Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec , Oskar Kokoschka , Canaletto , Pierre-August Renoir , Franz Marc and Gustav Courbet . Gurlitt had said he never suspected that the collection he inherited from his father might include stolen artworks . Thousands of pieces of art condemned as "  degenerate " by the Nazis were confiscated from galleries and private collectors in the 1930s and 1940s . Other works were stolen from Jewish families or sold for a fraction of their true value as the owners tried to flee the country . Gurlitt 's father , Hildebrand Gurlitt , who was part Jewish , survived the war as one of only four "  degenerate art " dealers permitted by Adolf Hitler .	Cornelius Gurlitt died Tuesday at the age of 81 He came to the attention of the art world for his nearly priceless collection Authorities were investigating whether some pieces had been looted by the Nazis Gurlitt never had any connection to the Fine Arts Museum Bern , the museum says
CNN  I wo n't take it personally if you yawn while reading this story . Chances are you 're sleep deprived . Sleep deprivation is such a rampant problem that last year the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention called insufficient sleep a public health epidemic . Teenagers may be suffering the most . Researchers at Columbia University 's Mailman School of Public Health called the problem "  The Great Sleep Recession " in a new study published in the journal Pediatrics . They surveyed more than 270,000 teens in eighth , 10th and 12th grades between 1991 and 2012 and found teens are getting less and less sleep . The average amount is seven hours a day , which is two hours less than the nine hours they should be snoozing . African-American and Hispanic boys are the least likely to sleep enough . But why ? Katherine W. Keyes , lead researcher and assistant professor of epidemiology at Mailman , says researchers do n't know . She and her team speculate that increased Internet and social media use is a factor as well as pressure and competition over the college admissions process . Not everyone gets all their sleep at night though . Babies and toddlers , for example , take naps to get it all in . But a new study published in the journal Archives of Disease in Childhood says toddlers sleep better at night without the naps . Australian researchers reviewed 26 previously published studies and found that napping beyond age 2 is linked to poor quality sleep at night . And , as many parents of toddlers will attest to , it can also lead to an array of stalling tactics and protests at bedtime . The authors of the study say there is no scientific evidence to continue having children older than 2 nap and recommend discontinuing it , especially if the child has trouble sleeping at night . We know not getting enough sleep causes all kinds of harm to our minds and bodies no matter your age . Study after study tell us so . Sleep deprivation causes us to eat more , it shrinks our brains , is linked to Type 2 diabetes , leads to slow reaction time that can impair driving and can even cause false memories . And that list could go on and on . So how much sleep do we need ? The National Sleep Foundation , recently issued new recommendations on how much sleep we should all be getting . They are based on a review of research and a consensus from a group of 18 experts in sleep , science , physiology and medicine . There are now nine age categories , some of them new . Anything more or less than the identified range is simply not recommended : • Newborns  0 to 3 months  -- 14 to 17 hours per day • Infants  4 to 11 months  -- 12 to 15 hours per day • Toddlers  1 to 2 years old  -- 11 to 14 hours per day • Preschoolers  3 to 5 years old  -- 11 to 14 hours per day • School age  6 to 13 years old  -- 9 to 11 hours per day • Teens  14 to 17 years old  -- 8 to 10 hours per day • Younger adults  18 to 25 years old  -- 7 to 9 hours per day • Adults  26 to 64 years old  -- 7 to 9 hours per day • Older adults  65 and older  -- 7 to 8 hours per day While there is plenty of research confirming all that goes wrong when you do n't get enough sleep , there are also proven steps people can take to help fall asleep and sleep better once they do fall asleep . A new study published in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine says mindful meditation helps adults fall asleep and stay asleep . Researchers at the University of Southern California , Los Angeles , randomly assigned 49 adults , age 55 and older , who experienced minor sleep disturbances , to one of two groups for one year . One group was taught mindfulness meditation , which they practiced for 20 minutes per day . The other group went through sleep hygiene education intervention , which changes daily behaviors and other factors believed to be causing sleep problems . Those who used mindful meditation ended up sleeping better than those in the other group . Of course , a larger study is needed to confirm this finding . But the idea of relaxation leading to better sleep is not so far-fetched . In fact , the National Sleep Foundation recommends a relaxing bedtime ritual and winding down before bed . Meditation certainly qualifies . It also suggests waking up and going to bed at the same time every day , using bright lights to help wake up , avoiding naps and avoiding heavy meals , alcohol and cigarettes at night . It 's a lot to think about . Hopefully it wo n't keep you up , and you 'll be having sweet dreams , and enough of them , in no time .	Teens may be suffering the most from sleep deprivation , new study says National Sleep Foundation has new recommendations on how much sleep to get Mindful meditation can help those suffering sleep disturbances , researchers say
This week in iReport we 're celebrating a couple anniversaries . It 's been 20 years since the world watched the Berlin Wall fall . And , that children 's television favorite "  Sesame Street " turned the big 4-0 . Meanwhile , Hurricane Ida stormed ashore , slamming the Gulf Coast . We 've got all this and more in this week 's video wrap-up . Berlin Wall anniversary -- Twenty years ago this week , the Berlin Wall came tumbling down in a decisive moment in a revolution that ultimately ended decades of Communist rule and signaled the end of the Cold War . For many iReporters , the fall of the wall holds personal significance . They dug into their photo albums to share memories of this historic event . Bracing for Ida -- iReporters updated on preparations and conditions as Hurricane Ida approached the Gulf Coast . Two iReporters shared several photos of preparations in Pensacola Beach , Florida , including closed roads , sandbags and high tides , saying it "  packed a pretty good punch . " Another in New Orleans compared the rising waters from Ida with those of Gustav last year . Can you tell me how to get to Sesame Street ? -- The classic children 's television show ` Sesame Street ' turned 40 this week . CNN producers collaborated with iReporters to create a fun video alphabet that would make Jim Henson proud . iReporters of all ages also shared their memories of "  Sesame Street " and how the show made an impact on their lives .	iReporters remember the fall of the Berlin Wall , 20 years later The Gulf Coast braces for Hurricane Ida ` Sesame Street ' celebrates 40 years Tell your stories at CNN iReport
CNN  -- NASA says its latest Mars-exploring spacecraft is on track to fire up its thrusters and enter orbit this Sunday night , completing a 10-month journey of 442 million miles . NASA 's MAVEN craft will live up to its formal name -- the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution craft -- by helping scientists figure out how ancient Mars changed so dramatically into the planet we know today . It will be the first mission devoted to studying the upper Martian atmosphere as a key to understanding the history of Mars ' climate , water and habitability . Mars rover reaches key destination ; ` new science ahead ! ' "  The evidence shows that the Mars atmosphere today is a cold , dry environment , one where liquid water really ca n't exist in a stable state , " said Bruce Jakosky , MAVEN principal investigator , during a mission preview briefing Wednesday at NASA headquarters in Washington . "  But it also tells us when we look at older surfaces , that the ancient surfaces had liquid water flowing over it . " So where did the planet 's water and carbon dioxide go ? Jakosky said MAVEN will help unravel that mystery by using its scientific instruments to measure the composition and escape of gases in the Martian atmosphere . MAVEN will study the top of the atmosphere to determine the extent to which losing gas to space might have been the driving mechanism behind climate change , Jakosky said . Before MAVEN can begin its year of exploration , it has to be inserted into orbit around Mars . That is set to happen at about 10 p.m. ET September 21 . The craft 's six thruster engines will fire and burn for 33 minutes to slow the spacecraft down so it can get pulled into orbit around Mars . MAVEN will have company out near Mars , manmade and otherwise . India 's first mission to the Red Planet , the Mars Orbiter Mission , is set to arrive a few days after MAVEN does . The director of NASA 's Planetary Science Division , Jim Green , says the United States and India are interested in cooperating as their crafts gather data about the planet . There 's a visitor of the cosmic kind , too . Comet Sliding Spring , which was discovered last year , will be closest to Mars about four weeks after MAVEN arrives . The comet is going to miss Mars by about 81,000 miles , said Jakosky . "  I 'm told that the odds of having an approach that close to Mars are about one-in-a-million years , " he said , adding that dust from the comet carries only a "  relatively minimal " risk to the spacecraft . MAVEN will take advantage of the rare flyby by observing the comet itself , as well as its effect on the Martian atmosphere . Interactive : Exploring Mars from Viking to MAVEN	Why did ancient Mars change so dramatically ? MAVEN sent to get answers MAVEN stands for Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution craft It 's scheduled to enter orbit around the Red Planet on Sunday night Mars will be having plenty of other visitors : a spacecraft from India and a comet
CNN  -- The first 3D-printed toy plane will soon jet off to the stratosphere . The rocket-powered airplane will reach an altitude of between 25 and 30 kilometers  15 to 18 miles  -- three times higher than the cruising height of commercial airplanes . "  Without doubt , this is the most complicated amateur high-altitude mission ever undertaken , " said Lester Haines , head of the Register 's Special Projects Bureau that is behind the project . The components of the airplane have been designed by postgraduate students at the University of Southampton and produced using a 3D printer . "  We do n't know quite what will happen when the big day arrives , but one thing 's for sure -- it 's going to be quite a show , " Heines , who also holds the Guinness World Record for the highest launch of a paper aeroplane , added . It took the team four years , thousands of volunteer hours , and $ 60,000 from crowdfunding , to complete the "  Lohan . " The nickname is short for "  Low Orbit Helium Assisted Navigator " and , its inventors say , a reference to the Hollywood star Lindsey Lohan . The rocket will launch from the Virgin Galactic spaceport in New Mexico later this year . A helium-filled meteorological balloon will lift the spaceplane to around 20 kilometers above the ground . Once it reaches that altitude , a rocket motor will fire and push the plane up to 25 kilometers . "  Its going to be doing some very smart things ; collecting data from numerous sources , making decisions in real time , to form its trajectory and landing , " said Guy Lipscombe from database software firm EXASOL , which sponsored the project . Once at the right altitude , the plane will switch to autopilot and glide back to earth , guided by a built-in GPS navigation system . At the end of its journey , the spaceplane will crash to the ground -- as it has no landing gear .	A 3D printed model airplane will reach between 25 and 30 kilometers The airplane will launch from the Virgin Galactic spaceport in New Mexico It will be lifted by a helium-filled balloon and then powered by a rocket engine
Kaufman , Texas  CNN  -- The family of a Texas prosecutor and his wife who were gunned down in their home demanded Saturday that more be done to solve the killings , saying federal authorities should take over the investigation . Authorities have been tight-lipped about the investigation since the bodies of Kaufman County District Attorney Mike McLelland and his wife , Cynthia , were discovered March 30 at their home east of Dallas , two months after McLelland 's chief felony prosecutor was killed in a brazen daylight shooting . "  Not enough is being done . They are on edge right now , " said Chris Heisler , a spokesman for the McLelland children . "  If someone is willing to come out and shoot the district attorney and his wife in their home , their mindset is anything is possible . " Authorities have been working to determine whether the killings of 63-year-old McLelland and his chief felony prosecutor , Mark Hasse , are connected . They have been scouring their case files and interviewing colleagues for help with potential leads . Additional security , meanwhile , is being provided to county officials , including prosecutors . But the McLelland family believes it may be distracting from the investigation . ` Ambush ' killings of lawmen in 4 states part of spike in slain police "  If you 're gon na put folks to secure officials , who 's doing the investigation ? Who 's patrolling the streets ? Who 's keeping the rest of Kaufman County safe ? They 're just not available , " Heisler told reporters at news conference . " ... So we need more . Specifically the family wants the federal law enforcement to take the lead on this . That is a specific request from the family . " Heisler said the family , including the five grown children of the McLellands , has "  some anger at this point " that more is not being done . The family 's criticism delivered by Heisler appeared to take Kaufman County Judge Bruce Wood , who has described McLelland as a friend and colleague , by surprise . Hunt on for caller behind bomb threat at service for slain Texas DA McLelland "  never expressed that to me ever , " Wood said . Asked whether Kaufman County authorities were stretched thin by the two investigations as well as providing security , he said : "  There have been multiple agencies working on this from the beginning to find who is responsible . ... I feel everyone has worked together . " On Friday , one of the McLelland 's daughters declined during an interview on CNN 's "  AC360 " to comment on whether McLelland ever speculated on who killed Hasse . "  I ca n't answer that . We do n't know anything , " Christina Foreman , 29 , told Anderson Cooper . But she said in the days after the shooting death of Hasse that her parents were concerned about the safety of friends and co-workers than their own . "  They 'd want to be remembered that they stood up and that they stood for something , " Foreman said . "  And they stood for their families , their friends , their neighbor , the rest of Texas , the rest of the country , and we ca n't let people discourage us from doing that . " Foreman declined to comment on whether McLelland ever speculated on who killed Hasse . Interim Kaufman County DA known as tough court opponent A day before his body was discovered , McLelland voiced concern about the safety of his staff when he stopped by Helz Firearms , a local gun shop . "  He was in there ... asking about what he should get his co-workers as self-protection , " said O'Neil Kidwill , the gun shop owner . "  I recommended the .38 Smith & Wesson snub nose and perhaps a bulletproof vest . He said he already talked to some of the people about the vest , and he would tell them about the revolvers . " The county district attorney did n't give any indication that he felt personally threatened , only worried for his employees . "  He was concerned for them . For himself , he was at ease , " Kidwell said . But sometime after he left the gun shop , something happened . The couple 's bodies were found inside their home in Kaufman County . They had been shot at least a dozen times , a law enforcement official , who had been briefed on the investigation , told CNN this week . The official was not authorized to publicly release details of the investigation . While authorities have not publicly named any suspects or a potential motive in the cases , Kaufman sheriff 's deputies arrested two men this week and accused them of threatening the safety of public officials . Martin Savidge reported from Kaufman , Texas ; Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's George Howell , Eric Fiegel , Carol Cratty and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	"  They are on edge right now , " Chris Heisler , a family spokesman says The family of the McLellands want federal authorities to lead the investigation Heisler says the family has "  some anger at this point " The bodies of Mike McLelland and his wife were found in their home on March 30
RollingStone.com  -- Cee Lo Green , Blake Shelton , Adam Levine and Christina Aguilera -- all four coaches of "  The Voice " -- joined producer Mark Burnett , host Carson Daly and the show 's social media maven Christina Milian for a press conference Sunday night at Burnett 's Malibu home . Looking out at the panoramic view of the Pacific Ocean , Levine quipped , "  So this is what reality TV buys you . " That , or maybe just knowing what makes for good TV . And Burnett and his team have demonstrated a knack for spotting opportunities . Last season there was shock among fans when singer Jesse Campbell , one of the favorites to win the title , was eliminated by coach Christina Aguilera . Even her fellow coaches expressed their disbelief . This season , which starts September 10th , they 'd be able to do something about it , thanks to a new element called "  the Steal , " which allows judges to pick up a contestant who 's been ousted by another coach . Journalists got a sneak peak at a recently taped battle round between two of Green 's competitors , who each delivered a smoking rendition of Mariah Carey 's "  Vision of Love . " As soon as Green carried out the unenviable task of choosing just one , the other coaches hammered on their buttons and made their pitches to bring the loser onto one of their teams , just like they do in the battle rounds . Judges can only pick two additional team members , which will lead to a new cycle of the show called "  Knockout Rounds , " where the teams will pare down before beginning the live episodes . The new opportunity for poaching has added a lot to the show , the coaches told Rolling Stone . "  It 's nice to throw those elements in to kind of spice things up , " Levine said . "  Those things definitely help keep it fresh for us . " It also adds more pressure , Shelton said . "  There 's nothing that 's more nervewracking than knowing , ` Okay , both these singers did really good and I got ta pick one and I know damn good and well one of these other three are gon na steal the person I do n't pick , ' " he said . "  There 's a chance that person may go on and win this and that 's gon na make me look really stupid . That definitely goes on in your mind . As an artist and somebody on television I have enough of an ego that I do n't want to look that stupid . I want to look brilliant . " Ultimately , though , he recognizes it 's great for the show and viewers . "  It 's going to be so exciting for people watching at home , " Shelton said . "  Here 's the truth , as much as we want to sit up here and talk about how different this show is , and it is , what people love the most is those damn buttons . People love to see us hit those buttons and somebody 's life is changed at that moment . This is another way of changing somebody 's life later on in the show , where they think all hope is lost , they 're going home , the next thing you know the button gets pushed and they 're right back in the game again . That 's pretty exciting . " The new components add another element to what Levine , Aguilera and Shelton call "  the best season yet . " Only Green holds out on that , saying , "  A few memorable things have happened thus far , but season three is n't completed yet , so I do n't know if this is the favorite season yet . " For the four coaches , though , the biggest strength of this season is their bond . In the first clip shown at the junket , the four are seen performing the Rolling Stones ' "  Start Me Up , " and they resembled a band , much more than they did in the combined performances of the first two seasons . What helped meld them into a tight , family-like unit is the way all four work with contestants , Aguilera said . "  Over time we see how each of us react as coaches , giving such heartfelt advice and attention to these up-and-coming young fresh talents and it 's so nice to see , " she said . "  It 's refreshing because we came into it not wanting to knock anybody down and I think we all respect that . We might take shots at each other , but never the talent . So there 's just a magic , there 's a bond there that 's unbreakable at this point . " Shelton concurred , recognizing the quartet is now joined together by the success of the series . "  We 're always going to be connected to each other through this show , " he says . He admitted there have been some rough moments , like any family . "  We 've been through a lot of s ** t with each other , no doubt , " he said . "  We 've had fights , ups and downs and weird moments and f**k - offs and all that stuff . But all friends go through that I think and you either go through it and you never speak to each other again or you go through it and your relationship is even stronger . We did n't have to come back together , but we did , and our relationships are stronger . " Levine agreed that the coaches have left the rockiest moments behind them . "  We are getting along better than we ever have and I guess our energies have all congealed and we 're very , very close at this point , " he said . The show will run this year in both the fall and spring seasons , which could result in one or more of the coaches having to take a sabbatical to go on tour . Although Burnett said the coaches have their "  chairs for live , " the assembled journalists were keen to speculate on who the replacement coaches might be . Green shut down the speculation while nicely summing up the bond among the current four . "  For me , there 's nobody comes to mind that can replace my Blake , my Adam and my Christina , " he said . See full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The competition is adding an element called "  the Steal " Coaches will have the option of picking up a contestant another coach has dropped Levine says the coaches have left the rockiest moments behind them
CNN  -- Will it be a "  Bad " night -- or a "  True " one ? The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards will be handed out Monday night , and what was expected to be a coronation honoring the final season of AMC 's "  Breaking Bad " has emerged as something a little more competitive , thanks to HBO 's "  True Detective , " the moody crime series starring Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson . Though "  Bad " still has a decided edge for best drama series -- the handicappers at Goldderby.com , for example , are unanimous in their support of the Bryan Cranston-led show -- the onrush of McConaughey love earlier this year , when the actor was hailed for his performances in "  Mud , " "  The Wolf of Wall Street " and an Oscar-winning turn in "  Dallas Buyers Club , " may turn the tide in favor of "  Detective . " It certainly received a good start . At the Creative Arts Emmys , which were given out August 16 , "  Detective " won four awards , including trophies for its cinematography and casting . "  Breaking Bad " won just one , for its editing . HBO , ` SNL , ' ` Orange ' win Emmys Here are some things to watch for as TV gets ready for its biggest night : 1 . All right , all right , all right , b * tch . "  Breaking Bad " finished its run with acclaim as one of the best shows in TV history . Even the Internet liked the finale -- and the Internet does n't like anything . Certainly that will be enough to earn it best drama , right ? But watch out for "  True Detective . " Even if "  Breaking Bad " wins best drama , "  Detective " might take other major categories . For all the praise he 's received , Bryan Cranston has come up empty for best actor the last two years , losing to Jeff Daniels  "  The Newsroom "  last year and Damian Lewis  "  Homeland "  in 2012 . This time he 's facing both McConaughey and Harrelson , not to mention Daniels , perennial bridesmaid Jon Hamm  "  Mad Men "  and the wily Kevin Spacey  "  House of Cards "  . And what about "  Game of Thrones " ? Sure , the series got stiffed in the lead acting categories , but it 's up in supporting slots -- for Peter Dinklage and Lena Headey -- as well as best drama . Moreover , it led all programs with 19 nominations . Moreover , they "  would do things for their family you could n't imagine . " Emmy nominations 2014 : Complete list 2 . Living is easy , comedy is hard . The comedy categories are incredibly competitive this year . Last year 's winner , "  Modern Family , " is nominated once again , but this time there 's a sense that it 's ripe for a fall . "  Any  of the other nominees  would be better than yet another win for ` Modern Family , ' " wrote New York magazine 's Margaret Lyons and Denise Martin . But what will take its place ? "  Orange Is the New Black , " Netflix 's most popular show , could notch a win . So could "  Veep , " which has the benefit of last year 's lead actress winner , Julia Louis-Dreyfus . And , lurking in the corner , there 's "  Louie , " which finished perhaps its most talked-about season -- one that had audiences wondering if they were , indeed , actually watching a comedy . The performers ' trophies are even more uncertain . Will best comedy actor go to "  Big Bang 's " Jim Parsons again -- he 's won three of the last five -- or Louis C.K. ? Will best comedy actress go to Louis-Dreyfus , "  Parks and Recreation 's " Amy Poehler or "  Orange 's " Taylor Schilling ? Can Allison Janney , who won an Emmy at the Creative Arts event for her guest spot in "  Masters of Sex , " win another for "  Mom " ? It 's enough to make you long for the certainty of "  Parks and Recreation 's " Ron Swanson  Nick Offerman  -- who 's not , incidentally , up for an Emmy . Not that he would sweat over it . 3 . Remembering Robin Williams . The famed comedian and actor , who died August 11 , will be remembered during the "  In Memoriam " section in a tribute presented by Billy Crystal . Regardless of how tasteful , thoughtful or warmhearted the segment is , you can bet that someone will complain about it . 4 . "  Race " for the top . Once upon a time , there was essentially no competition in the reality-competition category : The winner was almost always "  The Amazing Race . " The popular series -- part travelogue , part game , all fun -- won nine out of 10 years from 2003 to 2012 , except for 2010 , when "  Top Chef " took the title . But last year "  The Voice " took home the trophy , and the battle is n't getting any easier . "  The Voice " is up again , so is "  Top Chef , " and the other nominees include "  Dancing With the Stars , " "  So You Think You Can Dance " and "  Project Runway . " 5 . Rating Seth Meyers . This is the first time the "  Late Night " host and former "  SNL " newsman is hosting the Emmys , and no doubt some critics will have their knives out . Meyers admits he 's nervous . "  I think it would be weird if there were no nerves , " he said . "  It 's a big undertaking and you want to make sure you treat it with the proper respect , and I think nerves constantly remind you to do that . " He 's certainly hoping to do a good job , and he emphasizes : He will not sing . "  I ca n't ! I wish I could ! " he said . Do it well , Seth , and maybe you 'll get a shot . The Emmys will air Monday on NBC . The show begins at 8 p.m. ET and airs from Los Angeles ' Nokia Theatre .	"  Breaking Bad , " "  True Detective " facing off for best drama Comedy categories are wide open Tribute to Robin Williams scheduled for "  In Memoriam " Emmys to air Monday night on NBC
CNN  -- On Tuesday , protests rocked the American embassy compound in Cairo , while heavily armed militias overran the U.S. consulate in Benghazi , Libya , killing U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and several others . The incidents initially seemed related , but they are in fact dramatically different developments . In Egypt , a 2,000-strong crowd of protesters gathered in front of the U.S. Embassy to protest a film that depicts Islam in crude and offensive ways . The film is apparently being promoted by an Egyptian-American Coptic Christian now living in the United States and Terry Jones , the Florida pastor of "  International Burn a Koran Day " infamy . News : Six things to know about the attack At the American embassy in Cairo , some protesters scaled the walls and in the courtyard were able to take down an American flag and put up a black Islamic flag associated with militant Islam . Why the Egyptian police , ever-present outside the American Embassy , allowed the protesters to progress that far is an unanswered question , although they -- like the U.S. Marines guarding the embassy - might have reckoned that stronger action to stop the protest could have quickly escalated into violence . The incident was eventually defused peacefully , and the Muslim Brotherhood has called for Egyptians to protest peacefully against the offensive film on Friday . The Egyptian government is struggling to walk a fine line on this situation . On the one hand , the Egyptian public is deeply offended by the video and looks to its government to defend the faith . While President Morsy has made some lukewarm statements about the responsibility of the Egyptian government to protect diplomatic missions , he has issued much stronger words denouncing the film . Indeed , he has demanded the United States take "  all possible legal action " against the producers of the movie , an indication he does not fully understand our First Amendment . This is a widespread problem across the Arab world : People who have lived their lives largely under dictatorship simply can not understand how a film can be made without government sanction . Their protest against the film is a protest against America . Opinion : Extremists do n't speak for Libya On the other hand , Egypt 's government is also well aware that ongoing street protests and any type of violence badly hurt its efforts to revive an economy that depends largely on tourism . The protests also could undermine international support . Egypt needs U.S. support for a $ 4.8 billion International Monetary Fund loan , and the United States is also considering forgiving $ 1 billion in Egyptian debt . As a statement from Egypt 's foreign ministry about the embassy protests correctly noted , "  Such incidents will negatively impact the image of stability in Egypt , which will have consequences on the life of its citizens . " Reports of what happened in Libya are still emerging , but it seems clear that the takeover of the consulate was a well-planned attack by a highly armed group . The protests against the video simply provided an expedient cover or perhaps were even coincidental with an attack planned for the anniversary of 9/11 . The success of the assault underscores the fragility of the security situation in Libya . Not only are there competing militias that have yet to relinquish their weapons , there are also various heavily armed jihadi groups determined to replace the state with an Islamic government . The attack in Benghazi was apparently planned and carried out by members of a "  pro al Qaeda group , " perhaps in retaliation for the death of a Libyan al Qaeda member in June . Although local forces tried to fire back , they were no match for the group 's guns , grenades , and by some accounts , rockets . Libya 's president condemned the violence , saying , "  We refuse that our nation 's lands be used for cowardice and revengeful acts . It is not a victory for God 's Sharia or his prophet for such disgusting acts to take place . " However , it is unclear whether the government can respond effectively to the myriad security challenges it faces . To bolster Libyan capabilities , Washington is apparently sending reconnaissance drones over Libya to help hunt down the jihadi perpetrators . The tragic violence in Libya and the unrest in Egypt raise the stakes on long-simmering tensions and issues . While debates over free speech and the role of religion in society have defined the Egyptian political scene in recent months , religious frictions between Egyptian Coptic Christians and Muslims are now at an important inflection point . The association of an Egyptian Copt with the offensive video is sure to inflame those tensions . In Libya , the violence is yet another indication of competing visions for the future of the country , which , despite a successful national election in July , have not been resolved . Opinion : Libya killings show U.S. at risk in Arab world If history is anything to go by , we can expect difficult weeks ahead as protests against the video spread and likely erupt into violence in other places . In a notorious case beginning in 2005 , cartoons negatively depicting the prophet Mohammed , published in a Danish newspaper , sparked uproar from Indonesia to Afghanistan to Morocco . At least 200 people lost their lives in unrest related to that controversy . How much momentum the current video controversy generates will depend in no small on part on whether Islamic leaders in Egypt and other countries call for restraint or choose to fan the flames . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Isobel Coleman .	Isobel Coleman : Origins of anti-American actions in Egypt , Libya were quite different She says Egypt demonstration prompted by offensive anti-Muslim video The Libya attack , which killed 4 Americans , was well-planned , by an armed group , she says Coleman : Leaders have an opportunity to help prevent further bloodshed
Washington  CNN  -- The chief executive officer of NPR resigned Wednesday after a series of controversies at the public broadcaster formerly known as National Public Radio . A statement posted on the NPR website by board chairman Dave Edwards said the organization 's board of directors accepted Vivian Schiller 's resignation "  with understanding , genuine regret and great respect for her leadership of NPR these past two years . " Schiller 's resignation came a day after Ron Schiller , NPR 's former senior vice president for fundraising , was shown in an undercover video calling the Tea Party "  racist " and "  scary " and questioning whether NPR needs federal funding . Ron Schiller , who is not related to Vivian Schiller , issued an apology Tuesday night and said his already-announced resignation would be effective immediately . In his statement to NPR employees , Edwards said he recognizes "  the magnitude of this news -- and that it comes on top of what has been a traumatic period for NPR and the larger public radio community . The board is committed to supporting NPR through this interim period and has confidence in NPR 's leadership team . " Joyce Slocum , NPR 's senior vice president of legal affairs and general counsel , was appointed as interim CEO under a succession plan the board adopted in 2009 , Edwards ' statement said . The board will establish a committee "  that will develop a timeframe and process for the recruitment and selection of new leadership , " he said . Edwards credited Vivian Schiller with bringing "  vision and energy " to NPR and leading it back from "  the enormous economic challenges of the previous two years . She was passionately committed to NPR 's mission and to stations and NPR working collaboratively as a local-national news network . " NPR spokeswoman Anna Christopher said she could not confirm reports that Vivian Schiller was forced out . Filmmaker James O'Keefe said Tuesday the video featuring Ron Schiller was part of a sting operation . He said the idea stemmed from an incident in October when NPR fired analyst Juan Williams after Williams said he gets worried when he sees people wearing Muslim garb on airplanes . "  My colleague Shaughn Adeleye who posed as one of the members of the Muslim Brotherhood was pretty offended with what happened with Juan Williams and he suggested looking into NPR after that incident back in the fall , " O'Keefe told CNN 's Brian Todd on Tuesday . "  My other colleague , Simon Templar , came up with the idea to have a Muslim angle since Juan Williams was fired due to his comments . So we decided to see if there was a greater truth or hidden truth amongst these reporters and journalists and executives . " Williams has since been hired full-time by FOX News . His firing by NPR prompted criticism by conservative politicians who raised questions about government funding for the public broadcaster . In an interview with CNN scheduled for broadcast Wednesday night on "  John King USA , " radio show host Diane Rehm said the criticism of NPR by conservatives is politically motivated . "  I think that what 's happening here is that not only are they looking at the budget but they 're looking at a way to silence public broadcasting , " said Rehm , whose show is broadcast on NPR outlets across the country . She rejected calls to cut off funding for NPR , saying the public broadcaster was established "  to entitle people across the country to get a wide range of views and that 's what it 's done . Why should n't we keep on doing that ? If public funding goes , the system out there is going to suffer . " Despite the current controversies , Rehm said she expects at least some of NPR 's government funding to survive the current budget wars in Washington and the political onslaught by conservatives . "  I do n't think public broadcasting is going to be zeroed out because I do n't believe people across this country want to see public funding zeroed out , " Rehm said . "  I think they may feel that , like every other institution , it needs to be reduced because of the deficit , but not zeroed out . " O'Keefe gained notoriety for posing as a pimp and secretly taping damaging conversations with employees at the Association of Community Organizations for Reform  ACORN  . He was also involved in a failed plot to embarrass a CNN correspondent on hidden camera . A PBS spokeswoman indicated Wednesday that her network also received an invitation from the men to meet for similar purposes , but broke off communication when an attempt to confirm the existence of their alleged organization proved "  unsatisfactory . " In the NPR video , Ron Schiller and another NPR executive are shown having lunch with potential donors , who were really working undercover for O'Keefe , posing as representatives of a Muslim organization considering making a $ 5 million donation . "  Tea Party people " are n't "  just Islamaphobic , but really xenophobic , " Ron Schiller says on the recording . "  I mean basically they are , they believe in sort of white , middle-America gun-toting . I mean , it 's scary . They 're seriously racist , racist people . " He went on to say , "  The Tea Party is fanatically involved in people 's personal lives and very fundamental Christian . I would n't even call it Christian . It 's this weird evangelical kind of move . " In the video , Ron Schiller says that NPR , which is partially funded by government money , would be "  better off without federal funding . " "  The problem is that if we lost it now , a lot of stations would go dark , " he said . Late Tuesday evening , Ron Schiller issued an apology through NPR . "  While the meeting I participated in turned out to be a ruse , I made statements during the course of the meeting that are counter to NPR 's values and also not reflective of my own beliefs , " Schiller said in a statement . "  I offer my sincere apology to those I offended . I resigned from NPR , previously effective May 6 , to accept another job . In an effort to put this unfortunate matter behind us , NPR and I have agreed that my resignation is effective today . " NPR spokeswoman Dana Davis Rehm on Tuesday condemned Ron Schiller 's remarks , saying they "  are contrary to everything we stand for ... and we completely disavow the views expressed . " "  NPR is fair and open minded about the people we cover , " said Rehm , NPR 's senior vice president for marketing , communications , and external relations . "  Our reporting reflects those values every single day -- in the civility of our programming , the range of opinions we reflect and the diversity of stories we tell . " Rehm also decried Ron Schiller 's statement that NPR would be "  better off without federal funding , " saying it "  does not reflect reality . The elimination of federal funding would significantly damage public broadcasting as a whole . " Ron Schiller previously said he had accepted a position at the Aspen Institute , an organization which , according to its mission statement , aims to "  foster values-based leadership encouraging individuals to reflect on the ideals and ideas that define a good society and to provide a neutral and balanced venue for discussing and acting on critical issues . " The Aspen Institute said in a statement Wednesday that Ron Schiller will not be working there . "  Ron Schiller has informed us that , in light of the controversy surrounding his recent statements , he does not feel that it 's in the best interests of the Aspen Institute for him to come work here , " the organization said . CNN 's Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	NEW : NPR broadcaster believes federal funding will continue Schiller 's resignation was accepted with "  regret , " the board says chairman A former NPR exec apologized Tuesday night for remarks he made In an undercover video , the former exec calls the Tea Party "  racist " and "  scary "
Manila , Philippines  CNN  -- The death toll from twin typhoons that pounded the Philippines has reached 59 , authorities said . Typhoon Nesat -- known locally as Pedring -- has claimed 55 lives , and the death toll from Nalgae -- known locally as Quiel -- rose to four Monday as rescuers found the body of a man who drowned in raging floodwaters in Bulacan province . Several towns in Bulacan and Pampanga provinces , in Central Luzon , were under chest-deep water when continuous rains from Typhoon Nesat last week prompted the release of water from four dams around the area . Among the worst hit was the city of Calumpit , Bulacan , where residents were stranded on rooftops for days . Although floodwaters have begun to subside , hundreds of families remained in evacuation centers as more than 43,000 houses were damaged by Typhoon Nesat alone , the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council said . It estimated damages to infrastructure and agriculture at more than 8 billion Philippine pesos  almost $ 183 million  . Several dikes have also been breached in Pampanga province during Typhoon Nesat . Typhoon Nalgae , which made a landfall on Saturday morning , aggravated the damage from Nesat as it cut a swath of destruction along the upper regions of Luzon island , directly hitting the crop-producing provinces of Isabela and Cagayan as well as the Cordilleras . Landslides from Typhoon Nalgae cut off portions of a major highway , isolating the town of Carranglan in Nueva Ecija . A passenger van headed toward Bontoc , Mountain Province , encountered a landslide along the Halsema Highway , resulting to the death of one person , the disaster agency said . By Monday afternoon , Nalgae had weakened to a tropical storm . But Nalgae still threatened to bring heavy rainfall and strong winds to China 's Hainan island on Tuesday and is expected to dump heavy rain on coastal Guangxi province in the next two days , the state-run Xinhua news agency said . CNN 's Ivan Cabrera contributed to this report .	NEW : Nalgae , now a tropical storm , threatens southern China 55 are dead from Typhoon Nesat , and 4 are killed by Typhoon Nalgae A disaster agency estimates damages at 8 billion Philippine pesos  almost $ 183 million Some residents in Bulacan province were stranded on rooftops for days
Beijing  CNN  In a historic climate change deal , U.S. President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping announced both countries will curb their greenhouse gas emissions over the next two decades . Under the agreement , the United States would cut its 2005 level of carbon emissions by 26 % to 28 % before 2025 . China would peak its carbon emissions by 2030 and will also aim to get 20 % of its energy from zero-carbon emission sources by the same year . "  As the world 's two largest economies , energy consumers and emitters of greenhouse gases , we have a special responsibility to lead the global effort against climate change , " Obama said Wednesday in a joint news conference with Xi . The announcement marks the first time China has agreed to peak its carbon emissions , according to the White House . Xi is calling for "  an energy revolution " that would include broad economic reforms addressing air pollution . Obama , who was in Beijing for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit , said he hopes the deal will spur other nations to tackle climate change . "  We hope to encourage all major economies to be ambitious -- all countries , developing and developed -- to work across some of the old divides , so we can conclude a strong global climate agreement next year , " Obama said . Xi said both sides were committed to working toward the goals before the U.N. Climate Conference in Paris next year . Colorful summit ends with rare news conference The Center for Climate and Energy Solutions said the joint announcement is "  an extremely hopeful sign " and will help get other countries on board . "  For too long it 's been too easy for both the United States and China to hide behind one another , " said the center 's president , Bob Perciasepe . "  People on both sides pointed to weak action abroad to delay action at home . This announcement hopefully puts those excuses behind us . We 'll only avert the worst risks of climate change by acting together . " The announcement could put climate change back on the G20 agenda , said researcher David Holmes of Monash University in Australia . "  The announcement may mean climate will have to be higher on the G20 agenda despite host nation Australia trying to keep it off altogether , " Holmes said . "  As an economic meeting , it can not afford to ignore the restructuring of energy markets and productive capacity that will be needed to accommodate these very ambitious cuts . " The goals laid out by Obama and Xi were not as ambitious as some hoped , said Lo Sze Ping , CEO of the World Wildlife Fund Beijing . But "  what 's important is that both these two large emitters are taking the responsibility to act and work together to resolve the problem , not the numbers or targets themselves , " he said . U.S.-China relations : Can teens succeed where presidents have failed ? The White House said the ultimate target is to "  achieve deep economy-wide reductions on the order of 80 % by 2050 . " A senior Obama administration official said the goals are "  ambitious and achievable " -- but U.S. domestic politics could be a challenge . The official said "  leading climate deniers " in the Republican party might try to stop the initiative . The official hinted that Obama could act alone if necessary . "  Congress may try to stop us , but we believe that with control of Congress changing hands we can proceed with the authority we already have , " the official said . "  This is really the crusade of a narrow group of people who are politically motivated and have made this a cause celebre , but we believe we will be successful . " The Obama administration hopes to sell the plan back home by touting the anticipated savings on energy costs . The plan offers initiatives and incentives to develop more solar and wind power in both countries , the official said . "  Consumers and businesses will save literally billions of dollars , " a senior administration official said . But the Senate 's top Republican said the climate change deal will hurt the U.S. economy . "  Our economy ca n't take the President 's ideological war on coal that will increase the squeeze on middle-class families and struggling miners , " Sen. Mitch McConnell said in a statement . "  This unrealistic plan , that the President would dump on his successor , would ensure higher utility rates and far fewer jobs . " 24 hours with President Obama in China China has agreed to provide another 800-1 ,000 gigawatts of nuclear , wind , solar and other zero emission generation capacity by 2030 . That amount of zero-emission output exceeds all the coal-fired power plants that exist in China today and is close to total current electricity generation capacity in the United States . A senior Obama administration official said that historically , the United States and China have often been seen as antagonists , so the climate change deal "  should send a powerful message , " and "  will usher in a new day , where the U.S. and China can work as partners . " During Obama 's visit to Beijing , the Chinese government closed factories and gave employees time off to reduce car traffic and emissions in Beijing . The reduction of smog and the appearance of blue skies was noted by media throughout the APEC summit . Top Senate Republicans slam climate deal As well as the historic climate change deal , Obama and Xi also agreed on the importance of denuclearizing the Korean peninsula , cybersecurity , strengthening military relations and increasing trade . "  China is firmly committed to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula , " Xi said . Both sides also agreed to an extension of the validity of short - term business and tourist visas from one to 10 years , and of student visas from one year to five years . "  This arrangement will facilitate the travel of millions of U.S. and Chinese citizens , furthering the trade , cultural , and people-to-people ties that form the foundation of our bilateral relationship , " the White House said . CNN 's Matt Hoye reported from Beijing ; Holly Yan reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Hilary Whiteman , Dana Bash and Katie Hunt contributed to this report .	Under the deal , the U.S. will cut carbon emissions by more than 25 % by 2025 China is aiming to get 20 % of its energy from renewable resources by 2030 Obama : U.S. and China have responsibility to lead effort against climate change Sen. Mitch McConnell says the plan will hurt the U.S. economy
Washington  CNN  -- Alaska 's Senate race is an increasingly prime pickup opportunity for Republicans , with Democratic Sen. Mark Begich trailing challenger Dan Sullivan by 6 percentage points , a new CNN/ORC International Poll shows . Sullivan earned 50 % support compared to 44 % for Begich , according to the survey of 704 likely voters that was conducted October 1-6 . The margin of error is plus or minus 3.5 points . The race is key for Republicans who hope to gain control of the Senate by capturing at least six seats currently held by Democrats . It looks increasingly important as Democrats pump resources into states like Kansas and South Dakota that weeks ago looked like GOP locks . Hampering Begich are underwater favorability ratings , with 45 % of those surveyed offering a positive opinion of the first-term senator and 52 % saying they view him unfavorably . Sullivan , meanwhile , is viewed favorably by 53 % of Alaska 's likely voters , while 41 % say they have unfavorable opinions of the former state attorney general and current commissioner of the Department of Natural Resources . Sullivan leads Begich 50 % to 45 % in Anchorage , the city Begich previously led for two terms as mayor . Complete midterm election coverage Perhaps more daunting for Begich : Unlike most Democrats , he fares no better among women  44 %  than he does men  45 %  . "  Begich is losing on his home turf , and he is not winning among women , a weakness that few Democrats can overcome on Election Day , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . Republicans could gain a Senate seat , but they look just as likely to lose the governor 's office . Independent Bill Walker looks positioned to knock off incumbent Republican Gov. Sean Parnell , leading 51 % to 45 % among likely voters -- with no Democratic candidate in the race to split the anti-Parnell votes . The party 's nominee , Byron Mallott , dropped out to become Walker 's running mate . Senate math seems impossible to some Democrats	Democratic Sen. Mark Begich is trailing GOP challenger Dan Sullivan , 50 % -44 % . The Alaska Senate race is key to Republicans ' hopes of winning control of the chamber . GOP Gov. Sean Parnell trails his challenger by 6 % .
CNN  -- Sports are not pretty . And firing Rutgers basketball coach Mike Rice will not take the brutality out of college sports . It does not change a thing . Even in these politically correct times , the essence of sport will always lie in the Neanderthal within us all . Watching the video of Rice batter and berate his players , I recalled the dozens of other times I 'd witnessed similar scenes , at my son 's Amateur Athletic Union games , at playground pick-up games . And I thought immediately of watching coaches like Bobby Knight and P.J. Carlesimo . The video highlights are not easy to watch , but they do not tell the whole story . "  Yes he went overboard . But you ca n't get a good feeling for what went down by seeing highlights on ESPN . No one was scared of Coach Rice . We did n't fear him . We just understood him , " Mike Coburn , who played for Rice from 2010-11 , told New Jersey 's Star Ledger . Opinion : Rutgers coach and sports ' bully culture Indeed , the world today is in a better , more enlightened place , where it 's not nice to call people obscene or homophobic names . Where slapping people upside the head , beaning them with a basketball or giving them a swift kick in the rear is not considered the best motivational tactic . But the sports nation has not quite caught up with the rest of this kinder , gentler world . Frankly , I do n't think it should -- not completely anyway . That may be hard to understand for some people . But no one who has been up close to sports can honestly be shocked by Rice 's coaching techniques . He is not an anomaly -- especially in the win-at-all-costs , big-money world of college sports . He just got caught on video , and we must react . We can debate whether bully-coaching is an effective motivational tool . But there 's no debate that it is practiced throughout sports , from Little League on up . For most fans , sports are a feel-good experience that teaches life lessons : how to lead , how to lose , how to push yourself to your highest potential . I watched in amazement as my son evolved from a shy , awkward , oversized boy to a strong , confident leader . The change began when he fell in love with basketball at a young age . Did he have tyrannical coaches ? Yes , one . His AAU coach was a terror . Yelling the entire practice , he often degraded his 10-year-old boys . He told them they were nothings , just little black boys who would probably end up dead or in prison before 21 . He screamed , eyes bulging , that without basketball they 'd be nothing . He shoved them , when he thought no one was looking . And who knows what he said to his team when parents were n't within listening distance . So , his father and I always stayed close by , just in case things got out of hand . My son thought his coach was weird and angry . Many of the kids on the team were private-school , college-bound black boys . Did n't matter . Coach was still stereotyping them . For Coach , it was a rough , racist world and the boys might as well toughen up early . His team got blown out every game , but my son never wanted to quit . I remember asking a few of the pro athletes I worked with if I should take my son off the team . They said "  absolutely not . " It would be a good lesson for my son . "  You play the game for love of the game , you will not love all of your coaches , " one Hall-of-Famer told me . Turns out , they had all experienced a Bobby Knight type of coach . A Mike Rice . And the athletes argued that it was important for a young man to learn not to let a bully coach like that break you . They said it was their worst coaches who prepared them for the bullies they met later in life , on the court and in their corporate offices . Rice never pretended to be a gentle leader . It was his brutal passion for the game , in part , that led Rutgers University 's Athletic Director Tim Pernetti to hire Rice to coach the Scarlet Knights . "  I knew exactly what I was getting and I still know what I 've got , " Pernetti said when he hired Rice . "  Mike coaches with an edge . That personality is ideal for our program here in New Jersey . " D-1 basketball is big time . Rice and his team were under pressure to produce wins and prove they belonged in the big leagues . That 's why Rice was n't fired when the video was first shown to the athletic director . He was suspended for three games and fined $ 50,000 . But the story did n't end there . It took the threat of a wrongful termination lawsuit by Eric Murdock , an ex-NBA player and a former director of player development for the Scarlet Knights , who complained to Pernetti about Rice 's outrageous behavior . Murdock got fired for his concerns , according to his attorney , Raj Gadhok . Then the video was released to the media . The school decided the story was just too hot to explain -- best to dump the coach and avoid a public relations mess . It was a knee-jerk solution , a marketing move . But do n't think for one minute that Rice wo n't find a way to rehabilitate his reputation . He 'll go to anger management classes . His peers will say he 's a changed man . He 'll show remorse to the media . Then he 'll be back coaching in the college game in no time at all . Brutes will always have a seat at the sports table . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roxanne Jones .	Roxanne Jones : Firing Rice wo n't make a difference : Sports appeals to our Neanderthal side Jones : Every athlete has had a "  Coach Rice , " who bullies and berates team members Jones : Athletes say it 's good to get tough ; you play for the love of the game , not the coach Jones : Rice did n't pretend to be gentle . His brutal passion was one reason he was hired
CNN Student News  -- May 23 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Baghdad , Iraq • Israel • Iceland Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Your school probably has fire drills , tornado drills . But how should you prepare for zombies ?! Believe it or not , the government has an answer . I 'm Carl Azuz . This is CNN Student News ! First Up : Violence in Baghdad AZUZ : First up today , deadly violence in Baghdad , as a string of bombings hits the Iraqi capital . Fifteen explosions went off within hours of each other on Sunday . Iraqi authorities said the mix of car bombs and roadside bombs killed at least 18 people and wounded at least 80 others . There 's been an increase recently of violence in Iraq . That includes yesterday 's attacks . It 's raising some concerns about whether or not Iraqi security forces will be able to protect their own country . Britain pulled the last of its combat troops out of Iraq yesterday , and U.S. troops are scheduled to leave Iraq by the start of next year , though Iraqi leaders might ask them to stay longer . Just the Facts STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Just the Facts ! There is a history of conflict between Israel and the Palestinian people . The areas at the center of that conflict are Gaza and the West Bank . Israel took control of these areas in 1967 during the six-day Arab-Israeli War . Right now , around 4 million Palestinians live in Gaza and the West Bank . Leadership Differences AZUZ : For decades , there have been attempts to make peace between the Israelis and Palestinians . President Obama tried to push for a new start to peace talks in a speech he gave last week . During that speech , he mentioned going back to the pre-1967 war borders , but with exchanges in land that both sides would agree on . The idea did not go over well with Israel 's prime minister . Yesterday , President Obama explained what he meant when he gave a speech to AIPAC , the American Israel Public Affairs Committee . He told the conference that the pre-1967 borders should be a starting point for negotiations , and that he expects Israel and the Palestinians to work together to define new borders . Part of the reason the U.S. is so involved in what 's going on in Israel is that the two countries are very close allies . The U.S. has supported Israel since it was founded in 1948 . But as Brianna Keilar explains , that friendship was pretty tense late last week . BEGIN VIDEO BRIANNA KEILAR , CNN WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT : Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu was about to leave for the U.S. when President Obama made the announcement that infuriated him . BARACK OBAMA , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES : We believe the borders of Israel and Palestine should be based on the 1967 lines wiith mutually agreed swaps . KEILAR : At the White House Friday , Netanyahu panned the proposal . BENJAMIN NETANYAHU , ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER : These lines are indefensible because they do n't take into account certain changes that have taken place on the ground , demographic changes that have taken place over the last 44 years . KEILER : After the initial war of words , the White House hoped the meeting would be a time to kiss and make up . OBAMA : Obviously , there are some differences between us , the precise formulations and language . And that 's going to happen between friends . NETANYAHU : We have an enduring bond of friendship between our two countries . KEILER : But for all of the niceties , Netanyahu drew a line in the sand , and not only on a return to pre-1967 borders . He said Israel will not negotiate with a Palestinian government supported by Hamas or house Palestinian refugees . NETANYAHU : That 's not going to happen . Everybody knows it 's not going to happen , and I think it 's time to tell the Palestinians forthrightly that it 's not going to happen . KEILER : Despite tough words , the U.S. and Israel will remain allies , even past this rough spot . But the tension between the two leaders was palpable . After the President 's meeting with Netanyahu , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney was peppered with questions about the disagreement on the borders issue . He said the president made clear the pre-1967 border proposal is a starting point , that the mutual swaps that would create the eventual borders would be negotiated . The thing is , what the White House considers a starting point , Israel still considers a non-starter , even after the meeting . Brianna Keiler , CNN , Washington . END VIDEO Trip to Europe AZUZ : President Obama is working on some other alliances this week . He 's heading to Europe to visit four countries there . Today , he lands in Dublin , Ireland to meet with that nation 's leaders . Tomorrow , the president travels to London , where he 'll talk with British Prime Minister David Cameron and address the British Parliament . Then it 's off to France for the G-8 . That 's a meeting of world economic powers . And the last stop : Warsaw , Poland . President Obama will meet with the Polish president and visit some of Poland 's historic sites . Today , the president plans to take a side trip to visit some of his personal history : an Irish village where President Obama 's great-great-great-grandfather lived . Iceland Volcano AZUZ : From Ireland , we 're hopping across the Northern Atlantic Ocean to Iceland . Something happening there might not affect President Obama 's travel plans , but it was certainly having an impact on Iceland yesterday . A volcano erupted over the weekend ; it sent a cloud of ash up into the sky . No flights were allowed in or out of the country 's four international airports . This is one of the most active volcanoes in Iceland . Local media said it last erupted in 2004 . Last year , another Icelandic volcano eruption -- you might remember this -- caused air travel problems across all of Europe . One official said she does n't think this new eruption will have that kind of impact , although she said it 's hard to predict how the ash cloud might move . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Rash 's 6th grade classes at Grant County Middle School in Dry Ridge , Kentucky ! Who performed the first American spacewalk ? You know what to do ! Was it : A  Ed White , B  Buzz Aldrin , C  Michael Collins or D  Alan Shepard ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Ed White floated out of his Gemini capsule and into history in 1965 . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Endeavour Spacewalk AZUZ : Ed White 's spacewalk in 1965 lasted 23 minutes . He said it was n't nearly long enough . He might have preferred yesterday 's spacewalk at the international space station . That one lasted more than eight hours ! It was the sixth-longest spacewalk ever and the second one on this mission for the crew of the space shuttle Endeavour . This was the mission 's first spacewalk . Happened back on Friday ; lasted a little over six hours . You really get a good view of the astronauts moving around out there . What they 've been doing is some routine maintenance . That includes working on a two-armed robot that will eventually take care of some of the work that astronauts are doing now . There are two more spacewalks planned for Endeavour 's mission . Zombie Survival Kit AZUZ : From walking in space to the walking dead . You do n't hear much about this on CNN Student News . We 're talking about a zombie apocalypse , and it brought down the Centers for Disease Control 's website last week . That is because -- as a joke -- the CDC posted a zombie survival plan . And it was heavy traffic that crashed the internet site . The living dead might be taking over pop culture , but the government agency does n't think there 's any real threat from zombies . So we can all breathe easier . The reason it posted the survival plan was to raise awareness about preparing for disasters . The CDC says preparing for zombies would pretty much be the same as preparing for hurricanes or widespread disease . That includes stocking up on food , water , medicine ; and having a battery-powered radio , plus some changes of clothes . Blog Report AZUZ : Well , what 's more fun than exams ? Anything ! But here are some tips that students have for getting through them . Gretchen tries to write everything down on paper and put a little drawing next to it , making it colorful . The color helps her absorb information better . Erik suggests this : record yourself reading the material , then listen to it every day in the morning and evening . It 's like your own personal teacher . N'kayla 's method : "  I use flash cards because they help me memorize things better . " Chia-sheng says , "  I review what I 've learned right after class to have impressions of what 's covered and what 's important . Before tests , I just skim through the materials . " Keagan likes things quiet . "  It seems I can fit more into my head when I 'm not distracted . " Reading the textbook and making a song throughout the chapter works for Calista . Jake goes to a certain room in his house and picks out something in that room to remember the information when he 's taking the test . And Chelsea connects different types of music to different subjects and then breaks it into songs that fit the genre . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , a new museum invites visitors to dive in , 'cause that 's the only way they can get there . It claims to be the world 's largest underwater museum . It 's located off the coast of Cancun , Mexico . The sculptures are made out of a special kind of cement that encourages coral reefs and marine life to grow . So if you visit several times , it 'll actually look different each time . Of course , if you do n't know to expect the changes , it might throw you for a loop . Goodbye AZUZ : We guess it 's a subject that deserves some in-depth exploration . You only have so long to make puns about underwater museums before the statue of limitations runs out . All right ! Before we run out of time , we want to give a special shoutout to all you graduating seniors out there . Just two weeks left before we wrap up our school year . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Find out what happened in Iraq on the day when Britain 's combat troops left Understand what caused tension in the close ties between the U.S. and Israel Liven up your knowledge about what it would take to prepare for zombies Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
VIENNA , Virginia  CNN  -- The acting chief financial officer of mortgage finance giant Freddie Mac was found dead Wednesday morning at his home , police said . David Kellermann , acting CFO of Freddie Mac , was found dead on Wednesday , police said . David Kellermann was found dead of an apparent hanging , a source familiar with the investigation told CNN . There were no signs of foul play when officers arrived at the home in Vienna shortly before 5 a.m. , said Lucy Caldwell , a spokeswoman for police in Fairfax County , Virginia . She said the death "  may have been an apparent suicide . " A second Fairfax County police spokesman , Eddie Azcarate , said Kellermann 's body was found in the basement . "  The exact cause of death ... we 're going to wait for the medical examiner , " he said . Police were called by someone inside the home , he said , but he did n't know who made the report . Watch why police do n't suspect foul play " Family members remained in the home , and several visitors went inside . Freddie Mac has been immersed in financial problems since last year , when the government took it over in the midst of the escalating subprime-mortgage loan crisis . Federal prosecutors in New York and Virginia have been investigating it , as has the Securities and Exchange Commission , according to a March 11 company filing . Sharon McHale , Freddie Mac 's vice president for public relations , issued a statement at midday , saying , "  Freddie Mac knows of no connection between David Kellermann 's death and the regulatory inquiries that were discussed in our recent SEC filing . " Neighbors indicated there was no sign that Kellermann had problems . "  They were very friendly with all the young families in the neighborhood ... terrific people , " said neighbor Paul Unger . "  We saw him when he was out working in the yard . ... We did n't spend a lot of time together . " "  We 're beyond shocked , " he said . "  He was a great family guy with a beautiful young child . " They had the most decorated home at Christmas , Unger added . "  I can not imagine what has happened . ... This is a nightmare . " "  I asked the policeman what was going on and he told me . I was stunned , silent , shed tears . I feel terrible , " Unger said . "  This is a solid , salt-of-earth kind of family ... and I just can not imagine what would have driven him to it . " Another neighbor said the family was very "  community-oriented , " and liked hosting parties at their house . "  We 're very , very upset right now , " said the woman , whose daughter baby-sat for the Kellermanns ' 5-year-old daughter . "  This is just too much for us . " "  They were a very happy , happy couple . So it was a shock when we came upon it . " Kellermann , 41 , was a man "  of great talents , " Freddie Mac 's interim CEO , John Koskinen , said in a written statement . "  He dedicated those talents to Freddie Mac for more than 16 years , serving in many business and finance capacities before recently taking the reins as acting chief financial officer . "  His extraordinary work ethic and integrity inspired all who worked with him . But he will be most remembered for his affability , his personal warmth , his sense of humor and his quick wit . " Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner offered his condolences in a written statement : "  On behalf of the Treasury family , we are deeply saddened by the news this morning of David Kellermann 's death . Our deepest sympathies are with his family and his colleagues at Freddie Mac during this difficult time . " Freddie Mac was established by Congress in 1970 to provide liquidity , stability and affordability to the nation 's residential mortgage markets . It supports communities across the nation by providing mortgage capital to lenders . Kellermann , who served as a senior vice president in addition to acting CFO , was named to those posts in September . He was responsible for the company 's financial controls . This included overseeing financial reporting , compliance with tax requirements and regulations , and annual budgeting and financial planning . Before assuming his current posts , Kellermann was corporate controller and principal accounting officer . According to the March 11 company filing , Freddie Mac was subpoenaed for documents relating to accounting , disclosure and corporate governance matters in September , October , January and February . The filing also says that SEC staff was interviewing company employees . The government took over Freddie Mac last year . In September , it and Fannie Mae were placed under conservatorship by their regulator , the Federal Housing Finance Agency . Both companies back mortgages held by private homeowners , and have received massive cash infusions from the government to keep them afloat . Kellermann held a master 's degree in finance from George Washington University and a bachelor 's in political science and accounting from the University of Michigan . He had served as a volunteer board member of the District of Columbia Coalition for the Homeless . "  We at -LSB- the Federal Housing Finance Agency -RSB- are very saddened by the death of David Kellermann , " the agency said in a written statement . "  As the acting chief financial officer of Freddie Mac during particularly challenging times , David was an inspiration to his staff and many others who were privileged to work with him . " A spokesman for the SEC declined to comment . As part of its rescue of Freddie and Fannie last year , the government made $ 100 billion available to each to cover future losses -- amounts that President Obama has since doubled . In March , Freddie reported that it had asked the government for $ 30.8 billion after losing $ 50 billion in 2008 . Nearly the entire loss came in the second half of the year , following the government takeover , and the company 's losses deepened as the housing market continued its decline . CNN 's Kate Bolduan contributed to this report .	NEW : Freddie Mac says no known link between CFO 's death , regulatory probe Neighbors describe Kellermann and wife as friendly , happy , "  terrific people " Freddie Mac CFO died by hanging , according to source familiar with the case No signs of foul play at home where David Kellermann found dead , police say
CNN  -- Remember the pre-Web personal diary ? It had a lock on it , and after writing your thoughts about the day , it stayed tucked in a drawer . You talked about dreams and disappointments and school and love , and sometimes you culled it for phrases in the love letter you agonized over for a week before leaving it in the mailbox or locker of your interest . The last thing you wanted was for someone else to read it , at least not until the beloved saw it and said , "  Yes . " Back in the old days , love was n't social , it was private . Communication , not to mention courtship , seemed to take a long time . Hours of contact with the loved one alternated with days alone with your longing . Except for a close friend or two , you kept it secret until you were established as an "  item , " and even then you maintained the border between private exchange and social identity as a couple . The medium of love -- the letter , the quiet walks , the rose , the kiss -- remained between you and your interest , and you did n't reproduce it for others . When you were apart , solitude hurt , but it made the time together all the more precious . Today , with the spread of social media , the pain of separation is over , and so is the exclusivity of love . As Facebook gets ready to go public and huge dollar amounts are discussed -- a $ 100 billion valuation , $ 5 billion in hoped-for sales , $ 100 per share , $ 1 billion in profits in 2011 -- CEO Mark Zuckerberg and others have a very specific vision of the future . Facebook , MySpace , Twitter , Zynga , Foursquare and all the other social media services coming and going are about changing , fundamentally and forever , the very nature of human experience . They want to socialize everything . Here is how Mark Pincus , founder of Zynga , the social network game developer , put it last year : "  In five years , everybody will always be connected to each other , instead of the web . " Zuckerberg repeated the point : "  If you look five years out ... every industry is going to be rethought in a social way . And not just industries , but individuals , too ... And no matter where you go ... we want to make it so that all those experiences can be social . " And when Time Magazine named Zuckerberg its Person of the Year , it summarized the goal of his company this way : "  Facebook wants to populate the wilderness , tame the howling mob and turn the lonely , antisocial world of random chance into a friendly world , a serendipitous world . You 'll be working and living inside a network of people , and you 'll never have to be alone again . " The vision does n't just provide social contact as an option in your daily affairs . It 's a requirementâ $ " "  everybody , " "  always , " "  every industry , " "  all those experiences , " "  never have to be alone . " The numbers back them up . In 2010 Facebook leapt from 337 million to 585 million users , with 7.9 new ones registered every second . Foursquare , the geolocation networking service , grew 3400 % in 2010 and reached 10 million users by June 2011 . Twitter logged 25 billion tweets in 2010 and teens with mobile devices ran up 3,339 text messages per month that year . More and more , it seems , every experience can be social , and pretty soon it will be social unless you become a hermit . Here 's the thing . It 's not just that social media does n't cure loneliness , which surprised social psychologists , it 's that love itself does n't survive socialization . Genuine love is anti-social . If you write a love letter and leave it for her , but post it on Facebook , too , your feelings disperse . The sentiments in the letter spread too thinly , and if she sees them elsewhere she wonders , "  Hey , I thought your love was meant for me . " If she posts your letter on Facebook , you think the same thing . If both of you post the letter on Facebook , well , love itself wastes away , just as any noble , feeling-full statement does when it turns into an advertising jingle . If you call him on the phone and hear him say for the first time , "  I love you , too , " then hang up and text 20 friends and update Facebook with , "  He said it ! " you may think that you are expanding and replenishing his declaration , but in truth you only deplete it . This is a moment to savor and ponder by yourself , to let it exist for a time on its own . Love ca n't run too swiftly or follow too many channels and last . Zuckerberg has noted that we are "  hard-wired " to care about what other people think , to heed the interests and eyes of our companions . Maybe so , but that does n't mean we should involve them in everything . That way leads to what Andrew Keen terms in an upcoming book , "  digital vertigo , " the disorienting , enfeebling effect of social contact on personal experience . The faster you express your love and the more you share it with others , the less you do , in fact , love . We have gone from ` Shall I compare thee to a summer 's day ' to smiley face emoticons , from beauteous and painstakingly crafted one-to-one disclosures of love to quick and clichÃ © d postings of love for all to see and ` like . ' Think of it this way : what great lover of the past , real or fictional -- Gatsby , Dante , Mark Antony , Penelope in Ithaca , Queen Victoria -- spotted the beloved for the first time and thought one second later , "  I ca n't wait to tell all my friends " ? Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Bauerlein .	Mark Bauerlein : In the old days , love was n't social , it was private between couples Bauerlein : Today , social media services want all human experiences to be social Psychologists have found that social media does n't actually cure loneliness He says that genuine love is anti-social
CNN  -- Thailand 's King Bhumibol Adulyadej , the world 's longest-serving monarch , celebrated his 84th birthday Monday , giving the Southeast Asian country some much-needed cheer after months of devastating flooding nationwide . Also celebrated as Father 's Day , the occasion launched a week of national celebrations , including a birthday speech by Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra on behalf of the Thai people , a public audience by the king during a grand state ceremony and the pardon of some 26,000 prisoners . A new book celebrating his seventh decade as monarch has also hit stores . Titled "  King Bhumibol Adulyadej : A Life 's Work , " and with an editorial advisory board chaired by former Prime Minister Anand Panyarachun , the book offers a look at the king 's life , work , laws governing the throne , along with hundreds of pictures . In a rare appearance , the king on Monday addressed the recent floods that have devastated the country , urging people to overcome divisions and set up sustainable water management . "  It is a duty of everyone to cooperate and help each other , " he said . The U.S.-born and Swiss-educated king has reigned since 1950 , succeeding his brother King Ananda Mahidol , whose death in 1946 of a gunshot wound in bed remains a mystery . Also known as Rama IX , the king commands great love , respect and God-like status among Thais despite his lack of direct power under Thailand 's constitutional monarchy , in which decision-making rests with the prime minister . The Constitution stipulates that the king "  shall be enthroned in a position of revered worship and shall not be violated " and that "  no person shall expose the king to any sort of accusation or action . " He has wielded his moral authority to intervene in political crises over the decades , but his failing health -- he has been residing at Bangkok 's Siriraj Hospital -- has raised questions about the country 's future , as it struggles to recover from the most recent spasms of political unrest in the aftermath of a 2006 military coup . His son , Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn , is his heir apparent . But talk about the future role of the monarchy -- most especially if it 's deemed less than supportive -- has been hampered by Thailand 's lese majeste laws , which ban criticism of the monarchy . Last week , Human Rights Watch urged the amendment of Thailand 's lese majeste laws after 61-year-old Ampon Tangnoppakul was sentenced to 20 years in prison for sending four SMS text messages considered offensive to the Queen and the monarchy -- a case that also drew the concern of the European Union . "  The severity of penalties being meted out for lese majeste offenses in Thailand is shocking , " said Human Rights Watch 's Asia Director , Brad Adams on the HRW web site . The group pointed to the King 's own 2005 birthday speech in suggesting he invited criticism : "  If the King can do no wrong , it is akin to looking down upon him because the King is not being treated as a human being . But the King can do wrong , " according to a translation by the Thai newspaper , The Nation . The U.N. Special Rapporteur has recommended the amendment of Thailand 's lese majeste laws . On Monday The Nation released a Dusit survey on the king . Among the findings : 60 percent of those polled most appreciate his kindness for the economy ; 78 percent pledged to be honest in honor of his birthday ; 61 percent would like to light candles and sing songs to wish him well ; and 73 percent believe disunity most upsets the king . In addition to Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn , King Bhumibol and his wife of more than 60 years , Queen Sirikit , have three other children : Ubolratana , Chulabhorn , and Maha Chakri Sirindhorn , whose work promoting schools , nutrition and health care for the needy has earned her the nickname "  Angel Princess . "	Thai King 's 84th birthday sparks a week of celebrations Country has been suffering from devastating flooding King Bhumibol Adulyadej 's wields moral authority but not political power Laws banning criticism of the monarchy are controversial especially after a texter was last week jailed for 20 years
CNN  -- Much advice for fathers is written about reluctant dads . But , of course , this is not all of us . Before I became a father , I struggled to find advice that really spoke to me , and I hope that the following bits of wisdom speak to other American dads , men who really want to be the best they can be . Let me begin with where it all began for me . In August , in the waning days of Ramadan , the month of fasting observed by Muslims , I was confronted with a devastating choice . While Hurricane Irene raged through the streets of New York , my wife was in labor in a Manhattan hospital room . She had been laboring for 22 hours , and now , after repeated attempts to control it , she was wrestling with a fever . My son , still inside her , was slipping away from us . His heart rate was rapidly increasing , a sign of his distress . My wife and I are the "  do everything natural " couple . We took prenatal yoga , went for prenatal acupuncture , found a loving doula and ate copious amounts of kale , and my wife refused all drugs from the moment her pain began . But like countless others , we had to make a difficult call that day . "  Let 's end this , " I said . "  Let 's take the baby out . " In less than an hour , just after the sun set , doctors performed a c-section and pulled our baby boy out . After they clipped the cord and I said the call to prayer in his ear , we brought him around the curtain to his mother . It is strange that we bring our children into rooms that are brightly lit , with sterile walls , surrounded by strangers wearing plastic gloves . I could only imagine my son 's confusion . Thankfully , my son heard our voices , the same voices he had been hearing since he was able to hear while inside the womb . On the day of his birth , he opened his beautiful eyes bright and wide  thank goodness he has his mother 's eyes  and studied us . It was like he was asking , "  who 's responsible for me ? Oh , there they are . Are they sure they know what they are doing ? " The answer in a word : No . We had no idea what we were doing . My wife and I are both Muslim , and we both come from large families . I am black , and she is Indian-American . We are tied together by faith and an overriding sense that we need to raise our son in a way that is different from how we were both raised . He is very different from us , born into a very different time . But how do we do this ? As a father , I started by laying out some nurturing father principles and assumptions . They are based in my faith but resonate universally . First , my faith tells me that my son is without sin . My wife and I are his "  spiritual parents , " with the tough job of guiding him down a righteous path . To do this , we had to be prepared . Getting married was step one . Waiting a bit before diving into parenthood was step two . Sure , we could have waited longer and discovered more about ourselves as a unit and therefore been better parents . But in truth , no one is ever "  ready . " Constantly strengthening our own sense of faith as he watches is step three . Second , my son is good . He is untainted . He does not lie or cheat or steal . He has never cursed , never talked about someone behind his or her back . He smiles at strangers ; he 's calm when we pray . I have to nurture and bring out the best in him . I have to pay attention to him , let him cry and express himself and listen to him even when I have little attention . Among the tools I have at my disposal is my example . He will follow what I do more than he will follow what I say . Third , my son was born intelligent , as a whole human being , with the ability to express and understand human emotion . I must help fill that brilliance with information and rich experiences that let him see the beauty of the world and understand how to navigate around the ugly . Fourth , my son has rights and responsibilities . He has the right to be loved and to find love . He has the right to fail and to succeed , to never go hungry , to never be homeless and to always have a community and a family . He has the responsibility to nurture others , to fight oppression . Fifth , I have to be the best human being I can be . It is my responsibility to work even when I can not find work . I must maintain a true and loving partnership with his mother . Through me , he must learn to see all people as created equal , to never disrespect women in any way with verbal , emotional or physical abuse . Right now , my son is sleeping . I look upon him knowing he feels my love . I also know he can feel stress , tension and negative emotions . As a nurturing father , I should always remember that any mistakes he makes are not a reflection of who he is . At the core , he is a good human being whose soul comes from the Creator of the Universe , and my wife and I have been chosen as the primary caretakers for this vessel of light , this small human being . And we will do the best we know how , praying all along that it is enough . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ibrahim Abdul-Matin .	Ibrahim Abdul-Matin looked for advice when he was becoming a dad ; now he offers his own He and his wife , both Muslim , know they 're raising their son in a different time than theirs He lays out five principles for raising his son , including building faith , setting example Writer : A father must work , must teach respect for women and teach that all are equal
CNN  -- When researchers at Harvard Business School set out to study top-level leadership within a major organization , it would have been easy to focus on a high-flying CEO from the commercial or financial worlds . Instead , the academics cast convention aside and approached a football manager with an avowed commitment to socialism -- Sir Alex Ferguson . The former Manchester United manager is one of the most successful coaches of all time , winning a veritable treasure trove of trophies and championships in a managerial career that stretched across five decades . All very impressive , but what could Ferguson possibly know about business leadership that would be of use to an in-depth study on the subject ? See also : There 's no escape from Robo-boss Quite a lot according to management consultant and author , Mike Carson , who has spent the past year interviewing top-level soccer managers , including Ferguson , for his book , "  The Manager : Inside The Minds of Football 's Leaders " . "  People think football is about buying and selling players and picking the team , but actually that is just a relatively small part of it , " Carson explained . "  It 's also about how do I lead myself ? How do I lead my team ? And how do I lead others ? " "  Whether you 're leading a football club and all the infrastructure behind that ... or whether you 're leading an executive company , the human skills are quite similar , " he added . Tactical game Like the researchers who studied Ferguson at close quarters and invited him to speak at Harvard last year , Carson draws parallels between the best CEOs and football managers in how they strive to introduce long term structures and values to foster a culture of success . He also points out the similarities in managing top talent , developing an effective one-to-one leadership style as well as taking into account the needs of different interests groups within an organization . This final quality is something the best soccer managers do particularly well , Carson noted . See also : The 10 worst bosses from TV and film "  Football management is not unlike being a senior executive where you have to balance the needs of multiple parties : investors , shareholders , committees , customers , clients , consumers and stakeholders in general . " "  No-one gets it right all the time ; and for the managers of the big clubs and national teams , the stakes are very high indeed . The likes of JosÃ © Mourinho , ArsÃ ¨ ne Wenger and recently Sir Alex Ferguson are under constant press and media scrutiny , and have frequent high-profile and high-impact dealings with press , club owners , agents and top talent , high-priced players , " he added . Contrasting styles Yet despite these broad similarities , the day-to-day methods used to nurture relationships in sport and business will in most cases be vastly different . Jose Mourinho 's often barbed public attitude towards officialdom and competitors , for example , would unlikely meet the level of decorum expected of a public facing CEO or executive . Sir Alex Ferguson 's infamous hairdryer treatment  where he stands inches away from a players face and screams at the top of his voice  or the temperamental touchline persona of Borussia Dortmund head-coach , Jurgen Klopp , meanwhile hardly seem suited to the more refined sensibilities of the business world . According to Professor Ian Clarke , dean of Edinburgh University 's business school , however , these emotional techniques still display leadership attributes that businesspeople can adapt for their own purposes . See also : Neurotics shine over time in team settings " -LSB- One of the main -RSB- things those in business can learn from leaders in sport is passion , " Clarke explained . "  Many top sports coaches have this , but so few business leaders display it openly in their organizations or externally . " In this regard , Clarke says there is "  a huge amount that businesspeople can take from those in sport . I do n't think enough of that goes on as it is . " Transferring skills Perhaps one of the main reasons for this lack of learning across football and business is the fact that so few have operated at the sharp end of both disciplines . One man who has is former Tottenham , Celtic and Cagliari defender , Ramon Vega . The former Swiss international founded his own asset management firm , Vega Swiss Asset Management , in 2009 after hanging up boots several years previously . His organization now looks after $ 1 billion of clients ' funds under advisory management , according to a 2012 profile in the Times of London . Although never a football manager himself , Vega spent more than 15 years studying at the feet of inspirational coaches such as Martin O'Neil , Christian Gross and Roy Hodgson which he said prepared him for the rigors of leading a successful company . "  There are similarities between the two  football and business  as you always have pressure to perform , " he said . "  On the football side this is something that you can really bring over into the business world as you are trained from a very young age to cope with major pressure . " See also : Is investing in a college degree worth it ? Like Carson and Clarke before him , however , Vega highlights the ability to deal with people on an individual level as the major similarity between leadership roles in the two fields . He believes those in business can glean much from football if they were to analyze the methods and behavior of leading coaches . "  People skills in any form of management are about 80 % to 90 % the most important part of the job , " Vega said . "  Of course you also have to have knowledge and know-how of a specific industry as well , but if you have these skills and effective communication then people will do the job for you very well . "  If managers take the time to think about it and see the positions of people then they can only learn a lot from the sports world , " he added .	Football managers can offer valuable insight into leadership , says author Mike Carson Sir Alex Ferguson , Jose Mourinho and Arsene Wenger all exhibit powerful leadership traits , Carson states Ex-player Ramon Vega believes communication skills gleaned in the football world can be transferred to business
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- A Libyan revolutionary fighters ' convoy came under attack Saturday on the outskirts of Sirte , the birthplace of Moammar Gadhafi , injuring a CNN journalist who was traveling with them . Ian Lee was treated for shrapnel in his ankle in a rocket propelled grenade  RPG  attack . He was in good spirits and was able to speak with his family by phone . Lee was with a CNN team traveling with anti-Gadhafi fighters and other journalists towards Sirte , where fierce fighting unfolded again Saturday . The revolutionaries have been met there with stiff resistance from loyalists . From a roundabout on the edge of the city , where revolutionaries have been amassing , the CNN team followed fighters heading north towards the sea to evacuate civilians , said CNN correspondent Phil Black , who was with Lee . For an unknown reason , one fighter began shooting his gun , causing others also to shoot . Soon after , the convoy started taking incoming fire . At first it was small arms , quickly followed by RPGs . Two vehicles near the CNN team were hit by at least two RPGs . The CNN journalists pulled back , rushing Lee to nearest field hospital , Black said . At least one anti-Gadhafi paramedic was killed in the same attack . It was not immediately clear whether there were other casualties .	An anti-Gadhafi convoy comes under fire A rocket propelled grenade attack wounds a CNN producer Ian Lee gets treated for shrapnel in his leg
CNN  -- Representatives of India and Pakistan on Tuesday will hold the second day of two-day talks on conventional and nuclear weapons , Indian officials said . No major developments were expected from the high-level talks , which are being held in Pakistan 's capital , Islamabad . But the discussions are aimed at building confidence between the two nuclear powers , according to a statement from the Indian Ministry of External Affairs . Dialogue will help the countries understand each other 's nuclear doctrine , Pakistan 's state-run agency cited foreign office spokesman Abdul Basit as saying . India and Pakistan have fought three wars since the partition of the Asian subcontinent in 1947 . Two of them were over Kashmir , which is claimed by both countries . Earlier this year , New Delhi and Islamabad agreed to resume peace talks frozen by the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks . India blamed Pakistani militants for the strike that killed more than 160 people in its financial capital . In July , both nations vowed they would not allow their relationship to slide backward again . In 2004 , the nations agreed to negotiations that cover eight issues , including Kashmir , terrorism and Pakistan 's concerns over river dams on the Indian side of the border . Pakistan sees them as a threat to its water supplies . CNN 's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	No major developments are expected from the high-level talks The discussions are aimed at building confidence between the two nuclear powers The two countries have fought three wars since the partition of the Asian subcontinent in 1947
Washington  CNN  -- Three U.S. Navy SEALs face criminal charges after the alleged mastermind of one of the most notorious crimes against Americans in Iraq accused them of punching him after his capture , the military said Wednesday . Ahmed Hashim Abed -- thought to be behind the slayings and mutilation of four U.S. contractors in Falluja in 2004 and captured in summer -- made the accusations against the three servicemen , said Lt. Col. Holly Silkman , a spokeswoman for U.S. Central Command . A civilian lawyer for one of three SEALs said his client and the other SEALs declined a nonjudicial resolution to the case , a step sometimes called a "  captain 's mast . " The servicemen say they did not harm the detainee in any way and they want their names cleared in a court-martial so they can continue their careers in the Navy , said the attorney , Neil Puckett . Because the charges against Petty Officer 2nd Class Matthew McCabe , Petty Officer Jonathan Keefe and Petty Officer Julio Heurtas are the military equivalent of misdemeanors , they will go before a special court-martial , which is for less serious offenses than those heard in a general court-martial . If found guilty , they could be sentenced to a maximum of a year in a military prison , demotion to the lowest Navy rank , a cut in pay and a bad conduct discharge . But if found innocent of all charges , they would be able to continue their careers with no record of the case in their personnel files . The three SEALs are with their unit in Norfolk , Virginia . They will make an initial appearance before a military judge on December 7 . The court-martial is scheduled to begin in January . The attorney said he expects the SEALs will not waive their constitutional right to confront the accuser in court , which could cause a logistical challenge . Abed is believed to be in a U.S. military detention center overseas , and it is unclear if the military would want him brought to the United States for the court-martial . The four contractors , one of whom was a former Navy SEAL , were working for the Blackwater company when they were attacked in Falluja in 2004 . After they were killed with hand grenades and rifles , their bodies were set on fire and dragged through the streets . The bodies of two of them were hung from a bridge in Falluja , an image that was broadcast around the world . Four days after the attack , the U.S. Marines launched a major offensive inside Falluja , in part to help find the killers .	Ahmed Hashim Abed is accused of planning the '04 slayings and mutilations of 4 U.S. contractors Abed says SEALs punched him when he was captured in summer Contractors ' bodies were set on fire and dragged through streets of Falluja
CNN  -- Elected with the largest margin of victory in the history of Taiwan 's presidential elections , President Ma Ying-jeou is aiming to bring the good times back to Taiwan while looking to a friendlier future with China . Smiling through it : President Ma Ying-jeou has some tough challenges ahead . Winning 58 percent of the vote , Ma was swept to victory on the promise of economic growth but through the more controversial method of building closer ties with China . With the backdrop of economic depression Ma 's calls to reinvigorate the economy by freer trade and improved relations with China proved stronger than the fears that those ties could lead to a loss in independence . Nevertheless , with a message of rapprochement , the charismatic former mayor of Taipei has a tough job on his hands in his first presidency . Born in Hong Kong in 1950 , Ma studied at Harvard Law School and worked as a lawyer in New York in 1981 before returning Taiwan . He held a number of posts in government ministries from 1988 , including Minister for Justice for three years from 1993 . However , it was not until he was elected mayor of Taipei in 1998 that he emerged as a potential future president , and he was elected as chairman of the Kuomintang , Taiwan 's Nationalist party , in July 2005 . Yet having built up a solid reputation in Taiwan 's notoriously volatile political culture , his image was tarnished by allegations of corruption while mayor of Taipei in 2006 . It was alleged that he had misappropriated around $ 340,000 , and after resigning his position as head of the Kuomintang to fight the charges , he was finally cleared of all allegations in 2007 . With a clear mandate and popular support he occupies a unique position in Asian politics ; TIME Magazine has said he is in the rare position of being a politician who has the "  opportunity to shape the destiny not only of their own nation but also of an entire region . " Moving swiftly to build stronger links , the first regular direct flights for nearly 60 years between China and Taipei resumed on July 4 . Ma 's administration hopes that Chinese tourists from the mainland will boost the sluggish tourism industry and talks are already underway to increase the number of weekly flights . In a further signal of détente , Guangdong province in China has offered the Taiwanese port city of Kaohsiung two white tigers as a symbol of improved relations . Allaying fears , breaking down generations of mistrust and making Taiwan 's economy roar again will be the considerable challenges of Ma 's administration ; the former barrister will have to use all his negotiating skills to try and fulfill his ambitions .	Taiwan 's premier , Ma Ying-jeou , elected by biggest margin in history Has promised to bring economic prosperity back to Taiwan and engage China Hugely difficult task ahead of strengthening ties with China and allaying public fears
CNN  -- Kaci Hickox , a nurse who worked with Doctors Without Borders to treat Ebola patients in Sierra Leone , was placed under mandatory quarantine in New Jersey for three days even though she tested negative for Ebola and is asymptomatic . After much protest , she was finally released on Monday . In her opinion , her "  basic human rights have been violated . " She appeared on CNN and criticized politicians ' reactions to Ebola and the lack of forethought and plan . This newest quarantine has us wondering again how far the government can restrain individuals for the common good . No doubt , being physically confined by the government feels like a fundamental violation . But it 's rarely a legal violation . For over a hundred years , the Supreme Court and other tribunals have upheld the right of states to enact compulsory laws related to health care issues such as vaccination . The seminal case , Jacobson v. Massachusetts , recognized "  manifold restraints to which every person is necessarily subject for the common good . " So how far does this power to regulate for the public health go ? Consider the infamous 1927 case of Buck v. Bell -- a cautionary tale for all medical students -- in which the court upheld a state 's involuntary sterilization of "  feebleminded " persons in state institutions . The court broadened state power drastically to allow forcing unwanted surgery on a female for the express purpose of neutering her . Perhaps most shocking to modern sensibilities was the court 's use of the Jacobson logic of contagious diseases . Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes stated in a judicial opinion that the "  principle that sustains compulsory vaccination is broad enough to cover cutting the fallopian tubes " to avoid further generations of "  imbeciles . " Yes . The Supreme Court actually said that . Since then , the court has specifically recognized that the general health and welfare of the public may require adults be dealt with by compulsory treatment including quarantine , confinement or sequestration . Along with many other cases echoing similar sentiments , little doubt remains about the matter . State governments have historically enjoyed nearly unfettered power to restrain our liberty in the name of public health . These cases were decided in times when crowded urban conditions , less-advanced medicine , and lack of public education required drastic measures to avoid the scourge of disease infection . But times have changed , and the collective views of citizens and governments today bear little resemblance to those of centuries past . Thanks to the dizzying advances in medical sciences and education , the citizen-patient is more informed and empowered . Of course , the unintended side effect of patient autonomy is overreaction . In researching rashes on WebMD , a simple poison ivy may become the bubonic plague in the minds of some . While the Internet unquestionably contributes to quicker and bigger waves of panic , make no mistake -- the connectivity of communication is a boon to , as well as bane of , public health . For example , most of us are aware on some level of the individual right to refuse medical treatment . And most of us have a general understanding of the right to privacy preventing undue interference with a woman 's "  right to choose " abortion . The court cases that protect these liberties may leave the public with a strong and perhaps unrealistic impression about what constitute unassailable , bedrock "  rights . " However , these are actually narrowly defined liberties that affect only one patient 's life  and , depending on your view of abortion , the life of a fetus  . By contrast , it appears little has changed in the jurisprudence of outbreaks and communicable diseases . The courts continue to recognize the government 's broad "  police power " to legislate for its citizens ' health , safety and morals . But state authority is not without limit . States seeking to take your personal liberty with a quarantine must establish necessity , reasonable means , proportionality , and seek to avoid harm . What those concepts actually mean is surely a case-by-case analysis , because it 's impossible to know what 's reasonable until a medical expert tells us what 's reasonable . Hickox 's allegation , for example , was that there was no intelligible plan , and therefore no reasonable tailoring of the government intrusion into her liberty . She may be right if the medical evidence supports her view . Still , it 's an uphill battle for the nurse-as-plaintiff . It 's exceedingly difficult to sue state agencies to begin with . Moreover , courts have upheld compulsory measures on numerous occasions involving vaccinations or quarantines , and even jailing those with serious cases of tuberculosis . Ultimately , other than reproductive freedoms and end-of-life decisions , courts have not recognized a fundamental "  freedom of the body . " What undoubtedly feels to Hickox like a violation of "  basic human rights " may not automatically be the same as the "  fundamental rights " closely guarded and scrutinized by the Supreme Court . When it comes to infectious diseases , the collective jurisprudential message is as clear today as it was in centuries past : Public health concerns can warrant the state 's intrusion on personal freedoms . The individual 's liberty can still theoretically outweigh public safety , but practically , you 're talking about convincing a court that your right to walk to the corner store outweighs the risk of an epidemic . Better fire up the Netflix and iTunes , and get comfortable with a couple weeks ' house arrest .	Kaci Hickox , who tested negative for Ebola but was quarantined , was finally released Danny Cevallos : Being confined feels like a violation , but it 's rarely a legal violation He says when it comes to infectious diseases , the court is not taking any chances Cevallos : Public health concerns can warrant the state 's intrusion on personal liberty
CNN  -- Authorities have found a massive underground drug smuggling tunnel snaking through the U.S.-Mexican border , and law officers are marveling over its sophistication . The uncompleted tunnel measures 48 feet in the U.S. and 35 feet in Mexico . "  This is one of the most elaborate tunnels I 've seen , " Border Patrol agent Michael Scioli said . Border Patrol agents found the uncompleted tunnel last week , the patrol said in a statement . Measuring 48 feet in the United States and 35 feet in Mexico , the tunnel contains side walls framed with 2-by-4 wooden studs and ceiling construction . "  It 's elegant in the sense it has electrical work wired into the Mexico side . It even has a hose for ventilation and lightning , " Scioli said . The development points to successes law officers are having in uncovering the tunnels , with an additional 16 tunnels found since October 1 . But it also underscores the skills and savvy of the drug smuggling industry . A resident tipped off the patrol about construction activity through the wall of a building in Nogales , Arizona . Agents arrested two people cutting a hole .	48 feet of tunnel is in United States and 35 feet in Mexico Officials say tunnel has ventilation , lighting , framed walls Resident reported suspicious construction in Nogales , Arizona
A spectacular closing ceremony brought an end to the 2014 Sochi Paralympic Games Sunday . In front of Russian President Vladimir Putin , the ceremony embraced the theme of "  Reaching the Impossible . " Some 547 athletes from 45 countries competed for the 72 gold medals on offer -- with host nation Russia coming out on top . Russia claimed 30 gold medals and 80 in total , way ahead of Germany which finished in second place . On the day where a referendum was held in Crimea , Ukraine flagbearer , biathlete and cross-country skier Lyudmila Pavlenko entered the stadium wearing a top emblazoned with the word "  Peace " . But her actions did not overshadow a ceremony which involved 462 performers and 8,000 volunteers . International Paralympic Commitee president Philip Craven told spectators at the stadium : "  The Paralympic Spirit has united and infected us all . Proud Paralympians -- your inspirational athletic performances have redefined the boundaries of possibility . "  You have shown the world that absolutely anything is possible and that life is about amazing capabilities and not perceived deficiencies . "  With record numbers of highly enthusiastic spectators supporting you all , you have shown what real grit and determination looks like . Through record TV audiences and media coverage , you have opened up the eyes of the world to what the human spirit can achieve . " Russia 's hero of the Games was Roman Petushkov who won six gold medals -- the most by any individual at a single Paralympics . The 36-year-old , who lost both his legs in a car accident eight years ago , made his Paralympic debut in Vancouver where he won two medals . After winning five world titles in the Sweden last year , he responded to the pressure magnificently with six golds . Competing in the seated division of cross country and biathlon , he won the 7.5 kilometer , 12km and 15km biathlon as well as the cross country 1km , 15km and the 4x2 .5 km relay . One of the other outstanding stories of the Games was the achievement of Brian McKeever , who won his 10th Paralympic title . The 34-year-old visually impaired cross-country skier , competing in his fourth Paralympics , won three gold medals in Sochi and could yet defend his titles at Korea 2018 . Germany 's Anna Schaffelhuber was a five-time gold medal winner at Sochi following a series of sublime sit-ski displays . Schaffelhuber won the women 's giant slalom Sunday to go on top of the downhill , super G , slalom and super combined in the women 's sitting class in Sochi . Speaking at the closing ceremony , Russia 's deputy prime minister , Dmitry Kozak , told spectators that the Games "  had gone far beyond sports competitions . " He said : They showed what people from different countries and nationalities different cultures and traditions are capable of when they are united by a single goal and an inspired dream . "  Attitudes toward people with an impairment have changed among Russian society . The Paralympic Winter Games have become a catalyst for our efforts to create a barrier-free environment in Russia . "  The Games are over , but we promise that this important work will continue throughout our vast country . "	Sochi Paralympics ended Sunday Russia finished top of medal table with 30 golds President Putin attended ceremony Ukraine flagbearer made political statement
CNN  -- For the 56th year , World Press Photo announced the winners of its annual contest Friday . The jury gave prizes in nine themed categories to 54 photographers of 32 nationalities for what is considered one of the most prestigious photojournalism honors . Photos : Selection of World Press Photo 's 2012 winners This year 's Photo of the Year , taken by Paul Hansen , is a striking image of the bodies of two young children carried through the streets of Gaza City after an Israeli airstrike on their home , the photographer said . They are being taken to a mosque for burial , their father 's body carried on a stretcher behind them . Their mother was hospitalized . The photograph humanizes what some may see as a politically charged situation . But contest jury chair Santiago Lyon told CNN that there was no talk of it being controversial . Lyon is the vice president and director of photography for The Associated Press . In two weeks , more than 103,000 images were narrowed down to about 10,000 in a first round of judging . A second round determined first , second and third place for one of nine themed categories . This year 's final round of judges were a global mix , Lyon said . There were three things jurors were looking for in a winning image -- a photograph that reached the intellect , heart and stomach . The Gaza City photo accomplished that , Lyon said . Photos : First place photographers react to winning World Press Photo prizes "  The strength of the pictures lies in the way it contrasts the anger and sorrow of the adults with the innocence of the children . It 's a picture I will not forget , " Mayu Mohanna , a jury member from Peru , said in a World Press Photo press release . The final images were discussed for several hours , and an anonymous vote cast Hansen 's image as the picture of 2012 . "  I thought it was a prank call , " Swedish photographer Hansen said about hearing he 'd won . "  I have mixed feelings about it . It 's a horrible picture . " The story behind the photo started the day before it was shot , he said . He and a colleague were talking to a Norwegian doctor in a hospital . The doctor told the story of a Gaza City family whose home had been destroyed in an Israeli airstrike . Two young boys and their father were killed , and their mother was sent to the intensive care unit . The next day , on November 20 , 2012 , Hansen and his colleague set out to cover a funeral . It was for the woman 's sons and husband whose bodies were marched through the neighborhood , their destroyed home unable to house grieving relatives . The picture is one of 12 of the day 's events , taken for a Swedish daily newspaper , Dagens Nyheter . When asked about the image 's possible controversy , Hansen said it truthfully portrays the situation . "  You can see that they 're dead , but it 's not gruesome in any other way besides emotion , " he said . The ability to portray something in a manner that does n't make the reader turn away takes conscious balancing , Hansen said , adding that it 's something for which he strives . The emotion of the photograph remains strong for Hansen as well . He said he later cried . "  Crying is part of the job , " he said . "  If you 're not there as a person first , why are you there ? " Lyon , the jury chair , said the judges looked at the photograph for its power . "  We felt that was the reality of the scene , " he said . "  It is very powerful . We do n't shy away from showing reality . "	Image of bodies of two children carried in Gaza City wins World Press Photo 's top prize Jurors narrowed down winner from more than 103,000 images in two-week period Photographer Paul Hansen says he has mixed feelings about winning prestigious contest He describes the photo of dead children as "  a horrible picture "
