CNN  -- Fifty years after President John F. Kennedy 's assassination , there are very few down-the-line defenders of the Warren Commission to be found . The investigation into JFK 's murder was inadequate , rushed and manipulated by powerful officials . Just consider a few of the commission 's flaws . -- President Lyndon Johnson and FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover had all but decided what the report would say -- that Lee Harvey Oswald was the lone gunman with no conspiracy -- within 48 hours of the shooting . -- The report was issued on a political timetable . LBJ wanted it out well before his election in November 1964 . -- The FBI was less interested in the full truth and more determined to avoid blame for misreading Oswald 's violent character . Hoover later admitted : "  We failed in carrying through some of the most salient aspects of the Oswald investigation . It ought to be a lesson to all . " -- Far worse was the behavior of the CIA , which coached some witnesses , hid others and withheld important information . The agency never told the commission it had been keeping tabs on Oswald or why . To this day , the CIA says it did not have a relationship with Oswald and that it is not withholding anything important about the assassination from the public . -- Even more suspiciously , the CIA maintained its subterfuge and continued to lie to yet another official JFK investigation in the 1970s , this one run by the U.S. House of Representatives . It was a chance to come clean , with lesser consequences , and the CIA did n't take it . The director of that study , Robert Blakey , now denounces the CIA and says he does n't believe anything the agency told him and his panel . -- Both the CIA and the FBI failed to inform the commission about their various arrangements with the Mafia , another prime suspect in Kennedy 's killing . They considerably underplayed Oswald killer Jack Ruby 's organized crime ties . "  The evidence does not establish a significant link , " the commission asserted , but in fact , Ruby was in frequent contact with mobsters . -- A surprising number of first-hand , close-in witnesses from Dealey Plaza on November 22 were never interviewed by the commission . These people had useful information to impart . I interviewed some of them , still living after the passage of five decades , and to this day they can not understand why the commission was uninterested . -- The commission dismissed or ignored some compelling testimony that contradicted its preferred findings . Thus , the Warren Commission failed to find the full truth when the trail was hot , and when most Americans would have welcomed the most thorough possible investigation , even if the process was lengthy and costly . We can never recapture that moment , or reel in the cynicism that has developed because of its inadequacies . If we could go back in time , maybe it would be possible to figure out why the CIA was so interested in Oswald or why the FBI was so responsive when Oswald demanded to see its agents while he was in a New Orleans jail in August 1963 .  Ask yourself whether the FBI would come running if you summoned it while incarcerated on a minor charge . It would also be useful to know what really happened when Oswald visited the Cuban and Soviet embassies in Mexico City just two months before the assassination . With this extensive a list of shortfalls , is it any wonder the Warren Commission is widely derided ? So , it may come as a surprise that , despite everything , a large part of the commission 's basic conclusion turns out to be correct . Lee Harvey Oswald almost certainly was the man who killed President Kennedy . Under an alias , he had mail-ordered an Italian rifle from Chicago . The Dallas police found photos of Oswald holding a rifle , taken by his wife . Contrary to theories that float on the Internet , the pictures were not doctored . Oswald had demonstrated violent tendencies by attempting to kill Major Gen. Edwin Walker in April 1963 . Oswald 's wife has recalled that he had also made a veiled threat against former vice president Richard Nixon . Oswald 's rifle was found , and his palm print was identified on a box inside the sniper 's nest on the sixth floor of the Texas School Book Depository . The trajectory of the bullets fired from the open window essentially matches the wounds suffered by both President Kennedy and Texas Gov. John Connally , who was sitting a few inches lower and to the left of JFK in the jump seat in front of the president . After Oswald 's first bullet missed the car entirely , the so-called "  magic bullet " that struck JFK in the back was perfectly aligned to do substantial damage to Connally 's body . And the final bullet that hit JFK in the head came from up and behind him , not the front . There is a reasonable physiological explanation for the actions of the president 's body in the car once his skull was blown apart . Two Dallas reporters in the motorcade saw a rifle protruding from the window  though not Oswald himself , who was shielded  . A depository employee watching the motorcade from the fifth floor window below the one with the gun testified that he heard the sound of a fast-moving bolt action rifle and brass cartridges falling on the floorboards just above his head . A homemade paper bag was left on the sixth floor , and the employee who gave Oswald a ride to the depository on the morning of November 22 testified that Oswald was carrying a parcel wrapped in brown paper that Oswald claimed was "  curtain rods , " but which just as easily could have been a disassembled rifle . Oswald was the only employee found missing from the depository a short while after the assassination . Most of the ballistics and eyewitness evidence suggests that Oswald shot Officer J.D. Tippit later that afternoon -- hardly the deed of an innocent person . Oswald tried to shoot another officer at the Texas Theatre when he was captured a little while later , shouting , "  It 's all over now . " Oswald was a deeply troubled man , a castaway who never fit well anywhere and could get along with few . He was someone yearning to be great but without the wherewithal to achieve it . At the end of his rope on November 22 , 1963 , Oswald had left his wedding ring and most of his money behind for his wife Marina and his two young daughters . He grabbed his rifle and planned to go out in a blaze of history-making glory by striking out at the ultimate symbol of power and success , a president who by pure chance would be passing by his place of low-level employment . Had Oswald not been killed by Jack Ruby , we probably would have learned as much in a few weeks or months . Yet the story does n't necessarily end with Oswald . There is no question that many powerful individuals and groups , some with whom Oswald had personal association , possessed the means , motive and opportunity to kill President Kennedy . Was Oswald encouraged or manipulated in any way ? Did anyone overtly or covertly aid him ? After the assassination , were the FBI and especially the CIA simply trying to cover up for their incompetence in missing Oswald 's nature and intent , or were there more sinister motives ? So much time has passed that we may never know , but our one chance to discover more is in the release of thousands of additional pages of memos relating to the assassination , including hundreds of items from the CIA . After 50 years , it is absurd that anything is still hidden . Supposedly , the documents will be made public in a few years , but there is no guarantee . The Assassination Records Collection Act , signed by President George H.W. Bush in 1992 , requires that all remaining documents about the Kennedy assassination be released by October 26 , 2017 . The next president will rule on any requests from the CIA and other agencies that materials be withheld or redacted after 2017 . Under the law , the president can do so only if there is identifiable harm to our national security that outweighs the public interest in disclosure . But it 's possible the CIA could succeed in having some memos held back and others substantially redacted . The right time came long ago for complete disclosure . Transparency can not bring President Kennedy back , but at long last it can help America to come to terms fully with November 22 , 1963 -- and perhaps to prevent similar events in our future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Larry J. Sabato .	Larry Sabato : The investigation into JFK 's murder was inadequate and rushed Sabato : Although the Warren Commission is derided , its basic conclusion is correct He says Lee Harvey Oswald was the killer , but was he manipulated in any way ? Sabato : We need transparency ; memos relating to the assassination must be released
CNN  -- The operation on Ronaldo 's injured left knee "  went well " but the Brazilian striker faces a lengthy rehabilitation as he bids to save his football career . Ronaldo leaves the field in agony after suffering his latest injury blow against Livorno . Ronaldo had surgery in Paris on Thursday , the two-hour operation perfomed by Dr. Eric Rolland with Dr. Gerard Saillant , who carried out a similar repair to his right knee in 2000 , in attendance . "  The operation went well , " said Saillant . "  The intervention was of the same type as the one in 2000 . The healing period should last nine months , " he said in sports paper L'Equipe . Ronaldo was injured playing for AC Milan in a 1-1 draw with Liverno on Wednesday night and teammate Clarence Seedorf gave CNN a graphic description of the incident . "  It was like a film I already saw , " said the Dutch star who was on the pitch when Ronaldo suffered his previous serious injury . "  I saw his reaction , I was frozen by the reality , a bad , bad thing . My heart went out to him because it was his second injury . I hope he has the will to come back , " added Seedorf . Ater the two-hour operation at Pitie-Salpetriere hospital , the three-time FIFA World Player of the Year is likely to need about 10 days of physical therapy , L'Equipe said . Ronaldo , 31 , has battled serious injuries throughout his career , and has played sparingly since joining Milan from Real Madrid in January 2007 . Wednesday 's match was only his fifth in Serie A this season after injuring his thigh during preseason training on July 31 . He returned in November , but has been in and out of the team due to a series of recurring problems . E-mail to a friend	Ronaldo recovers in Paris following surgery on his ruptured left knee tendons The surgeon who performed the two-hour operation said it went "  very well " Ronaldo sustained injury playing for AC Milan against Livorno on Wednesday
CNN  -- A Texas woman accused of killing her toddler daughter and dumping the body in Galveston Bay has been found guilty of murder by a jury in Galveston , Texas . Kimberly Dawn Trenor received a life sentence without possibility of parole in the murder of her daughter . Kimberly Dawn Trenor , 20 , showed no emotion as the verdict was read late Monday . Trenor had pleaded guilty to tampering with evidence in the case , but pleaded not guilty to the capital murder charge . She received a life sentence without the possibility of parole . The body of Trenor 's daughter , Riley Ann Sawyers , was found in October 2007 in a large blue plastic container on an uninhabited island in Galveston Bay . Two-year-old Riley Ann 's case drew national attention after a fisherman found her body . Authorities did n't know her identity , and police dubbed her "  Baby Grace . " After authorities distributed composite sketches of the girl nationwide , Sheryl Sawyers , the girl 's paternal grandmother , contacted police from her Ohio home to say the drawing resembled her granddaughter . DNA testing confirmed the child 's identity . According to an affidavit , Trenor told police Riley had been beaten and thrown across a room and that her head was held under water before she died on July 24 , 2007 . Another piece of evidence shown to the jury during the trial was a page of Trenor 's journal where she talked of beating the child , according to CNN affiliate KTRK . "  I just kept hitting her with the belt again and again . I do n't know how long , but I remember her trying to get away and me knocking her back down , " the journal said . Trenor 's husband , Royce Clyde Zeigler II , 25 , also faces capital murder and evidence tampering charges , but is being tried separately . A court date has not been set in that case .	Body of Kimberly Dawn Trenor 's daughter found on Galveston Bay island in 2007 Police dubbed girl "  Baby Grace " before her identity was known Trenor wrote in journal about beating toddler Trenor 's husband to face murder charges in separate trial
CNN  -- He had grand plans on how to rebuild his broken land , but Haitian President Michel Martelly ca n't even get over the first hurdle : forming a government . Haiti 's parliament rejected Tuesday the new president 's pick for prime minister , Daniel Rouzier , sending Martelly back to the drawing board . Meanwhile , it has been more than six months since Haitians first went to the polls to vote for new leadership after last year 's devastating earthquake . Martelly , a former pop star , nominated Rouzier , an entrepreneur who also helped lead a Christian charity in Haiti , on May 20 . Many Haitians had expressed hope the pair would be a jolt of fresh energy . After days of hearings and required documentation , 42 members of the Assembly of Deputies voted against Rouzier 's nomination , while 19 deputies voted for him and three abstained , the Agence Haitienne de Presse news agency reported . Those who opposed Rouzier questioned his allegiances for his appointment as honorary consul for Jamaica and alleged that the millionaire businessman -- his family owns a car business in Port-au-Prince -- had failed to pay proper taxes . The latter charge made longtime observers of Haiti laugh aloud . Who in Haiti has ever been honest about that , asked Jocelyn McCalla , a Haitian-born political strategist and human rights expert . The real problem , he said , seems to be more of a political stalemate between Martelly , who appealed to the masses for his political novice , and veteran politicians who are perhaps resentful of that . "  The legislature is flexing its muscle in anticipation of the battles to come with Martelly , " McCalla said . And that , said McCalla , does not bode well for an impoverished nation struggling to recover from the enormous setback it suffered last year . Haiti was the most worsened nation on this year 's index of failed states released this week by the Fund for Peace in Washington . "  The process of rebuilding Haiti is essentially stalled , " McCalla said . That process has already been painfully slow for the Haitian people . Tens of thousands of Haitians continue to live in makeshift camps ; rubble still soars high on some streets -- schools , hospitals , roads , houses have yet to be rebuilt . Frustration with a lack of progress contributed to defeat for former President Rene Preval 's party . At first , Preval 's protege , Jude Celestin , was named the No. 2 vote getter in the November election . But after charges of widespread fraud and weeks of review , Martelly won that spot and a right to face former first lady Mirlande Manigat in a March runoff . By then , Haitians were anxious to get a new government installed and get on with the task of piecing their nation back together . Garry Pierre-Pierre , editor and publisher of the New York-based newspaper The Haitian Times , said Preval stocked parliament with his own people . And they are likely to challenge Martelly on every move at the expense of Haiti , he said . "  How do you govern in that situation ? " Pierre-Pierre asked . "  There 's so many compromises you can make . I 'm not sure this parliament is going to be cooperative at all . " The U.N. mission in Haiti issued a statement Wednesday urging Haiti to pick a new prime minister quickly . Every day that passes , it said , is to the detriment of the people . "  There is no doubt that all Haitians are united in their desire to see future major projects -- including those related to improving their living conditions -- moving as quickly as possible , " the statement said .	New President Michel Martelly nominates Daniel Rouzier as prime minister But Haiti 's parliament rejects Rouzier 's nomination Observers say parliament 's move does not bode well for Haiti Some say Martelly will face many more challenges from politicians
CNN  -- International investors looking to tap into Zimbabwe 's economy should not be deterred by its political problems , the country 's finance minister has said . Tendai Biti , who 's been trying to steer Zimbabwe onto a path of economic stability -- a task he 's described in the past as the most difficult job in the world -- has been on a mission to drum up foreign investment to help boost the country 's fragile economy . Speaking to CNN 's Robyn Curnow , Biti said there 's no doubt his country "  needs to get its politics right , which is why an election is inevitable in Zimbabwe . " He stressed , however , that the country 's doors are still open to foreign investments , urging the international community to engage more with Zimbabwe . "  What is also undisputable is that despite the political , it is still a place where one can actually invest and can actually get good returns , " Biti said . Two years ago , a coalition government was formed between Biti 's party , the Movement for Democratic Change , and President Robert Mugabe 's Zanu-PF party . There were hopes that the stabilization brought about by the political agreement would see new foreign investment in the country . But political uncertainty and lack of clarity in financial policies still represent major concerns for foreign businesses . Zimbabwe 's Indigenization and Economic Empowerment Act , which was passed by a Zanu-PF-controlled parliament last year , requires foreign businesses to submit plans within five years for transferring 51 % of their investments to black Zimbabweans . But Biti says the law does n't mean expropriation of foreign companies . "  There 's a lot of mistrust in the Zimbabwean economy , but mistrust comes out of ignorance , " he says . "  You have to understand what you are dealing with and a lot of people do n't understand what they 're dealing with , because there 's a lot of negativity that has jumped out on the internet and in the newspapers . " Biti , who inherited an economy battered by record hyperinflation and 90 % unemployment , says he does n't underestimate the political difficulties that still exist in the country and the uncertainty over the power-sharing agreement . "  I 'm not sweeping it under the carpet , which is why we need a new constitution , which is why we need the rule of law , which is why we need respect for each other , including respect for property rights , " he says . Last year , Biti 's efforts to improve Zimbabwe 's economy seemed to be given a boost when the country was allowed to sell diamonds from the Marange diamond fields , 66,000 hectares of land near Zimbabwe 's border with Mozambique . Overall , Zimbabwe says it has a stockpile of Marange diamonds estimated to be worth about $ 1.7 billion . But according to Biti , the precious stones have not yet proven to be the "  El Dorado that many people thought , " contributing only $ 35 million to the country 's coffers last year . "  Part of the problem lies in the illegal smuggling that we think is still happening , and part of the problem lies in the fact that we need the Kimberly Process stamp of approval , " says Biti , referring to the group which monitors trade in the precious stones to stop the use of blood diamonds to fuel conflicts . Zimbabwe 's harvest of diamonds in the Marange district has sparked controversy in recent years after accusations by groups such as Human Rights Watch and Global Witness that military-run syndicates were funneling money from the diamond fields to Mugabe 's party . But Biti says he has no evidence of that . "  What I can tell you is that this is such a fungible mineral found over a huge space of land , close to a very long border in a very inaccessible mountainous region , so anyone and anybody can smuggle , " he says . He adds , however , that there should be action to tackle the problem . "  We are not the first country to discover diamonds , which is why we want to be part of the Kimberly Process certification scheme , " he says . "  We believe we can comply , we believe we can operate consistent within the international standards . "	Tendai Biti has been leading Zimbabwe 's efforts to stabilize its economy He says investors can make good returns despite the country 's political problems According to the finance minister , an election in inevitable in Zimbabwe
CNN  -- As President Barack Obama and former Gov. Mitt Romney crisscrossed the country during the final week of the 2012 presidential campaign , few people were able to see the candidates in their most candid and unguarded moments , except for their personal photographers . Several weeks ago , CNN invited each campaign team to submit images from the last week of the race , from Friday , Oct. 26 through Saturday , Nov. 3 . Little did anyone know that the last week would be dominated not by last-minute stops in swing states or wall-to-wall speeches to rally the party faithful , but rather one story : Superstorm Sandy . Here are images , many provided exclusively to CNN by the Obama campaign and The White House , displayed in chronological order and shot by photographer Pete Souza . Souza , who is Chief Official White House photographer and Director of the White House Photography Office , has been at Obama 's side since before he was elected president in 2008 and was a White House photographer during Ronald Reagan 's second term . Click here to see a similar gallery from the Romney campaign .	CNN asked each campaign to submit photos from the final week before Election Day Pete Souza is President Barack Obama 's Chief Official White House photographer and was a White House photographer during Ronald Reagan 's second term Many of these photographs are exclusive to CNN
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Global warming concerns took center stage Monday as two organizations held rallies to draw attention to an issue that President Barack Obama has promised to place near the top of his agenda . Demonstrators stand outside the Capitol Power Plant in Washington on Monday to protest the plant 's use of coal . A group of young protesters gathered in front of the Capitol to rally on behalf of legislation to reduce carbon emissions , decrease dependence on coal and oil , and speed a national drive toward "  clean " energy . Later Monday , hundreds of representatives of a coalition of environmental , public health , social justice and other advocacy organizations marched around Capitol Hill and encircled a Washington coal-fired power plant to highlight the issue of climate change . The group , protesting the Capitol Power Plant 's use of coal , stood in front of the plant 's gated entrances . The plant powers the heating and cooling systems in the Capitol , as well as roughly a dozen other federal office buildings on Capitol Hill . "  The Capitol Power Plant , sitting just blocks from Capitol Hill , symbolizes the stranglehold coal has over our government and future , " the group said on its Web site . "  It 's not the largest or the dirtiest power plant in the country , but as the plant that is actually run by and for Congress it serves as an incredibly iconic symbol of what is wrong with our country 's energy and climate policy . " No arrests were made as a result of the protest , which "  did n't affect the operations of the power plant , " Capitol police Sgt. Kimberly Schneider said . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid released a letter Thursday calling for the plant to convert to 100 percent natural gas by the end of 2009 . "  Taking this major step toward cleaning up the Capitol Power Plant 's emissions would be an important demonstration of Congress ' willingness to deal with the enormous challenges of global warming , energy independence and our inefficient use of finite fossil fuels , " they wrote . Several members of Congress and environmental leaders addressed the earlier rally , which was held at the conclusion to Power Shift ' 09 , a four-day environmental summit organized by the Energy Action Coalition . The coalition describes itself as an umbrella organization of 700 groups fighting for "  clean energy solutions and the creation of a new green economy . " It 's time to "  turn up the political heat in Washington so we can turn down the heat on Mother Earth , " Rep. Chris Van Hollen , D-Maryland , told the crowd . "  The science tells us that the time for talking about this problem is over . The time for action is now . " The concept of "  clean coal " is a "  dirty lie , " added environmental activist Robert F. Kennedy . "  The most important thing you can do is not to change your light bulb but to change -LSB- members of Congress who have been -RSB- corrupted by ... dirty , filthy industry . " America needs to be freed from the "  carbon cronies , " who are part of the "  biggest threat to civilization , " Kennedy said .	Two protests on global warming issues hit Washington Group rallies for legislation to reduce carbon emissions , back "  clean " energy Separate group protests Capitol Power Plant 's use of coal Group : Plant "  symbolizes the stranglehold coal has over our government and future "
CNN  -- He 's still a teenager , but Wilfredo Vasquez has already seen plenty in his life . His story begins in Anamoros , a city in southeastern El Salvador . At 16 , alone , living in poverty , threatened by violent gangs in his neighborhood and practically abandoned by his parents , Vasquez decided to leave everything behind and migrate to the United States . "  If you did n't join the gangs , they would kill you , " Vasquez says , "  and I did n't want to join because I knew if I did it , I could die very soon . " By the time he left , he had managed to save $ 100 . Vasquez traveled by bus through Guatemala and crossed the Suchiate River illegally into Mexico . He then boarded a bus for the U.S. border . At one point , he says he was detained by Mexican soldiers and questioned . His Salvadoran accent betrayed him , but somehow he was let go . It took the teenager two weeks to get to the Texas border , eating at bus stations and sleeping wherever he could . Crossroads of hope and fear : Stories from a desert bus station With the help of older immigrants , Vasquez says he swam across the Rio Grande , reaching Texas and American soil for the first time . His only belongings were the clothes he was wearing and a few dollars in his pocket . He was detained by immigration authorities near Houston and sent to a detention center where he would spend three months before being released to the custody of a relative living in Georgia . Vasquez is now a permanent resident in the United States , thanks to a little-known immigration law that helps undocumented minors arriving alone in this country . The law , officially known as Special Immigrant Juvenile Status , was first enacted by Congress in 1990 . In 2008 , that law was expanded and reauthorized under new legislation . According to the Department of Homeland Security , "  the purpose of the SIJ program is to help foreign children in the United States who have been abused , abandoned , or neglected . " Minors who are approved can live and work permanently in the United States . White House to spend millions to curb undocumented children Rebeca Salmon is an immigration attorney and the executive director of Access to Law , an organization that provides low-cost legal services . Salmon says that applying for this immigration benefit is difficult because you have to prove your case at the state and federal level . "  Not every kid that applies gets to stay . Not every kid who enters can even apply . You have to be abandoned , abused and neglected . You have to be without your parents . There are minimum requirements , but then there 's also the rigorous process of immigration , so not every kid gets to stay , " Salmon said . Tens of thousands of unaccompanied minors have arrived to the United States this year , mainly from Central America . But Salmon says very few can actually qualify for this immigration benefit , unlike Vasquez , who was able to prove he was the victim of abuse , abandonment or neglect . "  If that 's the only message you get out through this , please make sure that 's clear . If you send your kids here or kids come on their own , you 're fleeing something in your country , every case is different and every case is difficult , " Salmon said . Daniel 's journey : How thousands of children are creating a crisis in America She estimates that only about 10 % of the estimated 60,000 children who have migrated to the United States in the last year alone are eligible for this immigration benefit , and of those , only a fraction can actually prove their case in court . The rest will be deported , she says . ' I did n't know I was undocumented ' Those minors who qualify under this provision of the law and get approval can obtain a green card , which allows them to stay in this country and have legal status in the United States . They can then apply for citizenship after five years of living here if they have not committed any crimes , have learned English and can demonstrate a basic level of knowledge of American history and government . Vasquez turned 18 earlier this year . He 's learning English in high school and getting good grades . "  My dream is to graduate from high school and then go to college because I want to be a doctor , " Vasquez said , quite an improvement for a young man whose goal as a child was merely to stay alive . Vargas : Undocumented and hiding in plain sight Opinion : Undocumented fed up with partisan politics Opinion : How we can help kids crossing at the border	The Special Immigrant Juvenile Status was first enacted by Congress in 1990 Wilfredo Vasquez , a teenager from El Salvador , has benefited from the law Living alone at 16 , he fled gang violence and intimidation Immigration attorney said it 's difficult for the children to make their case
CNN  -- Alan Alda almost died in 2003 . He was in a remote area of Chile , doing an episode of "  Scientific American Frontiers , " and he developed an intestinal obstruction that came within hours of killing him . It was his good fortune that he survived the whole ordeal . Alan Alda rummages through his life in his new book , "  Things I Overheard While Talking to Myself . " Some time later , after he 'd returned to the United States and resumed his acting career , he started digging through his house for old speeches and memorabilia . Decades ago , the existentialist philosophers brooded about life 's meaninglessness ; Alda wanted to find some meaning . "  As a lot of people do who are given a second chance at life , I find myself thinking about things like this , " he says in a phone interview from New York . "  I notice a lot of people who go through that have a few more questions than they had before about their lives . " It 's not like his life had been bad before he almost died . He 'd earned lasting fame as Hawkeye Pierce on "  M * A * S * H , " received a variety of awards and nominations  including Emmy wins and an Oscar nod  and established a long-lasting , happy marriage and family . But there 's nothing like escaping death to concentrate the mind wonderfully  to paraphrase Samuel Johnson  . So , in the spirit of the examined life , Alda has put his thoughts -- derived from commencement speeches , advice and life experiences -- into a book : "  Things I Overheard While Talking to Myself "  Random House  . "  What is my life adding up to ? " Alda asks rhetorically . "  I want to feel satisfied that I 'm spending the time well . " Slide show : Alda on some influences " It may seem like an odd pursuit for a man with so many honors , but Alda took the quest seriously . One theme that comes up over and over again is fear : "  It 's one of the ways I feel alive , " Alda says . That 's true for both his public speaking engagements and his acting roles , he adds . "  When you escape near disaster you feel great , so I set these little disasters up for myself . " There was the first time he played Hawkeye , for example . "  I was standing , waiting for the word ` action ' to come out of a building for the first shot of the show , " he recalls . But he 'd been rehearsing for days and was no closer to getting a handle on the character . In the end , he trusted his instincts . "  I just took a leap into it . ... Sometimes those leaps are the most valuable way to do it . " Alda does n't diminish the impact of others . He pays tribute to a number of people in the book , from his father -- a well-known stage actor -- to such figures as actor Ossie Davis , scientist Richard Feynman  whom Alda portrayed on stage  and manager Martin Bregman . One Alda story , about actor Bert Convy , is revealing in a number of ways . To many , Convy -- if remembered at all -- is thought of  often derisively  as a game show host  "  Tattletales "  or '70s TV guest star . But Convy was also a fine stage actor -- he starred in the original "  Fiddler on the Roof " on Broadway -- and , Alda remembers , showed courage during the violence of the 1968 Democratic convention in helping free some demonstrators . "  He was an unlikely hero of mine , because he really risked a lot one night in Chicago , " Alda says . "  He saved some people from possibly getting badly hurt , getting them out of jail . " And Convy , like some of Alda 's "  M * A * S * H " colleagues , is also an illustration of how performers get pigeonholed , a subject Alda has considered deeply . "  That 's what usually happens when you get well-known in one part ... which is why it really is fair for actors to get paid a lot of money on television , because it could be the last time you 'll see them . That one job for five or six years could turn out to be what their whole career is . " There are also the pitfalls of celebrity itself , the blurring of boundaries between public roles and private life . Alda 's been beseeched by troubled people , asked to give talks at medical schools and been stared at in restaurants . The attention , he admits , can be disconcerting . "  People were always curious about actors , " he says . "  But now it 's much more true . ... I think that 's partly because the need to sell papers and keep profits up have devalued things a little bit . " He tries to use his fame to his advantage . When talking to a group of budding doctors , he told them that just because he played a doctor on television did n't mean he knew something about medicine -- but he did know something about being a patient . And he 's used his interest in science to encourage others , primarily through hosting "  Scientific American Frontiers . " He loves science 's give and take -- its determination to not take hypotheses at face value -- and scientists ' pursuit of facts . He says he hopes others are similarly inspired . "  All of us depend on people being pretty rigorous about the way they see reality , and if we knew a little bit more about the way -LSB- scientists -RSB- work , I think we 'd be able to support them in some of the things they do that will benefit us , " he says . So , for all of his own rigor , did Alda come to any conclusions about the meaning of his life ? He pauses . "  I think I come to some odd conclusions that sort of bring me back to where I was in the beginning , " he says . He believes there 's more to that existential interpretation : "  I think that what they were constantly saying was that life is meaningless , except for the meaning you bring to it by the choices you make and the things you do . " With that , Alda wraps up the interview . He has an appointment , he says in passing : His granddaughter has some work on display in a photography exhibit , and he does n't want to miss it . And that , he does n't need to say , means the world . E-mail to a friend	Alan Alda had near-death experience in 2003 ; new book is search for meaning Book celebrates colleagues , examples they set Alda uses fear of certain challenges to motivate himself
Speaking out for the first time since nude pictures of her were leaked on the Internet , actress Scarlett Johansson defended the right to privacy , even for high-profile celebrities such as herself . Asking why protecting privacy is important is a redundant question , she told CNN 's David McKenzie . "  Who does n't want to protect their own privacy ? " she said . "  Just because you 're an actor or make films or whatever does n't mean you 're not entitled to your own personal privacy . If that is sieged in some way , it feels unjust . It feels wrong . ' Johansson sat down for an interview with CNN in Nairobi , Kenya , following a visit with the humanitarian group Oxfam to see first-hand the impact of the drought and famine that has hit the Horn of Africa . Her trip came after hackers allegedly stole nude photos from Johansson 's cell phone and posted them online earlier this month . The 26-year-old actress has never appeared fully nude in any of her films . She told CNN that she traveled to Kenya to highlight the depth of human suffering . The "  Lost in Translation " and "  Girl With a Pearl Earring " star has been an Oxfam ambassador since 2004 . "  What struck me the most is the fact that people are just surviving , " she said . "  They are in sort of a state of limbo . " She said she was touched by the harrowing stories of many of the people she met at refugee camps , including a woman who was forced to leave her handicapped child behind in her search for food . She said the world was increasingly becoming a smaller place and urged people to get involved with helping others . "  It feels just as wonderful to give as it does to receive , " she said .	"  Who does n't want to protect their own privacy ? " the actress asks Hackers allegedly stole nude photos from her phone and posted them online She was in Kenya as an Oxfam ambassador
CNN  -- When travel author Beth Whitman was in Vietnam , she witnessed a group of young American male travelers rough-housing in the streets outside of the Rex Hotel . Americans traveling to sites around the world like the Blue Mosque in Istanbul should be respectful . In their youthful , loud exuberance , they ended up ripping each other 's shirts as they horsed around . "  I thought to myself that those shirts probably cost maybe 20 , 30 , 40 dollars apiece , and here you are in a culture where the people may not be even making that much on a monthly basis . "  It 's that sort of thing , just not being aware how off-putting that can be to the local culture . " Such behavior , while seemingly harmless , can help to cement the moniker of "  the ugly American , " which came to refer to loud , rude and thoughtless behavior of U.S. citizens abroad . The term came about as a result of the book "  The Ugly American , " and more than 50 years after its publication , those from the United States continue to battle an image of arrogance and nationalism . Written by William J. Lederer and Eugene Burdick , the novel chronicled American foreign policy and diplomacy failures in a fictitious developing nation . In the book , the American ambassador to the country is portrayed as crude and inept . That enduring legacy has not been easy to shake , and even the U.S. president knows the score . During a recent trek to Turkey , President Obama said in his remarks at the Tophane Cultural Center in Istanbul that he knows the "  stereotypes of the United States are out there . " "  Sometimes it suggests that America has become selfish and crass , or that we do n't care about the world beyond us , " he said . "  And I 'm here to tell you that that 's not the country that I know and it 's not the country that I love . " Whitman , the author of the "  Wanderlust and Lipstick " guides and publisher of "  Traveling with Kids , " often gives lectures and workshops -- many geared toward female travelers -- and speaks on the importance of Americans being stellar representatives of their homeland while abroad . "  It 's about being respectful of the country and the culture , treating the people respectfully and not flashing around your money and your material possessions , " Whitman said . "  It 's up to every individual to be that ambassador and portray their country well . " Author Ann Hulbert wrote a piece for The New York Times Magazine a few years ago about her desire not to be mistaken for an ugly American when her family traveled to Istanbul and the Turkish coast . Hulbert took the step of vetoing one of her teenage son 's T-shirts , worried that the message on it , "  The Fighting Quakers . Beat them 'til they reach consensus , " might be misunderstood in the Muslim country . "  I think that when you are a big and powerful country , it 's easy for the rest of the world to feel that you do n't deal with the kind of consideration and humility that other people do , " said Hulbert , who researches the areas she visits prior to her trips . iReport.com : Ever been to the Netherlands ? Share your travel pics Christopher P. Baker , who is a Cuba travel expert and award-winning author of the best-selling guidebook "  Moon Cuba , " said he has concerns about what will happen if and when travel restrictions are completely lifted from that country . He recalled two years ago when he was reviewing one of Havana 's first five-star hotels that had just opened . Standing in the lobby with one of the hotel 's executives , he witnessed a man , dripping wet from the pool and wrapped in a towel , emerge from the elevator . The man walked through the bar , down the stairs and into the marble lobby just as the staff tried to intercept him , Baker said . "  I heard them say , ` We do n't allow guests in the lobby dressed this way , ' and the man said , ` Yeah , I know ' in this deep American brogue , " Baker said . "  Behavior like that is not necessarily common to Americans , but it 's the type of thing that can give Americans a bad name . " Manners and lifestyle expert Thomas P. Farley runs the site What Manners Most and said Americans tend to be seen as free-spirited and not nearly as guarded as natives of some of the other countries -- as evidenced most recently by first lady Michelle Obama putting her arm around Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II . "  That 's something that maybe sent shivers up the spine of a lot Britons , but in the final analysis , people really looked at that as a nice gesture and something very American to do , " said Farley , who added that travelers should be as respectful in other countries as they would be if they were in someone else 's home . The Obamas may actually be aiding in changing the perception themselves . Travel writer Beth Whitman said the mere election of President Obama has helped to improve America 's reputation worldwide . "  It helped to change how we are viewed , but the real key is the behavior once a person arrives in a country , " Whitman said . "  Some of -LSB- the ugly American perception -RSB- will exist no matter who is in office , and that 's why everyone has to take responsibility for being the very best representative of their country that they can . "	Decades after the publication of "  The Ugly American , " the perception persists President Obama spoke of perception of Americans as "  selfish and crass " Travel expert urges visitors to be "  respectful of the country and the culture " Election of Obama may be helping change America 's reputation abroad
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe slashed 12 zeros from its currency as hyperinflation continued to erode its value , the country 's central bank announced Monday . Patrick Chinamasa , Zimbabwe 's acting finance minister , arrives last week at Parliament to present the '09 budget . "  Even in the face of current economic and political challenges confronting the economy , the Zimbabwe dollar ought to and must remain the nation 's currency , so as to safeguard our national identity and sovereignty . ... Our national currency is a fundamental economic pillar of our sovereignty , " said Gideon Gono , governor of the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe . "  Accordingly , therefore , this monetary policy statement unveils yet another necessary program of revaluing our local currency , through the removal of 12 zeros with immediate effect . " The move means that 1 trillion in Zimbabwe dollars now will be equivalent to one Zimbabwe dollar . The old notes -- with the highest being 100 trillion dollars -- not enough to buy a loaf of bread -- will remain valid until June 30 , after which they will cease to be legal tender . One U.S. dollar is trading above 300 trillion Zimbabwe dollars . This third attempt to lop off zeros comes barely six months after the Zimbabwe government last adjusted its currency as it continues to lose value . World-record inflation estimated to be in the billions of percent -- but officially at 231 million percent as of July last year -- has quickly eroded the currency 's value again and again . The highest note on the new set is 500 Zimbabwe dollars . Many Zimbabwean traders have stopped accepting the local currency , preferring foreign currency due to the hyperinflationary environment . Last week , the country 's acting finance minister , Patrick Chinamasa , allowed the use of foreign currency by everyone else . Despite the use of foreign currency , the Zimbabwe dollars are in acute shortage , resulting in many people sleeping outside their banks hoping to get money the following day . Regarding the cash shortages , Gono blamed Germany for dropping a contract that helped the country print money . "  The country has suffered bouts of cash shortages , which have disadvantaged both the corporate and household sectors , " he said . "  As a country , we have come to terms with this stubborn reality that we were put under economic sanctions by Germany , which unilaterally cut a 50-year-old contract to supply us with currency printing paper , machinery , spare parts and inks without notice in July last year . "	One trillion in Zimbabwe dollars now will be equivalent to one Zimbabwe dollar Zimbabwe 's inflation rate officially at 231 million percent as of last July Many Zimbabwean traders have stopped accepting local currency Acting finance minister recently allowed all Zimbabweans to use foreign currency
Moscow  CNN  Russian President Vladimir Putin appeared in a series of photos released by the Kremlin on Friday after a week in which canceled engagements led to speculation over his health . The three images showed Putin meeting with the head of the Supreme Court in Moscow on Friday , the Kremlin said . State broadcaster Russia 24 also aired video footage of the meeting . CNN can not independently confirm that the meeting took place as stated . Presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov sought to quell the rumors of ill health on Thursday , joking that they were down to "  spring fever , " Russia 's state-run Tass news agency reported . "  When the sun comes up in spring , and as soon as spring is in the air , then the fever begins , " Peskov said . "  Someone dreams of  Rosneft CEO Igor  Sechin resignation , others -- of government resignation , while others have not seen President Putin on TV for several days , " he said , according to Tass . "  We are calm on this fever , and respond to the questions with patience , " Peskov said . Speaking to Russian radio station Echo of Moscow , Peskov also urged people not to worry , saying that Putin was "  absolutely " healthy . Asked if the President 's handshake was firm , he replied that Putin "  can break a hand . " Last fall , rumors also circulated about the health of North Korea 's leader , Kim Jong Un , after he was absent from the public eye for more than a month . He eventually reappeared , with North Korean state media releasing photographs of him walking with a cane . The speculation about Putin began after a planned meeting in the Kazakh capital , Astana , between the Russian leader and the presidents of Kazakhstan and Belarus was postponed at short notice . Peskov confirmed Wednesday that the leaders had agreed to delay it for several days but did not give a new date , Tass said . The Kremlin press office said Friday that Putin would meet Monday with his Kyrgyz counterpart , Almazbek Atambayev , in the Russian city of St. Petersburg , Tass said . Putin 's last public appearance was Sunday , on International Women 's Day . Since then , he has had a number of meetings , but no video was released , only stills uploaded to the Kremlin 's website . In the course of his many years in power , Putin has cultivated the image of a strong and vigorous leader . His exploits , captured on film and released to the media , have included riding horses while shirtless , exploring the seafloor in a submersible , handling a tranquilized tiger and , just last year , earning a karate black belt . The Russian President has been in the international spotlight in recent months after Moscow 's intervention in Ukraine , which has prompted heightened tensions with the West . Opinion : Why has Putin gone missing ? CNN 's Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London .	Kremlin releases images of a meeting it says President Vladimir Putin held Friday Putin spokesman dismisses rumors of ill health sparked by Putin 's cancellation of planned talks
CNN  -- Over 1.8 million gallons of dispersant chemicals have been added to the Gulf of Mexico to break up oil flowing from the Deepwater Horizon 's ruptured well . And in the 100 days since the rig 's explosion , little more has become known about the effects of those chemicals . In May , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and U.S. Coast Guard directed BP to use a less toxic dispersant than the one it was putting into the Gulf , Corexit 9500 . When the company did not comply , EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson announced that the EPA would run its own toxicity tests , the first round of which focused on Corexit 9500 and seven other common , readily available dispersants from the agency 's approved list . The tests showed Corexit to be slightly less toxic than the manufacturer 's data had indicated , so no new orders were issued . "  We need more data before we decide whether to change dispersants , " said Paul T. Anastas , the EPA 's assistant administrator for research and development . "  Our ultimate goal in all of this is to reach a point where dispersants are no longer necessary . " Scientists say questions remain about the effects of dispersants , in particular the more subtle consequences . "  The only effect that 's being looked -LSB- in acute toxicity tests -RSB- at is death , lethality . That is a place that testing often starts because you want to know what concentration of the chemical will kill fish or other organisms , " said Richard Denison , senior scientist at the Environmental Defense Fund . "  But what 's much more relevant in predicting the full effects of the use of dispersants and dispersed oil are the more subtle effects -- that are sublethal , that may affect growth and reproduction . " Those sublethal effects may cause a population to diminish without necessarily killing organisms . Larvae and eggs are most at risk because they are more sensitive and less mobile . As for human health , scientists say much more needs to be learned about dispersants -- their behavior with oil , chemical ingredients , chronic and delayed effects -- to understand the risks . There are two types of potential exposures for humans , according to scientists : direct  by inhalation , ingestion or absorption through the skin  and indirect  by eating seafood  . According to toxicologist Dr. LuAnn White of Tulane University , the risk to most humans is very low because the oil-dispersant mixture dilutes quickly and does not build up in the food chain . Some scientists disagree over dispersants ' ability to break down the oil faster than it would naturally decompose . "  The conventional wisdom is that by breaking up oil into small droplets , it may be more easily biodegraded . That is not firmly established . In fact , there are conflicting data , " said Denison . "  Some studies suggest that the rate of degradation of PAHs -LSB- polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons , a breakdown product of oil -RSB- is actually impeded by dispersants . " Another unknown is whether the chemical constituents of oil are more or less likely to persist in the food chain . "  The problem has been that we have simply not required the answers to those questions . The fact that they are being asked now , and we do n't have answers , is of particular concern given the magnitude and scale of use of dispersant . " According to Denison , more information is needed in order "  to be able to intelligently answer questions of whether we should still be using the dispersants . " "  I am not of the view that -LSB- dispersant -RSB- should or should not be used . I do n't think we have enough data to answer those questions very well , and I 'm hoping that this tragedy will spur us to answer those questions so we 'll have enough information next time . "	EPA tested toxicity levels of eight common , readily available dispersants Some scientists disagree over dispersants ' ability to break down the oil faster Subtle effects of oil on marine life , environment still not known
CNN  -- Archaeologists believe they have unearthed only a small fraction of Egypt 's ancient ruins , but they 're making new discoveries with help from high-tech allies -- satellites that peer into the past from the distance of space . The enclosure wall of the Great Aten temple in Egypt , as seen from the QuickBird satellite . "  Everyone 's becoming more aware of this technology and what it can do , " said Sarah Parcak , an archaeologist who heads the Laboratory for Global Health at the University of Alabama at Birmingham . "  There is so much to learn . " Images from space have been around for decades . Yet only in the past decade or so has the resolution of images from commercial satellites sharpened enough to be of much use to archaeologists . Today , scientists can use them to locate ruins -- some no bigger than a small living room -- in some of the most remote and forbidding places on the planet . In this field , Parcak is a pioneer . Her work in Egypt has yielded hundreds of finds in regions of the Middle Egypt and the eastern Nile River Delta . Parcak conducted surveys and expeditions in the eastern Nile Delta and Middle Egypt in 2003 and 2004 that confirmed 132 sites that were initially suggested by satellite images . Eighty-three of those sites had never been visited or recorded . In the past two years , she has found hundreds more , she said , leading her to amend an earlier conclusion that Egyptologists have found only the tip of the iceberg . "  My estimate of 1/100th of 1 percent of all sites found is on the high side , " Parcak said . These discoveries are of no small significance to the Egyptian government , which has devoted itself anew to protecting archaeological sites from plunder and encroachment . The Supreme Council of Antiquities has restricted excavation in the most sensitive areas along the Nile -- from the Great Pyramids at Giza on the outskirts of Cairo to the carvings of Ramses II in the remote south . Antiquities officials hope the move will encourage more surveys in the eastern Nile Delta in northern Egypt , Parcak said , where encroaching development in the burgeoning nation of 82 million poses the greatest threat to the sites . Old and modern methods Parcak 's process weds modern tools with old-fashioned grunt work . The archaeologist studies satellite images stored on a NASA database and plugs in global positioning coordinates for suspected sites , then tramps out to see them . Telltale signs such as raised elevations and pot shards can confirm the images . As a result , the big picture comes into view . "  We can see patterns in settlements that correspond to the -LSB- historical -RSB- texts , " Parcak said , "  such as if foreign invasions affected the occupation of ancient sites . "  We can see where the Romans built over what the Egyptians had built , and where the Coptic Christians built over what the Romans had built . "  It 's an incredible continuity of occupation and reuse . " The flooding and meanders of the Nile over the millennia dictated where and how ancient Egyptians lived , and the profusion of new data has built a more precise picture of how that worked . "  Surveys give us information about broader ancient settlement patterns , such as patterns of city growth and collapse over time , that excavations do not , " said Parcak , author of a forthcoming book titled "  Satellite Remote Sensing and Archaeology . " The vagaries of climate in the region make satellite technology advantageous , too . "  Certain plants that may indicate sites grow during certain times of the year , " Parcak said , "  while sites may only appear during a wet or dry season . This is different everywhere in the world . " Archaeologists working in much more verdant climates , such as Cambodia and Guatemala , also have used the technology to divine locations of undiscovered ruins . They have been able to see similarities between the vegetation at known sites and suspected sites that showed up in fine infrared and ultraviolet images covering wide areas of forbidding terrain . "  For the work I do -LSB- in Egypt -RSB- , I need wet season images as wet soil does a better job at detecting sites with the satellite imagery data I use , " Parcak said . "  I can pick the exact months I need with the NASA satellite datasets . " Benefits of a bird 's - eye view Remote subsurface sensing has been used in archaeology in one form or another for years , though the term "  remote " does n't necessarily imply great distance . Typically , a surveyor has wheeled a sensing device over a marked-out area to determine what lies below . The sensing devices employ any of an array of technologies , such as Ground Penetrating Radar . They bounce signals off objects below the surface and translate the data into images that a scientist 's trained eye can decipher . Multispectral imaging encompasses technologies that "  see " what the human eye ca n't , such as infrared and ultraviolet radiation . Scientists have used it for years to study the Earth 's surface for a variety of purposes . Until resolution of these images improved , though , the only way to produce a sharp image was to be relatively close to the ground . For those lugging unwieldy gear across jungle and desert , an effective bird 's - eye view can change the world . It lets them leave behind the days and days of meticulous "  prospecting " and get results from airplane-mounted sensors or , later on , a flyover by an advanced satellite . One of the most advanced is called QuickBird , which has been in orbit since 2001 and can provide high-resolution images of 11-mile-wide swaths . The satellite can collect nearly 29 million square miles of imagery data in a year , according to DigitalGlobe , which developed and operates QuickBird . The company , based in Longmont , Colorado , is working on an upgrade . WorldView-2 , to be launched in 2009 , will offer sharper resolution of visual and multispectral images than QuickBird , according to the company 's Web site . In the end , though , a tool is only as useful as its wielder . "  Most of the advances have come through processing on the ground by end users such as Dr. Parcak , " said DigitalGlobe spokesman Chuck Herring .	Sharper resolutions allowing scientists to use satellites to locate ruins sites Pictures from commercial satellites have been sharp enough only for past decade Images have helped archaeologist Sarah Parcak find hundreds of Egyptian sites Colorado company 's new , advanced imaging satellite to be launched in 2009
CNN  -- The United States is offering millions of dollars for the whereabouts of seven key members of the al Qaeda-linked al-Shabaab , a Somalia-based terror group behind bombings and attacks in the region . The announcement posted on the website of the U.S. State Department 's Rewards for Justice program offers $ 7 million for information on the location of Ahmed Abdi Aw-Mohamed , the founder of al-Shabaab . In announcing the bounties on Mohamed and his key associates Thursday , the State Department called al-Shabaab "  a threat to the stability of East Africa and to the national security interests of the United States . " Kenyan forces take Somali town from militants This year , he and al Qaeda 's leader , Ayman al-Zawahiri , released a joint video formally announcing a merger between the terror groups . The announcement of the bounties follows U.S. strikes that have taken out key al Qaeda leaders , including this week 's killing of Abu Yahya al-Libi -- considered the longtime public face of the group . Last year , a U.S. drone strike killed Anwar al-Awlaki and al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden was shot to death by U.S. commandos . Al-Shabaab , which has battled Somalia 's weak transitional government since 2007 , controls much of southern Somalia and is active around the capital city of Mogadishu . The U.S. listed it as a terror organization in 2008 . "  The group is responsible for the killing of thousands of Somali civilians , Somali peace activists , international aid workers , journalists and African Union peacekeepers , " the State Department said . Kenyan blast injures 28 ; authorities disagree on cause The State Department is also offering up to $ 5 million each for information leading to the location of four of Aw-Mohamed 's associates , who make up his inner circle : Ibrahim Haji Jama , Fuad Mohamed Khalaf , Bashir Mohamed Mahamoud , and Mukhtar Robow , who acts as the group 's spokesman and spiritual leader . In addition , it is offering up to $ 3 million each for two of the terror group 's other leaders : Zakariya Ismail Ahmed Hersi and Abdullahi Yare . Al-Shabaab 's reach extends beyond Somalia 's borders . It claimed responsibility for 2010 suicide bombings that killed more than 70 people in Uganda and threatened attacks against U.S. , Kenyan and Burundian interests in the region . Mohamed is considered al-Shabaab 's operational commander in Somalia and is believed to have been born July 10 , 1977 , in the Somali city of Hargeisa . Somali , AU troops target militant stronghold Among Mohamed 's inner circle targeted is Jama , described by the State Department as a senior leader . He sometimes uses the alias al-Afghani , which translates as "  the Afghan , " a nickname he was given because he fought in Afghanistan for several years . Khalaf is considered the group 's leading fundraiser , while Mahamoud is a described as a military commander , according to the Rewards for Justice site . Hersi , according to the website , is the group 's head of intelligence and Yare is the head of its media operations . The Rewards for Justice program was established in 1984 and has paid some $ 100 million to more than 70 people for information about terrorists . Rewards go as high as $ 25 million for information on al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri . The State Department calls the program "  one of the most valuable assets the U.S. government has in the fight against international terrorism . "	The United States is offering $ 7 million for the whereabouts of al-Shabaab 's founder The State Department calls the terror group "  a threat to stability " Rewards are also offered for six of his associates
Sydney , Australia  CNN  -- Rising floodwaters cut off the last ground route into the eastern Australian city of Rockhampton on Monday , as police pegged the number of people affected by prolonged flooding at 200,000 . Flooding also put increasing pressure on the southern Queensland cities of St. George and Surat , even as floodwaters receded in the communities farther to the north , including Emerald . Police said ten people have died as a result of flooding since November 30 . The latest fatality involved an occupant of a car that tried to cross flooded ground between Muttaburra and Aramac in western Queensland , according to police . Police have not recovered the man 's body , but they presume he drowned after the car was swept away by swift waters Sunday . Two other people in the car were rescued unharmed . Police , emergency services and military crews continued working to resupply Rockhampton and other communities with supplies , even after the last road leading into the town succumbed to flooding , acting Assistant Police Commissioner Alistair Dawson said . Although the regional airport is flooded , helicopters ferrying supplies are landing on a dry portion of runway . Resupplying the city of 75,000 is crucial , he said . "  We think that Rockhampton could be isolated probably for anywhere along about a week or so , " he said . The airport , which closed Sunday , is expected to remain closed for weeks , according to Emergency Management Queensland . The seasonal flooding afflicting Queensland intensified about a week ago after monsoon rains caused rivers to spill their banks and reach record levels . Forecasters said it could be days before conditions improve . Water levels were expected to crest at 9.4 meters  31 feet  in Rockhampton on Wednesday , CNN meteorologist Ivan Cabrera said . In Emerald , north and west of the current flooding threat , waters have begun to recede even though thousands of homes still have floodwater nearby , Dawson said . "  It 's a slow journey for these people , and it 's a heartbreaking journey , " Dawson said . Dawson warned residents who have been allowed to return to their homes about placing valuables outside to dry , saying some people could be tempted to take such items . He also warned would-be thieves against such acts , noting additional police have been deployed to affected communities . Dawson also warned people not to drive through flooded communities , saying that could produce waves that could push water into homes that have so far escaped interior damage . Emergency officials said they are working with their counterparts in other Australian states to bring in crews to assist with the flooding and relieve Queensland employees and volunteers fatigued by days of working the floods . Prime Minister Julia Gillard urged residents to stay away from floodwaters . On Friday she toured the devastation and said the flooding in Queensland will cost "  hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars . " Journalists Sarah Wiley and Michael Best contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say 10 people have died in flooding since November 30 Police : City of 75,000 now cut off by floodwaters Forecasters expect water levels will crest on Wednesday Australian prime minister says damages could cost "  hundreds of millions of dollars "
CNN  -- The FBI is investigating an arson fire at the Chinese consulate in San Francisco , an incident that has China 's diplomats calling on the United States Thursday to "  take all measures to provide adequate protection . " There is no indication the fire was an act of terrorism , FBI spokesman Peter Lee said . According to a statement released by the consulate , footage from surveillance cameras shows the fire began Wednesday night after a person emerged from a parked mini-van , poured two buckets of gasoline on the front door of the consulate and ignited it . "  We strongly condemn this despicable attack , " Wang Chuan , the consulate spokesman , told reporters during a news briefing outside the consulate . "  We urge the U.S. side to take all necessary measures to provide adequate protection for Chinese consular personnel and properties . " Chuan characterized the fire as a "  violent crime " that not only targeted the consulate but also its employees and residents living nearby . There were no injuries reported in the fire , though a small number of employees were in the building when it began , Chuan told CNN affiliate KGO . Surveillance video obtained exclusively by CNN affiliate KTVU appears to show a person standing in front of the consulate . Then seconds later on the grainy video , there is a ball of fire that erupts in front of the building , and the person can be seen walking to vehicle parked only a few feet away . The vehicle then drives off . There have been no claims of responsibility for the attack , and the United States is not aware of a specific threat made against the consulate , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . "  We take this incident very seriously , " Harf said , adding that the United States is "  deeply concerned " about the reported attack . CNN 's Evan Perez and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : Video obtained by KTVU shows a ball of fire erupting in front of the consulate Video shows a person throwing what appears to be buckets of gasoline , consulate officials say No injuries have been reported "  We strongly condemn this despicable attack , " Wang Chuan , the consulate spokesman , said
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday authorized additional troops be deployed to Iraq to protect American diplomatic facilities and personnel in Baghdad . The 350 troops are being sent at the request of the U.S. Department of State to beef up security , an appeal that comes as the violence mounts as Iraqi security forces battle ISIS fighters and their Sunni militant allies . "  The request he approved today will allow some previously deployed military personnel to depart Iraq , while at the same time providing a more robust , sustainable security force for our personnel and facilities in Baghdad , " according to a statement released by the White House . The new troops will bring the number of American troops in Iraq to well over 1,000 , with most serving either as diplomatic security or military advisers to Iraq 's security forces . Even as the Pentagon and the White House stressed the new troops were not being sent to Iraq in a combat role , they will be arriving at a critical time . Iraqi forces , aided by U.S. military airstrikes , have begun to make gains against ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State . Obama : ISIS killers will not intimidate U.S. U.S. airstrikes hit ISIS targets The strikes destroyed or damaged what the Pentagon described as 16 ISIS armed vehicles near the Mosul Dam , which was retaken last month by Iraqi and Kurdish forces . Obama authorized targeted airstrikes last month to protect U.S. personnel in Iraq -- including military advisers -- as well as minorities being brutalized by ISIS . The additional U.S. troops will include "  a headquarters element , medical personnel , associated helicopters and an air liaison team and helicopter crews , " Pentagon Press Secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said . "  This action was taken at the recommendation of the Department of Defense after an extensive interagency review and is part of the President 's commitment to protect our personnel and facilities in Iraq as we continue to support the government of Iraq in its fight " against ISIS . Families of missing soldiers demand answers Even as the United States beefed up its own security at the Embassy , the families of missing Iraqi security force members stormed Parliament on Tuesday to demand answers about the fate of their loved ones . More than 100 family members clashed with security before entering the building , located in the International Zone , commonly known as the Green Zone . They vandalized the interior and became aggressive with people inside , , a parliamentary official told CNN . They are refusing to leave until their concerns are addressed . The families are angry over the lack of information about the victims of an alleged massacre of Iraqi forces and cadets near Tikrit , when a military base formerly known as Camp Speicher was overrun by ISIS in June . In recent weeks , family members of the recruits have been protesting outside the International Zone . Some have met with lawmakers . They want the bodies of their sons returned to them for burial , and they want the missing to be brought back . The killings at Camp Speicher are among the worst atrocities claimed by ISIS in Iraq . The group , which refers to itself as the "  Islamic State , " said it killed 1,700 Iraqi forces , but no official figures have been released . A senior health official told CNN at the time that more than 1,000 families have registered that they had sons at the camp . MAPS : Where do jihadis come from ? Jomana Karadsheh reported from Baghdad , and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama approves request for more U.S. troops in Baghdad , White House says Scores storm the Iraqi parliament building Families want to know the whereabouts of loved ones after a June ISIS attack near Tikrit ISIS overran a base formerly known as Camp Speicher and says it killed 1,700 Iraqi forces
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  -- An explosion near a bank killed at least 10 people in northeastern Nigeria on Friday , witnesses and rescue volunteers said . People were lined up at an ATM outside a bank on the outskirts of the town of Azare when the explosion happened , witnesses said . Cleric : 21 die in blast at Shiite ceremony , Nigeria military attack Several other people were injured . The witnesses said the blast appeared to have come from a plastic bag near the bank . Comments from police about what caused the explosion were n't immediately available , and there was no immediate claim of responsibility . Azare has been the site of previous attacks by the Islamist militant group Boko Haram , which has waged an insurgency in northeastern Nigeria for five years in a campaign to impose its strict version of Sharia , or Islamic law . Was Nigeria 's government hoodwinked over Boko Haram ` truce ' ? Journalist Aminu Abubakar reported from Kano , Nigeria . CNN 's Jason Hanna wrote in Atlanta .	Witnesses : Blast happened as people waited to use an ATM outside a bank in Azare , Nigeria There has been no immediate claim of responsibility Witnesses say the explosion appeared to have come from a plastic bag
A New Jersey judge rejected the state 's appeal to halt same-sex marriages on Thursday , clearing the way for couples to marry later this month . Superior Court Judge Mary Jacobson denied the state 's motion to stay her September 27 ruling that civil unions were insufficient because they hindered federal benefits . In that ruling , Jacobson cited the U.S. Supreme Court 's June rejection of part of the federal Defense of Marriage Act , a move that ensured that same-sex spouses legally married in a state may receive federal benefits . The state argued in its appeal that it already provides equal marital rights and benefits to same-sex couples in New Jersey with civil unions , saying any federal benefits or rights deprived to partners in civil unions fall on the shoulders of the federal government , not theirs . But in her ruling on Thursday , Jacobson said the inability for partners in civil unions to access federal marriage benefits violates New Jersey 's constitution . Same-sex couples will be able to wed beginning October 21 . However , the state will seek a stay of the ruling from an appellate court , said Lee Moore , a spokesman for the state Attorney General 's Office . Lee said the state will continue to seek an expedited review of the case by the New Jersey Supreme Court . "  This is a historic moment for all loving and committed couples in New Jersey , " said Mike Premo of New Jersey United For Marriage . "  The fact that those who have waited so long for this moment can get married in just 11 days is truly amazing and something to be celebrated . " New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's office , which said after the September 27 ruling that it had wanted the "  issue of marriage equality " to be on the ballot this November , " declined any new comment on Thursday . Aides referred CNN to Christie 's remarks from the gubernatorial debate this week . "  I do n't think  the issue  should be decided by 121 politicians in Trenton or seven judges on the Supreme Court , " Christie said in his debate against Democratic State Sen. Barbara Buono . "  It should be decided by the 8.8 million people of New Jersey , and if they do decide to change the definition of marriage by referendum then I will support that law and enforce that part of the constitution with the same vigor that I 've done for the last four years with every other part . "	Judge upholds her September ruling on same-sex marriage Civil unions are allowed in New Jersey for same-sex couples Judge says that 's not enough to allow couples federal benefits
CNN  -- A lock break occurred on the Ohio River near Warsaw , Kentucky , on Sunday , stopping barge traffic for several hours as the Army Corps of Engineers investigated . The lock break stopped traffic on the Ohio River about 65 miles northeast of Louisville , Kentucky . The incident involved structures , and there were no reports of injuries . All traffic on the river was stopped in both directions at about 9 a.m. ET , Corps spokesman Todd Hornback said . By 8 p.m. , an auxiliary lock was set up to start allowing the half-dozen blocked barges through . "  It 's going to take more time , but we 're keeping the river open tonight , " Hornback said . The river is a major artery for commodities shipping , with more than 50 million tons of cargo passing through the affected area annually , according to a waterways organization . It was not known what caused the break at the Markland Locks and Dam . Engineers were going to the site , about 65 miles northeast of Louisville , Kentucky , Hornback said . The lock 's gates are 1,200 feet long and 110 feet wide . A smaller auxiliary lock is 600 feet long and 110 feet wide . Watch traffic backed up on Ohio River " A lock is a section of a waterway , such as a river , that is closed off with gates . Vessels in transit enter the lock and the water level is raised or lowered in order to raise or lower the vessel to adjust to elevation changes . One of the broken portions is known as a miter gate , Hornback said . The Corps of Engineers , on its Web site , says a miter gate "  has two leaves that provide a closure at one end of the lock . " They are so named because the two leaves meet at an angle pointing upstream and resembling a miter joint , the Web site said , referring to a joint meeting at a 45-degree angle , such as the corner of a picture frame . A public policy organization , in a February 2008 report , graded the locks ' performance as a D , "  based primarily upon risk of failure due to unreliability of miter gates . " The federal government allocated $ 10.6 million to install new chamber miter gates , according to Waterways Council Inc. , which describes itself as an organization "  advocating a modern and well-maintained national system of ports and inland waterways . " Hornback said the work was scheduled for 2011 , adding that it 's unclear whether Sunday 's break will speed that up . "  The risk is very high that a failure of the lock gates will occur , forcing traffic through the auxiliary lock for an extended period , causing huge delays and costs to the towing industry , " the council said in the report last year . Engineers hope to have the river back open as soon as possible , Hornback said , but an exact time frame was not known . Some 55 million tons of commodities pass through the Markland Locks each year , according to the Waterways Council . The principal commodity passing through Markland is coal , which fuels numerous electric power plants along the Ohio River , and those plants typically stockpile only about a 30-day supply , the council said .	NEW : Auxiliary lock used to relieve blocked river traffic Lock broke Sunday morning ; cause not known , Army Corps of Engineers says Break happened about 65 miles northeast of Louisville , Kentucky In locks , vessels are raised or lowered to match elevation ahead
CNN  -- A Florida judge revoked bond Friday for George Zimmerman , who is charged with second-degree murder in the death of Trayvon Martin . Seminole County Circuit Judge Kenneth Lester Jr. ordered Zimmerman to surrender to the county sheriff no later than Sunday afternoon . Lester accused Zimmerman of having misrepresented how much money he had when his bond was originally set in April . Prosecutors say he had $ 135,000 at the time Zimmerman 's wife , Shellie , told the court , under oath , that they were indigent . The prosecution cited as evidence recorded telephone conversations that Zimmerman had with his wife prior to the hearing . The conversations were recorded while Zimmerman was being held in the Seminole County Jail after being charged with second-degree murder on April 11 . He has pleaded not guilty and has been free on bail . Martin , 17 , was fatally shot February 26 while walking in a Sanford , Florida , neighborhood where he was staying during a visit with his father . Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , told police he shot the teenager in self-defense . "  The defense , through Mrs. Zimmerman , lied to this court about the amount of money that they had , " said trial prosecutor Bernie de la Rionda . "  I do n't know what words to use other than it was a blatant lie . " Outside the courthouse , a lawyer for the family of Martin said Friday 's decision is significant . "  Judge Lester 's finding that George Zimmerman was dishonest is very important because his credibility is the most important thing in this entire case , " Benjamin Crump told reporters . The killing spurred protests among people who criticized police handling of the investigation and said Martin , who was unarmed and carrying a bag of Skittles and an Arizona Iced Tea at the time he was killed , was racially profiled . The teen was African-American ; Zimmerman is Hispanic . In court documents , State Attorney Angela B. Corey also said that Zimmerman had two passports , and the passport that he surrendered to the court at the April hearing was one that Zimmerman had reported stolen on March 8 , 2004 . That passport was valid until May 2012 , Corey said . Zimmerman was issued a second passport on March 26 , 2004 , and that one is valid until 2014 , she said . The prosecutor asked the court that Zimmerman be ordered to surrender the second passport to authorities . But Lester appeared to accept the explanation from Zimmerman 's lawyer that his client had given him the second passport , and the lawyer simply forgot to hand it over to authorities until Friday . Regarding Zimmerman 's finances , Corey alleged that in the recorded phone calls in April the couple "  spoke in code to hide what they were doing " regarding the money in a credit union account belonging to the couple . The money was apparently donated by members of the public to Zimmerman 's website . Zimmerman "  fully controlled and participated in the transfer of money from the PayPal account to defendant and his wife 's credit union accounts , " Corey said in court records . "  This occurred prior to the time defendant was arguing to the court that he was indigent and his wife had no money . " In late April , Zimmerman 's attorney , Mark O'Mara , said that the money raised by the website was put into a trust account that the attorney controls . But Corey stated Friday in the court documents : "  The money still belongs to defendant and he can demand it at any time . " Court papers provided a partial transcript of a phone call allegedly showing the code used by Zimmerman and his wife on April 16 : Zimmerman : "  In my account do I have at least $ 100 ? " His wife : "  No . " Zimmerman : "  How close am I ? " His wife : "  $ 8 . $ 8.60 . " Zimmerman : "  Really . So total everything how much are we looking at ? " His wife : "  Like $ 155 . " The prosecutor said the judge "  relied on false representations and statements " by Zimmerman and his wife when the court set his bond at $ 150,000 . He was required to post only 10 % of that . Corey argued that the court should revoke the bond or increase it "  substantially . " Lester appeared angry that the court had not been told about the money . "  Does your client get to sit there like a potted palm and let you lead me down the primrose path ? " he asked Zimmerman 's lawyer . "  That 's the issue . " O'Mara told CNN on Friday night that he had discussed the judge 's decision with Zimmerman , who was not in court on Friday . "  He 's frustrated because he now has to come out of hiding , " O'Mara told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  You need to realize we 're still talking about a 28-year-old who 's being charged with a crime he does not believe he committed , and his whole life has been turned upside down , so I think that it all needs to be kept in context . " O'Mara added that he hoped the judge 's revocation of bond would be temporary . "  We 're going to have a conversation with the judge to try to explain it away . Hopefully , that will be worthwhile and we 're going to get back out on bond . " Meanwhile , Zimmerman 's defense team and prosecutors were both on the same side in court Friday afternoon fighting media companies ' request to release more information in the case . Prosecution and defense lawyers argued that a host of material should remain sealed . Opinion : Shooting was n't a case of racial profiling The intense public attention on the case is a chief reason certain information should remain out of the public eye , de la Rionda said in a motion filed earlier this month . He argued that releasing too much "  will result in this matter being tried in the press rather than in court , and an inability to seat a fair and impartial jury in Seminole County . " De la Rionda also voiced worries about witnesses being "  reluctant to testify " for fear that their privacy would be violated and other witnesses being "  harassed by media representatives . " Specifically , the state wants the names and addresses of witnesses kept out of the public record . It asks for the same for crime scene and autopsy photos , a 911 recording of the incident , and cell phone records of Martin , Zimmerman and one witness . De la Rionda is also requesting a judge seal statements Zimmerman made to law enforcement officers , some of which may be used against him at trial because they were "  inconsistent with the physical evidence and statements of witnesses . " New documents shed light on Martin killing O'Mara filed his own motion agreeing with the prosecution 's desire not to release material . He said the defense wants 1,000 e-mails received by Sanford police to be sealed , plus statements by Zimmerman . He asked that text messages , e-mail messages or journals made by the defendant be kept private , at least until they can be reviewed . Scott Ponce of the Miami-based law firm Holland & Knight argued for more disclosure on behalf of various newspapers , TV stations and their parent companies . The opposing arguments were laid out in motions filed in advance of Friday 's hearing . This week , Ponce filed responses to the prosecution and defense positions , addressing them point by point . "  The broad secrecy the state seeks ... is not supported by statute , constitution or case law , and it certainly can not be justified in this prosecution , " he said . Ponce argued that civilian witnesses ' names and addresses can not be sealed under Florida 's public records law , because they would not be "  defamatory " or "  jeopardize the safety " of a witness . He said the state has n't proven anyone is in jeopardy . The contested cell phone records may be reviewed and , if need be , have parts redacted , but they should n't be withheld entirely , he said . Ponce said Zimmerman 's statements to police should not be treated as "  confessions , " which would not be made public before trial . The judge expressed sympathy for the prosecution and defense attorneys but said , "  The law is against us . " He noted that the law in Florida "  favors full , complete , open disclosure . " Lester said he would review the discovery request and release material "  in a redacted fashion . " HLN 's Josey Crews , CNN 's Michael Martinez and InSession 's Nancy Leung contributed to this report .	Zimmerman is ordered to surrender within 48 hours He is charged with murder in the death of Trayvon Martin Media lawyers want more information released about the case The prosecution and defense are both fighting to keep material sealed
CNN  Parts of Miami-Dade County 's skyline was hidden from view Monday as smoke from a growing 1,850-acre wildfire loomed over portions of the Florida county . What started as a nonthreatening and seemingly shrinking grass fire on Sunday , consuming fewer than 100 acres according to Miami-Dade Fire Rescue Battalion Chief Al Cruz , grew to be more than 10 times that within the next 24 hours . By Monday night , the fire had burned nearly 2,000 acres and was 50 % contained , the fire department said . High temperatures and gusty winds helped the fire spread , State Forester Jim Karels said . Several fire units and a helicopter with the capacity to drop 400 gallons of water at a time were battling the blaze , Cruz said . "  The Florida Forest Service and Miami-Dade Fire Rescue have worked around the clock to protect Southwest Miami-Dade County , " Florida Agriculture Commissioner Adam H. Putnam said in a statement . Early Monday night , officials were considering road closures , and one school , Lincoln Marti , was evacuated as a precaution , according to the Fire Department .	The wildfire started in Miami-Dade County on Sunday By Monday night , it had grown to nearly 2,000 acres The fire was 50 % contained , officials said
CNN  -- Beyonce and Jay Z do n't have to be "  On the Run " anymore . A nine-page report released on Wednesday by the Treasury Department 's Office of Inspector General states that the power couple , whose legal names are Beyonce Knowles-Carter and Shawn Carter , did not violate any U.S. sanctions laws during their visit to Cuba last year . Their April 2013 trip , around the time of their fifth wedding anniversary , was highly criticized . It sparked discussion that the two might have engaged in tourist activities that are illegal under the U.S. embargo against Cuba . Under current law and regulation , travel to the island nation is only permitted under license . The report states that the couple 's trip to Cuba was properly licensed by the Office of Foreign Assets Control under the "  people-to-people " educational exchange program . The license was issued to a nonprofit organization that has a mission to promote education in the fields of art , architecture and the decorative arts . There were concerns that the two might have abused the terms of the license by engaging in too many tourist activities such as a welcome dinner , a walking tour of various Cuban neighborhoods and visits to see student artwork and theater performances . But , the report concludes that all activities followed the terms of the license . "  We believe OFAC 's determination that there was no apparent violation of U.S. sanctions with respect to Jay Z and Beyonce 's trip to Cuba , " the report states . The criticism following the couple 's trip prompted Jay Z to respond to detractors with an open letter . The rapper also recorded a song called "  Open Letter " that slammed critics who suggested the couple 's clearance came from their pal President Barack Obama in the White House rather than the Treasury Department . In the song , Jay Z raps , "  Obama said , ` chill you gon ' get me impeached . You do n't need this s ** t anyway . Chill with me on the beach . ' "	There had been rumblings that the couple 's 2013 trip violated U.S. sanctions Jay Z previously responded to critics with an open letter and a new song The Treasury Department declared the trip legal and in compliance
CNN  Facebook has reunited siblings separated at birth , rekindled old romantic relationships and helped countless people find someone who understands what they are going through . And now , the social media platform has helped one Tennessee family find a home for their unused embryos , according to CNN affiliate WSMV . Angel and Jeff Watts of Mount Juliet , Tennessee struggled to conceive and turned to in vitro fertilization , which they say blessed them with two sets of twins , ages 3 years old and 16 months . The couple was then left with six unused frozen embryos , which they decided to donate and place with the National Embryo Donation Center in Knoxville , WSMV reported . Separated at birth , reunited on Facebook But two years later , the embryos were still unused and being housed at the donation center . "  What I did n't realize is that there 's a lot of competition out there , " Angel Watts told WSMV in an interview . "  That center has over 300 sets " of embryos , she said . Each set could be anywhere from one embryo to 24 embryos per donor , said Stephanie Wood-Moyers , marketing and public relations manager for the National Embryo Donation Center . "  The more restrictions , stipulations that the donors place on the recipients , the longer it 's going to take to find a match , " she said . The average wait time for open communications arrangements such as the one Watts was seeking , where the donor has contact with the recipient , could be anywhere from six months to four years , she said . Frustrated and eager to find a home for her embryos , Watts went an unconventional route . She placed a post on Facebook , and detailed the kind of family she and her husband were looking for : married several years , in a steady loving relationship , strong Christian background , roots in Tennessee . "  And I made sure I let people know , you know , this is not a gimmick , no games , " said Watts . "  I 'm not getting any money for this . " The Watts received hundreds of responses , and in less than three weeks settled on a family : Rayn and Richard Galloway of Cookeville , Tennessee . "  We do n't look like what people would statistically say ` Oh those people are infertile . ' We just look like a happy , young married couple , " said Rayn Galloway in an interview with WSMV . Do n't believe this Facebook hoax Rayn said she stumbled upon the post and jumped at the possibility . She recently visited with Angel Watts and her family . "  Meeting them and seeing their children and seeing how they interact as a family , their interests , just their personalities as a whole , is very similar to my husband and I , " she told WSMV . Angel Watts said she wants her kids to know the Galloway family because they will be genetically connected forever . "  We 'll be meeting them all along so they 'll know us but they wo n't know us as parents , " said Watts . Rayn , who plans to have two transfers of three embryos each , with the first transfer possibly by May , said she agrees with Watts on the importance of an open relationship . "  Those are her babies , and she is giving me that gift , " said Galloway . "  The least that I can do is let her have a relationship , see those children and have a relationship for her own children 's sake . " After IVF shock , mom gives birth to two sets of identical twins Wood-Moyers of the National Embryo Donation Center said there are few laws in most states in the entire country that cover embryo donations in any form . "  It 's a little bit of uncharted territory , " she said . That is why fertility doctors say counseling for anyone going through open donations is crucial so that both families can share their needs , wants and expectations . "  If it works and people are careful , it will work well , " Dr. Glenn Weitzman of the Nashville Fertility Center told WSMV regarding this unorthodox path of embryo donation . "  That 's part of our generation and our new age , our ability to communicate and communicate with a wide range of people on our own without having to go through what might be considered normal channels . " Do you think using Facebook to find a home for unused embryos is a good idea ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	A Tennessee family placed a post on Facebook about its six , unused frozen embryos A couple , struggling with infertility , stumbled upon the post and jumped at the idea Experts : Tennessee has few laws covering open donations of embryos
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Four American teenagers , all children of U.S. military personnel , have been arrested on charges of attempted murder after a woman was knocked off her motorbike with rope strung across two poles , Japanese police said . The four suspects -- two 15-year-old boys , a 17-year-old girl and an 18-year-old man -- were taken into custody on Saturday , the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department said . They are accused of causing a severe head injury to a 23-year-old restaurant employee by stringing a rope between poles across a road . U.S. Forces Japan was informed of the August incident in late October , a public information officer said . There was no clear explanation for the delay in the handover of the suspects to police , other than it involved rules between Washington and Tokyo covering U.S. forces and their dependents in Japan . The U.S. military presence and its impact on Japanese residents have been a thorny issue over the years . Most recently , residents of the Japanese island of Okinawa , where the U.S. maintains a large military presence , have blamed American troops for crime and noise . In 2008 , a 14-year-old Okinawa girl alleged that a Marine had raped her . The prosecutor released the Marine after the girl decided not to pursue charges . In 1995 , a 12-year-old girl was gang-raped by three servicemen . A Japanese court convicted all three men . Both incidents caused a furor in Japan . Then-Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda called the 2008 incident "  unforgivable ... It has happened over and over again in the past and I take it as a grave case . " It is unclear what , if any , role the military can take in the case . The 1960 Status of Forces Agreement between the United States and Japan gives Japan jurisdiction over "  the members of the United States armed forces , the civilian component , and their dependents " in cases of offenses committed in Japan and punishable under Japanese law . The agreement also says the United States must cooperate in investigating such offenses . CNN 's Kyung Lah and Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	Suspects range in age from 15 to 18 years of age They are accused of stringing a rope between poles across a road A restaurant employee , 23 , received a severe head injury Incident occurred in August , follows other crimes connected to U.S. military personnel
CNN  -- The major talking point at the World Series of Poker in Las Vegas this summer was the extent to which experts had got their predictions wrong . In April , the U.S. Department of Justice forced the three largest online poker sites to close their doors to American customers , essentially imposing prohibition on one of the undisputed boom industries of the 21st century . The knock-on effect to poker 's flagship tournament series was expected to be profound , with player numbers predicted to plummet , perhaps by as much as 60 % . But they did n't . There was almost no change in attendance at all . Despite an industry in turmoil there were still 6,865 players handing over $ 10,000 for their chance at a near $ 9m payday at the prestigious Las Vegas tournament known as the "  Main Event " . These are the kind of numbers , and dizzying sums of money , to which poker players have grown accustomed over the past decade , when the game has undergone a sensational explosion in popularity . Although its legality in the United States has been uncertain since 2006 , a study in 2009 by Poker Players Research showed that 10 million Americans played online poker , and it had grown into a worldwide industry worth at least $ 2.5 bn dollars a year in revenue . The game in the short term is a combination of skill and luck , but the keen financial acumen of the best exponents meant thousands of people played online poker professionally , making their living solely from the game . When the sites were closed to Americans in April , not only was the single largest market quarantined , cutting the operators ' profits , but many professional players essentially lost their jobs . Analysts were fearing the worst . Yet although players in the World Series of Poker  WSOP  came from 85 countries , two thirds of the field was American . It seemed the online prohibition had only enhanced the appetite for poker in the game 's traditional capital and the casino poker rooms were packed . The robust numbers , however , put a misleading gloss on an industry still mired in controversy . At the time the Department of Justice closed the poker sites -- on what has become known as "  Black Friday " -- poker operators ' bank accounts were frozen and millions of dollars of players ' funds were put out of their reach . The players -- both full time professionals and recreational dabblers -- were initially unsure when they would see their money again and although PokerStars , the largest site , immediately co-operated with the authorities and repaid more than $ 100m to its American former customers , neither Absolute Poker nor Full Tilt Poker , the two other indicted sites , have yet paid back a penny . Rumors became increasingly voluble that the funds had been diverted into marketing and operational budgets , in contravention of rules governing online gambling sites . Although Full Tilt Poker initially continued to operate outside the United States , it had its licence suspended by the Alderney Gambling Control Commission in the Channel Islands in late June and has not traded since . "  The atmosphere  at the World Series of Poker  was definitely deflated , " said Dave Behr , a poker industry executive and analyst . "  The continuing fallout from the Full Tilt situation -- notably the total silence from Full Tilt Poker as to when U.S. players might expect to receive their money -- put a damper on the whole Series . Every week that went by , the FTP situation seemed to get worse and that in turn siphoned some of the pageantry out of the World Series of Poker . " In previous years , early losers from World Series tournaments would simply fire up their laptops and replenish funds at the online tables . This year , the only option for poker enthusiasts was the grind of the "  live " tables : plonking down a bundle of bills and dueling face-to-face . But the relative renaissance may not be sustainable . "  Live " poker is a far less convenient option than online play : the charges are higher than online ; it is only possible to play at one table at once ; and human dealers are much slower than their computerized counterparts , and expect tips . Other overheads , including traveling expenses and hotel bills , also sap revenue from bankrolls . It is more trouble than it is worth for many former sofa-based online players . Commentators have suggested that the high turnout in Las Vegas this summer represented one last hurrah for some players , prepared to speculate in full their poker bankroll , which can no longer be parlayed online . "  My prediction is that the steep drop everyone feared this year will become a reality in 2012 , " said Behr . "  Black Friday happened close enough to the start of the WSOP , and PokerStars players were paid out fast enough , that players could take ` one last shot ' this year . " PokerStars , and other operators who have never courted the American market , continue to flourish internationally and some Europe-based players are relishing the absence of Americans from the online tables . "  It 's actually a good thing from my point of view , " said Rupinder Bedi , 30 , a British online poker player . "  Fields are softer . American players have got a good solid game but now the tournaments are filled with a lot more European players who are n't as good . " Bedi also cautioned , however , that many "  live " international poker tournaments might suffer from the American lockout . "  If there 's not a booming budget in online poker , then the whole poker economy will struggle , " he said . Legislation for online poker in the United States seems likely in a couple of years , and will probably tempt the major casino chains to expand into cyberspace . Indeed , there is plenty of gossip in poker circles that April 's indictments were specifically intended to clear the decks of non-American companies ahead of a concerted push for regulation . But poker at the moment remains a pastime best enjoyed by non-Americans a point perhaps underlined by the cosmopolitan make up of the Main Event final table . When the remaining nine players return to Las Vegas in November to play in the grand final , representatives from the Czech Republic , Ireland , Belize , Germany , Ukraine and the United Kingdom will surround only three Americans , the fewest in the tournament 's 41-year history .	In April U.S. Department of Justice shut down numerous online poker sites Study estimates that 10 million American played online poker , industry worth $ 2.5 billion Analysts believe impact of restrictions in U.S. will hit the industry in 2012 Rumors persist that mainstream casinos will venture into online gaming soon
CNN  -- As Washington hurtles toward a government shutdown , the go-to move for the uninformed is to blame both sides equally . Just say , "  A pox on both their houses , " and you can get through any neighborhood barbecue or TV talk show . But what if you really want to know what 's happening ? There are three metrics you should track if you want to know who will come out ahead in a government shutdown : Which side is more united ? One of President Clinton 's laws of politics is : "  Democrats want to fall in love , Republicans just want to fall in line . " Which is what makes the GOP fratricide so interesting . Savaging your colleagues , undermining your leaders , backbiting and backstabbing -- these are usually Democratic specialties . But not now . Credit the strong leadership of House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid with keeping a remarkably diverse Democratic Congress together . When you can keep a strong conservative like Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia on the same page with the powerfully progressive Rep. Keith Ellison of Minnesota , you are definitely winning . Meanwhile , the GOP , whose members range from conservative to ultraconservative , is at war with itself and its leaders . Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas led the fight on the Senate floor to block consideration of the funding bill . But after a pointless 21-hour talkathon , the majority of his GOP colleagues rejected Cruz 's strategy . Senate Republicans split badly and bitterly ; 25 voted against Cruz while just 19 voted with him . In the House , it is chaos . The Neanderthals are fighting the Cro-Magnons and the Homo erectus tough guys are fighting the australopithecines . Which side is more mainstream ? A majority of voters do n't like the Affordable Care Act -- although that 's a bit misleading , because a percentage of them dislike it because they think it does n't go far enough . I like it -- in fact , I love it -- but that 's not the point of this column . Obamacare clocks in at just 29 % support in a recent CNBC poll . So you 'd think that the Republicans ' position of repealing the ACA would be more mainstream . But you 'd be wrong . That same CNBC poll shows that Americans oppose defunding Obamacare , with only a little more than one-third of voters saying they want it defunded . They want to mend it , not end it . What 's worse for the Republicans , when the question shifts to whether you support shutting down the government and/or defaulting on U.S. debt in order to kill Obamacare , the GOP position loses by a crushing 59 to 19 percentage points . When you 're down to just 19 % of your countrymen and - women supporting your crusade , it 's time  as we say in Texas  to pee on the fire and call the dogs : The hunt 's over . That is , no doubt , why the House Republicans have retreated to their new position : delaying Obamacare for a year rather than outright defunding it . But health care delayed is health care denied , and it 's a bit of a reach to demand a one-year delay in the president 's top domestic priority in exchange for funding the government for 10 weeks . Which side is more reasonable ? It is hard to seem reasonable when you are pursuing a strategy that even conservative Republicans like Sen. Richard Burr called "  the dumbest idea I 've ever heard of . " Keep in mind this is from a man who represents North Carolina , where the Republicans proposed a law barring federal courts from interpreting the Constitution , and allowing the North Carolina Legislature to declare a state religion .  Which might have passed had they chosen the right religion for the Tarheel State : college basketball . And yet there is hope for the GOP here . Every time the president says "  I will not negotiate on the debt ceiling " -- a phrase he utters even more often than "  Just pass me the ball , Joe , I 'm open ! " -- he risks looking unreasonable . As a matter of substance , I strongly agree with his position . But as a matter of rhetoric and positioning , he would be better served to state his position this way : "  I will gladly listen to any idea to improve the Affordable Care Act , or reduce the deficit , or any other ideas my Republican friends might have . But first we have to avoid default . That means paying the bills that Congress has already incurred . Once we 've done that we can negotiate on anything . " Same substantive position : Negotiations on policy come only after the nation avoids default . But this formulation emphasizes the president 's willingness to be flexible on improving the ACA and other Obama priorities . Of course , nothing is certain in life . But if I were a betting man , I 'd bet on President Obama and the Democrats in this fight . As long as Republicans appear more divided , more extreme and more unreasonable , they are going to lose . And then they will look weak as well . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Begala .	Paul Begala asks which party is more united , mainstream and reasonable Begala says that 's the way to see who 's winning shutdown , and Democrats win He says majority of American voters do n't want to shut down the goverment over Obamacare Begala : Obama should insist avoiding default is first priority before negotiating
CNN  -- Brian Ludmer was running for his life , following other passengers trying to escape the gunshots being fired inside Terminal 3 of Los Angeles International Airport . He heard another shot . Then his right leg gave out , collapsing underneath him . "  The first thing is I immediately tried to stand back up . That did n't work . Both the bones in my right calf had been shattered , and it was completely loose . I collapsed again , " Ludmer , 29 , said by telephone Wednesday on CNN 's "  AC360 . " " ... I looked back and saw the gunman , and I did n't see anyone else . At that point , I expected that I might be shot again . So I knew I had to get away . " Bleeding badly , Ludmer began to crawl . Snapshot of the gunman It was 9:20 a.m. Friday inside the crowded terminal that services Alaska Airlines , JetBlue , Spirit Airlines , Virgin America , Frontier Airlines and a number of other carriers . Ludmer , who on his way to Chicago for a wedding , was on the second floor of the terminal , waiting for his turn to clear a Transportation Security Administration checkpoint when he heard the shots . "  At that point , I think we were all afraid , and people did their best to get away from where we heard the gunshots , " he said . "  I was just in with the crowd , running into the terminal . " Behind him , according to Los Angeles police authorities , 23-year-old Paul Ciancia had opened fire with a .223 - caliber assault rifle , shooting and killing TSA Officer Gerardo Hernandez "  at point-blank range . " ' A matter of minutes : ' Police check barely missed LAX suspect Ciancia then went up an escalator but returned to shoot Hernandez again , apparently after seeing him move , according to a court document filed by the FBI . He continued walking and shooting . Witnesses said he went from person to person , asking , "  Are you TSA ? " One of those bullets hit Ludmer in the back of the right calf . On the ground , he looked back and saw the gunman . "  I have a snapshot of him I remember : Stern , " Ludmer said . "  I do n't know how to describe it . Cold , maybe . " But this much was clear to the teacher who worked at Calabasas High School : He had to move . ` Bleeding and disfigured ' Ludmer began to crawl , dragging his broken and bleeding right leg toward a nearby duty-free shop . He crawled through the store , past the register and toward a door leading to a storage room . "  It was in there that I kind of grasped and took in for the first time what happened to my leg . It was bleeding and disfigured , and I was scared , " Ludmer said . "  I knew I had to stem the blood flow , if I was going to survive . " Inside the room , he said , he saw a child 's sweatshirt . He used it as a tourniquet , tying it as tightly as he could around the leg . Then he waited . Eventually , police found Ludmer as they were clearing the terminal , looking for a potential second gunman , he said . Days later , Ludmer is still being treated for the gunshot wound . He said he 's undergone a number of surgeries and procedures . He 's facing at least one more surgery , where doctors will place a metal rod in his leg , he said . The good news , he says : He has full sensation and movement in his right foot . Shooting reignites debate over TSA workers ' role in security CNN 's Anderson Cooper contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Brian Ludmer , 29 , was shot in the back of the right calf He recalls the gunman as "  stern " and "  cold " The bones below Ludmer 's right knee were shattered by a bullet "  It was bleeding and disfigured , and I was scared , " he says
CNN  -- The rest of the world is probably asking what 's in the drinking water here in New York , where ex-Gov . Eliot Spitzer , who resigned in 2008 when his hiring of hookers came to light , surprised everybody by announcing a bid for city comptroller . Spitzer , dubbed the Love Guv by the city 's tabloids , leaps back into the political arena less than two months after former Rep. Anthony Weiner  who 'd resigned after texting obscene photos to strangers  announced a run for mayor . Which raises the admittedly uncomfortable possibility that the city 's top two elected officials will be two nationally-known , high-profile married politicians with less than honorable sex-related behavior on their resumes . But that 's as far as the similarities go . Spitzer and Weiner have very different histories , committed fundamentally different offenses and will face dramatically different odds in the few weeks left before voters head to the polls in the all-important Sept. 10 Democratic primary . Has the road to political redemption gotten shorter ? Start with the crimes . Weiner , whose scandalously bawdy texts and photos never involved actually physically meeting up with a woman , spent a week lying about the incidents on any number of local and national television outlets , claiming that his House of Representatives account had been hacked . That , in turn , led to calls for an FBI inquiry , after which Weiner 's tower of lies collapsed . Spitzer , by contrast , simply admitted that he 'd hired hookers , apologized for his misbehavior and quit . He now campaigns without the baggage , which Weiner still carries , of having lied to the public and press repeatedly . When it comes to the record each man brings to the campaign trail , it 's not even a close call . In more than eight years as state attorney general and 14 months as governor , Spitzer compiled a string of high-profile wins in battles with Wall Street and prosecutions on behalf of low-paid workers . He also implemented a historic increase of state funding to local school districts and appointed the state 's first Latina secretary of state . Spitzer seeks return to politics -- as NYC comptroller Weiner 's tenure in Congress was notably skimpy on tangible wins . A recent New York Times story noted that , over a 12-year career , Weiner wrote exactly one bill that got enacted . He was a visible , effective voice on key issues , but not the kind of politician who immersed himself in the machinery of government or coalition-building . But the biggest distinction between the two men , and the most politically relevant , involves their respective paths to victory . Weiner , running in a crowded 6-candidate race , is leading in the polls and , under New York rules , could get into a Democratic runoff pitting him against one of his rivals . He is currently grinding his way through a seemingly endless series of public forums and debates . By Spitzer leaps into an all-but-empty race for comptroller that had been largely conceded to Scott Stringer , a longtime political insider who 'd spent two decades in the legislature and eight in the relatively powerless position of borough president of Manhattan . Spitzer , who is funding his campaign using his family 's personal fortune , hopes to use his money , celebrity and impressive record to blow past his opponent to victory . Polls suggest that about 40 % of New Yorkers think Weiner 's offenses disqualify him from office altogether ; a comparable number may think the same of Spitzer . That leaves plenty of room for our city 's famously tolerant population to decide if they can , or should , elect a pair of soiled , but talented , politicians to run the nation 's largest city . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Errol Louis .	Errol Louis : Spitzer making new bid for NYC comptroller ; he joins Weiner in arena Both had sex scandals , but similarities end there . Spitzer fessed up in his scandal But Weiner lied , he says . Spitzer has record of accomplishment . Weiner not so much Louis : Weiner in 6-candidate race . Spitzer faces 1 oppenent . Can NYers forgive ?
"  Uncle " Hammad , a local Bedouin camel farmer is staring at me as though I 've offended him . I 'm midway through a luxurious sand safari exploring the deserts of Dubai , and Hammad has been chatting to me over a traditional Emirati breakfast of cardamom-scented crepes slathered in date honey . I 've asked him how he 's been affected by Dubai 's transformation from desert outpost to international city in the space of 25 years , and now I 'm bracing myself for a lecture on the blight of modernity and how materialists like me are tainting his land . "  My grandfather had a tent and a camel ... " He pauses and raises his graying eyebrows at me , then his face crinkles into a sun-beaten smile . "  And I have a five-bedroom villa with AC , and a race horse ! Do you think I do n't like that ? " Turns out he 's a happy man . Dubai 's Bedouin are no longer dusty nomads searching for a home -- they 're now a part of the emirate 's modern landscape of glamorous golf estates , tall towers , shopping malls and theme parks . Despite appearances , their history and natural culture can still be explored , as I discovered a day earlier when I joined the Platinum Heritage safari team at the edge of the Dubai Conservation Reserve . Pristine desert The platinum part of this safari refers to the Reserve , Dubai 's most pristine desert , but could also refer to the five-star treatment we receive while exploring it . The heritage ? Open-top Land Rovers from the 1950s , bumblebee yellow or racing green , older than the unified country they 're driving across , wheels like concrete , sounding like lawn mowers . Before we set off , Sharaf , our Egyptian mirror aviator-shaded driver , brought out some black and white keffiye headscarves . As we wrapped ourselves under instruction , I cringed on the inside -- who does n't feel like a charlatan in another culture 's national dress ? -- but soon found out how necessary they were . When the cars pick up speed they throw up sand and the tail of the headscarf can be pulled over to give faces protection from the grit . There was to be no "  dune bashing " on this trip , explained Sharaf . Apart from the obvious incompatibility with these classic cars , it can be devastating to the desert eco-system . It kills off sensitive environments for animals living under ground , which make up 95 % of the land fauna found in the natural areas of Dubai . We weaved gently over dunes and stopped at various points for photographs . In some , the sands were golden , bare and desolate , scattered with the bones of petrified trees , disappearing in waves to the horizon . In other areas sands were tawny , shaded by giant ghaf trees and Arabian gums , with scrub protecting the tiny animals dwelling there . Aerial acrobatics At one meager watering hole , delicate gazelles and lumbering oryx waited on the perimeter . They were n't camera shy , but they would n't return until we left . Later we were driven to a higher point where carpets were arranged on the sand before a natural amphitheater . Falcons waited on a roost , hooded but untethered . DEWA the Peregrine  named after the local power company whose lines this lazy bird likes to sit on  and Wasp , a Barbary falcon , put on a show with their trainer as the sun disappeared over the city lights of distant Dubai . The birds never touched us , but beat our heads with bursts of air as they swooped close enough to make us squeal . At dusk we entered our camp for the night -- a stone-ringed compound established by Sheikh Butti al Maktoum , and provided to Platinum Heritage on the proviso that they provide a genuine insight to Emirati culture . We talked with the few other passengers and drivers over dates and gahwa  Arabic coffee  , before the ouzi  spiced , whole roasted lamb  was brought from its charcoal pit . In desert silence we ate traditional food , delicious and exotic -- even to me , a longtime resident of Dubai . As lgeimats  addictive little Emirati donuts  were brought out , we were entertained with traditional Khaleeji dances in which women sway their long , black hair , and Yolas , in which men tap rhythms with camel canes . We smoked shisha seated on rugs around a bonfire until the desert chill sent us to bed in our camelhair tent nearby . Scary driving The Platinum Heritage experience is different from many desert safaris on offer . The others range in the details and intensity , but the formula is usually the same -- pickup in a white Land Cruiser , travel in convoy to the edge of the desert where tires are deflated for traction in the sand . Drivers proceed to scare the wits out of tourists by throwing the cars over dunes in a way I 'm sure Toyota would revoke their warranties for . I once took a GoPro camera on one of these drives . All the footage I got was sand and sky , glimpses of the interior of the car and howls of a freaked out Scotswoman in the back seat , a broken record of "  No , no , no , no , no , no , nooooooo ! " punctuated by an occasional squeak or the sound of someone gagging . Some of these safaris then round off the terror with disappointment -- an evening in a fenced compound filled with camels and quad bikes , a low quality buffet , beers and a belly dancer from Russia . I 've been on too many of these , not realizing what I was really missing out on until now . The morning brings both sunshine and a clear head . The cold breeze of the night has cleaned the sands , leaving only the prints of mystery desert fauna . Hammad laughs and chatters as if we 're family , welcoming us into a culture that remains hidden for so many visitors to the UAE . He shows us that it 's there for anyone to find , they just need to know where to look . How to explore the sands Platinum Heritage offers a range of safari options , including the vintage Land Rover tours , private night safaris , dinner safaris , camel safaris , wildlife drives and Bedouin breakfasts and falconry experiences . If dune bashing and belly dancing are more your thing , Arabian Adventures is the largest operator . There are others . Those who prefer to do the driving themselves should get in touch with Off Road Zone , which runs half-day desert driving courses . Al Maha Resort offers the nature without the adventure , but with a whole lot of luxury . The resort is connected to the Dubai Conservation Reserve and has gazelles and oryx wandering free within its grounds . Prices start at about 6,000 AED  $ 1,600  per room per night .	Vintage Land Rover safaris explore the delicate sand dunes of Dubai Platinum Heritage organizes luxury excursions into the traditional world of the emirate 's Bedouin Retro safaris offer a gentler way of experiencing the area 's wildlife that so-called "  dune bashing " excursions
CNN  -- News that the United States is considering a military strike on Syria in response to the Bashar al-Assad regime 's suspected use of chemical weapons suggests we could soon see an American bombing campaign on the war-torn country . The atrocities that took place in Syria recently , such as those that have been taking place there for almost two years , are deplorable and inhuman . Before bombing Syria over the regime 's latest crimes , however , we should stand back and ask , "  And then what ? " Bergen : For U.S. , Syria is truly a problem from hell A brief bombing campaign in Syria might make the United States and its allies feel like they are doing something , but it will prove nothing . We have already abstained from getting involved in the civil war for two years and have chosen not to respond to evidence  albeit less clear  of another chemical attack this year . We have already concluded that as terrible as the civil war is , it can not be our war . The bombing will not change this -- and then what ? Both sides in Syria are bad . One side is a brutal dictator , and the other includes Islamists and terrorists who are dangerous already and who would be brutal in power if given the chance . We will not spend the time , money and blood to create a desirable side in Syria . There is no victory to be had there . Syria is not the greatest threat in the Middle East to U.S. or world security . The Iranian regime is working every day to get a nuclear weapon . It poses a direct threat to Israel 's survival and a long-term threat to America . The conflicts in Syria , Egypt and Libya are small threats compared with the disaster that could ensue and the lives that would be endangered if Iran succeeds in its drive for nuclear weapons . We should focus more on the truly big threat ahead of the headlines of the day -- or we will be reading much worse headlines in the future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Newt Gingrich .	U.S. is considering a military strike on Syria in response to chemical weapons attack Newt Gingrich : The atrocities are deplorable , but there is no desirable side in Syria As terrible as this civil war is , it can not be our war , Gingrich says Gingrich : A much more serious threat to U.S. interests is possibility of Iran nuclear bomb
CNN  -- A roadside blast killed a NATO service member Wednesday in northern Afghanistan , the International Security Assistance Force said . The international alliance does not provide the nationalities of victims . An alliance statement did not provide an exact location of the improvised explosive device attack . This year is already the deadliest for coalition and U.S. forces since the battle against the Taliban started some nine years ago . Last year , 516 coalition troops were killed in Afghanistan . More than 600 have died so far in 2010 , according to a CNN tally -- with more than two months left in the year . The morbid milestone comes as the United States is making a strong effort to fight the Taliban . U.S. President Barack Obama ordered the deployment of 30,000 extra U.S. forces to Afghanistan this year , increasing the total American troop commitment to almost 100,000 . At least 25 other countries pledged an additional 7,000 troops . The international alliance was formed under a U.N. mandate to bolster a secure environment and support the reconstruction of Afghanistan . NATO took command in 2003 . The force comprises troops from dozens of countries .	This year is already the deadliest for coalition and U.S. forces The battle against the Taliban started nine years ago
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- A deadly blast rocked a bus carrying Yemeni soldiers in the capital of Sanaa on Sunday . There were conflicting reports on the number of people killed . Interior ministry officials initially said that 10 people had died and 14 more injured . But the defense ministry later said only one person had died and 24 others wounded . Explosives had been planted in the rear of the bus , which was carrying air force personnel to their headquarters , the interior ministry officials said . Yemen is home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Offensives by the nation 's army and drone attacks by the United States have reduced the terror organization 's effectiveness in recent years .	Explosives are planted on a bus carrying Yemeni air force personnel The blast kills at least one person Yemen is home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula
Placerville , California  CNN  -- California 's attorney general is "  actively reviewing " an animal charity executive who had agreed not to take a higher office with another charity after a state investigation into how her previous employer had spent its donations , a spokesman for the AG 's office told CNN . The woman at the center of the review , Terri Crisp , has been identified by SPCA International in its tax filings as one of its directors or officers . She also serves as the spokeswoman for the charity 's "  Baghdad Pups " program which , according to SPCA International , "  helps U.S. troops safely transport home the companion animals they befriend in the war zone . " Before her work with SPCA International , Crisp headed the California-based animal rescue charity Noah 's Wish , which received millions of dollars in donations after Hurricane Katrina struck the U.S. Gulf Coast in 2005 . It promised to use the money to help animals affected by the disaster The California attorney general investigated whether contributions to Noah 's Wish for "  rescuing and caring for the animal victims of Hurricane Katrina " were used for that purpose . In the summer of 2007 , Noah 's Wish reached a settlement agreement with the state of California in which the charity agreed to forfeit $ 4 million in donations out of the $ 8 million raised by the charity . Under that settlement , Crisp agreed not to "  serve as an officer , director or trustee or in any position having the duties or responsibilities of an officer , director or trustee , with any nonprofit organization for a period of five  5  years from the date of the execution of this Settlement Agreement . " Yet in a filing with the North Carolina secretary of state 's office last year , SPCA International named Crisp in its list of officers and directors . California 's attorney general launched the investigation into Noah 's Wish after a bookkeeper with the charity and others alerted his office to questionable business practices . The former bookkeeper , who wants to conceal her identity for reasons unrelated to her work at Noah 's Wish , told CNN that donations came pouring into Noah 's Wish soon after Hurricane Katrina . Crisp had appealed for donations on numerous television networks , including CNN . "  There was cash , there were checks , there were cashiers checks , there were letters -- heartbreaking letters from kids who , instead of having birthday parties , they wanted all the money to go to Noah 's Wish to help those poor little animals , " the woman said . "  On a given day , we would have , oh my gosh , easily $ 20,000 ... just in checks . " And she said suddenly Terri Crisp changed , hiring her daughter and acting as if the money was hers to keep . Both made six-figure salaries , the former bookkeeper said . "  Terri at one time said , ` I 've worked hard for so many years , doing animal rescue , I am entitled to this money . ' " When approached by CNN at her Placerville , California , home , Crisp told CNN she has "  nothing to hide " but refused to answer any detailed questions without permission from the organization 's communications director . CNN requested an on-camera interview several weeks ago from Stephanie Scott , the SPCA International public relations director , but Scott never responded either by phone or e-mail . Standing on the lawn of her home , Crisp told CNN that "  you 've taken a lot of the information " provided by SPCA International and "  reported it incorrectly . " CNN said now was her chance to correct the record she saw as inaccurate . "  I would love to but as I said , I 'm an employee of SPCA International . " She added , "  I ca n't answer any of your questions . Believe me , I would love to . " She did tell CNN that the Noah 's Wish board of directors set her salary and that she is now an employee , not a director , at SPCA International . A CNN investigation into SPCA International found that the charity raised close to $ 27 million to help animals worldwide but spent nearly all of that money on fund-raising expenses paid to a direct-mail company . In 2010 , SPCA International owed $ 8.4 million to Quadriga Art and its affiliated company , Brickmill Marketing Services , according to publicly available Internal Revenue Service 990 tax records . Quadriga Art is one of the world 's largest direct-mail providers to charities and nonprofits . It is the same fund-raiser hired by two veterans charities that spent tens of millions of dollars for its services -- triggering a Senate investigation last month into whether one of the charities should retain its tax-exempt status . That charity , Washington-based Disabled Veterans National Foundation , collected nearly $ 56 million in donations over the past three years yet paid Quadriga Art more than $ 60 million in fees , according to a CNN investigation into the charity 's tax records . The other veterans charity , National Veterans Foundation , raised more than $ 22 million in donations over the past three years to help veterans yet spent about $ 18.2 million to pay Quadriga Art , according to IRS 990 forms . SPCA International is still in debt to Quadriga Art , according to a spokeswoman for the direct-mail firm , adding that 's part of the charity 's "  aggressive strategy " to build a broad donor base . "  That resulted in an expected high cost in the beginning of their acquisition program , " said the spokeswoman , who declined to be named . She called SPCA International 's efforts a "  successful strategy . " There 's no question that a charity needs to spend money to raise money , according to Bob Ottenhoff , president of the charity watchdog group Guidestar . But he said that SPCA International 's tax records raise "  a number of red flags . " "  No. 1 , there is an enormous amount of money going into fund-raising , " Ottenhoff said . "  It 's not unusual for a nonprofit to fund-raise . In fact they need to fund-raise . But this organization has an enormous amount of fund-raising costs , certainly relative to the amount of money being spent . " Of the $ 14 million raised in 2010 , SPCA International reports it spent less than 0.5 % -- about $ 60,000 -- in small cash grants to animal shelters across the United States . It also said it spent about $ 450,000 -- about 3 % of the total raised in 2010 -- to bring back animals from Iraq and Afghanistan as part of its "  Baghdad Pups " program . In addition to its questionable finances , CNN found that SPCA International misrepresented the "  Baghdad Pups " program on its tax filings . On its website and its tax filings , SPCA International describes as a program that "  helps U.S. troops safely transport home the companion animals they befriend in the war zone . " Yet the charity admitted that only 26 of the nearly 500 animals transported to the United States from Iraq and Afghanistan were actually service animals . The rest were stray animals , said Stephanie Scott , the charity 's communications director . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Under a 2007 settlement , Terri Crisp agreed not to serve as a charity official Yet , last year , she was named as one of SPCA International 's directors and officers California 's attorney general is now reviewing Crisp 's involvement with SPCAI
Washington  CNN  -- The CIA has recalled its top spy in Pakistan out of concern for his safety after terrorist threats against him , a U.S. intelligence official said . The station chief , the highest-ranking U.S. intelligence officer in Pakistan , operates covertly and his identity is considered classified . He had recently been named in a lawsuit filed by a Pakistani man seeking $ 500 million for the death of his son and brother , who the man alleges were killed in a U.S. drone strike . The spy 's name then appeared in Pakistani media stories about the lawsuit . The threats "  were of such a serious nature that it would be imprudent not to act , " the intelligence official said , describing the decision to pull him from the country . A spokesman for the CIA declined to speak about any details of the situation in Pakistan but said in general that protecting CIA personnel is a top priority . "  Our station chiefs routinely encounter major risk as they work to keep America safe , and they 've been targeted by terrorists in the past , " CIA spokesman George Little said . "  Their security is obviously a top priority for the CIA , especially when there 's an imminent threat . " The station chief oversees all intelligence operations in Pakistan including managing the drone program , which the U.S. government does not publicly acknowedge , and coordinates with the country 's intelligence office .	The CIA has recalled its Pakistan station chief , who operates covertly The spy was recently named in a lawsuit Threats surfaced following the publication of the man 's name in media reports
CNN  -- There 's always something strange about bumping into an ex . Sometimes it can be satisfying -- perhaps they 're looking a bit shabby , or have obviously fallen on hard times . Maybe they 've shacked up with someone new who , frankly , is n't much of a looker . Other times the reverse is true -- it 's that day you 're late for work and have n't had time to shower , or maybe the time you 've had a drink too many and end up saying something embarrassing . But most confusing of all is when , in spite of the knowledge of everything that went wrong in the past , that surge of mutual longing just wells right up again . Before you know it you 're meeting for a drink and , well , you know the rest . The problem for Chelsea , as for any serial daters , is that their exes are simply everywhere . After rattling through 10 managers in 10 years , barely a month goes by without some awkward encounter to set the mind wondering what might have been . Of course we all know what happened this summer . Fresh from ending a relationship with Rafael Benitez that , while doomed from the start , seemed to be developing into something a little more substantial , Chelsea were confronted with the newly single big love of their lives . We 've all seen it happen : two people who seemed so perfect together , but parted in haste , and suddenly they 're both available . The outcome is inevitable , and so it was at Stamford Bridge . Jose Mourinho moved all his stuff back in , started re-arranging the furniture and publicly re-affirming his undying love for the blue part of west London . Now here we are , barely six weeks into the new season , and this time around it seems a little different . Mourinho is as suave as ever , of course ; witty press conference quips and a debonair touchline demeanor go a long way to making everything in the garden look rosy . But there 's something oddly listless about his team . To begin with , there 's the question of the midfield . Juan Mata , the darling of fantasy football league managers everywhere , has been the lynchpin of so many good things about Chelsea since he signed ; but from the moment Mourinho took charge the former Valencia maestro 's place has looked in doubt . Meanwhile , fellow attacking midfielders Oscar and Eden Hazard , while outrageously gifted , seem to pose more questions than answers . How do they play together ? Do they have the physical stature to impose themselves on more abrasive opponents ? Add in the return of another attacking midfielder , the exciting Kevin de Bruyne , loaned out successfully to Werder Bremen last term , along with the addition of buccaneering wide man Andre Sch 1/4 rrle , and there is a wealth of riches in the middle of the park . Odd then that Mourinho chose to gazump one of Chelsea 's most recent and perhaps bitter exes , Tottenham Hotspur boss Andre Villas Boas , and divert -- you guessed it -- yet another attacking midfielder , Willian , to Stamford Bridge . How to fit any combination of these together into a usable whole , not least in the mayhem of England 's rough and ready Premier League , is quite a conundrum . Right now Mourinho 's first choice midfield is anyone 's guess . Then there 's the front line . The football jury returned a verdict on Fernando Torres some time ago , and few would describe his time at Chelsea in anything more than tepid terms at best . The fact that Mourinho has kept him on may owe more to an absence of realistic suitors than a desire to be the one who finally made things work with the Spaniard , but keep him he has . Demba Ba has also struggled somewhat since joining from Newcastle , but while reports suggested he might have been off elsewhere , possibly to Arsenal , he has also stuck around . Blog : Are Manchester United still the team to beat ? Romelo Lukaku , another fantasy league favorite after a prolific season at West Bromwich Albion , seemed like the kind of rough diamond , with more than a little of Didier Drogba about his physique , that Mourinho could make shine . But after an agonizing missed spot-kick at the end of 10-man Chelsea 's spirited Super Cup final defeat against Bayern Munich , he will now be lining up in the blue shirt of Everton this season . With another former Chelsea man , Daniel Sturridge , setting Merseyside alight with his goals , it seems odd to let such potential go . Competitive Premier League Then there was the pursuit of Wayne Rooney . Yes the Manchester United striker had frustrated former boss Alex Ferguson and needled his club 's own fans more than once with his apparent desire to flee Old Trafford , and new manager David Moyes offered mixed messages about the forward 's future . But there always seemed something slightly implausible about the idea of the Red Devils letting Rooney join one of their title rivals . And like Arsenal 's myopic lust for Liverpool striker Luis Suarez , Chelsea 's pursuit of Rooney seemed to become an obsession , while other possible targets such as Edinson Cavani and Falcao slipped through the Blues ' net . Finally , veteran striker Samuel Eto'o put pen to paper . While it is fair to say the 32 year old was unlikely to have been at the top of Mourinho 's summer shopping list , he brings formidable experience and undoubted talent to the front . Whether the flesh matches the mind and spirit will become clear in time , but this has not been the impact signing one would usually associate with a Chelsea summer . None of this may have mattered much a few years ago , when the strength of this squad would probably have been enough to see the team through to a top two berth . But the Premier League is quite a different place to the one Mourinho left . In fact it 's fair to say it 's a pretty different place to one of even a year ago . Yes , Alex Ferguson 's departure may yet have a negative impact on United , who have n't exactly handed Moyes the keys to the vault ; but while Manchester City also have major changes to absorb , they look fiercely competitive on paper . Elsewhere a resurgent Liverpool , a surprisingly effective Arsenal , and an intriguing Tottenham mean this year 's race is a tough one to call . Chelsea are in the mix , of that there is no doubt ; but after their worst start to a Premier League campaign since owner Roman Abramovich took over it is difficult to cast them as favorites . Ancelotti and Benitez Perhaps the most interesting element in all of this is the performance of two other Chelsea exes . Carlo Ancelotti , fresh from a triumphant season in France in which Paris Saint-Germain cruised to the Ligue 1 title and very nearly sprung a shock against Barcelona in the Champions League , has taken the helm at Real Madrid with steely assurance . Three wins from four La Liga games and a crushing 6-1 Champions League victory over Galatasaray in Istanbul mark a team that looks well on track . Ancelotti 's departure from Chelsea was perhaps the most difficult to comprehend of all of this most capricious of clubs ' break-ups . Given his record he looks more than capable of delivering the success Real fans crave . Meanwhile , down in Italy 's Campania region , Rafael Benitez 's start at Napoli -- with a markedly changed team -- has been hugely impressive . The Azzurri appear to have gelled immediately , as a series of dynamic and passionate performances fired them to the top of Serie A with a 100 % start . And that was before they dismantled a supremely talented Borussia Dortmund side in their first Champions League tie . Benitez -- the most unloved of former Chelsea partners -- looks to have found his perfect match in the shadow of Vesuvius . As a bewildered looking Chelsea side left the field on Wednesday after their shock 2-1 home Champions League defeat to Basel , it was hard not to wonder if -- in the heat of the moment -- they had fallen back into the arms of the wrong ex . That sensation was only compounded when the Portuguese accused his team of lacking "  emotional maturity " in a post-match interview . He was quick to shoulder the blame for the defeat in later exchanges , but there was a sense of alarm bells quietly ringing , especially with the news that Abramovich had joined his manager in the home dressing room for the post-match post-mortem . After a fractious , draining and unfulfiling 2012-203 season with Real Madrid , which Mourinho himself admitted was the "  worst of his career " , was a rekindled romance with a past love , however heartfelt , simply chasing a passionate affair that had already run its course ? Early days it may be , but it will be interesting to see whether chapter two of this great romance evolves into another bitter divorce or a case of happily ever after .	Jose Mourinho watched his Chelsea team lose 2-1 to Basel on Wednesday Mourinho 's first spell as Chelsea manager ended with a 1-1 draw at home to Ronsenborg Chelsea have been through a series of high-profile coaches since 2003 Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich has bankrolled the club over the last decade
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- The man behind a pair of bloody terror attacks in Norway is set to appear in court Monday , his first such appearance since authorities say he killed at least 93 people by setting off an explosion and gunning down people at a youth camp . Police have not identified the suspect , but local television and newspaper reports say the man in custody is Anders Behring Breivik . Attorney Geir Lippestad , who claimed to represent the 32-year-old Breivik , told Norwegian TV2 late Saturday that his client "  is ready to explain himself " in court . The suspect feels the terrorist attacks were "  horrible , " but "  in his head  they  were necessary , " Lippestad said . The 32-year-old Norwegian has said that he acted alone and has not pleaded guilty , acting National Police Chief Sveinung Sponheim said Sunday . But authorities have not ruled out that others may have been involved or helped him along the way . The investigation continues as the Scandinavian nation continues to wrestle with the attacks ' aftermath , with an ashen-faced and openly weeping King Harald V leading the nation in mourning Sunday . Memorial shrines with flowers and candles dotted Oslo 's streets , and Norwegians gathered at a cathedral in the capital to mourn the victims of the attacks . "  Soon , names and photographs will be released . The enormity of the evilness will surface in all its horror , and that will be a new test for us all , " Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg said at a church service Sunday billed as a "  Mass for grief and hope . " "  In the middle of all the tragedy , I am proud to live in a country that has managed to stand tall . " Sponheim said there has been "  no progress " in ascertaining what the suspect 's motive might have been . But he said that investigators were studying a 1,500-page manifesto that authorities believe was published online the day of the attack . The document , apparently compiled over a period of nine years , rants against Muslims and their growing presence in Europe and calls for a European civil war to overthrow governments , end multiculturalism and execute "  cultural Marxists . " The author of the document identifies himself as Breivik and indicates he is from Norway . CNN could not independently verify that Breivik wrote the document , and Norwegian authorities would not confirm that the man in their custody wrote the manifesto , saying it was part of their investigation . Authorities allege that he killed seven by setting off a car bomb outside government buildings in Oslo on Friday , then went 20 miles and killed at least 86 more by ambushing an island political youth retreat . The suspect was carrying a considerable amount of ammunition when he surrendered to authorities , Sponheim told reporters . Investigators will conduct autopsies over the next few days , Sponheim said , and the identities of the victims will be released once all the next-of-kin have been notified . The death toll -- which inched up to 93 on Sunday , after a person succumbed to injuries from the mass shooting -- and may increase , police say . At least four people have not been accounted for around Utoya island , with investigators searching the waters nearby for victims who may have drowned trying to escape the shooter . Authorities are also still trying to determine how many people died in the Oslo bombing , where the explosion badly damaged several government buildings as well as the majority Labour Party office . They are also hunting for new evidence . On Sunday , for instance , police raided a property the suspect owned in the eastern Oslo area Slettelokka looking for explosives . "  We were there with dogs but found nothing of any value as evidence , " Sponheim said . Police said Sunday that the area around the blast site would remain cordoned off , but members of the public in the area were not at risk . In addition to the dead , at least 96 people were wounded in the attacks -- 30 in the blast and 66 in the mass shooting . Doctors at Oslo University Hospital Sunday were treating 31 patients injured in the terror attacks , 18 of whom were critically or seriously injured , Oslo University Hospital spokesman Jo Heldaas told CNN . Pope Benedict XVI on Sunday offered his "  fervent prayers for the victims and families , invoking God 's peace upon the dead and divine consolation upon those who suffer . " "  At this time of national grief he prays that all Norwegians will be spiritually united in a determined resolve to reject the ways of hatred and conflict and to work together fearlessly in a shaping a future of mutual respect , solidarity and freedom from for coming generations , " according to a statement released by Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone on behalf of the pope . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton expressed U.S. solidarity with Norway . "  The United States strongly condemns any kind of terrorism no matter where it comes from or who perpetuates it , and this tragedy strikes right at the heart of the soul of a peaceful people , " she said in a statement . CNN 's Michael Holmes , Erin Mclaughlin , Chelsea J. Carter , Jim Boulden , Laura Smith-Spark , Joe Sterling , Moni Basu , Chelsea Bailey , Claudia Rebaza and Cynthia Wamwayi contributed to this report .	The suspect is set to appear in a Norwegian court on Monday Investigators are still searching waters around Utoya island for victims The man accused in Norway 's twin terror attacks that killed at least 93 says he acted alone Police are looking into a 1,500-page manifesto purportedly written by the suspect
Oranjestad , Aruba  CNN  -- An FBI official has arrived in Aruba to assist with the investigation into the disappearance of a Maryland woman during a vacation there , an island official said Tuesday . In addition , investigators plan to mount another search for 35-year-old Robyn Gardner in the coming days , Solicitor General Taco Stein told CNN . The efforts will be focused on the southern tip of the Dutch Caribbean island , Stein said , with police , firefighters and Dutch troops taking part . FBI agents have already been involved in the case , searching the Gaithersburg , Maryland , home of the man now being held in connection with Gardner 's disappearance . A judge in Aruba ordered Monday that the suspect , Gary Giordano , be held for another 16 days while police continue their investigation . According to Aruban prosecutors , the missing woman and the suspect arrived on the island July 31 from the United States . She was last seen August 2 near Baby Beach , on the west side of the island . Giordano told authorities that he had been snorkeling with Gardner when he signaled to her to swim back , according to a statement from the prosecutor 's office . He said Gardner was nowhere to be found when he reached the beach , according to prosecutors . Giordano 's lawyer , Michael Lopez , argued unsuccessfully Monday that there was not enough evidence to keep his client behind bars . CNN 's Tristan Smith and Martin Savidge contributed to this report .	Authorities plan a new search for 35-year-old Robyn Gardner She was last seen August 2 A judge on Monday ordered her companion held for another 16 days
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's ex-wife and the mother of his two oldest children , Debbie Rowe , has agreed not to challenge the singer 's mother for custody of the children , according to a joint statement from lawyers for Rowe and Katherine Jackson . Debbie Rowe will not pursue custody of the children she bore with Michael Jackson , a lawyer says . The agreement does not involve any financial payments to Rowe "  apart from the continuation of spousal support payments " that Michael Jackson personally agreed to make to Rowe after their divorce , the lawyers said . Rowe will get visitation rights with the children and the "  timing , frequency and manner of visits shall be implemented according to the best interests of the children , as determined by a child psychologist selected jointly , and paid jointly , " by Jackson and Rowe , the announcement said . Rowe never publicly said if she would fight Jackson 's 79-year-old mother for custody of her son and daughter -- ages 11 and 12 -- and a court hearing concerning custody was delayed several times this month while lawyers for the two talked . Jackson 's youngest child , 7 , was carried by a surrogate mother , whose name has not yet been released . Katherine Jackson gained temporary guardianship of the three children soon after his death last month . Learn about other notable custody cases " The agreement must be approved by the judge . A custody hearing is set for Monday before Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff . Beckloff will also hear arguments Monday about Jackson 's estate and who will control it . Katherine Jackson is asking the court for more involvement in the estate 's business . Watch what may have happened in Jackson 's final hours " Jackson family lawyer Londell McMillan said the family was pleased the custody matter was "  resolved and was handled in a caring , thoughtful and courteous manner by the parties and their representatives . " "  We were all united in our goals to do what is best for Michael 's wonderful children , and both Mrs. Jackson and Debbie Rowe were on the exact same page , " McMillan said . "  Accordingly , although important issues had to be resolved , this was no legal contest but rather simply a process  of  doing the right thing for the right reasons . " Rowe 's lawyer , Eric George , said the women and their lawyers "  engaged in a dignified discussion that resulted in a dignified outcome . " "  The sole consideration between the parties was the best interests of the children , " George said . "  I 'm proud to have worked with such professionals who represented Ms. Jackson , and I am particularly proud of Deborah for her integrity and selflessness . " Efforts to resolve who will control Jackson 's estate have not been so amicable . Earlier this month , Beckloff granted temporary control to the executors named in his 2002 will : John Branca , Jackson 's longtime personal attorney , and John McClain , a music industry executive and longtime friend . McMillan , in a statement issued Wednesday , said Katherine Jackson was not disputing the will . But , he said , she wanted the judge to order the executors to disclose information about what he said was "  a suspicious circle of relationships " involving them . He said the executors "  have either denied Mrs. Jackson access to critical information or insisted on ... onerous and unreasonable restrictions " to information about deals they are making on behalf of the estate . McMillan , in an interview with CBS Thursday , estimated the Jackson estate was worth $ 2 billion , while the executors have estimated in court that its value is around $ 500 million . The will placed all assets into a family trust benefiting his mother , his three children and unnamed charities . Jackson 's children have been living with their paternal grandmother at her Encino , California , home since their father 's death on June 25 . "  They read the news on the Web and the reports , " McMillan said . "  I really tried to push the media to be responsible in how they try to handle this matter because there are three precious children involved . " The oldest child -- Michael Joseph Jackson Jr. , more commonly known as Prince Michael -- was born in February 1997 . A daughter -- Paris Michael Katherine Jackson -- was born the next year . Details of how the children were conceived -- and who was the biological father -- have been closely guarded amid much public speculation . The couple divorced in 1999 with Rowe giving Jackson full custody while she got an $ 8.5 million settlement , according to court documents . Jackson later agreed to additional support . Rowe gave up parental rights to Jackson in 2001 , but she changed her mind more than two years later and sought temporary custody of the children . A California appeals court later ruled her rights were improperly terminated , opening the door to a possible custody battle . CNN 's Randi Kaye , Kay Jones and Allison Blakely contributed to this report .	Debbie Rowe , Katherine Jackson make custody agreement Rowe , Michael Jackson 's ex-wife and mother of two kids , will have visitation rights Katherine Jackson is the children 's guardian Hearing is set for Monday in Los Angeles County Superior Court
CNN  -- Federal authorities unsealed Monday an indictment charging five men in the death of U.S. Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry and offering up to $ 1 million for information leading to the arrest of the four men still at large . The investigation into the December 2010 killing revealed the existence of a botched federal operation that had sought to investigate U.S.-Mexican arms trafficking and led to the historic vote by the House of Representatives that found U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt of Congress . The indictment charges Manuel Osorio-Arellanes , Jesus Rosario Favela-Astorga , Ivan Soto-Barraza , Heraclio Osorio-Arellanes and Lionel Portillo-Meza with first-degree murder , second-degree murder , conspiracy to interfere with commerce by robbery , attempted interference with commerce by robbery , carrying and using a firearm during a crime of violence , assault on a federal officer and possession of a firearm by a prohibited person . The truth about the Fast and Furious scandal A sixth defendant , Rito Osorio-Arellanes , is charged solely with conspiracy to interfere with commerce by robbery . A federal grand jury in the District of Arizona handed up the 11-count indictment November 7 . It alleges that , on December 14 , 2010 , five of the defendants  Manuel Osorio-Arellanes , Jesus Rosario Favela-Astorga , Ivan Soto-Barraza , Heraclio Osorio-Arellanes and Lionel Portillo-Meza  were involved in a firefight with Border Patrol agents during which Terry was fatally shot . The indictment says the defendants had entered the United States illegally from Mexico in order to rob drug traffickers of marijuana . Terry was fatally shot when he and other members of a Border Patrol tactical unit tried to apprehend the men , officials said . Laura E. Duffy , U.S. attorney for the Southern District of California , noted to reporters in Tucson , Arizona , that covert efforts had not resulted in any arrests , and said officials decided it was in the best interests of the investigation to unseal the case and enlist the assistance of the public in the United States and Mexico . Toward that end , James L. Turgal Jr. , FBI special agent in charge , Phoenix Division , said the FBI was offering up to $ 250,000 per fugitive for information leading to their arrest . The incident occurred in Rio Rico , Arizona , a remote area commonly used by people smuggling drugs into the country on foot , she said . It is about 10 miles north of the border . That night , four members of the Border Patrol team were on a steep hill above a wash ; two other team members were in a nearby observation post from which they could monitor foot traffic and relay radio communications , Duffy said . Timeline : Fast and Furious investigation started with agent 's death Soon after 11 p.m. , a ground sensor alerted the team to the presence of people on foot in the area ; within a few minutes agents saw five armed men walking toward the agents , she said . "  As the armed group passed through the wash below , the agents announced their presence ; several of the armed individuals turned with weapons raised , " she said . The agents fired nonlethal bean-bag rounds at the subjects , who responded with gunfire , she said . A single bullet struck Terry , who died at the scene . Four of the five suspects fled ; the fifth , Manuel Osorio-Arellans , was wounded and taken into custody . Two days before , on December 12 , Border Patrol agents had arrested a sixth man , Rito Osorio-Arellanes , who was to have been part of the group , Duffy said . He was charged with conspiracy to commit robbery . He is Manuel Osorio-Arellanes ' brother ; both men are in custody in Arizona , Duffy said . "  The other four are believed to be at large in Mexico . " If they are arrested , U.S. officials will seek their extradition , she said . The case has attracted attention because of its link to Operation Fast and Furious . Launched by the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , the operation was intended to track weapons purchases by Mexican drug cartels . However , the operation lost track of more than 1,000 firearms that the agency had allowed straw buyers to carry across the border , and two of the lost weapons turned up at the scene of Terry 's killing . Duffy alluded to the controversy that has swirled around the case , which has provided ample fodder for AM-radio talk-show hosts , noting that "  there are almost unprecedented atmospherics that have surrounded this case . " She would not say whether the bullet that killed Terry came from one of the guns involved in the botched program . But , she added , "  I want the Terry family and members of the U.S. Border Patrol to know that those atmospherics have not distracted the efforts of this prosecution team . " Congress voted June 28 to hold Holder in contempt for refusing to hand over documents related to the program . Poll : Americans ' views on contempt vote Republicans said that was because he was not fully compliant with a House subpoena requesting the documents ; Democrats and the Justice Department countered that the documents withheld were internal deliberations that have , by tradition , been kept private during past administrations of both parties . "  Agent Terry served his country honorably and made the ultimate sacrifice in trying to protect it from harm , and we will stop at nothing to bring those responsible for his murder to justice , " Holder said . In a statement , Terry 's family members thanked Duffy and the Mexican government for their efforts in the investigation and reiterated their call for Holder to comply with the request for documents related to the case . "  Agent Terry died as a hero protecting this country ; he and his family rightly deserve a full and thorough explanation of how Operation Fast and Furious came to be , " said Terry family attorney Patrick McGroder in the statement from the family . Rep. Jason Chaffetz said the indictments should have been unsealed long ago . "  It 's too bad that it did n't happen 14 months ago , " said the Republican from Utah , who is on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , in a telephone interview . He accused the Justice Department of having "  not taken this seriously . " Mexico accuses U.S. agent in border shooting CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report	An indictment is unsealed charging five men with murder Feds also offer up to $ 1 million to find four fugitives The men are believed to be in Mexico
CNN  -- Five years ago this month , Katrina hit New Orleans . What it created is a tale of two cities , the haves vs. the have-nots . Enormous progress in the city 's Business District overshadows the lingering blight in the 9th Ward and St. Bernard Parish , where folks are still struggling to rebuild and many lots remain empty . Unfortunately , Katrina attacked the two poorest states in America , Mississippi and Louisiana . It destroyed or disrupted the economic engines of both states : their tourism , shipbuilding , fisheries , port operations industries and petroleum production in the Gulf . Katrina left about 1,836 people dead , destroyed about 275,000 homes in Mississippi , Alabama and Louisiana , and cost the federal government about $ 114 billion . But there is good news . Post-Katrina tax incentives have had a dramatic impact . The region has more hotels and restaurants than it had before the hurricane , and its major infrastructure -- sewer , water , public service buildings , police and fire departments , National Guard -- has new or rebuilt buildings . Federal money has transformed the schools in New Orleans , reorganizing them into charter schools , which are a far cry from pre-Katrina 's dysfunctional schools operating in dilapidated buildings . Public health in New Orleans before Katrina meant treatment in run-down , understaffed public hospitals . Chief of those was Charity Hospital , known as "  Big Charity , " the state-run teaching hospital for Louisiana State University Medical School . But it is no more . The Veterans Hospital , next to Big Charity , was also destroyed during Katrina . Afterward , much discussion revolved around whether to repair or replace Big Charity . The Federal Emergency Management Agency insisted on providing only repair money versus money to replace Charity with a hospital that could share a campus with a new Veterans Hospital . It took four years to get a FEMA decision on helping to pay for replacing Charity , yet during this period of indecision , the city and state public health systems built community-based clinics . This is a 21st-century medical system far superior to pre-Katrina hospital-based public health . New Orleans ' levee and water control systems have been steadily improved by upgrading pumps with backup generators . Gates have been installed at critical canals to help block water from entering the city during storm surges . About 325 miles of levees are around the city and surrounding parish , and work on the levees continues . But seemingly intractable problems that affect the poorest residents still beset the city . Two years ago , during Hurricane Gustav , water was splashing over the levee protecting the 9th Ward , the neighborhood most devastated by Katrina . Gustav reminded us the city remains vulnerable to levee failure -- any levee is no match for nature . The enduring erosion of the coastline , caused by bad water management all the way from the upper Mississippi River and the coastal canals , erodes the marshes and leaves coastal Louisiana exposed to the full brunt of future hurricanes . Public safety and housing remain the most difficult issues . Crime is a major problem in the Big Easy , and the police department is under enormous strain . Several groups of New Orleans Police Department employees are under federal investigation , accused of abuse of power -- including murder charges . Today , in these tough economic times , police officers are being asked to accept a 10 percent pay cut . Most officers can not take their police cars home without paying for that privilege . Public safety has a long way to go . Also , more bad than good has been said of Louisiana 's "  Road Home " program , designed to help displaced residents get back into their houses . The shining star of home rebuilding , instead , is the enormous amount of volunteers who work tirelessly to help poor folks get back into their homes . Many middle-class neighborhoods still include blighted houses . The only option for the owners , who do n't have the cash to rebuild , is to tear them down . The 9th and 7th Wards and St. Bernard Parish have the worst problems . Many people remain frustrated with the "  Road Home " program . Although some got enough money to rebuild , most complain that the amount of provided by insurance and FEMA falls far short of actual repair costs . FEMA used pre-Katrina values to determine repair costs , but the costs of building materials and labor were a lot higher after the hurricane . New Orleans also had one of the highest number of renters in the country , at about 37 percent of residents . Initially , FEMA did not provide funding to rebuild rented housing . The slow economy that followed Katrina put limits on the amount of cash for building affordable housing . Most of the city 's public housing projects were demolished . The city and private companies are building mixed-use public housing , but most of the poor people I speak with are suspicious of the effort . The Business District is in better shape than ever , but the legacy of Katrina 's destruction lives on in the poorer neighborhoods of the 9th Ward and St. Bernard Parish . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Russel L. Honor .	Russel Honor : Post-Katrina New Orleans is a tale of two cities , haves vs. have nots Progress in the Business District but lingering blight in poorer neighborhoods , he says Honor points to new hotels , restaurants , public service buildings , charter schools But crime remains high , many homes still a wreck , little public housing for poor , he says
Riot police fired tear gas and rubber bullets into crowds when thousands of people took to the streets of Sao Paulo on Thursday night to protest an increase in bus and metro fares . At least 100 people were injured and more than 120 were arrested in the violent clashes , occurring exactly one year before the World Cup kicks off in Brazil 's financial capital . It was the latest in a string of protests staged in Sao Paulo , Rio de Janeiro and other cities over the last week aimed at getting officials to revoke recent increases in public transportation costs . Between 5,000 and 10,000 protesters gathered in front of the Municipal Theater in downtown Sao Paulo at 5 p.m. and then started marching through the streets , where a huge police presence waited . For the first time in this series of protests , Sao Paulo deployed riot police . When police began to fire tear gas and rubber bullets , protesters shouted "  fascist police " and ran in different directions . Protesters said no warning was given before the tear gas and bullets were used . A CNN team also did not hear any warnings or demands to stop before the measures were taken . In previous marches , the government has accused protesters of initiating violence , and protesters have said police used excessive violence to try to stop marchers . On Tuesday night , protesters set a bus on fire and smashed the windows of at least nine banks . On Thursday night , CNN witnessed protesters spraying walls with graffiti and throwing rocks . The daily newspaper Folha de S. Paulo reported that seven of its reporters were shot with rubber bullets . A witness saw police shoot Giuiliana Vallone and told the paper : "  When she told me to get out of the way because of the chaos , a policeman looked and cowardly shot her . " Another TV reporter told CNN that she and her crew were deliberately sprayed with pepper spray by police when they filmed them arresting protesters . The marchers were protesting an increase in bus and metro fares to 3.20 reais  $ 1.55  from 3 reais . "  For a lot of us , it 's just the final straw , " said a metro operator who was participating in the march . "  We just pay more and more for something that is n't worth it . "	Riot police fire tear gas and rubber bullets into crowds of thousands in Sao Paulo At least 100 people were injured and more than 120 were arrested Protesters want officials to revoke recent increases in public transportation costs Daily newspaper Folha de S. Paulo says 7 of its reporters were shot with rubber bullets
CNN  -- Home to Africa 's highest mountain and one of its most famous wildlife parks , Serengeti , Tanzania is one of the continent 's most popular tourist destinations . It was recently listed by the New York Times as its number one place to go in Africa , with 783,000 visitors in 2010 , according to a World Bank report published in 2012 . It is the largest country in East Africa , has abundant wildlife , 500 miles of coastline and 15 National Parks . The United Republic of Tanzania was formed in April 1964 by the union of mainland Tanganyika and the Zanzibar archipelago . The archipelago consists of two large islands -- Zanzibar and Pemba -- and numerous smaller ones . Mount Kilimanjaro , the highest peak in Africa at 5,895 m , is one of seven Tanzanian sites on the UNESCO World Heritage List . Another is Serengeti National Park , known for its annual migration of two million wildebeests and hundreds of thousands of gazelles and zebras - followed by their predators . The migration is described by UNESCO as "  one of the most impressive nature spectacles in the world . " Read related : Safari in Tanzania The spectacular Ngorongoro Crater , the world 's largest caldera , is part of the Ngorongoro Conservation Area , a UNESCO heritage site listed for its natural and cultural significance . Other UNESCO sites are Selous Game Reserve , listed for its natural beauty ; Kondoa Rock-Art Sites , the Ruins of Kilwa Kisiwani and Ruins of Songo Mnara and Stone Town of Zanzibar , all listed for their cultural significance . Of these , the Ruins of Kilwa Kisiwani and Ruins of Songo Mnara , the remains of two great ports booming between the 13th and 16th centuries , located on islands off the coast of Tanzania , is listed as a site in danger . Alongside the natural attractions , Tanzania has a rich culture , both traditional and modern . Watch Zanzibar music legend Bi Kidude still singing into her 90s Zanzibar International Film Festival , also known as the Festival of the Dhow Countries , is East Africa 's largest arts , design , music and film festival , with most events in Zanzibar 's historic Stone Town . Last year the festival attracted 150,000 visitors , including 7,000 from abroad , and included a race of traditional dhow sailing boats . For a more traditional cultural celebration , MaKuYa Festival in the Mtwara region has been held every year since 2008 , bringing together hundreds of traditional dancers and cultural events . One of the country 's longest-running festivals is the Bagamoyo Festival , held each year since 1982 by TaSUBa , formerly the Bagamoyo College of Arts . The TaSUBa Theatre , where it is held , is the largest performing arts venue in East Africa , and attracts musicians performing African music from reggae to roots to jazz . An annual charity Goat Race held each year in Dar Es Salaam is based on a concept from Uganda and has raised more than 500 million Tanzanian shillings  $ 320,000  for charity over the past 11 years . Read related : Why Tanzanians believe in witchcraft Tanganyika and Zanzibar had gained independence from Britain in 1961 and 1963 respectively . Julius Nyerere , a key figure in the fight for independence , became the first president of Tanganyika in 1962 and remained head of Tanzania until 1985 . His successor , Ali Hassan Mwinyi , started a gradual process of economic liberalization and democratic reform and in 1992 the constitution was changed to allow for multiparty competition , according to the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office . The current president President Jakaya Mrisho Kikwete has been in power since 2005 and was elected for a second term in 2010 . Today , although Zanzibar is part of Tanzania , it has its own parliament and president and a growing movement for full independence . Ismail Jussa , a local politician , said : "  Right now there 's a grand movement , not just both political parties of Zanzibar , religious groups , civil society organizations , members of academia , student organizations , all of us have come together to say it 's high time Zanzibar sovereignty is restored and Zanzibar should be able once again to be in charge of its own destiny and plan its own future . " The Tanzanian people are split roughly equally in their beliefs , between 30 % Christians , 35 % Muslim and 35 % with traditional beliefs , according to the CIA World Factbook . In Zanzibar , the population is more than 99 % Muslim . Most of the country 's population is Bantu , consisting of more than 120 tribes , including Sukuma , Nyamwezi , Chagga , Masai , Haya and Gogo . The commercial center is Dar Es Salaam , with a population of 3.6 million in 2011 , according to the United Nations Population Division . The agency said that currently 12 million of Tanzania 's 45 million population live in cities , and 33 million in rural areas . However , it predicted that both the rural and urban populations will have grown to 69 million by 2050 . Despite its growing tourist industry , Tanzania is one of the world 's poorest countries , with an economy that relies heavily on agriculture and employs 80 % of the population , according to the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office . The average life expectancy is just over 53 years , with the world 's fourth highest death rate from HIV/AIDS , the CIA World Factbook said .	Tanzania has Africa 's highest mountain , 500 miles of coastline and 15 National Parks The country was formed by the union of Tanganyia and the islands of Zanzibar Serengeti National Park is famous for its annual migration of two million wilderbeest , gazelles , zebras
CNN  -- Following this week 's tough talks on the global financial crisis , President Obama on Friday shifted his tone to reflect upon his regrets , his frustrations and his hopes for the younger generation . "  There 's nothing more noble than public service , " President Obama says . Obama 's remarks came after a woman from Heidelberg , Germany , asked if he ever regretted having run for president . The question yielded a lengthy response from Obama , who is participating in his first overseas trip in office . "  That 's a good question , " Obama said at a packed town hall meeting in Strasbourg , France . "  Michelle definitely asked that question . "  You know , there have been times , certainly during the campaign , and there have been times over the last several months where you feel a lot of weight on your shoulders . There 's no doubt about it , " the president said . With his wife , Michelle , looking on , Obama continued , "  During the campaign , the biggest sacrifice -- the thing that was most difficult was that I was away from my family all the time . " Watch Obama weigh in on his regrets and sacrifices " The president joked that he was jealous of not only Europe 's high-speed rail but also the fact that campaigns there only last a few months . Obama announced that he was running for president on February 10 , 2007 , and was inaugurated nearly two years later . "  So I was away from home all the time , and that was very difficult , because not only do I have a wonderful wife , but I have two perfect daughters , and so , you know , I missed them a lot , " he said . The president expressed disappointment about the lack of privacy and anonymity he 's experienced since assuming office . "  You know , it 's very frustrating now , " he said . "  It used to be when I came to Europe that I could just wander down to a cafe and sit and have some wine and watch people go by and go into a little shop and watch the sun go down . "  Now I 'm in hotel rooms all the time . And I have security around me all the time . So just losing that ability to just take a walk , you know ? That is something that is frustrating . " Take a look at Obama 's European itinerary " After a couple of minutes of going over his regrets , Obama paused . "  But -- having said all that , I truly believe that there 's nothing more noble than public service , " he said , adding that service does n't mean one has to run for president . Obama pointed to Doctors Without Borders , the United Nations and community work as examples of other ways to serve . "  But the point is that what I found at a very young age was that if you can only think about yourself -- ` How much money can I make ? What can I buy ? How nice is my house ? What kind of fancy car do I have ? ' -- that over the long term , I think you get bored , " he told the audience of mostly students . "  I think if you 're only thinking about yourself , your life becomes diminished , and the way to live a full life is to think about what can I do for others , how can I be a part of this larger project of making a better world , " he said . Obama said with all the challenges facing the world now , the younger generation has an abundance of opportunities to make a difference . "  It would be a tragedy if all of you who are so talented and energetic -- if you let that go to waste , if you just stood back and watched the world pass you by , " he said . "  Better to jump in , get involved -- and it does mean that sometimes you 'll get criticized and sometimes you 'll fail and sometimes you 'll be disappointed -- but you 'll have a great adventure . And at the end of your life , hopefully you 'll be able to look back and say , ' I made a difference . ' "	President Obama says being away from family biggest sacrifice of campaign Obama says his lack of privacy is "  frustrating " Obama says today 's challenges are opportunities for youth to make a difference Question about regrets leads to Obama 's lengthy response at French town hall
CNN  -- Sudan ordered a number of international aid agencies to leave the country Wednesday after an arrest warrant was issued for the country 's president , a United Nations source in the capital city of Khartoum said . Sudan 's President Omar Hassan al-Bashir waves to supporters in Khartoum on Wednesday . The International Criminal Court issued the warrant earlier Wednesday for President Omar Hassan al-Bashir for war crimes and crimes against humanity . It accuses him of complicity in a brutal campaign of violence against the people of Darfur , in the west of the country . Sudan told as many as 10 humanitarian groups to leave Darfur , and seized the agencies ' assets , U.N. deputy spokeswoman Marie Okabe said . The aid groups include Oxfam , Solidarities and Mercy Corps , she said . The exact number of groups involved was not given and some groups were not identified , both to protect their people on the ground in Sudan and because they are hoping to reverse the decision . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon is "  concerned " about the reported expulsions , a spokeswoman said . "  He notes that this represents a serious setback to lifesaving operations in Darfur , and urges the government of Sudan to act urgently to restore these NGOs to their full operational status , " spokeswoman Michelle Montas said . Sudanese government officials "  have insisted on accompanying some  international non-governmental organization  staff members into their offices and taking lists of assets and staff , " Montas said . She called the aid agencies who had been kicked out "  the main providers of life-saving humanitarian services , such , as water , food , health , and sanitation . Their departure will have an immediate and serious impact on the humanitarian and security situation in North Sudan ,  and  especially in Darfur . " Sudan 's ambassador to the U.N. declined to confirm any details on the subject . But Abdalmahmood Abdalhaleem Mohamad said : "  We will deal very firmly with any organization that is violating the hospitality and the laws of the country . " The Dutch section of Medicins Sans Frontieres  Doctors Without Borders  said in a statement it was "  outraged " by the move , which leaves more than 200,000 of its patients without essential medical care . Other sections of MSF continue to operate in Darfur , it said . Oxfam , which is based in England , urged Sudan to reverse its decree . "  If Oxfam 's registration is revoked , it will affect more than 600,000 Sudanese people whom we provide with vital humanitarian and development aid , including clean water and sanitation on a daily basis , " Penny Lawrence , Oxfam 's International Director , said in a statement . The agency 's statement added that "  400,000 of them are affected by the ongoing conflict in Darfur -- where people continue to flee from violence and the humanitarian needs remain enormous . It will also affect another 200,000 poor people in the east of the country and Khartoum state . " The agency has 450 staff in the country , 90 percent of whom are Sudanese , it said . It emphasized in the statement that it has "  absolutely no links to the ICC . Oxfam does not have an opinion on the Court 's activities , and our sole focus is meeting humanitarian and development needs in Sudan . " The International Rescue Committee , which has worked in Sudan for nearly 30 years , said that it had been ordered to close its programs as well . "  We are extremely distressed by the forced closure of our aid operations , " said George Rupp , the group 's president and CEO . "  It appears the international aid effort in the region is being shut down and that raises grave concerns about the welfare of millions of Sudanese people who rely on humanitarian aid for survival . " The ICC order to arrest al-Bashir is the first warrant ever issued for a sitting head of state by the world 's only permanent war crimes tribunal , based at The Hague in the Netherlands . CNN 's Terence Burke , Barbara Starr and Phillip Warrington contributed to this report .	Up to 10 aid agencies ordered to leave Sudan , U.S. source says Oxfam , Medicins Sans Frontieres among those facing expulsion U.N. : These agencies are main providers of life-saving humanitarian services Move comes after warrant issued for Sudan president on war crime charges
CNN  -- Empires , wars and various ethnic groups have rendered the map of Europe a patchwork upon which dozens of countries and languages vie for space . A trip to every one of these nations is possible if you have endless weeks stretching ahead of you , but if you 're short on time , cash or motivation , you need to think smarter . That 's where border towns come in . Where Europe 's frontiers rub against one another lie cities in which diverse cultures clash and blend , creating places that showcase the best of all worlds . Here are a few of our favorites . Lille , France Border : Belgium The food-loving French have long held the cuisine of their northern neighbors in contempt . Some French expats even consider Belgium a hardship posting , presumably because of their disdain for unpretentious menus of moules , fries and waffles . In return , beer-chugging Belgians could be forgiven for mocking the wanting concoctions of water , yeast , hops and barley consumed to the south .  Though , to be fair , French microbreweries are starting to make up for lost time  . No such concerns in the northern French city of Lille . Here traditional local restaurants combine the intricacies of Gallic dining culture -- making extensive use of the region 's tasty maroilles cheese -- with the bold beer selections favored further to the north . At Estaminet Chez la Vieille  60 rue de Gand ; +33328364006 ; website in French only  the beef in beer , and roast chicken in cheese , are worth the trip . The city also blends Flemish with classical Parisian architecture -- the art deco Coilliot House  14 Rue de Fleurus  is a prime example . And its Palais des Beaux Artes de Lille  18 Rue de Valmy ; +33 3 20 06 78 00  has one of the best collections of classic art outside the capital . Bratislava , Slovakia Borders : Austria , Hungary Close to the border of both Austria and Hungary , the proud capital of Slovakia has only recently emerged from a centuries-long identity crisis that still resonates around fairy tale streets that once charmed Hans Christian Andersen . Bratislava -- or as it has variously been known , Istropolis , Bresburg , Pressburg and , briefly , Wilson City -- was for 300 years the capital of the Hungarian Kingdom . Meanwhile , its close ties with nearby Vienna once saw the two cities share a tram line . It was also , until the "  velvet divorce " of 1993 , part of the old Czechoslovakia . The reconstructed Bratislava Castle  +421 2 544 114 44  has been witness to most of this and is a good place to savor a city that 's enjoyed a unique place at the crossroads of central Europe , as well as the imperious views it commands over the nearby borders . Traditional local cuisine is a hearty melange of dishes influenced by Austria and Hungary . Presburg  Michalska 382/4 ; +421 2 544 384 55  or Leberfinger  Viedenska cesta 257 ; +421 2 623 175 90  are both good options for food . Malmo , Sweden Border : Denmark Another country-hopping city that continues to bear the imprint of its former occupants , Malmo lies on the southern coast of what 's now Sweden but was , until the 17th century , Danish . The two nations are now umbilically connected by the majestic eight-kilometer Oresund Bridge , which plugs Malmo almost directly into the Danish capital of Copenhagen and serves as a potent symbol of their close ties  not least in the gripping Danish-Swedish TV drama "  The Bridge "  . You can still hunt for Danish influence in the buildings of Malmo 's Gamla Stan  Old Town  , although it 's more fun these days to contemplate modern architecture , including the twisty Turning Torso skyscraper  Lilla Varvsgatan ; +46 40 17 45 00 ; website in Swedish  or the offshoot of Stockholm 's Moderna Museet art collection , housed in an old electric plant  Gasverksgatan 22 ; +46406857937  . Denmark still has something to offer though , as can be seen at the sublime Malmo public library extension , designed by Danish architect Henning Larsen  Kung Oscars vag ; +46 40 660 85 00  . San Sebastian , Spain Border : France The sheer size of France , and its numerous borders , mean an inevitable reappearance in this list -- this time pushing its influence into Spain . In San Sebastian , just 20 kilometers south of the border , France 's contribution can be seen in the city 's neat urban layout and the Belle Epoque architecture of its grand casino-turned-city hall and Victoria Eugenia theater  Republica Argentina 2 , +34 943 48 11 60  . Also , as more than one grumbling tourist has pointed out , in the prices that are typically higher than the rest of provincial Spain . The French would also no doubt like to take credit for San Sebastian 's disproportionately large number of internationally rated restaurants . And although the surrounding Basque region does have its own strong culinary traditions , French fine dining has clearly made its mark at places such as Arzak  Av . del Alcalde Jose Elosegi ; 273 , +34 943 27 84 65  , among a trio of restaurants in the city to earn three Michelin stars . Trieste , Italy Border : Slovenia While this Italian port lies close to the border of Slovenia and within striking distance of Croatia , its heritage lies firmly within the same middle European empires that once laid claim to Prague , Vienna and Budapest . And so from Italy we have operetta , piazzas  the monumental Piazza dell ` Unit d'Italia is one of Europe 's largest  and gelato , the latter being unsurpassed at Chocolat  via Cavana 15/b ; +39 040 30 05 24  . From Vienna we get literary salons of the kind that drew "  Ulysses " author James Joyce to Trieste . Most have now fallen by the wayside , but a recent campaign appears to have saved Joyce 's mahogany-lined favorite , Caffe San Marco  Via Cesare Battisti , 18  . And from Hungary we get places like Buffet da Pepi , small eateries where pretty much everything on the menu contains pig , beer or pickled cabbage  via della Cassa di Risparmio 3 ; +39040366858  . Kirkenes , Norway Borders : Finland , Russia A chilly 400 kilometers north of the Arctic Circle lies Kirkenes , a small Norwegian town located between the borders of Finland and Russia . Admittedly , there is n't much in Kirkenes to influence -- for a lot of the year it 's too shrouded in gloom and snow to distinguish from other settlements in region . But as a visit to the Sor-Varanger museum  Hvistendalsgate 31 ; +47789428 90  confirms , Russian revolutions , czars and Finnish migrants have all left their mark . Kirkenes is n't without its attractions . During the literally endless days of summer , the fjords and forests are worth exploring . Winter brings spectacular displays of northern lights and the almost obligatory Snow Hotel  Sandnesdalen 14 ; +47789705 40  . There 's also a Russian market  Barents Spektakel  on the last Thursday of every month , where you can buy matryoshka nesting dolls as well as porcelain and , because apparently nothing says Russia like a pair of knitted toe warmers , socks .	Too rushed , poor or lazy to tour the continent ? Here are places to cut corners The Slovakian capital of Bratislava was for 300 years the capital of the Hungarian Kingdom French influence is prominent in San Sebastian , Spain Russian revolutions , czars and Finnish migrants have left their mark on small Kirkenes in Norway
CNN  -- Virginia Johnson , the pioneering sex researcher who was part of the groundbreaking team Masters and Johnson , has died at age 88 , her son , Scott Johnson , told CNN on Wednesday . Johnson died Tuesday morning in St. Louis of natural causes , though she had some complications from heart disease , he said . Dr. William Masters and Johnson conducted the first modern research on sexuality and the treatment of sexual dysfunction that paved the way for the sexual revolution . The pair wrote several books , starting with "  Human Sexual Response " in 1966 , a landmark work discussing the physiology of sex . Their second book , "  Human Sexual Inadequacy , " published in 1970 , detailed how to treat sexual dysfunction . "  The first research on ` sexual response ' was unique and surprising , " Dr. Julia Heiman , director of the Kinsey Institute , said in a statement . "  No one had , with a fairly large number of men and women in a laboratory setting , tried to measure a number of physical responses  heart rate , lubrication , blood pressure , penile and vaginal size charges  during sexual stimulation and orgasm . Opinion : The woman who explained the female orgasm "  Then the second book , on ` treatment for sexual dysfunctions , ' used a very non-medical approach  no drugs , physical aids , or surgery  , incorporating behavioral treatments for sexual dysfunctions in men and women . And doing so within two short weeks of daily treatment , " Heiman said . Johnson never had a degree , other than two honorary doctor of science degrees , her son said . She was working at Washington University 's medical school in St. Louis when she met Masters , who was looking for a partner to help conduct his experiments and research . The two shared the work but complemented each other 's strengths , Scott Johnson said . Masters . who died in 2001 at age 85 , knew what made sense from a scientific perspective and Johnson was able to humanize it , helping their hundreds of subjects get comfortable enough to talk about their problems , and knowing how to address those problems without being cold and impersonal , he said . "  The combination of the two may have been critical for the research to begin , continue and to have the lasting impact it did , " Heiman said . Thomas Maier , author of "  Masters of Sex : The Life and Times of William Masters and Virginia Johnson , the Couple Who Taught America How to Love , " now a Showtime TV series , agrees that without Johnson , the research could not have happened . "  She was the one who was able to watch what worked , she was the one who took the background interviews with all the patients , " he said . "  She put together all of these things and she understood what worked , because she just had a real native genius for understanding what made things click . She was really the brains behind the therapy . " Masters and Johnson developed the practice of sensate focus , which helps couples refocus on each other through emotional skills and body awareness . In sensate focus therapy , sex is removed while the couples reconnect through touching and developing a heightened sense of sexual self awareness , says Ian Kerner , a sexuality counselor who blogs about sex for CNN.com 's The Chart . Couples gradually develop a keener understanding of what feels good to their partner , he says . Sensate focus is the basis of sex therapy today , said Linda Weiner , a certified sex therapist in St. Louis who spent five months in the Masters and Johnson training program . "  It 's something she invented based on the relaxation she felt as a child when her mother would trace Virginia 's face with her fingers to relax her , " Weiner said . The practice helps couples learn "  how to relax and deal with anxiety and performance , which they discovered was one of the major factors in sexual problems . " Said Kerner : "  Their essential work continues to be debated and appreciated and Virginia Johnson 's legacy will always remind us of life before the little blue pill -- when couples solved their sexual problems the old-fashioned way : through communication and loving touch . " People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	She was part of the groundbreaking team Masters and Johnson She died Tuesday in St. Louis of natural causes , her son says The team conducted the first modern research into sexuality
CNN  -- ESPN has fired the employee responsible for writing an offensive headline about basketball sensation Jeremy Lin and suspended an anchor who used the same ethnic slur , the sports network said Sunday . The headline read "  Chink in the Armor , " referencing the New York Knicks ' 89-85 loss Friday night to the New Orleans Hornets that ended the team 's season-high winning streak . The phrase has two meanings ; one is an ethnic slur . Lin , 23 , came off the bench earlier this month to guide the Knicks to win after improbable win . The unlikely star of Taiwanese descent quickly turned into a global brand and "  Linsanity " became the phrase of the times . The ESPN headline Saturday morning was up for 35 minutes before being removed , but the damage was done . The network apologized Saturday and said it was "  engaged in a thorough review . " It also apologized for a question ESPN anchor Max Bretos asked Wednesday night : "  If there is a chink in the armor , where can Lin improve his game ? " The network said Sunday that a third reference was made on ESPN Radio New York on Friday . "  The incidents were separate and different , " ESPN said in a statement Sunday . "  We have engaged in a thorough review of all three . " Lin addressed the controversy during a news conference Sunday following the Knicks ' 104-97 win over the Dallas Mavericks , the defending national champions . He said he did not think the headline was intentional . "  I do n't think it was on purpose , " Lin said . "  At the same time , they 've apologized . I do n't care anymore . " ESPN said the writer of the headline that appeared on the network 's mobile website has been dismissed . Bretos has been suspended for 30 days . The radio commentator was not an ESPN employee . "  We again apologize , especially to Mr. Lin , " ESPN said . "  His accomplishments are a source of great pride to the Asian-American community , including the Asian-American employees at ESPN . "  Through self-examination , improved editorial practices and controls , and response to constructive criticism , we will be better in the future , " ESPN said .	NEW : "  I do n't think it was on purpose , " Lin says The headline was posted after the Knicks ' loss The network suspended an anchor who used the phrase It has apologized to Jeremy Lin and to the Asian - American community
CNN  -- Over the next week CNN has special coverage of one of the world 's biggest gatherings of the luxury industry from Basel , Switzerland , bringing you the views of the people behind some of the biggest brands . Companies suggest the top tier of luxury goods is less affected by the downturn . In this time of economic upheaval , these brands are being put to the test . People are spending their hard-earned money much more carefully . If they 're going to shell out thousands of dollars for a timepiece or a trinket they want to know it 's worth it . A luxury brand 's name , history and quality are cornerstones of its marketing and advertising . But is that enough ? That is the question we will ask the CEOs of brands like Chopard , Bulgari , Patek Phillippe and Tag Heuer , to name a few . There are conflicting reports over whether luxury brands are immune to the effects of a recession . Some suggest that people are not spending as much as they used to . Renowned British department store Harvey Nichols , which houses high-end luxury goods , posted a 40 percent drop in profits and a 5 percent drop in sales in the year ending March 31 , 2009 . Other reports however suggest that consumers are still spending , just more carefully . The CEOs of the high-end brands like Boucheron and Patek Phillippe tell us there are three tiers in the luxury industry : the lower level where the brand 's name is licensed and goods are mass marketed , the mid range where products are expensive but still widely available , and then there 's the top tier where the goods are only available to a select few . These products are very expensive and only a few pieces are produced . Companies suggest this top tier is n't really affected by the downturn as consumers at this level still can afford to spend . Can luxury brands survive ? Send us your views The CEOs also suggest this downturn means a return to the notion of true luxury that is defined by its aspirational , not affordable quality of a product or a lifestyle . Geography plays a big part in a brand and company 's sales and profitability . Before the credit crunch , the United States was the top market for luxury goods . Today some reports indicate that China has surpassed the U.S. for its hunger for designer brands . According to chinadaily.com , China consumed $ 8.6 billion worth of luxury goods in the two years ending January 2009 . The Middle East and emerging markets like India are also major hubs of luxury consumption as importers of luxury brands . Here companies have set up shop in cities from Dubai to Delhi . These markets have been seen almost as the life rafts in this turbulent economy because there , the thinking is , people will still spend , spend , spend on known brands . Last year at Baselworld , the then-CEO of the luxury watch brand Ebel , Thomas van der Kellen , told us that consumers in the emerging markets "  are growing opportunities for the luxury watch business ... the money is there , it 's very much a branded culture . . so we see a lot of opportunity to make up for potential loss on the western hemisphere . " The bottom line for all brands in the luxury industry is no one is exempt from feeling the constrictions of the market . Every aspect of the business is and will be affected in some way , whether it 's at the production end  rising costs of raw materials and manufacturing  to the retail end  flow of traffic into their stores  . What separates those who will survive and even flourish in this industry are the ones that define themselves as true and aspirational luxury where the product is seen as an investment and worth it .	Next week CNN focuses on some of the biggest names in luxury goods We ask CEOs of top brands how they plan to battle economic downturn Conflicting reports over whether luxury brands are immune to effects of recession
CNN  Jules Bianchi remains unconscious in a French hospital following his horrific crash at October 's Japanese Grand Prix , but the Formula One driver has begun a program of rehabilitation therapy , according to a statement released by his family on Tuesday . Bianchi , who suffered a head injury while driving for the now defunct Marussia team , skidded off the track in wet conditions and collided with a recovery vehicle . The Frenchman sustained a "  diffuse axonal injury " which causes widespread tearing of nerve fibers across the whole of the brain , according to UK brain charity , Headway . He returned to France last month and was treated at the intensive care unit of Le Centre Hospitalier Universitaire de Nice  CHU  before moving on to the rehabilitation center . "  As we reach the conclusion of a difficult year for our family , we wanted to take this opportunity to provide a further update regarding Jules ' medical situation , per our pledge to communicate continued information , when appropriate , to his many fans , " said the driver 's parents , Philippe and Christine in a statement . "  It was a significant and very comforting step for us to be able to bring Jules home to France last month , to continue his rehabilitation surrounded by his family and friends . This is very important for Jules and also for us . "  Jules ' neurological status remains unchanged ; he is unconscious but able to breathe unaided . Whilst there is no significant information to report , we take a great deal of comfort from the fact that Jules continues to fight , as we knew he would , and this has enabled the medical professionals caring for him to commence the planned , but very painstaking , program of rehabilitation therapy . " Bianchi 's parents say they will continue to provide updates of their son 's progress and thanked the public for their ongoing support . The statement added : "  As we reflect on the events of the past few months , we would like to acknowledge once again the overwhelming warmth and affection shown towards our son . These continue to be challenging times for our family , but the knowledge that he has touched the lives of so many people all around the world has helped us through . " Earlier this month , the FIA published a report which stated that Bianchi "  did not slow sufficiently to avoid losing control " during his crash at the Suzuka circuit . Bianchi 's Marussia team folded in November after administrators failed to find fresh investment . In the days after the crash , Marussia moved to address accusations that Bianchi had not reduced his speed and that the team had actively encouraged him not to do so . "  The Marussia F1 Team is shocked and angered by these allegations , " said the statement issued in October . "  At a time when its driver is critically ill in hospital , and the team has made clear that its highest priority is consideration for Jules and his family , it is distressed to have to respond to deeply upsetting rumors and inaccuracies in respect of the circumstances of Jules ' accident . "  Regarding point 1 , Jules did slow down under the double waved yellow flags . That is an irrefutable fact , as proven by the telemetry data , which the team has provided to the FIA . "  Regarding point 2 , an audio copy of the full radio transmission between Jules and the team , and a written transcript , were provided to the FIA . "  It is quite clear from the transmission and the transcript that at no point during the period leading up to Jules ' accident did the team urge Jules to drive faster or make any comments suggesting that he should do so . " The update on the French driver 's condition comes a day after the first anniversary of Michael Schumacher 's skiing accident . The seven-time world champion is continuing his recovery from the severe head injuries sustained in a crash at the French ski resort of Meribel on 29th December last year . Schumacher spent nine months in hospital in France following emergency brain surgery but was moved to the family home near Lake Geneva in Switzerland in September to continue his rehabilitation . While the German 's family declined to give an update on his condition , Formula One drivers and fans expressed their continuing support for the stricken driver on social media .	Jules Bianchi remains unconscious in French hospital Family says Formula One driver has started rehab Frenchman sustained a diffuse axonal injury at Japanese Grand Prix
CNN  -- A Sikh farmer in India has surpassed a month on a hunger strike , demanding the release of six men from his community jailed since the 1990s during a period of a deadly Sikh separatist movement in the country . Gurbaksh Singh Khalsa , 48 , began his protest on November 14 , his aide , Harpal Singh Cheema , told CNN . His hunger strike brings attention to the fates of Sikhs who were arrested and convicted for their actions during the separatist movement , but who , unlike others , have not had their sentences shortened . The fact that other Indians sentenced to life have been released earlier , but not the Sikhs , has some accusing the justice system of discrimination against the group . Those who support Khalsa 's hunger strike say it is long overdue that the cases of those Sikhs be reviewed . An armed Sikh rebellion operated in Punjab , the heartland of the faith , from the 1980s to the early 1990s , when it was crushed . Hiding from the massacre : 1984 remembered Many political leaders were assassinated during the insurgency . India 's then-Prime Minister Indira Gandhi was killed by her Sikh bodyguards in October 1984 , the same year she had ordered a military raid on the Golden Temple , the holiest of the Sikh shrines , to flush out militants holed up inside . Three of the six convicts whose freedom Khalsa is fighting for were arrested in 1995 for their alleged role in the assassination of Punjab 's then-Chief Minister , Beant Singh , in a car bombing . They were sentenced to life in prison . The others were convicted under a draconian anti-terror law that has since been repealed , civil rights lawyer H.S. Phoolka said . "  It is not unusual to set lifers free after they have served 14 years in prison , " Phoolka said . "  These prisoners should also be freed , as normalcy returned to Punjab long ago and they should be joining the mainstream now . " International rights groups have accused both the Sikh separatists and Indian forces of serious violations during the insurgency . The six Sikh inmates are lodged in the jails of the federally-administered territory of Chandigarh and in Punjab , Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh states . Khalsa is "  weak but says he will not end  his hunger strike  until he sees those six prisoners free , " his aide said . iReport : ` Free those political prisoners -LSB- who -RSB- should be legally free ' Khalsa 's protest , which has drawn support from across the Sikh political and religious spectrum , has gained a viral online attention , although the story is not prominent on India 's national media . "  A number of Sikhs were falsely arrested , charged and convicted . Many of them are still in jails despite their old age . It 's my personal opinion all such prisoners  $ " whichever community they may belong to  $ " should be set free now , " said Sukhdev Singh Bhaur , general secretary of the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee  SGPC  , the top Sikh religious administration in Punjab . "  It 's up to the discretion of those governments , administrations to reconsider their cases . We are trying our best , " Punjab government spokesman Harcharan Bains said . In India , state authorities can review a lifer 's case after a prisoner serving that sentence has spent 14 years , Bains and lawyer Phoolka said . "  But , otherwise , a life sentence means sentence until the last breath of the prisoner , " Bains said . Rights attorneys , however , say authorities are selectively rejecting reviews of Sikh inmates incarcerated during the Punjab militancy . "  There are numerous examples where life convicts have been prematurely released after undergoing imprisonment of 12 to 14 years or even less , " Phoolka said . "  It is a great discrimination against ... because of their religious beliefs . " Meantime , Human Rights Watch , in a statement to CNN , called upon Indian authorities not to let prisoners remain behind the bars beyond their sentences . "  There were serious human rights abuses during the Punjab insurgency , " the human rights group said . Both militants , with their attacks , and the security forces , abusing the now repealed terror law , committed human rights violations , the group said . Sikhs and rights bodies have also accused successive Indian governments of going soft on high-profile politicians suspected of perpetrating a massacre of Sikhs in and round New Delhi in the wake of Gandhi 's assassination . Official figures put the number of those killed in the 1984 anti-Sikh attacks at 2,733 in the Indian capital alone . Human rights activists say the death toll was much higher . "  Despite the findings of independent commissions , government forces or officials responsible for excesses , including during the 1984 riots , are yet to be properly prosecuted , " Human Rights Watch said in its statement . Himself a Sikh and the country 's first non-Hindu head of government , Indian prime minister Manmohan Singh issued a public apology for the deadly events -- 21 years after their occurrence . "  I have no hesitation in apologizing not only to the Sikh community but the whole Indian nation because what took place in 1984 is the negation of the concept of nationhood and what enshrined in our Constitution . So , I am not standing on any false prestige . On behalf of our government , on behalf of the entire people of this country , I bow my head in shame that such thing took place , " Singh told India 's Parliament in an impassioned address in 2005 .	Gurbaksh Singh Khalsa has been on a hunger strike for more than a month He is demanding the freedom of a group of Sikh separatists Both sides in the conflict during the 1980s and 1990s committed violations But some argue that the justice system has been harsher on the Sikhs
CNN  -- One of the men controversially pardoned earlier this year by Mississippi 's outgoing governor could land back behind bars after being charged with driving drunk and causing an accident that killed an 18-year-old woman . A Pontotoc County , Mississippi , grand jury has charged Harry Bostick with drunken driving leading to a death , felony drunken driving and fleeing the scene of an accident where a death occurred , according to the indictment filed on Thursday and obtained Monday by CNN . The accident happened in October . If convicted , Bostick could be sentenced to at least 30 years in prison . His attorney did not respond immediately to a call on Monday for comment . After the charges were handed up , Bostick turned himself in and a judge set bail at $ 50,000 , Paul Howell from the Pontotoc County prosecuting attorney 's office said . The 56-year-old posted bond on Friday and was released , according to official online records . This is n't Bostick 's first-run in with the law in Mississippi . He was convicted of felony drunken driving in March 2009 , soon after having been convicted in July 2008 and November 2008 for drunken driving . The former Internal Revenue Service investigator was one of nearly 200 convicted criminals , including four murderers , whom Gov. Haley Barbour pardoned shortly before leaving office earlier this year . The pardons elicited an uproar , with Attorney General Jim Hood leading a charge to overturn them . But after legal challenges , they were upheld . Bostick was still going through a court-mandated drug rehab program when he applied for his pardon last summer . On September 30 , the Mississippi Parole Board sent its review of Bostick 's application to Barbour , recommending a full pardon in a 3-2 vote . A week later , on October 7 , Bostick was driving under the influence again , according to the Mississippi Highway Patrol . Charity Smith attempted to pull out onto a highway just outside Tupelo when Bostick 's truck slammed into the side of her car , the patrol says . Smith was killed , and her older sister suffered serious injuries . Bostick was jailed for violating his probation from his previous DUI cases . In the grand jury indictment , Bostick is accused of "  willfully , unlawfully and feloniously " driving while intoxicated ; refusing to immediately stop or give his name , address or registration ; and having "  negligently " caused Smith 's death . When he received the pardon in January , the convicted DUI felon still sat in an Oxford , Mississippi , jail cell , awaiting formal charges for the arrest tied to that case . Barbour had said that he was n't aware of Bostick 's October 2011 DUI arrest when he chose to pardon him . But e-mails obtained by CNN show that the governor 's office did , in fact , know about it . Amanda Jones , the governor 's chief counsel , and Secretary of State Delbert Hosemann were told about the October car crash that killed Smith just days after it happened . Jones and Hosemann were even urged by a lawyer in the firm that represented Bostick not to issue the pardon , according to the e-mails . "  They knew it , and they did n't stop it , " Smith 's mother Linda Smith told CNN last month , after becoming overcome with emotion when she saw the e-mails . "  Why did n't they do something ? " It is not known whether anyone communicated this information to Barbour . His spokeswoman would not comment on the e-mails , citing an ongoing case on executive pardon power that is before the state Supreme Court . The full pardon granted by the governor , for the March 2009 conviction , gave Bostick back the rights that were taken away as a felon , such as voting . But his two other DUI convictions remain on his record , according to the state attorney 's office in Lafayette County . That means that Bostick will avoid the possibility of a stiffer sentence if he 's convicted on the charges tied to Smith 's death , because it will be treated as his third DUI offense instead of his fourth . However , he could be back to where he was before the pardon : as a convicted felon , thus losing the rights that were restored to him . Asked Monday night about the new charges , Linda Smith said she does n't want Bostick to get any more second chances . "  I hope no one gives him any more pardons , " Charity 's mother said . "  I pray for justice . " CNN 's Rich Phillips and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : The mother of a crash victim says , "  I hope no one gives him any more pardons " Harry Bostick is charged with drunken driving in an October crash that killed a teen Ex-Mississippi Gov. Barbour pardoned him for the third conviction , giving him rights E-mails show Barbour 's staff knew about the fatal crash before the pardon was issued
CNN  -- Mom-to-be Maggie Baumann knew she most definitely would not be "  eating for two . " She could n't . During her first pregnancy , she was extremely preoccupied with just how many calories she consumed and stuck to a very strict exercise routine . "  Getting on the scale at the doctor 's office was very triggering for me , " said Baumann of Newport Beach , California , who is now an eating disorders specialist and trauma therapist who devotes some of her practice to pregnant women and moms suffering from eating disorders . She gained 32 pounds during her first pregnancy , which is very much in line with the 25 to 35 pounds doctors say , on average , a woman who is expecting should gain . But , during her second pregnancy , she was not going to let "  that " happen again , she said in an interview . ` Pregorexia ' "  I was just like , I am not doing that again , I am not getting that big . I am not getting that out of control , " said Baumann , who first went public about her experience in a blog in 2009 and is now co-writing a chapter on pregnancy and eating disorders in a book to be published in 2014 . She did n't realize it at the time but she was one of a number of women with an extreme obsession with weight during pregnancy , battling what has become known as "  pregorexia . " Pregorexia is not a formally recognized medical diagnosis . It is a term coined by the media , public and doctors in recent years to describe the eating disorder behaviors experienced by women while pregnant , which could include intense dieting and exercise , but also binging and purging . 30 % of pregnant women in U.S. do n't gain enough While there are no known statistics on just how many pregnant women experience pregorexia , it is estimated that about 30 % of American women do n't gain enough weight during pregnancy , according to Dr. Ovidio Bermudez , the chief medical officer at the Eating Recovery Center in Denver , Colorado . "  I think you 've got to be careful not to overdraw conclusions , " Bermudez said . He wanted to make clear that not every woman who "  struggles with weight gain " during pregnancy has an eating disorder . "  But I think there is a significant number for whom this is really another struggle , another manifestation of their eating disorder-related pathology . And those are probably the folks that are going to take it more to an extreme and the folks more likely to suffer their own health consequences as well as putting their pregnancy and the fetus , the baby , at risk , " he said . In Baumann 's case , she began intense and extended workouts , and she was not eating enough . At 11 weeks , after she experienced bleeding in her uterus , her doctor , fearing she could miscarry , instructed her to stop all exercise immediately . She did n't because she could n't . At seven months , there were worries the baby was too small and was n't getting enough nutrients . "  It did not register to me like , ` OK , now I need to start trying for this baby , ' " said Baumann . "  I was like , ` Oh well , I wo n't go to the gym ... I 'll just go and exercise somewhere else . I 'm doing what I 'm supposed to be doing but not really . ' " It was her secret . No one knew about the extended workouts , the calorie restriction , the eating disorder behaviors she battled throughout her life and now again as a mom-to-be . No one knew how horrible she felt about herself . "  The biggest factor is the shame because what mom ... would be restricting her calories or over-exercising and hurting her baby ? " said Baumann . Celebrity media culture plays a role It has almost become a given now in our tabloid and celebrity media-obsessed culture , said Claire Mysko , spokeswoman for the National Eating Disorders Association , that any time a celebrity is pregnant , there will be a 24/7 focus on how much weight she gains and how quickly she loses it . Think Kate Middleton . Beyonce . Victoria Beckham . "  Between 2003 and 2005 , the number of baby-related , baby weight-related covers on tabloids doubled and since then , it 's almost become an expectation now that if a celebrity is pregnant , there will be a mention of her body during pregnancy and then there 's the countdown to how fast she 's going to get the weight off , " said Mysko , co-author of the book "  Does this Pregnancy Make Me Look Fat ? " In interviews with more than 400 women for her book , Mysko said she and her co-author looked at the impact of this media coverage on women , who increasingly feel the pressure to have the "  perfect " pregnancy and quickly get their bodies back . "  I think that absolutely has an effect on women and it absolutely fuels , I think , and validates this obsession with weight during pregnancy and after , " said Mysko . "  We ca n't necessarily make a direct connection between whether that has increased the rate or the incidence of eating disorders , but certainly it has amped up this anxiety that women feel . " Women who had eating disorders more at risk Women like Baumann , who battled eating disorders earlier in their lives , are much more likely to suffer from eating disorders while pregnant , experts say . "  I would say for women who know that they have a history of poor body image and disordered eating to really take that seriously as they enter into pregnancy and to be up-front about that history with your prenatal and post-partum health care providers , " said Mysko . Women who might have some concerns can always contact the National Eating Disorders Association helpline , she said . But an eating disorder in your past does n't guarantee you 'll have one during pregnancy . In fact , Mysko , who had an eating disorder in her teens , found that she appreciated her body in a new way during pregnancy . Her daughter is 3 now . I had a similar experience . Like so many , I battled bulimia in college and still have small bouts of binge eating , even now in my 40s . But during my two pregnancies , I felt better about myself and my body than really at any other time in my life . Lack of acceptance should be the "  warning sign " that a mom-to-be could be experiencing or on the brink of eating disorder behavior , said Bermudez of the Eating Recovery Center , who is a former chairman of the National Eating Disorders Association . "  So , if the dialogue instead of ` Gee , is my baby going to be healthy and what am I going to name him or her ? ' becomes ` What does this mean for me and what am I going to look like ? And are you still going to love me ? ' especially to an exaggerated degree , one has to begin to say there is an issue with acceptance here , " he said . ' I felt like I did this to her ' When Baumann delivered her second child , she had gained only 18 pounds , compared to the 32 she gained during her first pregnancy . Her daughter developed seizures during the first months of her life , which her doctor said were possibly connected to the poor nutrition she received in the womb . " ' I felt like I did this to her , and I blamed myself and my eating disorder got worse , " said Baumann . Nearly 10 years later , she finally got treatment by going to the Remuda Ranch in Arizona , a residential treatment center for women with anorexia and bulimia . Her daughter , now in her 20s and perfectly healthy , was angry at her mother when she found out what she had done during the pregnancy . "  I had to let her be angry at me , " said Baumann . "  She had to process knowing that I did this and thinking , ` Why would n't my mom feed me ? ' " "  Even coming from her end , it 's unbelievable because if you do n't have an eating disorder , it 's very hard to understand , " she said . Baumann , who devotes most of her time to the issue of eating disorders , is teaming up with the Illinois-based Timberline Knolls Treatment Center next year to launch what she says will be the first Web-based support group for pregnant women and moms with eating disorders . "  There are so many moms ... pregnant women , they 're so ashamed , they do n't want to tell anyone that they are doing what they are doing , " said Baumann . But , she says , women should know that they are not alone and that they can be helped . "  You can recover from your eating disorder , and you can recover from being a mom or a pregnant woman with an eating disorder , and that shame , " said Baumann . "  You can recover from that . " Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter , and like CNN Living on Facebook .	"  Pregorexia " is used to describe pregnant women who are obsessive about weight gain 30 % of pregnant women in the U.S. wo n't gain enough weight during pregnancy , doctors say Focus on pregnant celebrities ' weight affects other pregnant women , says one author Women with past eating disorders are more likely to have food issues in pregnancy
CNN  -- Investigators have found the vehicle of a University of Georgia professor wanted in the killing of three people . Authorities examine a Jeep belonging to professor George Zinkhan on Friday in Clarke County , Georgia . Police found George Zinkhan 's vehicle early Friday in northwestern Clarke County , home to the University of Georgia , the university said in a statement . Authorities have been looking for a 2005 red Jeep Liberty that Zinkhan was driving when he was last seen six days ago after a shooting left three people dead , including his wife . Last Saturday 's shootings happened at a community theater group 's reunion in Athens , Georgia , just off campus . The university fired Zinkhan from his job as a marketing professor the day after the shootings . Zinkhan had purchased a plane ticket to the Netherlands for travel on Saturday , said Gregory Jones , special agent in charge of the FBI 's Atlanta , Georgia , office , this week . Authorities have said Zinkhan owns a home in Amsterdam , Netherlands . Police Capt. Clarence Holeman identified the dead as Marie Bruce , 47 , Zinkhan 's wife and an Athens attorney ; Tom Tanner , 40 ; and Ben Teague , 63 . Holeman said it appeared that Zinkhan "  and his wife were having problems . " Police said Zinkhan has relatives in Texas as well as in the Netherlands . University Police Chief Jimmy Williams said Monday that authorities do not believe Zinkhan remains on campus or in Athens . However , he said , security has been beefed up on campus , including officers on foot patrols carrying semiautomatic weapons . The victims were all associated with the Town and Gown Players , a theater group that was holding a reunion picnic at the time of the shootings . "  The three people we lost were a part of the rich 50-year history of this theater and , more than that , were vital members of the Town and Gown family , " the organization said on its Web site . The site described Bruce as "  the binding force that held the Town and Gown community together . " "  Having worked with Town and Gown for over 20 years , at one time or another she served in every capacity at the theater , artistically and administratively , from leading lady to president of the board to chief cook and bottle washer . " Police said Zinkhan arrived while the Town and Gown event was under way . According to Holeman of the Athens police , Zinkhan got into "  a disagreement " with his wife . He left the scene -- police believe he went to his car , where the couple 's children apparently were waiting -- and returned with two handguns . The shootings "  only took a few minutes , " Holeman said . Police found eight shell casings , he said . After the shootings , Zinkhan left the scene with his children -- ages 8 and 10 -- still in the vehicle , police said . He drove to a neighbor 's house in nearby Bogart , Georgia , where he lived , and left the children there . The neighbor , Bob Covington , said that Zinkhan arrived at his home shortly after noon Saturday with the two children . "  He rang the doorbell -- asked me if I could keep his kids for about an hour , " Covington said . "  I said sure , and he said there 'd been some type of emergency , and he took off . " An hour or so later , Covington said , police arrived and took the children .	University of Georgia professor sought in shooting deaths of wife and two others Investigators find professor George Zinkhan 's Jeep near Athens , Georgia University fired marketing professor after off-campus shootings Zinkhan had purchased plane ticket to the Netherlands , FBI agent says
Motilal Kushwaha had promised the Hindu goddess Gadhimai that he would offer her a male goat if one of his children found a job . Last year his son was successful -- and on Saturday he was one of tens of thousands of people killing the animals at the temple of Gadhimai in southern Nepal as part of the biggest religious mass slaughter in the world . "  From my village everyone has made a vow -LSB- to offer animals -RSB- , " says Kushwaha from Bariyarpur , a community in Bara district about 60 miles south of Kathmandu . Some , he explains , are glad they have got a son or a daughter , others that a different form of good fortune has befallen them . The ritual sacrifice of goats , buffaloes and roosters in temples and at home is widespread in Nepal where 80 percent of the population are Hindu . Some five million people from adjoining districts -- and also from the bordering Indian states of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh -- will attend the festival , according to local authorities , although only two days are dedicated to the sacrificial ritual itself . The slaughter follows a set pattern : on Friday male water buffalo calves are killed while on Saturday attentions switches to goats . Officials estimate that up to 10,000 buffalo calves and 150,000 goats will be offered to Gadhimai -- the goddess of power -- during the ritual . Watch a CNNi report on the ritual But these numbers will be much lower than those of 2009 , the last time the five-yearly Gadhimai festival took place , thanks to advocacy efforts by animal rights activists . In that year nearly 20,000 buffalo calves were killed , according to temple officials and more than 200,000 goats were slaughtered . "  We object to the cruelty with which animals are treated , " says Pramada Shah of Animal Welfare Network Nepal . "  There is random hacking of animals in open space . Not all animals have their heads chopped off . Some take up to 40 minutes to die . " The participants -- who hack the animals in an enclosed arena with large knives -- are licensed by the Gadhimai Festival Management and Development Committee . This year about 400 people will kill animals , according to Kushwaha , who is also the committee 's secretary . The animals not only suffer while they are being killed : they are also transported over long distances on foot . "  By the time they get to the festival venue they are half dead , " says Shah . "  They are kept two or three days without food after they are brought here . " Activists have gone to the courts in Nepal and India to halt the sacrifices . Last month Nepal 's Supreme Court did not stop the animal sacrifices but ruled that existing laws have to be followed . "  If the existing laws are implemented there would be no ritual sacrifices , " says Shambhu Thapa , the lawyer who filed the case , explaining that only animals killed in a slaughterhouse are fit to be eaten .  The meat of the sacrificed animal is usually eaten , or given away to meat-eaters for their consumption . Courts in India also directed the Indian government not to control the unnecessary export of animals to Nepal . The Indian authorities , for their part , had directed security agencies and state governments to check the flow of livestock to the neighboring country . In a letter to the Uttar Pradesh government seen by CNN , India 's Home Ministry estimated in September as many as 90,000 buffaloes would be "  illegally " transported to Nepal for the festival . But animals continue to flow into Nepal through the porous and open border . "  The border can not be controlled and corruption is endemic , " says Shah . Nepalese authorities are also reluctant to stop the ritual sacrifice . "  We can not do this , " explains chief district officer Dulal . "  We can not speak against it . This is something to do with culture . " Kushwaha adds : "  If we tell the people to stop the sacrifices , they will come to kill us . This is something related to people 's religion and faith . " Hindu religion does not support the ritual sacrifice of animals , says Shah . "  We consulted religious priests on the matter , " she says . Activists in Gadhimai , meanwhile , are confident that there will be changes in people 's attitudes . Uttimlal Chaurasiya , from Bariyarpur , claims that some 40 percent of the women in the village have said that they will not sacrifice animals . Three years ago he started a campaign showing videos of cruelty to animals at the festival to villagers . While awareness is being raised at a local level , he believes binding laws are still needed to stop the sacrifices . "  All living creatures are equal in the eyes of god , " he says . "  Instead of animals we can offer gourds , pumpkins , coconuts and sweets to the goddess . " The festival management committee can not stop the animal sacrifices , but if the government asks the committee can discuss the issue , says Kushwaha . Shah and other activists had been working with the government since the last festival in 2009 to stop the sacrifices but although there was some progress , a government decision was not reached . Meanwhile , on Friday morning tens of thousands of people gathered around the temple in Bara district , southern Nepal , waiting for the sacrificial ritual to begin . "  People seem to be in a merry mood and look like they have been waiting for this moment for ages , " says Niraj Gautam , an animal welfare activist , from Bariyarpur . "  But it is a sad day for us . " He estimates 6,000 to 8,000 water buffaloes will be randomly hacked , not necessarily by having their heads chopped off . "  Any part of the body can be cut , " he says . "  Last time round we saw buffalo walking with their head hanging . "	Thousands of water buffalo and goats will be slaughtered in Nepal 's Gadhimai festival Held every five years , the festival is dedicated to a Hindu goddess of power Animal rights activists have campaigned to change attitudes and reduce the killing
CNN  -- A Guinean court has filed charges against an army colonel for his alleged role in mass rapes and killings after security forces opened fire on protesters in 2009 . Lt. Col. Moussa Camara is the highest ranking official charged in the attacks on demonstrators gathered in a Conakry stadium to protest the military rule in the country at the time . More than 150 people died in the ensuing chaos and 109 women were sexually abused , the United Nations said in a statement . "  Women were raped by soldiers in the stadium . I saw them , " former Guinean prime minister Sidya Toure said at the time . Toure led the country from 1996-1999 , and was participating in the peaceful demonstration in the capital . The Guinean government has said most of the victims were crushed as the crowd stormed the stadium doors . "  The recent charges are a welcome step in the right direction . They signal that no official is above the law , and no citizen is below it , " said Margaret Wallstrom , a U.N. special representative on sexual violence in conflict . Wallstrom highlighted the need to protect survivors while prosecuting those responsible for crimes against humanity . "  There remains an urgent need to assist the survivors and bring the remaining perpetrators to justice , " she said . "  It is equally crucial that all victims , other witnesses and their families are afforded full protection and that no effort is spared to ensure their safety throughout this process . " Tens of thousands of people had gathered to protest the rule of Capt. Moussa Dadis Camara , who seized power in a bloodless coup . Military rule in the nation ended in 2010 , when President Alpha Conde took over after winning elections .	Lt. Col. Moussa Camara is the highest ranking official charged in the attacks More than 150 people died in the ensuing chaos At least 109 women were sexually abused , the U.N. says
Mattias ' baby picture sits prominently on the Mosquera family 's mantel in their home in Teaneck , New Jersey , his tiny hand wrapped around his mom 's index finger . The first moments of a baby 's life are always filled with photographic milestones . From the cutting of the umbilical cord to the first mother-child portrait to bringing a little one home , there 's typically a camera close by to document every step . On most mantels , those framed memories would grow : from the first day of school to high school prom , to cap and gown and beyond . But for Mattias , it 's just the one . At just 7 hours old on July 9 , 2014 , Mattias passed away surrounded by his parents , grandparents , 4-year-old sister and Domenica Comfort , one of many photographers who have taken it upon themselves to document stillborn and terminal babies ' precious moments after birth . "  She took the time to photograph his little hands , his little feet , his hair , his ears , everything about him , " Maria Cecilia Mosquera , Mattias ' mother , said of Comfort . " ... All his beautiful little features , which in the seven hours he lived , I did n't have time to fully appreciate . " It 's a sad fact that tens of thousands of families in the United States each year mourn an infant whose life was measured in hours , or less . Approximately 26,000 babies in the United States each year are stillborn , according to the National Institutes of Health . Another 11,300 babies in the United States , on average , die each year on the day they 're born , according to a report from Save the Children . And that 's not counting a pregnancy miscarriage rate of 15 % to 20 % . When Maria Cecilia was about 20 weeks pregnant , she and her family found out Mattias had Trisomy 18 , a chromosomal condition with which fewer than 10 % of newborns survive to their first birthdays . Mosquera stumbled upon the idea of remembrance , or bereavement , photography on an online support group for moms carrying babies with poor prognoses . From there , she was connected to Now I Lay Me Down to Sleep , a national organization that connects parents who are losing or have just lost a baby to photographers , free of charge . "  I treasure each and every photo as the seven hours we had with him , we can never get back -- except through these photos , " Mosquera said . ` Beauty and blessings ' Photographer Sandy Puc ' co-founded Now I Lay Me Down To Sleep with Cheryl Haggard after Haggard and her husband called Puc ' in February 2005 to take black-and-white portraits of them cradling their dying 6-day old son . "  That night was the worst night of my life , " Haggard said , in a statement published on the site . "  But when I look at the images , I am not reminded of my worst night . I 'm reminded of the beauty and blessings he brought . " The two women realized that other families in that situation may want tangible , photographic portraits of their babies as part of the bereavement process -- and to reference years down the road . Now , their organization is in 40 countries with approximately 11,000 photographers . "  The bottom line is you know you 're giving the family something priceless : a tool to use to heal , " Puc ' said . "  It 's anything but macabre ; it 's very beautiful and moving . " Todd Hochberg of Evanston , Illinois , has been photographing perinatal loss for 17 years and is considered a pioneer in the field . His work helped set the tone for organizations like Now I Lay Me Down To Sleep . "  It literally changed my life in 45 minutes , " Hochberg said of his first session . He started as a medical photographer in the hospital to capture surgeries for educational publications and corporate communications , but soon was drawn to the human stories of the NICU . "  I meet families at the most difficult time , " Hochberg said . "  It is not a portrait of a dead child , but rather this incredible unfolding story of love and loss . " Hochberg says it 's important to note that these images are n't intended to frighten but to inform and validate an experience that is often upsetting for the parents and their family . "  The most difficult picture often becomes the most important one for them . And it does n't mean it 's pleasant , " he said . Facing grief With any mode of grief , what works for one family might not work for another . Hochberg said he hopes his photos help destigmatize miscarriage and infant loss and challenge the assumption that the parents ' grief must be less because they did n't have much time to get to know their child . He also wants to encourage grieving families to talk about their loss and not sweep it under the rug because of dated societal constraints . Rana Limbo , who helped found the bereavement organization Resolve Through Sharing , says this is important to note for any family or friend of someone who is going through this situation . "  Some people incorrectly equate length of life with level of relationship with a child , " she said . Limbo said that women who experience a miscarriage form relationships with their babies at the very earliest stages of pregnancy . But they are often reluctant to talk about them . "  Because they presume that others will not understand these deeply felt emotions , they choose to keep the loss to themselves , " she said . So if you know someone who has miscarried or lost a very young child , how do you talk to them about it ? Limbo suggests calling their baby by name if one was chosen and to use the term , "  I remember " in sharing one 's memories of the baby . Also , she said , never try to find the silver lining with "  at least " phrases like "  at least you know you can get pregnant . " An open ear opens the door for as little or as much conversation as the parents ' want to share at that time , Limbo said . "  You can open the door with , ` Tell me more ' or ' I think about you all the time . ' ` Tell me how you are , ' " she said . How to help Limbo said that if you know a friend or family member going through this , do NOT :  Try to explain or rationalize what happened : "  God must have needed another angel in heaven , " or "  It was nature 's way . "  Start any sentence with "  At least . "  Not mention the baby .  Use the parents ' story as a springboard for your own : "  Well , when my sister had a miscarriage , she ... " Or "  When I was pregnant ... "  Talk more than you listen .  Be silent .	Remembrance photography is offered to families to help cope with the grief of a lost baby Todd Hochberg is a pioneer in the field of perinatal bereavement photography Do not equate the baby 's length of life with the level of the relationship , one expert says October is National Pregnancy and Infant Loss Awareness Month .
CNN  -- Henrik Stenson kept his cool to collect the biggest paycheck of his career Sunday , landing a $ 10 million FedEx Cup jackpot along with the $ 1.44 million prize for winning the Tour Championship in Atlanta . The Swede , who also collected $ 1.44 million for winning the Deutsche Bank Championship earlier this month , finished three shots clear of young American hope Jordan Spieth and veteran Steve Stricker . The 37-year-old went into the final day at East Lake with a four-stroke advantage , having been nine ahead halfway through Saturday 's round , but Spieth ate into that as he fired a superb six-under-par 64 . The 20-year-old , who won his first PGA Tour title in July while still a teen , had carded eight birdies until his second bogey at 17 dimmed his hopes of a remarkable victory . "  It 's been a dream come true , " said Spieth , who had nine top-10 finishes in his rookie year . Stricker , second behind Stenson in Boston and tied for fourth at last week 's BMW Championship , made his charge with an eagle three at the 15th but he could only par from there as he also finished on 10 under . It put the 46-year-old in third place in the FedEx Cup standings , while Spieth was seventh . Stenson had given them hope when he dropped a shot at 14 , but allayed any fears of another blowout like Saturday as he bounced back immediately with a birdie and finished with pars to complete a memorable wire-to-wire victory . Webb Simpson shot the round of the day , a flawless seven-birdie 63 that lifted the 2012 U.S. Open winner up to fourth on 271 -- two shots ahead of his successor Justin Rose  67  . Dustin Johnson , whose late charge collapsed with a triple-bogey seven at the 17th hole , rebounded with a birdie at the last to claim sixth place . Tiger Woods had led the FedEx Cup standings going into the fourth and final playoff event , but ended up second behind Stenson after finishing tied for 22nd in the 30-man field . The world No. 1 said he was happy after carding his best round of the week , a five-birdie 67 . "  There are days where I just do n't have it , " said the American , who has won five tournaments this year but struggled in the four majors . "  Game does n't feel right . Body does n't feel right . Things just do n't work . But I still grind it out and post some numbers . "  I wish I would have been a little more consistent in some of the events , but overall , at the end of the day , to add to the win total for the year , it 's always a good thing . " Woods ' old rival Phil Mickelson was tied for 12th after a 68 , which put the British Open champion on four under along with Keegan Bradley -- who eagled the par-four seventh in his 67 . Masters champion Adam Scott was another shot back tied for 14th after carding a mixed 69 which featured a double bogey and four birdies . Last season 's FedEx Cup winner Brandt Snedeker , who has battled bone disease this year , tied for 20th after closing with 68 .	Swedish golfer Henrik Stenson wins PGA Tour 's end-of-season playoffs The 37-year-old triumphs at Tour Championship , having also won in Boston Win lifts him above previous FedEx Cup leader Tiger Woods , who ties for 22nd Veteran Steve Stricker ties for second in Atlanta with young American Jordan Spieth
CNN  -- Not knowing exactly where my ancestors come from has always bothered me . I know my grandparents were born in the United States and believe my great-grandparents were too , but beyond that my family tree is pretty bare . Adding some leaves and figuring out my family 's origins have been on my life "  to do " list for a few decades now and while I still need to do the work , I 'm heartened to learn a little bit more about the cousins I never knew I had . You see , I 'm related to President Barack Obama , Albert Einstein , George Clooney , Julia Roberts , and even my fellow CNN colleague Chris Cuomo , co-host of "  New Day . " Really , I am . The credit for learning about my new-found family connections goes to best-selling author A.J. Jacobs , the guy who lived life according to the Bible for a year for his book "  The Year of Living Biblically " and tried every imaginable diet and workout for another book , "  Drop Dead Healthy . " He 's now trying to build a family tree of the entire world  and stage the world 's biggest family reunion -- more on that later  . His inspiration , he says , came from an email from a man who said he was Jacobs ' 12th cousin . "  I was a little bit creeped out , " Jacobs joked during an interview . "  But then it turned out he really was . He had a family tree of 80,000 people on it . " Jacobs , an editor at large for Esquire magazine and a father of three , said he became obsessed with genealogy , playing around on sites such as Geni.com , WikiTree.com and FamilySearch.com , which he says have "  megamonster family trees " with millions of people on them . He 's also interviewed hundreds of people -- from scientists to genealogists to statisticians -- and is working with hundreds of volunteers to create the world 's family tree and track down his own cousins . He learned he 's related to celebrities  Gwyneth Paltrow , Olivia Wilde  , current and former presidents  Barack Obama , Bill Clinton , George H.W. Bush  , and even a wizard . OK , not a real wizard exactly . "  A.J. Jacobs is my cousin , and I 'm his cousin , and we are probably cousins , " said Daniel Radcliffe of "  Harry Potter " fame in a video for Jacobs ' project .  Side note : If my daughters learn we 're related to "  Harry Potter , " they will fully expect an invitation to Hogwarts ! To find out who you are related to , head to GlobalFamilyReunion.com and try to have the names and approximate birth dates of your grandparents and the names of any semi-famous relatives and ancestors handy ! Jacobs likes to show how some of the people you would never imagine are related actually are . For example , he points to Obama and his 44 cousins in the U.S. Senate , including Republican Sen. Ted Cruz , one of the biggest critics in the Congress of the Obama administration . Cruz is actually the husband of the President 's 14th cousin once removed . "  Wonder how they 'll take the news ? " I asked Jacobs . "  I 'm hoping it would nudge people to be a little more open-minded , " he said , admitting to being slightly idealistic . "  I do n't think it 's going to cause world peace to break out , but I think it will help . It ca n't hurt . " Now will the Obamas invite the Cruzes for Christmas dinner ? And will they invite my family since we are related to the Obamas , too ? "  I just love the fact you can take any two people , any two people on the street ... and see how they 're related , " said Jacobs , declining to speculate on whether we 'll actually get a holiday invitation from the first family . "  And it drives home this extraordinary fact that we all do come from the same ancestors . " "  We are all one big family . " In that spirit , Jacobs is planning what he calls a Global Family Reunion for June 6 , 2015 , in New York City . Tell your first and second and third cousins and beyond , because Jacobs is trying to break the Guinness Book of World Records when it comes to family reunions . The current record is 4,514 , he said . "  I 'm shooting for at least 5,000 at my family reunion . " I asked Jacobs if he 's worried that the current record holder , a family in France , might get wind of his project and try to top it . "  Listen I am very inclusive . I welcome the competition , " he said . "  I want my reunion to have satellite reunions around the world . Maybe they can have their reunion at the same time . I 've got to give them a call . " Jacobs ' effort to hold the largest family reunion ever will be the subject of a book he 's writing . The documentary filmmaker Morgan Spurlock , host of CNN 's ' "  Inside Man , " is also making a movie about it . All proceeds from the Global Family Reunion will go to fight Alzheimer 's , a disease that "  affects 60 million members of the human family , " he said . There is one downside to the "  we are all related " concept , he conceded . Let 's just say it can get uncomfortable at times , such as when you marry your cousin . "  It did happen to me , " said Jacobs . He and his wife did DNA testing using the site 23andMe . com and learned they are cousins -- not second or third cousins but distant cousins nonetheless . "  I think it adds a little spice to the marriage , " said Jacobs with a smile , which seemed to imply that I might stop laughing once he told me more . "  I am sorry to say you are married to your cousin as well , " he said . "  You married your cousin , so did everybody watching . " Oh my ! Would you attend the Global Family Reunion ? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Best-selling author A.J. Jacobs is trying to build a family tree of the entire world He can show President Obama is related to 44 U.S. senators , including Republican Ted Cruz Jacobs hopes to hold a Global Family Reunion in June 2015 His goal is to break the Guinness Book of World Records for family reunions
CNN  To some , the hijab is a symbol of female oppression and Islamic fundamentalism . But to Nazma Khan , a Muslim who moved from Bangladesh to New York at age 11 , the headscarf is a symbol of her religious belief in beauty through modesty . "  Modesty is part of our Islamic faith , " Khan wrote in an email . "  No one should be discriminated  against  for following their faith . " So Khan started World Hijab Day to build empathy for this perspective and to encourage non-Muslims , and Muslims who do n't normally wear a hijab , to try it out . The Arabic word hijab refers not just to a headscarf but to modest dress and behavior in general . "  Our goal is to foster global religious tolerance and understanding through hijab awareness . Many women get discriminated  against  simply because they choose to wear the hijab , " Khan said . "  Hopefully , this event will make people realize that women who wear the hijab are just like anyone else . They 're not oppressed or are forced to wear it . They just simply want to follow their faith by being modest , just like Mary  mother of Jesus  . " For the first time in its three-year run , Sunday 's World Hijab Day became a trending topic on social media as women supported the effort in events worldwide and shared images tagged #WorldHijabDay . "  Covering up should be a free choice ! I may not be Muslim or religious but I support the beauty a hijab can bring to a woman , " said one woman who shared an image through the World Hijab Day website . The concept of modesty is not unique to Islam . Other religions , including Judaism and Christianity , embrace the concept . Still , public expression of hijab can be controversial and often misunderstood -- especially in the United States -- despite being protected by the First Amendment right to free speech and freedom of religion . My Take : My hijab is my hoodie Many hijabis , or wearers of hijabs , are stigmatized for the practice , Khan said , speaking from experience . After moving with her family to the U.S. , she says , she was taunted and called names for wearing hijab to school . The harassment continued into high school and college and became worse after the September 11 terrorist attacks . "  I always faced the following question : ` Why do n't you ever dress normal ? ' " she said . "  I constantly lived in fear as I was called names such as Osama , terrorist , etc. . It was a total nightmare . " In summer 2011 , after friends from around the world shared similar stories of harassment , Khan began pondering solutions . "  I kept on thinking how can I help them and myself ? " she said . "  I thought if I could invite other women  Muslim & non-Muslims  to walk in my shoes just for one day , perhaps , things would change . " This year , "  ambassadors " in 33 countries organized World Hijab Day events . Organizers in Canada , for example , invited the public to try on hijabs at a mall in Fort McMurray , Alberta . Kiran Malik-Khan , the organizer of that event , made the choice to start covering her head four years ago after a pilgrimage to Mecca , Islam 's holiest site . Born in Pakistan and raised in New Jersey , the 37-year-old United Way employee has practiced Islam all her life . The spiritual journey moved her to embrace her faith in a deeper way through hijab . "  I did it because I wanted to do it . It 's progress for me as a Muslim woman , the next step in my faith , " said Khan  no relation to Nazma Khan  . "  It 's moving forward religiously . If you 're raised in Islam , then you want to embrace everything it says . For me , personally , that progress was doing the hijab . " She became involved in hijab activism in 2014 , when Quebec 's national assembly began hearings on a secular charter to ban overt religious symbols in the public-sector workplace . She felt compelled to start speaking up in her community to help others understand that , for people like her , the hijab is a choice , not an imposition . "  If we keep living in our silos , we will never be able to break down barriers and stereotypes , " she said . "  Social justice is not a spectator sport , so if we do n't work for it , nothing will change . "	World Hijab Day seeks to raise awareness about modest Muslim dress The organizer says many women wear hijabs by choice , not because they 're forced to The headscarf is a way of expressing modesty , a key tenet of the Muslim faith
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It may lack the prestige of Cannes , but this year 's Sydney Film Festival was an equally glitzy and glamorous affair , attracting some Hollywood heavyweights . Darlene Johnson is a rising star among the new wave of Aboriginal filmmakers currently being feted in the country . In its 55th year , the 10th oldest film festival in the world , showcased an array of Antipodean and global talent . But one group that has been woefully ignored by Australian cinema are its indigenous people or Aborigines as they are more commonly known . The indigenous cultures of Australia are said to be some of the oldest in the world -- going back at least 65,000 years , it is argued . However , throughout the country 's history , Aborigines have been marginalized and discriminated against in Australia . In films , Aboriginal people were often portrayed as the threatening , primitive "  other , " in need of civilization by the white settlers . Examples of this treatment can be found going back to the early 20th century , in the 1936 film "  Uncivilized " and the 1950 film "  Bitter Springs . " Widely recognized as natural story tellers , with a long history of oral tradition , passed down through generations , indigenous people have fought to develop a distinctive voice and have a determining role in how they are represented in Australia . One of the earliest instances of filmmaking by an indigenous director was the 1979 film , "  My Survival as an Aborigine , " by civil rights campaigner Essie Coffey . However , it was not until the early 1990s that the government made a commitment to encourage and nurture Aboriginal filmmakers with the foundation of the indigenous branch of the Australian Film Commission  AFC  . Over the past ten years , the unit has discovered and nurtured a range of award-winning talents , like Tracey Moffat and Ivan Sen. Australia now has a growing number of outstanding indigenous actors and directors and there is a growing buzz around several films being developed by these filmmakers . Writer-director Richard Frankland , who recently finished a road trip comedy titled "  To Hell and Back , " says he wants to do for Australian film "  what Bill Cosby and Richard Pryor did in the 70s and 80s -LSB- for black people in U.S. films -RSB- " The interest in Aboriginal films has reached fever pitch with established white directors like Philip Noyce and Rolf de Heer also making films with indigenous themes . Noyce 's powerful 2002 film "  Rabbit Proof Fence " was based on the true story of the "  Stolen Generation " of Aboriginal children , who were forcibly removed from their families and placed with white foster parents . While de Heer 's successful 2006 film "  Ten Canoes " was the first ever to be filmed entirely in one of Australia 's indigenous languages . It was screened at the Cannes film festival , where de Heer received a special jury prize . Among the rising indigenous stars of the future is award winning director Darlene Johnson who is from the Dunghutti tribe . Johnson 's documentary "  Stolen Generations " , was nominated for an International Emmy in 2000 . She is currently working on her first feature film , "  Obelia " , which will be produced by Phillip Noyce . She told CNN her work is primarily driven by a passion to give a voice to her people . "  I have a love and a passion to tell indigenous stories on the screen . I basically want to see more black people on the screen and some of their stories represented . " "  We are very fortunate in Australia that we have funding from the government and the AFC , they have been instrumental in supporting indigenous filmmakers and developing their careers , " she told The Screening Room . Her touching film "  River of No Return " follows indigenous actress and star of "  Ten Canoes , " Frances Djulibing as she strives to achieve her dream of becoming a movie star like her idol Marilyn Monroe . Watch an extract from River of No Return Frances , a 42-year-old mother of three from the remote community of Ramingining in North East Arnhem Land , approached Johnson to make the documentary . "  Frances had an identification with Marilyn Monroe and skin color did n't seem to be an issue or a barrier , Johnson tells CNN . "  She wanted to look beautiful and be sexy and become a movie star , and I thought you ca n't get further away from Aboriginal culture than Marilyn Monroe and that got me into her story . " With several AFC funded projects , like "  Samson and Delilah " in the pipeline and indigenous film festivals around the country , the current enthusiasm for indigenous filmmaking seems to know no bounds . One reason for this can , perhaps , be attributed to the fact that Australia seems to be in a state of flux . Under a new leadership , the country appears to be in a contrite mood of reconciliation -- not dissimilar to South Africa 's post-apartheid years -- and is acknowledging past mistakes . In February , new Prime Minister Kevin Rudd issued an historic apology to Aboriginal people for "  the indignity and degradation inflicted on a proud people and a proud culture , " over two centuries of white settlement . Arts Minister Peter Garrett is also a part of this new wave of politicians determined to reverse the divisive policies of previous decades . In his former incarnation as lead singer of Aussie rock band "  Midnight Oil , " Garrett played an instrumental role in bringing global attention to the plight of indigenous Australians . The band 's performance of their famous hit "  Beds are Burning " at the 2000 Olympic Games was notable for their decision to wear tracksuits emblazoned with the words "  SORRY " . Garrett told CNN 's The Screening Room , he is confident that indigenous filmmakers have a big future in Australian cinema . "  One thing that we do know is that the indigenous culture is incredibly important to Australians , " he said . "  These people have been in this land for a very long period of time and they have many powerful stories to tell . "  And we are starting to see a generation of young film-makers coming through and they will be provided with particular support and opportunities to begin their craft by making short films and as they become more experienced , go on to make bigger movies as well . "  I confidently predict that we will see some absolutely outstanding films produced by our indigenous filmmakers in the coming years . " However , for all the buzz and optimism currently surrounding indigenous filmmakers , Johnson is keen to emphasize that life is still incredibly hard for Aborigines , especially those who live in remote parts of the country . "  One of the things I wanted to illustrate in the documentary was to show how hard it is in indigenous communities in remote Australia , " she says . In her film , we see Frances struggle to readjust to her life in Ramingining after the glamour of traveling to cosmopolitan locations like Cannes with "  Ten Canoes " and the profound difficulty she faces in applying for a performing arts course . It takes seven weeks and a 6 km trek into town just to get her application in . Frances also faces resentment from her neighbors who perceive her as becoming more like balanda  white  because she has traveled out of her community . "  If you want to do something with your life , like acting , it is much harder than most people realize . It does n't matter if you have contacts like Rolf de Heer and Phillip Noyce like Frances has , " Johnson added . "  I wanted to raise some questions about the cultural gap between traditional communities and white culture . "  I hope it brings some insight into the entrenched cultural and social problems that exist in these remote places . "	Aborigines have fought to develop a distinctive voice and tell their own story They are a group traditionally marginalized and discriminated against in Australia New buzz surrounding filmmakers from indigenous background in the country
CNN  -- In an apparent first at the tradition-minded Supreme Court , an advocacy group surreptitiously recorded video of an oral argument that was interrupted by a spectator . The group 99Rise . org , which supports campaign finance reform , posted the video of Wednesday 's proceedings on YouTube as part of a protest over the issue . No electronic devices , or still or video cameras are permitted in the court 's public sessions . All spectators , including members of the media , are screened with magnetometers at the entrance to the ornate courtroom . There was no immediate explanation of how a camera was smuggled past security . "  The court became aware today of the video posted on YouTube , " court spokeswoman Kathy Arberg said in a statement . "  Court officials are in the process of reviewing the video and our courtroom screening procedures . " The taping as well as an interruption by a spectator who witnesses said began talking loudly about campaign finance reform , apparently occurred near the end of arguments in a patent case . The video confirms what witnesses told CNN -- that the well-dressed man spoke about the need to keep campaign finance reform laws in place to regulate election spending and contributions . "  Money is not speech , " he said . "  Overturn ` Citizens United ! ' " referring to a 2010 high court decision loosening a century of federal restrictions on corporate spending by "  independent " groups like businesses and unions . Noah Newkirk of Los Angeles was only able say a few words before police escorted him from the courtroom , and he did not resist . Newkirk was charged with violating federal law that makes it a crime to "  harangue " or utter "  loud threatening or abusive language " in the Supreme Court building . The justices ignored the incident . Court officials said the last disturbance was eight years ago during an oral argument over an abortion-related issue . A similar interruption occurred about two decades ago . There are only two photographs of the court in session -- and those cameras were smuggled in -- in the 1930s . CNN and other media outlets have been allowed to shoot video and still pictures of the empty courtroom . Sketch artists are allowed to portray the oral arguments and other public sessions of the court . There have been calls for years to allow cameras in the court , for public benefit . A new television ad released last week urged the justices to do just that saying , "  It 's time for a more open judiciary . " The sponsor of the commercials is the Coalition for Court Transparency , not affiliated with the group that secretly recorded the oral argument Wednesday . The biggest concerns raised by the justices are that cameras would upset the personal dynamic between them that make oral arguments so unique and useful to their later deliberations and opinion-writing . The courtroom has about 330 seats available to the public . Court security instructs spectators before each public session to remain seated , not to speak , or demonstrate .	Advocacy group on campaign finance reform recorded video during an oral argument The recording was made as a spectator began talking loudly about campaign finance There was no explanation about how a camera was smuggled into the courtroom The video was posted on YouTube
Moscow  CNN  -- Former Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev has left a hospital and is back at work , Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti reported Friday . Asked by RIA Novosti how he was feeling , he said that "  well " was an overstatement , but that he was aiming for satisfactory and it was "  already not bad " to be back at work . The former leader had told a radio station , Russia News Service , on Thursday that he had been admitted to a hospital with "  a disease recurrence , " the news agency reported earlier Friday . "  I 'm monitored , wires all over me , " Gorbachev was quoted as saying to the station . Gorbachev suffers from a severe form of diabetes and has often received treatment in German hospitals , according to RIA Novosti . He was President of the Soviet Union from 1985 until his resignation in 1991 , during which time he embarked on a process of change and increased openness to the West that became known as "  perestroika . " He was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1990 for helping end the Cold War .	NEW : Former Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev says he 's left hospital , news agency says NEW : He says he is not feeling "  well " yet but is pleased to be back at work After a disease recurrence , "  I 'm monitored , wires all over me , " he told a radio station earlier Gorbachev suffers from a severe form of diabetes , according to state media
CNN  -- As expected , Katie Couric is leaving CBS Evening News , her representative , Matthew Hiltzik , told CNN on Tuesday . After weeks of speculation , Couric broke the news in an exclusive interview with People magazine . "  The bottom line is that I love doing all kinds of different stories , " Couric told People . "  I have a lot of areas of interest and I want to be able to fulfill all of that . " Couric told People she is considering a show format that will allow her to "  engage in in more multidimensional storytelling . " She said details are still being worked out . Couric , 54 , took over the CBS news show in 2006 . She previously worked for NBC , and was co-host of NBC 's "  Today " show for 15 years before leaving for CBS .	CBS Evening News anchor Katie Couric stepping down , representative confirms Couric told People magazine she wants to focus on "  more multidimensional storytelling " She has anchored the CBS Evening News since 2006
CNN  -- Venezuela announced Wednesday it is breaking diplomatic relations with Israel over the conflict in Gaza , joining Bolivia , which did the same thing earlier in the day . Bolivian President Evo Morales announces Wednesday that he is severing diplomatic ties with Israel . In the announcement issued by the Venezuelan Foreign Ministry , the government cited "  the gravity of the atrocities against the Palestinian people . " The statement accused the Israelis of having "  ignored , systematically , calls from the United Nations , violating in a repeated and shameless manner the resolutions approved by the overwhelming majority of their members and placing themselves ever more on the margin of international law . " It described "  19 days of continuous bombardment , the assassination of more than 1,000 people and the destruction of the infrastructure of the population of Gaza , " calling it "  a human catastrophe that is unraveling before the eyes of the entire world . " It further accused Israel of participating in "  state terrorism " against "  the most weak and innocent human beings : children , women and the aged . " The statement called for Israeli leaders be tried before an international court for crimes against humanity . The move is a ratcheting up of tensions between the two countries that have simmered since January 6 , when Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez expelled the Israeli ambassador from Caracas . Venezuela 's announcement came hours after Bolivian President Evo Morales announced that Bolivia was breaking diplomatic relations with Israel and urged that Israeli President Shimon Peres and Prime Minister Ehud Olmert be declared war criminals . More than 1,000 Palestinians have been killed and nearly 5,000 wounded in the Israeli military operation , which started December 27 , Palestinian officials said Wednesday . Israel said Wednesday that 10 of its soldiers and three civilians have been killed and more than 100 soldiers have been wounded . Israel , which did not immediately respond to the diplomatic moves , has defended its actions in Gaza as a response to years of shelling into its territory from Hamas . Gloria Carrasco contributed to this report .	Venezuela accuses Israel of participating in "  state terrorism " Bolivia urges that Israeli leaders be considered war criminals Israeli government has no immediate reaction to the moves
Japan 's military scrambled fighters Thursday after two Russian SU-27 jets entered Japanese airspace off Rishiri Island near the tip of Japan 's northernmost Hokkaido Island , according to the country 's Defense Ministry . The Russian jets left Japanese airspace without incident after a little more than a minute , the ministry said . The incident occurred near territory disputed by Japan and Russia since the end of World War II . Japanese officials lodged an official protest with Russia over the incident , Japan 's Kyodo news service reported . Russian officials denied their jets entered Japanese airspace , the Russian Interfax news agency reported . The incident is the first since 2008 , Kyodo reported . Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has made a priority of resolving the longstanding dispute with Russia over what it calls the Northern Territories and Russia calls the Kuril Islands , according to Japanese newspaper Asahi Shimbun . Russia and Japan have squabbled over the islands -- Etorofu , Kunashiri , Shikotan and Habomai -- since the end of WWII , when Russian forces took over the islands , according to the Japanese Foreign Affairs Ministry . Because of the dispute , the two countries never signed a peace treaty following the war . Russia angers Japan with visit to disputed island	Japan says it intercepted Russian jets over its airspace The incident happened near territory disputed by Japan and Russia Russia denies its jets entered Japanese airspace , newspaper reports
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When a woman dates a much older man , bystanders often speculate that she has only the most superficial of motives . French actress Ludivine Sagnier stars in veteran New Wave filmmaker Claude Chabrol 's "  The Girl Cut in Two . " In "  The Girl Cut in Two , " veteran French filmmaker Claude Chabrol tells the story of one young woman for whom just the opposite is true . It stars French starlet Ludivine Sagnier as a young woman who rejects the amorous advances of a flashy , wealthy man her age , in favor of a sleazy affair with a fickle , 60 year-old father figure . Sagnier 's desire to take on the role was also motivated by the allure of a much older man : Chabrol . "  The idea of working with Claude Chabrol was the main attraction at the beginning , " she told CNN . "  He is a great French director , one of the pioneers of the French New Wave . " "  The guy has so much experience . I felt like I was a journalist , always asking things , " continues Sagnier . "  He 's very old ... he 's been through many , many things . This was his 66th movie , or something like that . " Sagnier describes her character , Gabrielle de Neige , a charming , 20-something television weather girl , as "  very naive . " "  She falls in a trap like a poor little lamb and she gets eaten by wolves . "  The thing is , she does n't have a dad , so she lacks affection , and sometimes that lack of affection can drive you to make mistakes . "  I 'd say I 'm stronger than that , " says 29 year-old Sagnier , who is perhaps best-known for her provocative portrayal of a highly-sexualized teenager opposite Charlotte Rampling in Francois Ozon 's 2003 drama , "  Swimming Pool . " Sagnier who is often compared with screen sirens like Brigitte Bardot and Catherine Deneuve , drew international acclaim for a series of films in 2002 and 2003 , but has recently has been taking smaller roles . Many of the qualities that attracted Sagnier to Chabrol are similar to those that draw her on-screen alter-ego Gabrielle to writer Charles Saint-Denis  Francois Berleand  -- Charles ' knowledge of life , literature and his ability to treat her like a little girl , not as an equal . Sagnier says of working with Chabrol : "  It was like opening a cinema book , because when you work with him he talks to you about Hitchcock , he talks to you about Kubrick . "  He met everyone , so he 's full of anecdotes , so you want to know more . " Chabrol began his career in 1956 , earning his stripes alongside fellow New Wave directors Jean-Luc Godard and Francois Truffaut . He became famous in the late 1960s for suspense thrillers such as "  La Femme Infidele "  1969  and "  Le Boucher "  1971  . He has continued working prolifically in film and television ever since . Chabrol co-wrote the screenplay for the heartbreak drama , in which Sagnier character is consistently disappointed in love and let down by the men around her , with his step-daughter , Cecile Maistre , who also served as assistant director on the film . At the end of "  The Girl Cut In Two , " Sagnier appears on stage as a magician 's assistant , smiling in the spotlight as she hears applause rise from the audience , the attention perhaps curing her depression over lovers lost . She lies in a box , appearing to be cut in half , the trick functioning as an almost literal embodiment of the film 's title -- but clearly there 's more to it than meets the eye . "  She cuts into two men first of all , and she 's also cut in two different sides of her personality , " said Sagnier . "  She has a part of shade and a part of lightness . " Sagnier 's fate since her collaboration with Chabrol has , thankfully , been a decidedly rosier affair : Since finishing "  The Girl Cut in Two , " she has starred in Jean-Francois Richet 's , "  Public Enemy No. 1 , " which received more nominations than any other film at the 2009 Cesar Awards , France 's equivalent of the Oscars . The indefatigable Chabrol has recently wrapped up yet another film : "  Bellamy " starring Gerard Depardieu . "  The Girl Cut In Two " is released in the UK on 22 May 2009	French starlet Ludivine Sagnier stars in "  The Girl Cut In Two " It tells the story of a young woman who embarks on an affair with an older man It was directed by prolific French New Wave veteran Claude Chabrol Sagnier on Chabrol : "  He is a great French director , one of the pioneers "
Washington  CNN  -- Hundreds of protesters gathered outside the gates of Quantico Marine Base in Virginia Sunday to protest the treatment of Bradley Manning , who is being held at the base prison on charges that he released classified government documents to WikiLeaks . Daniel Ellsberg , the 1971 Pentagon Papers leaker and Retired U.S. Army Col. Ann Wright who is known for being one of three State Department officials to publicly resign in 2003 as a way to protest the U.S. invasion of Iraq . See a CNN.com exclusive interview with Ellsberg as he talks about his kinship with Manning , and Ellsberg 's experiences as an infamous war-time leaker . Manning , a 23-year-old Army private , is accused of giving WikiLeaks hundreds of thousands of classified military and State Department documents . He is awaiting a decision on whether he will face a court martial . The protesters marched near the base carrying placards , shouting slogans and chanting "  Free Bradley Manning . " They left flowers in front of an Iwo Jima monument at the entrance of the Quantico . Supporters of Manning and WikiLeaks also made speeches deploring Manning 's alleged mistreatment in prison and asserted that the dissemination of secret military documents is vital for democracy . Later police arrested dozens of protesters for apparently blocking an intersection leading to the base . Prince William County police did not provide CNN information about the arrested protesters Sunday night , including what possible charges they might face . Reports that Manning has been held in near-total isolation and forced to sleep without clothing during his nearly eight-month detention has sparked outrage from human rights and peace activists . The controversy even played a hand in the resignation of former State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley , who reportedly suggested that the Defense Department is mistreating Manning . Ellsberg told CNN that Crowley "  acted honorably and boldly " for remarking to a small group at MIT that Manning 's treatment had been "  ridiculous , counterproductive and stupid . " Crowley resigned days after his statement . Ellsberg said Manning 's imprisonment is illegal . "  The president could change this treatment of him . Apparently ,  President Barack Obama  has been told by the Defense Department that this is appropriate , " Ellsberg said . "  That 's a terrible commentary on our standards , which means that they feel free to use illegal measures against someone in their custody . " Obama told reporters a week ago that he had been assured by the State Department that Manning is being treated humanely . Ellsberg said the Marines holding Manning should not wait for an order from Obama "  to stop disobeying the law . " Ellsberg said his opinion is shared by legal experts across the country . "  As a Marine I am ashamed that the corps is doing this , " he said . Sunday evening , the protesters wrote their grievances in a open letter addressed to Obama and Defense Secretary Robert Gates . In addition to Ellsberg and Wright , the letter is signed by a number of musicians and actors , including Rosanne Cash , Michael Stipe of R.E.M. and actors Danny Glover and Viggo Mortensen . David House , a friend of Manning 's , disputes that . House told CNN that he has visited Manning nine times since the soldier was taken into custody . House said that his friend recently appeared to be in "  decline mentally and physically . " House said Manning also has been reluctant during recent visits to discuss his treatment . Manning 's attorney David Coombs has said that his client has been put on suicide watch and forced to stand at attention while naked . Military officials have said Manning has been forced to sleep naked to prevent him from committing suicide . "  There can be no conceivable justification for this type of degrading treatment , " the letter from the activists says . "  It brings back memories of the abuses committed in Abu Ghraib , which blackened the reputation of America 's armed forces , " said the letter , referring to an Iraqi prison that was the center of a prisoner abuse scandal . The letter demands an immediate investigation into the conditions of Manning 's detention . On Sunday , many of the 400 supporters , peace activists and veterans tried to enter an administrative building to deliver a letter to Base Commander Daniel Choike , but were stopped by police . It was the second straight day of rallies -- and arrests -- for many of the protesters , including those from antiwar groups Veterans For Peace , Iraq Veterans Against War and Code Pink , who attended a demonstration in front of the White House on Saturday to mark the eighth anniversary of the war in Iraq . For Ellsberg , Sunday marked his second arrest for the weekend . In 1971 , Ellsberg who had worked as a top Pentagon official , leaked thousands of classified documents that revealed that top American officials had for years deceived the American public about the Vietnam War . Since the Pentagon Papers , Ellsberg has become an outspoken antiwar activist . CNN 's Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Hundreds of demonstrators protest the treatment of Army private 1971 Pentagon Papers leaker Daniel Ellsberg among the protesters Ellsberg and retired Army Col. Ann Wright are among dozens arrested
CNN  -- We 're all know the saying "  to be the best , you 've got to learn from the best . " And while it might be true that there are plenty of quality regular people out there who can help you refine your game -- ski , fish , dunk , bluff , drive -- it 's nice to get instruction from a legit superstar of the craft . But book a session with a big name -- an Olympic hero , a Bassmaster Classic champ , an NBA star , a World Series of Poker bracelet winner , a NASCAR legend -- and it 's not  let 's face it  just about improving . It 's about luxuriating in the experience of doing something -- anything -- under the tutelage of a famous , field-tested elite . And , yeah , picking up your game a notch , too , and with you 'll never believe who ... Ski with Tommy Moe  Jackson Hole , Wyoming In 1994 , Olympian Tommy Moe made history by becoming the first U.S. alpine skier to win two medals  a gold and silver  in the same Winter Games -- before he had a Super Nintendo game named after him . Today , when he 's not running rivers or guiding heli-skiing trips in Alaska , Moe avails himself to the intermediate-to-expert skiing public at Jackson Hole Mountain Resort as a Ski Ambassador . For half or full days , groups of up to five can arrange for Moe himself to whisk them to some of his favorite spots on the hill . Included in the deal : field-tested Olympian ski tips and answers to all those pressing questions only a genial Super-G champion can answer , e.g. What 's it feel like doing this at over 75 mph ? Tommy Moe Fantasy Sports Camp with Deion Sanders , Walt Frazier , others Maybe the Cowboys , Pirates and Knicks have missed out on your athletic services , but that does n't mean you ca n't scrimmage with some of the finest former pros who 've worn their colors . Customized Fantasy Sports Camps  coordinated by unique experiences specialist Goviva  have put together flag football games with Deion Sanders and Jerome Bettis , hosted by ESPN personalities Mike and Mike ; basketball workshops with Walt Frazier , Alex English and other former NBA stars ; and opportunities to play in places like the Rose Bowl in Pasadena , California , Madison Square Garden in New York and PNC Park in Pittsburgh . Most fantasy camps can run up to three days for groups of 10 to 20 , and include interactive game instruction as well as actual game play with pros who are n't here to tackle or taunt you -- but welcome you to the team . Goviva Richard Petty Driving Experience You can sit behind the wheel of a 600-horsepower race car , log lap after blurry lap at an official racing track and then get direct feedback from NASCAR Hall of Famer Richard Petty . Even if your name is n't Ricky Bobby , that 's a pretty sweet ride . The Richard Petty Driving Experience offers several stock car racing experiences at hallowed ovals around the country -- from shotgun ride-alongs with expert drivers to a "  rookie experience " that lets racing wannabes do eight laps in the driver 's seat of a NASCAR vehicle . The premier program -- Richard Petty Fantasy Racing Camp -- is a multi-day event held at revolving locations  next up : Charlotte , North Carolina , in October 2013  that lets groups of 10 to 12 people take hundreds of laps behind the wheel with the King himself , as well as fellow NASCAR legends like Dale Inman and Randy Lajoie , in attendance . Richard Petty Driving Experience . Texas Hold 'em with Joe Hachem and Friends "  We will teach you to win like us . " So says the WSOP Academy  the official poker school of the World Series of Poker  , whose roster of pro instructors has collectively pooled more than $ 20 million in winnings , and includes bracelet winners Joe Hachem , Greg Raymer and Tom McEvoy . Held on select dates at several metro areas around the United States , the WSOP 's curriculum of classes for every skill level includes its flagship , two-day No Limit Hold 'em Tournament Academy  featuring proven tournament tactics taught by poker stars  , a Live Hand Analysis class  designed to find and fix your weak spots  and a Cash Game Academy for when you 're ready to turn this all into your day job . Recent alumni have included a 2011 WSOP Seniors Event bracelet winner , a 2010 WSOP event second place finisher  $ 375,627  and several people cleaning up back home at their neighborhood poker nights . World Series of Poker Academy Bass Fish with Paul Elias  Pachuta , Mississippi Competitive bass fishing groupies need no introduction to Bassmaster Classic champ Paul Elias , who 's logged nearly three decades of wins and Top 10 finishes on the elite circuit . Pros and amateur weekend anglers alike can glean one-on-one insights from the legend himself during single - or two-day private structure fishing classes on 780-acre Lake Eddins , Elias ' bass-filled home waters in eastern Mississippi , near Meridian . Map reading , lure-gear-and-bait selection and effective GPS use all factor into the customized open lake curriculum . Classes center on structure-fishing techniques , but can also include lessons on flippin ' and pitchin ' , top water and shallow swim baits -- and if terms like these are already too familiar to you , you 're ahead of the game . Elias provides the tackle , but feel free to bring your own . Room and meals included . In Depth Fishing Golf with Butch Harmon  Las Vegas Butch Harmon coached Tiger Woods for years and has helped other huge names in the sport  or just plain huge names , including five American presidents  analyze and improve their games . Attend an intensive multi-day golf clinic at The Butch Harmon School of Golf 's state of the art facility and you can take your own game to the next level in the company of Harmon himself -- no green jacket or Air Force One reservation required . Three days of instruction with Harmon and his staff  two-day clinics are available , too  include nine-hole and 18-hole lessons at Rio Secco and Cascata Golf Clubs , video swing analysis and four nights at Caesars Palace on the Vegas Strip . You 'll be covering long and short irons , wedge and sand shots , trouble shots , chipping , putting and why , in Harmon 's words , "  Many people play golf , but few truly understand it . " Butch Harmon Adventure Photography with Tyler Stableford Tapped as one of Canon 's distinguished "  Explorers of Light " and Men 's Journal 's seven "  World 's Greatest Adventure Photographers , " Aspen , Colorado-based photographer and cinematographer Tyler Stableford is a master of capturing humans of all kinds in their element . Cowboys on horses . Skiers in midair . Fighter pilots in jets . Roughnecks on rigs . Where can you catch up with an award-winning , page-stopping action photog for National Geographic , Outside , Sports Illustrated , The North Face campaigns and beyond ? At a personalized photography seminar catering to small-ish groups inspired to take better shots of interesting people in beautiful places . Stableford 's multi-day Canon Destination Workshops have taken place in Utah 's Moab , Arizona 's Mesa Verde and Maine 's Bar Harbor . Next stop : Maroon Bells , Colorado , in October 2014 . Tyler Stableford Drum with Chad/Steve Smith  New York OK , so maybe you wo n't be Keith Moon in this lifetime . That 's not an entirely bad thing , and it does n't mean you ca n't meet up with a famous living drummer in New York to briefly pretend . Housed in a new facility in Chelsea with a separate wing dedicated solely to drum instruction , the Collective School of Music  formerly The Drummers Collective  offers short - and long-term programs focusing on contemporary rhythm music performance . But if you just want an hour or two with some big-name drummer , you can hook up for a master class or private lesson . The Collective 's recent roster of guest teacher names -- Chad Smith  Red Hot Chili Peppers  , Steve Smith  Journey  , Will Calhoun  Living Colour  and others -- may be exactly the quick boost your fantasy drumming career needs . The Collective School of Music Kung Fu with Dr. Yang , Swing-Ming  Miranda , California Master instructor and acclaimed author , Dr. Yang , Jwing-Ming , is a leading authority in the world of kung fu , tai chi chuan and qigong -- and has been named by Inside Kung Fu magazine as one of the most important teachers and practitioners of martial arts in the last century . A variety of short - or longer-term summer seminars at his YMAA Retreat Center , located in the hills of Northern California 's Humboldt County , cover kung fu , tajiquan , quiqong and other specialized martial arts topics under Dr. Yang 's direct instruction in a remote  i.e. ideal  setting for training . Private one-on-one hour sessions with Dr. Yang can be arranged , with advance notice . Yang 's Martial Arts Association Motorcycle Race with Jason Pridmore  Buena Park , California Handling a sport bike -- at insane track speeds or in comparably crazy road traffic -- takes guts , confidence and  hopefully not too hard-earned  experience . Track or street riders looking to raise their speed and safety quotients  simultaneously !  can take riding lessons from one of the best in the business -- AMA Supersport champion Jason Pridmore . Headquartered at Chuckwalla Valley Raceway , Pridmore 's long-running STAR Motorcycle School  Skills and Techniques of Advanced Riding  employs a staff of pro riders who also visit several other tracks around the country during the warmer months -- including Minneapolis 's Brainerd International Raceway , Illinois ' Blackhawk Farms Raceway and New Jersey 's Motorsports Park . Two-day group schools are divided into street riders eager to build on their road skills and track riders looking to improve their lower-body steering techniques and explore their limits . You can also sign up for a one-on-one with Pridmore for a private videoed session you can one day show your grandkids . Jason Pridmore 's STAR School	Ski , fish , play drums ? You can learn how at the feet of the stars In games with NBA pros you wo n't be taunted , but welcomed to the team Poker legends Joe Hachem and Tom McEvoy share secrets You can book a golf lesson with ex-Tiger Woods coach Butch Harmon
CNN  -- Special operations troops at a small military outpost in Afghanistan gave alcohol and steroid-like drugs to a U.S. Army sergeant accused of killing 16 Afghan civilians , the soldier 's lawyer said Thursday . Attorney John Henry Browne said the special operations troops "  pumped " Staff Sgt. Robert Bales with the substances . "  He was provided all these things , " Browne told CNN . "  Special forces were in charge . " Bales is accused of murder in the death of the 16 civilians , including children , in March 2012 . Prosecutors say Bales slipped off the base after dark and went from house to house , shooting villagers . In addition to the dead , six people were wounded . Witnesses testified last year that Bales had consumed alcohol with other soldiers before the attack . He also was charged with illicit use of steroids and alcohol . Browne said last year that "  steroid use is going to be an issue in this case , especially where Sgt. Bales got steroids and how he got steroids . " Browne said Wednesday that Bales intends to plead guilty to the killings in exchange for elimination of the death penalty as a possible punishment . If the deal is approved by the military judge and a commanding general , Browne will mount the argument about steroids and alcohol at a penalty phase hearing to determine whether parole will be a possibility as part the life sentence he could receive . The Army would not comment on any potential deal Wednesday . A hearing in the case is scheduled for June 5 . Browne has previously said the Army erred in assigning Bales to another combat tour despite evidence of post-traumatic stress disorder and a traumatic brain injury suffered during a combat tour in Iraq . Bales , he said Thursday , was a "  broken man . " "  We broke him . He never should have been there , " he said . Browne said he will bring experts in combat stress to the penalty phase hearing , despite the fact that the military has historically not accepted combat stress as the sole explanation for crimes committed by service members . The strategy outlined by Browne is one he has pursued since taking on the case last year . We think the Army is attempting to escape responsibility for the decision to send Sgt. Bales to Afghanistan for his fourth deployment , knowing that he had  post-traumatic stress disorder  and a concussive head injury , " Browne said last year . "  I think that the person who made the decision to send Sgt. Bales to the most dangerous area in Afghanistan in a small outpost is responsible for Sgt. Bales being in Afghanistan , and he should have never been there . " The shooting spree strained already tense U.S.-Afghan relations and intensified a debate about whether to pull out American troops ahead of their planned 2014 withdrawal . Afghan authorities have called for swift action . "  He committed a mass killing crime , and we would like the court in the United States to implement justice and punish him according to the crime , " said Ahmad Zia Syamak , spokesman for Afghan President Hamid Karzai .	Special ops troops gave alcohol and steroids to soldier accused of killing Afghans , lawyer says Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales is a "  broken man , " his lawyer says He is accused of killing 16 and wounding six Afghans Attorneys have said he suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder
CNN  -- Portuguese football coach Jose Mourinho caused outcry this week when he substituted Ghanaian midfielder Sulley Muntari due to his low-energy levels -- which were a result of fasting . Muntari is a practicing Muslim who , like many of the same faith around the world , is currently not eating during the hours of daylight to mark the Ramadan holy period . The midfielder is not the only high-profile player who will be fasting , check out Fanzone 's First XI of Islamic stars . .	Jose Mourinho substituted Sulley Muntari because he had been low energy The Ghanaian midfielder is a Muslim and had been fasting during Ramadan France international Franck Ribery is another high-profile Muslim
CNN  -- Ukraine 's imprisoned opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko accuses the country 's president of running a "  mafia " government in a video smuggled out of her prison by her lawyer , the lawyer told CNN Sunday . The video , shot on lawyer Sergiy Vlasenko 's cell phone , is the first time Tymoshenko has been seen since December of last year . It shows a clearly agitated Tymoshenko berating the government as a prison guard tries to put his hand over the lens of the lawyer 's cell phone . "  Today , unfortunately , the whole country lives under a criminal authority , " Tymoshenko says in the two-minute clip posted on YouTube and her own website . "  Every person can feel that the law is being trampled , that people are completely destitute . And here I feel all this on my own fate , my own life , " she says . She goes on to attack President Viktor Yanukovych ahead of parliamentary elections due on October 28 . "  Everything that is written in the laws regarding human rights means nothing to Yanukovych 's mafia . The only things that mean anything to them are enrichment , corruption and everything else that they made for themselves in Ukraine , " she charges . The video was filmed on Friday in a hospital in Kharkiv , Vlasenko said . "  I was in the corridor and just had the chance to take it with my mobile phone , " he told CNN . "  It is the first video made of her this year . Yanukovych is trying to limit her contact with the outside world . All other inmates in Ukraine are allowed phone calls to their family members , but Yulia Tymoshenko is severely restricted . " The last video of the opposition leader showed her bed-ridden in Kharkiv prison during a hunger strike in December 2011 . The former prime minister was found guilty in October 2011 of criminally "  abusing her office " over a 2009 gas deal with Gazprom , in what the United States and European Union have both called a politically motivated show trial . Russian President Vladimir Putin also criticized the sentence handed down to the former leader of Ukraine 's short-lived pro-democracy Orange Revolution . She is barred by her sentence from running in the parliamentary elections next month . After the video surfaced on Friday , the Ukrainian Prison Service quickly posted their own video of the country 's former leader . Posted on its official YouTube site , the video shows her beating the inside of a cell with her shoe and her fists . In the video Tymoshenko seems frail and only able to stand with the assistance of a medical supportive chair . At the United Nations General Assemby in New York last week , President Viktor Yanukovych did not make any mention of Tymoshenko 's imprisonment . The Ukrainian government did not immediately respond Sunday to CNN requests for comment .	The smuggled cell phone video is the first time Yulia Tymoshenko has been seen since December She accuses President Yanukovich of heading a "  mafia " government The former Orange Revolution leader was sent to prison last year for abusing her office The U.S. , EU and Vladimir Putin criticized her sentencing in a "  show trial "
CNN  -- Millions of fans on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border are mourning the death of Jenni Rivera , whose performances of soulful ballads sold out concert halls and made the singer a household name for many . Crews searched for the remains of Rivera and six others Monday amid the wreckage of a plane that crashed in a remote , mountainous area in northern Mexico on Sunday . "  The plane was totally destroyed . ... It is a great tragedy , " her brother , Gustavo Rivera , told CNN en Espaol . There were no survivors , and the singer 's publicist , lawyer and makeup artists were among those killed , he said . Family members were planning to travel to Mexico on Monday as investigators work to determine what caused the crash . Jenni Rivera is mourned , but still inspires Another brother , Juan Rivera , seemed to hold out hope at a news conference Monday evening , saying : "  In our eyes we will have faith that our sister will be OK . We have no confirmation of her body being recovered , dead or alive . " The small Learjet plane that Rivera was flying in was 43 years old , the state-run Notimex news agency reported , citing the director of civil aviation for Mexico 's Transportation Ministry . Collecting evidence at the scene could take up to 10 days , Alejandro Argudin said , according to Notimex . The wreckage , which includes personal items that belonged to the singer , was spread out over an area that spans up to 300 meters  more than 320 yards  , officials said . The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board said Monday that it was dispatching a team to help with the investigation . According to records from the U.S. agency , the airplane was substantially damaged during a 2005 accident when it struck a runway marker near Amarillo , Texas . At the time , the plane 's pilot reported losing the ability to steer the twin-engine turbojet . As the investigation into Sunday 's crash continued , fans , family members and entertainers said they were devastated to learn of Rivera 's death . "  The world rarely sees someone who has had such a profound impact on so many , " Universal Music Group said in a statement . "  From her incredibly versatile talent to the way she embraced her fans around the world , Jenni was simply incomparable . " Known to fans as "  La Diva de la Banda " or The Diva of Banda Music , Rivera was well-established as a musical powerhouse with her Spanish-language performances of regional Mexican corridos , or ballads . For fans , the nickname captured her powerful voice and the personal strength many admired . Flashback : Rivera reflects on her success In recent years , she had been working to crack the English-language U.S. market and was reportedly on the verge of a crossover with a sitcom inspired by the success of "  I Love Jenni , " a Spanish-language reality TV show on Telemundo 's mun2 network . Speaking on the U.S. Senate floor Monday afternoon , Sen. Marco Rubio described Rivera as "  a real American success story . " "  She was a singer in a genre of music that 's largely dominated by males , and she brought a powerful voice to that genre where she sung frankly about her struggles to give her children a better life in this country , " the Florida Republican senator said . Rivera sold 15 million records , according to Billboard , and recently won two Billboard Music Awards , including favorite Mexican music female artist . But she started out small . In an interview with CNN en Espaol in 2010 , Rivera spoke about how she once sold cans for scrap metal and hawked music records at her family 's stand at a Los Angeles flea market . "  It is very flattering when they tell me that I 'm a great artist , a great entertainer , that when I 'm on stage I can get in the recording studio and come up with a great production , " she said . "  But before all of that , I was a businesswoman . I 'm primarily business-minded . " Rivera eventually became the owner of several companies , including Jenni Rivera Enterprises , which produced and marketed her music , a fragrance brand , a jeans factory and a television production company . Rivera was nominated for Latin Grammy Awards in 2002 , 2008 and 2011 . In October , People en Espaol named her to its list of the 25 most powerful women . She was beloved by fans as much for her music as her over-the-top lifestyle that was chronicled in "  I Love Jenni " on Telemundo . Born in Long Beach , California , to Mexican immigrant parents , Rivera released her debut album in 1999 , according to her website . She followed that up with two more albums , including the 2003 album "  Farewell to Selena " -- a tribute to slain Tejano star Selena Quintanilla -- that increased her popularity . Her father , Pedro , and two of her brothers also are well-known performers in Mexico and portions of the southwestern United States . Famous for her music , she is also known for her tumultuous personal life . The singer was a single mom at the age of 15 and is the mother of five , her website said . In 2009 , she made headlines when she was detained at the Mexico City airport with tens of thousands of dollars in cash . A year later , she made headlines again with the marriage to former baseball pitcher Esteban Loaiza , who played for the New York Yankees and the Los Angeles Dodgers . In October , she announced she was filing for divorce after less than two years of marriage . It was her third marriage . Owner of plane carrying Rivera linked to troubled businessman She told CNN in 2010 that she would n't let scandals or personal tragedy stop her . "  Staying defeated , crying and suffering was not an option , " she said . "  I had to get off my feet , dust myself off and press on . That 's what I want to teach my daughters . " "  I Love Jenni , " which began airing on mun2 last year , featured her life on the road , balancing the duties of motherhood and stardom as she toured Mexico and the United States . Rivera 's openness about the problems she faced won her a devoted fan base , said Raul Molinar , a Dallas-based radio DJ who interviewed the star several times . "  She was a real woman , " he said , "  and she would express her feelings -- onstage , off stage , anywhere , " Rivera also was a judge on the popular TV show , "  The Voice , Mexico , " which was scheduled to air Sunday night . In its place , Televisa aired a special report about the singer . A fellow judge on the show took to Twitter after news of Rivera 's disappearance . "  My heart is devastated , " wrote Beto Cuevas . "  All my prayers are with you , Jenni , and your family . " Fans and celebrities took to social media to mourn the singer and television star . "  Spent some time with Jenni Rivera recently . What an amazing lady ... Cool , smart , funny & talented . Such a travesty ... God Bless her family , " actor Mario Lopez tweeted . Rivera performed at a concert in Monterrey on Saturday night before boarding the Learjet , which took off early Sunday and lost contact with air traffic controllers about 60 miles into the trip . Just hours before she died , Rivera opened up to reporters about her divorce and the inner strength she found , thanks to her family . "  I 'm so happy . So many strong things have happened in my life . I ca n't get up in the negative , which destroys you , " she said . "  I have brothers . I have children . I have nephews . And they keep me from focusing on the negative . " Obituaries 2012 : The lives they 've lived Journalist Victor Badillo , CNNMexico.com , Jim Barnett , Guillermo Arduino , Leslie Tripp and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Singer Jenni Rivera was a "  real American success story , " Sen. Marco Rubio says The singer , 43 , who sold millions of records , died in a plane crash Sunday Crews are combing the wreckage site in northern Mexico , searching for evidence
Palo Alto , California  CNN  -- Depending whom you ask , Chad Russell and Charles Butkus ' invention is either a step forward for the Internet -- or a death knell for free content . Their AdTrap device intercepts online advertisements before they reach any devices that access your Internet connection , allowing you to surf the Web -- even stream videos -- without those annoying ads . Their inspiration ? A conversation about the early days of the Internet . "  It was page , text and pictures -- and that 's it , " said Russell , 31 . In other words , there were zero ads . So , Russell and Butkus set out to recreate the past and they came up with AdTrap . The company 's motto is , "  The Internet is yours again . " While there are countless software and browser plug-ins that block online advertisements -- many of them free -- they are limited to the individual device or the specific browser . AdTrap , a white rectangular box that resembles a wireless router and costs $ 139 , intercepts the ads before they reach the laptop , tablet or mobile phone . Interest and enthusiasm for Russell and Butkus ' idea translated into $ 200,000 , raised through a 30-day Kickstarter crowdsourcing campaign earlier this year . The funds are being used by parent company Bluepoint Security , a mobile antivirus software firm , to manufacture the AdTrap units . "  I think it speaks to the mindset of people right now of their experience on the Internet , " Russell said . AdTrap devices started shipping in August , so it 's still a little early to get a thorough review of the product . At the company 's modest Palo Alto headquarters , I tested one of the units , which take only a few minutes to set up . Compared to the various software ad-blockers , Russell said a hardware solution is more effective because it works on every device connected to your network . The unit sits between the modem and router and it works reasonably well . It was nice to go to YouTube and other websites , click on a video and have it play instantly , ad free . There are a couple of sites like Hulu , for instance where AdTrap does n't work , but Russell said they 're working on some solutions . For many users , it 's a huge victory over those annoying advertisements that sometimes follow you around the Web or make you wait 30 seconds before you can watch a video . "  At some point , it 's gotten a bit much , " Russell said , referring to online ads . But these ads also allow websites , including CNN.com , to offer content without charge , and ad-blocking devices like AdTrap could put that business model at risk . That could spell potential legal trouble for entrepreneurs like Russell and Butkus . They 've already retained a Silicon Valley law firm in case things get thorny with advertisers . "  We 're not trying to be against all advertisers , " said Julie Russell , Chad Russell 's mother , who handles finances for AdTrap . "  We 're trying to make the user have an experience when the Internet first came out and there was n't so much interference . "	AdTrap is hardware that blocks Internet ads before they reach your devices Most ad blockers are software that has to be installed on each device Excitement about the invention led to $ 200,000 raised on a Kickstarter campaign The company has retained an attorney in case advertisers sue
London  CNN  -- His blistering pace and larger-than-life antics made him the king of the track in London , and bolstered his claims to be a "  living legend . " Now figures released by Twitter and Facebook have confirmed that Usain Bolt was the most talked about athlete at the Olympics , edging out swimmer Michael Phelps , the most decorated Olympian of all time . On Twitter , Bolt 's two individual gold medal-winning sprints each generated more discussion than any other moment of Olympic competition . According to figures released by Andrew Fitzgerald , Twitter 's editorial programming manager , Bolt 's victory in the 200-meter sprint was the most discussed moment of competition , inspiring a flurry of more than 80,000 tweets per minute , His earlier performance in the 100 meters was the most talked about Olympic moment on Facebook , and the second most talked about on Twitter , generating 74,000 tweets per minute . Bolt was a key figure in the fourth most discussed moment of competition on Twitter as well , when the Jamaican 4x100-meter relay team set a world record in their final . The victory to Great Britain 's Andy Murray over Roger Federer in the men 's tennis final was the third most talked about Olympic moment on Twitter , generating 57,000 tweets per minute . Bolt was followed by swim star Phelps at the top of Twitter 's list of the 10 most talked about athletes , each of whom was mentioned more than a million times on the service . Read more : London 2012 's top 10 moments The multiple gold medalists were followed by British diver Tom Daley  3  , US swimmer Ryan Lochte  4  , American gymnast Gabby Douglas  5  , Murray  6  , US basketball player Kobe Bryant  7  , Jamaican sprinter Yohan Blake  8  , Malaysian badminton player Lee Chong Wei  9  and American basketball player LeBron James  10 Facebook 's line-up was slightly different , but Bolt and Phelps held on to the first and second spots , followed by Douglas  3  , Lochte  4  , Daley  5  , Brazilian soccer player Neymar  6  , Murray  7  , British athlete Jessica Ennis  8  , South African sprinter Oscar Pistorius  9  and American tennis player Serena Williams  10  . Known as the global game , it is little surprise that soccer was the most discussed Olympic event on Twitter : the subject of more than 5 million tweets . Also popular were swimming , track and field , gymnastics , and volleyball . Read more : London 2012 -- trust the British to get it right But the spectacles of the opening and closing ceremonies generated even more chatter than any of the sporting events . . Both ceremonies drove large spikes in Twitter conversation , with the biggest generated by the reformed Spice Girls , whose closing ceremony performance prompted more than 116,000 tweets per minute . But if Bolt -- whose Twitter biography proclaims himself the "  most naturally gifted athlete the world has ever seen " -- takes umbrage at being temporarily overshadowed by a 90s girl group , he can turn to his Facebook fans for solace . While the Spice Girls , who had their heyday in a world before social media , can muster only 166,000 fans on Facebook , Bolt has more than 8 million of them .	Usain Bolt was the most talked about athlete on social media , say Twitter and Facebook His sprint finals were the most discussed Olympic events U.S. swimmer Michael Phelps was the second most talked about Olympian The Spice Girls appearance at the closing ceremony prompted more chatter than any event
Boston  CNN  When the bomb went off , Steve Woolfenden thought he was still standing . That was because , as he lay on the ground , he was still holding the handles of his son 's stroller . He pulled back the stroller 's cover and saw that his son , Leo , 3 , was conscious but bleeding from the left side of his head . Woolfenden checked Leo for other injuries and thought , "  Let 's get out of here . " That was before he noticed his Achilles tendon , which resembled transparent tape covered in blood , and his left tibia protruding from his boot . The boot was next to his left stump , he testified before a federal jury Thursday , the third day in which survivors and family members of those killed in the Boston Marathon bombing shared their stories -- often gruesome and heartbreaking -- in the sentencing phase for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . The prosecution rested Thursday afternoon after attempting to convince jurors that Tsarnaev was cold-hearted and remorseless . The defense , led by famed death penalty opponent Judy Clarke , is expected to try to soften that portrayal by calling witnesses to explain Tsarnaev 's difficult upbringing . Clarke will begin those efforts Monday . A group of Tsarnaev 's relatives arrived at Boston 's Logan International Airport on Thursday , CNN affiliate WHDH reported , but it 's not clear if they plan to testify . The jury must decide whether the 21-year-old , who has been found guilty of perpetrating the attack with his now-deceased brother , will die for his crimes or spend his life in prison . Woolfenden , a biomedical researcher for the Novartis Institutes , recalled using his belt as a tourniquet on his leg and trying to comfort Leo . The boy cried , "  Mommy ! Daddy ! Mommy ! Daddy ! Mommy ! Daddy ! Mommy ! Daddy ! " he testified . Amid the stench of "  burning hair , blood , sulfur , " a good Samaritan emerged . He gave Woolfenden another tourniquet and rushed Leo to safety . "  I was completely terrified because I did n't know if I was ever going to see my son again . There was blood all over the sidewalk , all around me , " he said . Dr. David King , a trauma surgeon at Massachusetts General Hospital , spent 14 years in the U.S. Army as a combat surgeon and served in Iraq and Afghanistan , as well as in Haiti after the devastating 2010 earthquake . He has treated and operated on hundreds of troops injured by improvised explosive devices , he testified , and what he saw in Boston that day was n't much different from the carnage he witnessed in war zones . "  I arrived just as the first wave of casualties had shown up , " he said . "  I looked across the patients and I knew immediately , without anyone having to tell me , exactly what the wounding mechanism was . " Heather Abbott had no such experience , so when one of the two bombs exploded , sending her through the doors of a restaurant and into a "  puddle of chaos and blood and glass , " her instinct was to run . But she could n't . Her foot felt like it was on fire , she testified . Two women helped her as she overheard someone saying a Hail Mary . She called for her husband . He picked her up and carried her out of the restaurant . "  I saw blood pouring out of my foot , " she said . She finally got to a hospital , and after three attempts to save her foot , which was missing its entire heel , a doctor told her she had a decision : She could keep her leg and risk a life of excruciating pain or have it amputated below the knee . She chose the latter . "  It was probably the hardest decision I 've had to make , " she testified . Another marathon attendee rendered an amputee by the Tsarnaev brothers ' attack , Marc Fucarile , recounted the two bombs going off . "  I stepped back , and the next thing I remember was looking up at the sky , " he testified , adding that he remembered "  a lot of yelling , a lot of screaming , people crying out for tourniquets . " A nurse was sitting on his chest , and someone said , "  Oh , s *** , he 's on fire ! " He tried to undo his belt and got a third-degree burn because the buckle was so hot . A firefighter would later tell Fucarile that he handed his own right leg to the firefighter . He does n't remember that . In addition to treating him for severe burns over much of his body , doctors had to cut off a bone and stretch muscle over the stub so that a prosthetic would fit . He still gets blisters . "  So where the prosthetic attaches on your butt , it rubs and breaks down and creates open wounds , " he said . And though his left leg survived , it was severely burned , his calf muscle was blown off and his heel was shattered , he said . He hopes to save the left leg , he testified , but it 's likely that it will have to be amputated above the knee . He takes more than 70 pills -- 24 pills in morning , 22 in afternoon , 26 at night -- to cope with his injuries , he said . One of the most dramatic points in Thursday 's testimony involved the death of young Martin Richard . The prosecution showed close-up video of the 8-year-old , who was only 3 1/2 feet from one of the bombs , according to the FBI 's re-creation of the crime scene . His parents , Bill and Denise , are opposed to Tsarnaev receiving the death penalty and did not participate in the penalty phase , though Bill Richard did testify during the guilt phase . Dr. King told the court that Martin was especially vulnerable to the blast because he was so small and close to the ground , meaning the shrapnel more easily reached his head and torso . It 's highly unlikely the boy died instantly , King said . Explaining that Martin died of rapid blood loss , King testified , "  Receptors are generally not responsive to cutting . If you happen to be awake and someone cuts your bowel or liver , it generally does not hurt . What hurts is the stretching and twisting . ... Intestines were pulled and twisted ; that would have caused visceral type pain . " Woolfenden , the biomedical researcher , recalled seeing Martin and his mother shortly after the good Samaritan took Woolfenden 's son , Leo , to safety . "  I saw Martin 's face , and I could see a boy that looked like he was fatally injured , " he said , Martin 's hair was singed , his eyes had rolled back into his head and his mouth was agape . As for Martin 's torso , "  I saw an immense amount of blood . I was really , really terrified , " Woolfenden said . He recalled Denise Richard pleading with her son , saying , "  please " and "  Martin " over and over . Woolfenden placed his hand on Denise Richard 's back , he said . She turned to ask Woolfenden if he was OK . He said he was , and she turned her attention back to Martin . But no response came . According to testimony , Martin 's aorta was nearly severed and he was eviscerated by shrapnel from the blast . He bled to death on the sidewalk , and the last thing he probably felt was excruciating pain from the force of the blast twisting his internal organs . CNN 's Patrick Cornell contributed to this report .	Tsarnaev family members arrive in Boston , but it 's not clear if they 'll testify A woman testifies that she had to choose whether to keep her leg ; some other victims had no choice Starting Monday , the defense is expected to call witnesses to explain Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's difficult upbringing
CNN  -- A 2-year-old boy who was reportedly the son of Minnesota Vikings star Adrian Peterson died Friday of injuries he suffered after allegedly being abused , police said . Sioux Falls , South Dakota , police said Joseph Robert Patterson , 27 , has been charged with aggravated battery of an infant and aggravated assault . If convicted on the charges , both felonies , Patterson could face up to 40 years in prison and an $ 80,000 fine . Prosecutors are considering filing additional charges against Patterson in light of the boy 's death , according to police . Soon after the news came out of the boy 's death , Adrian Peterson took to Twitter to express his gratitude to his family , fans and the "  fraternity of brothers " in the NFL for their support . "  God Bless everyone and thank u so much , " he wrote . Patterson called authorities about 5:45 p.m. Wednesday to report that a 2-year-old was choking in his Sioux Falls apartment , police spokesman Sam Clemens said . Officers arrived to find the toddler unresponsive , and he was rushed to a nearby hospital . Authorities determined that the child had suffered injuries to his head consistent with abuse , according to Clemens . Police said Patterson , whom they described as the boyfriend of the injured child 's mother , was the only other person in the residence at the time . The suspect -- who was given suspended sentences a year ago for simple domestic assault and violation of a domestic abuse bond , both misdemeanors -- was arrested Thursday night , said Lincoln County , South Dakota , State 's Attorney Tom Wollman . A judge set his bail at $ 750,000 cash during his initial court appearance Friday , according to Clemens . The 2-year-old 's mother is not under investigation , Clemens added . "  This is an absolute tragedy , " Wollman said Friday , "  and the parents and the extended family are suffering greatly . " Authorities have declined to name the child , with police saying that information is "  being withheld out of respect for the family and to give them time to make notification . " Peterson 's father , Nelson Peterson , told the St. Paul Pioneer Press that the injured toddler is his grandson and Adrian 's son . Nelson Peterson did not identify the boy by name except to say he was not Adrian Peterson Jr. . The 2012 NFL Most Valuable Player himself did not elaborate on what happened when addressing reporters earlier Friday , at which time the child was in critical condition . But he did acknowledge that he was dealing with "  a private matter , " adding that he still plans to play in Sunday 's game against the Carolina Panthers . "  I will ask you all to please just respect my privacy , " Peterson said . Even if he was n't talking , many athletes were . The Washington Redskins ' Robert Griffin III and Houston Texans ' defense lineman J.J. Watt were among Peterson 's competitors who expressed condolences online , as well as their shock at what happened . Among the most vocal was LeBron James , who has won the NBA 's MVP award four of the past five seasons . Declaring "  ol buddy will get what 's coming to him !! " -- an apparent reference to the suspect -- James expressed the sorrow he felt , as a young father himself , while offering support to his friend . "  So Damn sad man ! " the Miami Heat star tweeted . "  Makes no sense at all . Innocent kid with dreams gets taking away by a coward with no dreams at all ! Smh #SickForAP . " CNN 's Cristy Lenz and Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	NEW : Athletes voice support , with LeBron James saying the death "  makes no sense at all " The boyfriend of the toddler 's mother is accused of assaulting the child St. Paul Pioneer Press : Grandfather says the child is Adrian Peterson 's son Adrian Peterson tweets his thanks for the support he 's received
CNN  -- Britain 's Andy Murray began his clay court campaign with an impressive straight sets win over Serbia 's Viktor Troicki at the Monte Carlo Masters Tuesday . The world number four was the first of the big name seeds in action in the principality and wasted little time in dispatching Troicki 6-0 6-3 in a second round match . Murray reached the semifinals of the Masters 1000 tournament last year and the French Open , beaten on both occasions by the ` king of clay ' Rafael Nadal . Troicki was able to muster little in the way of opposition and was whitewashed in a one-sided opening set . He was able to hold his service at the start of the second , but Murray broke again to edge ahead and a second break at 5-3 saw him close out victory in 67 minutes . The third seed , who is sporting a new close crop haircut , will meet either Julien Benneteau or Jurgen Melzer in the next round . "  It was good . I moved well , " said Murray . "  I was sliding pretty well on the court . Normally that 's the thing that takes time to get used to . Normally for me that 's a good sign on the clay , whether I 'm playing well or not , " he told the official ATP Tour website . Fourth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga celebrated his 27th birthday with a 6-2 6-4 win over Germany 's Philipp Kohlschreiber in their second round match . The Frenchman was earning a tough third round clash against 13th-seeded Spaniard Fernando Verdasco , who recovered from a set down to beat Ivan Dodig of Croatia 3-6 6-3 6-1 . Dodig had brought down the curtain on the career of his compatriot Ivan Ljubicic Sunday with a straight sets win in their first round match . In first round action , Switzerland 's Stanislas Wawrinka shocked 10th seed Feliciano Lopez of Spain 6-1 6-4 , while Andreas Seppi of Italy beat Romania 's Victor Hanescu 6-3 6-1 to set up a meeting with Novak Djokovic . World number one Djokovic is hoping to end Nadal 's seven-year winning run in Monte Carlo having sat out the tournament last year . Both will be in action Wednesday with Nadal opening against Finn Jarkko Nieminen .	Third seed Andy Murray dismisses Viktor Troicki in straight sets Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France also into Monte Carlo third round Andreas Seppi earns second round match against Novak Djokovic Rafael Nadal is seven-time defending champion at tournament
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- At least 13 people were killed and 20 wounded when lightning struck a makeshift mosque in a remote village in northeast Bangladesh on Friday , police said . The lightning strike occurred as people gathered for a special evening prayer known as taraweeh that is conducted during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . "  Multiple lightning strikes occurred during a storm when nearly 35 people gathered at a house in the village of Saraswati where they turned a tin roof shed into a makeshift mosque for the month of Ramadan as a regular mosque was far away , " Dharmapasha police chief Bayes Alam told CNN . The village Saraswati is some 200 kilometers  124 miles  from the capital of Dhaka . Heavy rains in recent weeks have swollen the Saraswati River , making access to the village difficult . "  As boats were the only mode of transport to go out of the village , it took several hours to take the critically wounded people to the hospital , " said Akm Mezanul Haque , the officer-in-charge of the Modhyanagar police station , who joined the rescue operation . Of the 13 killed by the lightning strike , Mohammad Shahabuddin , the imam , and two others died at the mosque , Alam said . Ten others were declared dead at a Dharmapasha area hospital , he said . Area residents and police took the wounded , many in critical condition , to the area hospital .	A lightning strike occurred as people gathered for evening prayers , police said Lightning struck a tin roof shed that was doubling as a mosque , police said The strike occurred in Saraswati , some 200 kilometers from the capital of Dhaka .
CNN  -- Basketball star Dennis Rodman seemed to get pretty upset Tuesday when asked whether he should be visiting North Korea with a group of former NBA players as part of his "  basketball diplomacy " efforts . In the exclusive interview with CNN 's Chris Cuomo on "  New Day , " Rodman supported his controversial trip and called the country 's leader , Kim Jong Un , a "  friend " who he loves . In case you missed it , here are the top five most amazing moments from his interview with Cuomo : When Rodman explained why he 's visiting North Korea : "  It 's not a good idea -- the one thing that we 're doing -- it 's a great idea for the world , for the world . And people always come down on the things I do , and it 's weird . " When Rodman compared his trip to the Olympics : "  No one ever , ever asked anyone in the world why we have Olympics . And we have struggles around the world , in all the countries around the world . But when the Olympics come around there 's no problems -- it 's all about the game . People love to do one thing : sports . " When Rodman semed to imply that Kenneth Bae , an American citizen who has been sentenced to 15 years hard labor in North Korea , had done something wrong : "  Kenneth Bae did one thing . If you understand what Kenneth Bae did -- do you understand what he did in this country ? "  Cuomo asks Rodman to specify exactly what Bae did .  "  You tell me , why is he held captive ? "  The North Korean regime says Bae was found guilty of "  hostile acts " and attempts to topple the government . His mother told CNN in October that Bae has a profound love for the country and its people , and any offense he caused was not intentional . When Rodman said he was ready to take abuse from Americans : "  You 're the guy behind the mic right now . We 're the guys here doing one thing . We have to go back to America and take the abuse . Do you have to take the abuse that we 're goning to take ? Do you , sir ? Are you going to take the abuse ? We 're going to get it . " When Rodman cut Cuomo off to tell him he does n't ` give a rat 's ass ' what he thinks : "  You know , you 've got 10 guys here , 10 guys here , they 've left their families , they 've left their damn families , to help this country , in a sports venture . That 's 10 guys , all these guys here , do anyone understand that ? "  Cuomo tells Rodman he understands and thanks the group for the cultural exchange but Rodman cuts him off .  "  I do n't give a rat 's ass what the hell you think . I 'm saying to you , look at these guys here , look at them . ... They dared to do one thing , they came here . " Rodman 's visit comes just weeks after North Korea announced it had executed Kim 's once-powerful uncle . Rodman and the former NBA players who have joined him are playing a friendly match against North Korea 's basketball team on Wednesday , when Kim is believed to turn 31 . Rodman struck up the unlikely relationship with Kim when he traveled to North Korea for the first time in February . He has called Kim a "  very good guy " and "  a friend for life " despite international condemnation of the country 's human rights record .	Dennis Rodman becomes angry while being interviewed by CNN 's Chris Cuomo Rodman bristles when asked if it 's appropriate for him to lead a visit to North Korea The former NBA star tells Cuomo , "  I do n't give a rat 's ass what the hell you think " Rodman implies that an American imprisoned in North Korea did something wrong
CNN  -- Your typical royal toast likely involves a bit of the bubbly . This one just involves some stale bread . Up for auction in the United Kingdom this week is a piece of toast from Prince Charles ' breakfast tray on the morning he married Lady Diana Spencer on July 29 , 1981 . Rosemarie Smith snatched the crispy piece of bread during a visit to Buckingham Palace . Her daughter , who worked for the royal family for almost three decades , had invited Smith to spend the hours ahead of the wedding at the palace with her . "  At the time my daughter was a maid at the Palace and one of her duties was to collect Prince Charles 's breakfast tray from outside his room , " Smith said in a report on the auctioneers ' website . "  I was with her in the corridor and saw that Prince Charles had left some toast on the tray . I had been thinking about a keepsake from the wedding and saw the toast and thought to myself : ` Why not ' ? " William and Kate 's wedding and the Queen 's Jubilee got Smith thinking that her bit of royal bread could be worth something . "  I just wandered into the auctioneers out of curiosity and asked them if it was worth anything , " she said . "  I was pleasantly surprised to hear them agree with me that it could be of quite some value to Royal collectors . " Auctioneer Charles Hanson said he believes the souvenir could fetch up to  # 500  $ 778  when it goes on the block Thursday . "  If only the toast could talk , " he said . "  I suspect Prince Charles was a little nervous on the morning of the big day and this little piece of toast survived ! " Of course , this is n't the first bit of food auctioned off for its unique qualities . Last month , a McDonalds Chicken McNugget that had "  an uncanny resemblance to the undead " attracted 31 bidders . The zombie McNugget sold for $ 50 . Over the years , a number of folks have claimed to have seen the images of religious figures and celebrities in a host of food items . There was the Virgin Mary grilled cheese sandwich for which an Internet casino site claimed to have paid $ 28,000 . Last year , a couple in Somerset , England , hoped to cash in on a mango-flavored jelly that they said looked like Kate Middleton . Capitalizing on the interest in such items , a company called Burnt Impressions developed a Jesus toaster that burns his image into your morning breakfast routine Talk about your bread of life !	The piece of toast came from Prince Charles ' breakfast tray It could fetch up to  # 500 or $ 778 People seem to see images in lots of food A grilled cheese sandwich of the Virgin Mary sold for $ 28,000
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court sided with Congress on Thursday in the high-stakes power struggle over presidential recess appointments , in which officials are placed in top government jobs temporarily without Senate approval . The justices ' unanimous ruling on the narrowest of grounds against the Obama administration could invalidate hundreds of decisions by the National Labor Relations Board , the federal agency at the center of this legal fight . At issue is whether three people named by President Barack Obama to the board were ineligible to serve because their appointments were made while the Senate was technically in a "  pro forma " session during the 2011-12 winter holiday break . That meant the mostly empty chamber was convening every three days without any business conducted , and with the sessions lasting only minutes at most . The court majority concluded recess appointments would be valid if those breaks lasted 10 days or more . The Constitution allows a president to fill temporary appointments during a recess , without congressional approval . But more recently , lawmakers have sought to thwart certain appointments by never technically shutting down the Senate . The closely watched constitutional and political confrontation over the practice has accelerated because of partisan gridlock in Congress . Presidential spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters on Air Force One that the White House was "  deeply disappointed " in the decision and said the administration is "  still reviewing it . " The court 's opinion will not have an immediate effect , since Democrats controlling the Senate imposed rules making it harder for Republicans to block Obama 's nominees . But a change in Senate control after November 's midterm elections could renew the disagreements . "  We conclude that the Recess Appointment Clause does not give the President the constitutional authority to make the appointments here at issue , " Justice Stephen Breyer said . "  We hold that the Senate is in session , and not in recess , when the Senate says that it is in session . " But the court said the executive could use his power to make recess appointments even when the vacancy occurred before the Senate goes on break . To achieve unanimity , the court took a limited approach , avoiding a decision that could have applied to greater set of recess scenarios , thereby further blunting the executive 's power . Four conservative justices wanted their colleagues to go farther , and complained the majority "  bends over backwards " to preserve some of the President 's options . That gives both branches some room to claim even a partial victory . Senate officials weigh in "  I welcome the Supreme Court 's important decision today , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said just after the ruling . "  This administration has a tendency to abide by laws that it likes and to disregard those it does n't . " His Democratic counterpart blamed the GOP for the current fights . "  Since President Obama took office , Senate Republicans have done everything possible to deny qualified nominees from receiving a fair up-or-down vote , " said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada . "  President Obama did the right thing when he made these appointments on behalf of American workers . " While agreeing with the outcome of the narrow question presented , four more conservative justices worried that the ruling would allow the President to retain a good deal of the "  powerful weapon " of making recess appointments . "  The only remaining practical use for the recess-appointment power is the ignoble one of enabling Presidents to circumvent the Senate 's role in the appointment process , which is precisely what happened here , " Justice Antonin Scalia said from the bench . Other Presidents ' recess appointments Among recent presidents , Ronald Reagan made 240 recess appointments , George H. W. Bush made 77 , Bill Clinton made 139 , George W. Bush made 171 , and Obama has made 32 so far . Gen.  later President  Dwight Eisenhower , Judge  later Justice  Thurgood Marshall , Chief Justice Earl Warren and Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan were all recess appointments . Some GOP lawmakers also accused the President of flip-flopping on the issue . When he was a senator , Obama criticized then-President Bush 's recess appointment of John Bolton as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations . The court 's ruling could also put in jeopardy some decisions made by Richard Cordray , who was appointed to head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , a move also being challenged in a separate lawsuit . Cordray was named the same day as the three National Labor Relations Board appointments , which gave the board a full panel for the first time in a year . The lawsuit leading the to the Supreme Court case was brought by Noel Canning , a family-owned Yakima , Washington , bottling company , which complained the board improperly ruled in favor of Teamsters Local 760 during contract negotiations . Company executives said the board lacked a binding quorum because the recess appointments made by Obama were not legal . How they 've kept the Senate in session Since May 2011 , Republicans have been relying on a little-known procedure to keep the Senate in session , even when it was not really conducting any business , in order to stop the President from making those recess appointments . The legal basis comes from a 1993 Department of Justice brief saying the president should act only if the Senate is in official recess more than three days . So , party leaders have arranged for a single Republican lawmaker to show up every three days and gavel the Senate to order , wait around for about 30 seconds , gavel it to a close , then leave . Legal experts have disagreed on both the tactical and timing procedures by the Senate , and whether the president has unilateral authority to override those legislative tactics . The case is NLRB v. Noel Canning  12-1281  . Boehner plans lawsuit against Obama over executive orders	Unanimous ruling could invalidate hundreds of National Labor Relations Board decisions Constitution allows temporary appointments during a recess , without congressional approval Lawmakers have sought to stop appointments by technically never shutting down the Senate
CNN  -- In an industry known for elevating a certain look , prizing a certain age and sticking to the script , Jane Lynch is exceptional . At 52 , the 6-foot-tall comedienne and actress has experienced more success in the last five years of her career than most actors could dream of for their entire life . Her role as Sue Sylvester on the hit television series "  Glee " has won her critical praise and accolades including a Screen Actor 's Guild Award , Golden Globe Award and Primetime Emmy Award . Likewise , Lynch 's personal life is experiencing its own renaissance . In 2010 , she married Dr. Lara Embry and in doing so became a second mom to daughters Haden and Chase . With the ease of a seasoned vet , Lynch masterfully balances bawdy with heart . If you missed her outrageous turn as a lesbian dog trainer in "  Best in Show " or lampooning fellow funny lady Roseanne during a Comedy Central roast , you might have caught her as the voice of Calhoun in the recent Disney movie "  Wreck-It Ralph . " For her next adventure , Lynch moves from the screen to the page , hoping to entertain kids of all ages with the new holiday book "  Elfbot . " CNN : Tell me about "  Elfbot . " Lynch : Oh , it 's great ! It 's an audio book that Barnes & Noble is offering . It 's a great reverse Pinocchio story where the toymaker wants to become a toy . It 's a lot of fun . We 're hoping to start a holiday tradition . CNN : And I hear it 's a family affair ? Lynch : Yes , my daughter Haden is on it . Actually , we all know each other very well , and Kenny G is on it . The director is my best friend . CNN : Is it scary or exciting to see your child possibly getting into showbiz ? Lynch : Scary . There 's a part of me that had to find my own way . I started from kind of an obscure place , and I really wanted it . I think that adds to my level of professionalism . ... But , I just have to have faith in the goodness of my kids , and she 's a great kid . I have this thing about me , because I came up from nowhere , that she should too , but you know what , that 's not her path . CNN : You have come a long way , all the way from Dolton , Illinois , to the red carpets of Hollywood . Do you still pinch yourself ? Lynch : Every day ! And it 's a plethora of things . I pinch myself every day , and there 's a part of me that 's always like , "  wow ! " CNN : When you hosted "  Saturday Night Live " and went completely nude for that digital short , I remember thinking , "  this woman is fearless . " Was there a moment in your life when you just decided to be completely unapologetic for your creative choices ? Lynch : Oh , absolutely . It was when I was doing improv at Second City . You 're doing these sets afterwards , and sometimes it 's like the bigger choice you make , the bigger you fall on your face . I think my work started to seem profound when I started making huge choices . Yes , some of them were too huge , where you lose people and you lose reality , but I think you have to go that far in order to know what you can do -- what 's inside of you . CNN : I hope someone was recording those big moments . Lynch : I remember playing Queen Margaret in "  Richard III " in Chicago 's Shakespeare Company . Usually , that character is cut because she is so bombastic . Well , I wanted to keep her in ! So I did and a review came out that said when I was finished , there was no scenery left ! So yeah . CNN : Cleared the room , did you ? Lynch : Exactly . It was huge . CNN : Sue Sylvester knows how to clear a room . What 's going on over at "  Glee " these days ? Lynch : Well , we have these new kids , and I 'm absolutely floored by their talent . I love the fact that we 're following the gang in New York , you know , Rachel and the kids . The writers have really stepped up . It 's a new show this year but with all the same principles . It 's all about raising your voice in song and having each other 's back , and I think that 's why it 's resonated so strongly . CNN : The show 's diverse themes have been a lightning rod for praise and criticism . It reminds me of a modern "  All in the Family . " Do you ever feel like Ryan Murphy has taken the baton from Norman Lear ? Lynch : You know , I had n't made that connection , but I think that 's really apt . Norman Lear was really ahead of his time . "  All in the Family " was all about progress and was so groundbreaking . Why did n't things take off from there ? But , I think you 're absolutely right . Ryan is on the line and pushing people . We have a transgender character on "  Glee , " and we 're showing the realism in that -- the struggle with the kids and the parents to accept him . Ultimately , they do , and they cast him as Rizzo in "  Grease . " And , of course , I ruin it all ! You know , it 's Sue 's own prejudice , her own fear that someone will be ridiculed , whereas the kids feel strong enough . CNN : You 've become a role model to millions of people but especially gay women . Did you set out to champion gay rights ? Lynch : It 's not something I ever set out to do , but I 'm glad I can . I really have to thank all those that came before me . They made it possible . People like Ellen and Rosie . There are so many people out there every day working for all of us . CNN : It sounds like the themes of acceptance and inclusiveness on "  Glee " really line up with your own personal views . Lynch : Oh , very much ! I always wished I had something like "  Glee " when I was growing up . I 'm glad there are kids living out there in not-so-friendly parts of the country who have "  Glee " to watch . They can see that there is hope and that it does get better and that there are people who have your back . You just have to find them .	Lynch is providing the voice for new holiday book "  Elfbot " Her daughter Haden also appears on the audiobook Lynch said she loves the new talent on "  Glee "
CNN  The scene is like something from a horror movie . Saturday , a known supporter of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria posted a video online of one of two Japanese hostages holding up what looks like a picture of his beheaded compatriot . The video follows one released earlier in the week featuring a militant threatening to kill the two Japanese citizens if a $ 200 million ransom was n't paid within 72 hours . They are the kind of images many Japanese hoped they would not have to deal with . After all , Japan is currently barred by its "  peace constitution " from engaging in offensive military action . Yet despite this , ISIS has apparently decided that Japan is an adversary . This is likely in part because Japan is a close ally of the United States , one that also has a strong interest in the stability of the Middle East . Moreover , during his recent visit to Israel , Jordan and Egypt , Prime Minister Shinzo Abe pledged $ 200 million in non-military aid to nations dealing with ISIS . But whatever ISIS 's intentions , Japan 's non-combat role in world affairs has n't stopped it from being a victim of terrorism in the post-September 11 era . In 2003 , for example , two diplomats were killed in a terrorist ambush in Iraq , and several citizens were taken hostage in Iraq in 2004 and 2005 . In 2012 , a veteran journalist was killed in Syria , while in January 2013 , nine Japanese citizens were killed in the Algerian hostage crisis . Still , this latest hostage crisis has been particularly attention-grabbing for many Japanese for two reasons . The first and most obvious is the fact that there was such vivid notice given -- the huge ransom demand with a 72-hour ultimatum -- followed by the disturbing images Saturday . But the hostage-taking has also prompted an interesting debate over the story behind why journalist Kenji Goto and self-styled military contractor Haruna Yukawa were in Syria . The Japanese public obviously hoped for the safe return of our two citizens , but most did not believe the government should pay the ransom . And there was also particular sympathy for Goto , who is not only recognized for his journalism , but who was apparently captured after going to the region to try to rescue Yukawa . But there have also been questions about why nothing was done sooner when the two had been missing for months , and also why they were in such a dangerous part of the world in the first place . Many Japanese believe the two bear some responsibility for traveling to the region despite public warnings by the Japanese government about the risks of citizens traveling there . Looking ahead , the hostage-taking has left many wondering what the impact will be on Japan 's current efforts to upgrade its security policies and processes . The crisis will be seen as underscoring the impact of instability thousands of miles from its shores , and therefore the need for Japan to adopt a sharper , more proactive security posture even beyond East Asia . More specifically , one of the 15 scenarios presented by the Japanese government in its push toward a more proactive defense posture was allowing the use of weapons in overseas rescue missions of Japanese citizens . The development of this specific scenario reflects the lessons of the 2013 Algeria crisis , and the fact that under current laws , only aircraft , vehicles , and vessels are allowed for transportation . If these changes are introduced , the Japanese government would be able to dispatch its Japan Self-Defense Force for armed rescue operations  upon approval from the country involved  . Certainly , given the security challenges that Japan faces , both within Asia -- in the form of territorial issues with China and with an unpredictable North Korea -- and further afield , it seems essential that Japan sharpens and strengthens its defense posture and plays a more proactive international role . To make this possible , Japan will have to do a number of things . First , the government will have to learn how to better execute its crisis management efforts using new assets such as the recently-formed National Security Council . Second , the government needs to get more creative in its efforts to enhance its international coordination and intelligence capabilities -- and ultimately defense assets -- to strengthen its security capacity . In addition , Japan needs to place greater priority on realigning its forces to meet the evolving challenges it faces . And finally , Tokyo must focus more on promoting greater awareness of terrorist groups such as ISIS , and the very real and direct threat they could pose to the country . Achieving all this will be challenging and will require investing significant political and bureaucratic capital . And while Prime Minister Abe 's party has just won a resounding victory in a snap election , Japan is also dealing with an aging population and stagnant economy , so it is unclear how much in terms of energy and resources the government will have to spend on refocusing the country 's security posture . But as much as anything , the debate over security -- and this week 's tragic hostage situation -- are a reminder that Japan may increasingly find itself and its citizens in the firing line . A more assertive policy will expose Japan to more conflict and heighten its exposure to terrorism -- no small shift to handle in a remarkably safe country that for decades has turned its back on military conflict . How the government deals with this challenge -- and , more immediately , the aftermath of this week 's tragedy -- will shape the direction of Japan 's national security , and its ability to protect this country 's citizens .	An ISIS supporter 's video suggests a Japanese hostage has been killed Ryo Hinata-Yamaguchi : A more assertive policy will expose Japan to more conflict
CNN  -- Andy Carroll scored twice , his first goals for Liverpool , to help his club comfortably defeat Manchester City 3-0 in Monday 's Premier League encounter at Anfield . City , who needed a victory to move above Chelsea into third place in the table , were blown away by a devastating first half performance from Liverpool , who have consolidated sixth position with this result . Liverpool began brightly and nearly took a seventh-minute lead when Luis Suarez 's fine strike was tipped onto the post by City 's England goalkeeper Joe Hart . But the visiting defense was struggling to cope with Liverpool 's wave of attacks and the hosts took a deserved lead six minutes later when Carroll 's superbly struck left-footed strike , from just outside the area , swerved past Hart for his first goal since joining the club for a British record transfer fee in January . Liverpool doubled their lead in the 34th minute when City failed to clear a succession of crosses and blocked shots , the ball eventually falling to the feet of Dirk Kuyt who fired through the legs of defender Alexander Kolarov and past Hart . Liverpool made it 3-0 a minute later when Raul Meireles curled in an inviting cross from the left for Carroll to outjump Kolarov and help the ball into the far corner of the net . Liverpool had chances to increase their lead after the break but Hart did well to keep out efforts from Meireles and Kuyt , while Suarez fired wide from an acute angle and Carroll headed over the crossbar from a good position . City 's defeat means they lie just three points ahead of Tottenham , who have a game in hand , in the race for the final Champions League place , with the teams still to play each other this season . A bad night for Roberto Mancini 's side was made worse with the news that talismanic striker Carlos Tevez is now doubtful for Sunday 's FA Cup semifinal against rivals Manchester United at Wembley , after limping off in the first half with a hamstring injury .	Andy Carroll scores his first Liverpool goals in a 3-0 win over Manchester City They are Carroll 's first goals since his records transfer from Newcastle in January Dirk Kuyt also scores as Liverpool consolidate sixth place in the table Manchester City remain fourth , just three points ahead of Tottenham in fifth
CNN  -- The United States must beat Guadeloupe on Tuesday to guarantee a quarterfinal place at the Gold Cup , having suffered a shock first group-stage defeat in the CONCACAF region tournament . Bob Bradley 's team go into the final match of pool play in Kansas on the back of Saturday 's 2-1 loss to Panama in Florida -- the nation 's first such Gold Cup setback in 27 matches and the first in nine encounters with the Central American side . "  I do n't think the heat was a factor . On the night we were not sharp enough , " coach Bradley told the U.S. Soccer website . "  With the fast turnaround , we 're clearly going to consider some changes and be ready to go Tuesday night in Kansas City . " Five Mexico stars banned after failing drugs test Panama led 2-0 with first-half goals from Luis Tejada and Gabriel Gomez , the latter a penalty after Tim Bream fouled Blas Perez . Striker Clarence Goodson reduced the deficit in the 68th minute when Michael Bradley flicked on Landon Donovan 's corner , but the four-time Gold Cup champions could not manage an equalizer . The win put Panama on top of Group C with two victories from two ahead of the final match against Canada , who are level with the U.S. on three points after beating 10-man Guadeloupe 1-0 . Jean-Luc Lambourde was sent off in the fourth minute after a foul on Will Johnson , while Dwayne De Rosario scored the winner from the penalty spot in the 51st minute after Stephane Zubar was booked for fouling Ali Gerba . The Panamanians lost to the U.S. in the 2005 final after a penalty shootout , and reached the quarterfinals in 2007 and 2009 . In Sunday 's Group A games , defending champions Mexico take on second-placed Costa Rica having already qualified for the last eight after two successive 5-0 wins . However , Mexico 's hopes have been hit by the suspension of five players -- Guillermo Ochoa , Francisco Javier Rodriguez , Edgar Duenas , Antonio Naelson "  Sinha " and Christian Bermudez -- who tested positive for the banned drug clenbuterol . To finish second , El Salvador -- whose only point came in a 1-1 draw with Costa Rica -- must beat bottom nation Cuba by 11 goals and see the 2009 semifinalists lose to five-time champions Mexico . Group B concludes on Monday , with Jamaica already through to the quarterfinals after two victories ahead of the clash with second-placed Honduras in New Jersey . Third-placed Guatemala , who have only one point , must beat bottom nation Grenada by a big margin and hope the Hondurans lose .	U.S. national soccer team needs win over Guadeloupe to reach last eight at Gold Cup CONCACAF tournament hosts beaten by Panama for the first time on Saturday Panama on top of Group C with two victories from two games U.S. level with Canada on three points after North American rivals beat Guadeloupe
CNN  -- This week , Time magazine named Miley Cyrus a finalist for Person of the Year , the annual award bestowed on the person editors think has "  most affected the news and our lives , for good or ill , and embodied what was important about the year . " A true testament to the global influence of twerking , she was the only nominee from the entertainment industry . Her co-nominees included Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , President Obama , Pope Francis , and gay rights activist Edith Windsor . The pope was the winner , but one thing 's for certain : Miley Cyrus makes an impact . Regardless of whether you care about her latest performance or haircut or provocative , eyebrow-raising declaration to the press , it 's likely you 'll have heard about it . In part , that 's owing to her affinity for ever-media-friendly shock , delivered in the form of a raunchy , nudity-filled music video ; a raunchy , nudity-filled photo shoot with photographer Terry Richardson ; and a raunchy awards show performance that likely would have contained some nudity had it been allowed . It did , however , contain a foam finger and a latex bodysuit . And a tongue that was a performer of its own . Shocking behavior is n't uncommon in the entertainment industry , and especially in music . Shock , like sex , sells . But it 's quite possible Cyrus is n't selling just shock , and albums . She 's also selling drugs . Earlier this year , Miley ended months of speculation that one of her song lyrics referred to "  Molly , " the nickname for psychedelic drug MDMA , or a form of Ecstasy . When she was asked if she was referring to her own name or the drug Molly in the song "  We Ca n't Stop , " she told The Daily Mail , "  If you 're aged 10 , it 's ` Miley . ' If you know what I 'm talking about , then you know . " In September , she offered a second endorsement , telling Rolling Stone that marijuana and Molly are "  happy drugs -- social drugs . They make you want to be with friends . " What effect might the former Disney star 's drug advocacy have on the legions of tween and teen fans who follow her every move ? A 2008 study looking at the influence of technology , media and pop culture on criminal behavior concluded that while young people are influenced by pop culture , and more so than adults , it was difficult to empirically study the cause and effect of pop culture on their behavior . And certainly , the glorification of vice in music is not at the hands of Miley Cyrus alone : A 2008 study out of the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine and published in the Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine found that 33 % of the top 300 songs on the top of the Billboard charts portrayed drug or alcohol use -- an increasing number of them pop songs -- which means that kids receive about 35 references to substance abuse for every hour of music they listen to . That said , what we do know : Exposure to excessive violence in video games can increase aggressive attitudes , behaviors and values , particularly in children . And adolescent exposure to music , a powerful social force often linked to identity , memories and mood , is much more frequent than it is to any other form of pop culture . According to the Pittsburgh School of Medicine study , most teens listen to an average of 16 hours each week of music , compared with about six hours each week for movies . Perhaps more than any other entertainment medium , the study authors wrote , "  music is well known to connect deeply with adolescents and to influence identity development . " And so it 's hard not to argue that Molly is likely reaping the benefits . The numbers are there : A 2010 National Survey on Drug Use and Health found that 12.4 % of Americans between 18 and 25 had experimented with MDMA , while a report released last week by the U.S. Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration stated that emergency room visits related to MDMA increased 128 % between 2005 and 2011 among people younger than 21 . "  Everyone wants to try it , " a recent Teen Vogue article quoted a 19-year-old named Samantha as saying , and indeed many are : In recent months , there were multiple suspected MDMA-related deaths and hospitalizations reported along the East Coast , and in October , MDMA was linked to 10 Chicago-area deaths . Music might not make kids do drugs . But it 's na  ve to think that music is n't having an impact on kids ' behavior and perception -- and that all this attention Cyrus is getting is n't teaching them something about what it takes to get noticed .  Meanwhile , all the attention MDMA is getting will , naturally , serve to pique curiosity . Cyrus is an adult . She can sing about and ingest whatever she wants -- but naming her a Person of the Year ? Well , it 's a tough pill to swallow . Unless , of course , you 're a drug named Molly . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Drexler .	Peggy Drexler : That Miley Cyrus was a finalist for Person of the Year shows her impact Drexler : She confirms the "  Molly " she sings of in "  We Ca n't Stop " is a form of drug MDMA Drexler : Who knows if her fans will be likely to try it , but music is a powerful force She says MDMA-related ER visits and reports of young people dying from it are up
CNN  -- A suspect in the shooting of a Seattle , Washington , police officer is also believed to be behind the bombing of four police cars , Seattle Assistant Police Chief Jim Pugel said at a press conference Saturday . Christopher Monfort , 41 , remained hospitalized in serious condition after being shot by officers during a confrontation Friday . "  This man , from everything that we can tell , appears to be a lone domestic terrorist , " Pugel said . Monfort was in custody at the hospital , but no charges had yet been filed , a Seattle police spokeswoman told CNN . Charges could be filed as early as Monday , she said . Police named Monfort as a suspect in the Halloween night killing of Officer Tim Brenton , who was shot while sitting in his patrol car . A student officer was injured in the attack . Investigators also suspect Monfort in the October 22 arson of four police vehicles with homemade explosives , Pugel said . On Friday , a tipster alerted police to the owner of a Datsun 210 who covered his car shortly after the shooting , Pugel said . While detectives walked near the residence , they came across Monfort , and after a brief questioning , Monfort pulled out a gun and aimed it at one of the officers , police said . Monfort pulled the trigger , and when the gun did n't go off , began to run , Pugel said . When Monfort turned around toward the police with the weapon again , the officers fired , he said . The local sheriff 's department would investigate the officer-involved shooting . Investigators found improvised explosive devices and two weapons , including a military assault rifle , inside Monfort 's apartment , Pugel said . The suspect 's car had not yet been searched . Brenton , 39 , a field training officer , was reviewing details of a traffic stop with student officer Brit Sweeney Saturday night when a vehicle rolled up next to the squad car shortly after 10 p.m. , authorities said Several shots were fired into the squad car , killing Brenton and injuring Sweeney , according to police . The shooting was the first intentional homicide of a city police officer since 1994 , Seattle Mayor Greg Nickels said . Brenton was married with two children , 11 and 8 . He served on the force for nine years , police said . His father and uncle are retired Seattle police officers .	Suspect identified as Christopher Monfort , who was wounded by officers Friday The 41-year-old suspect remained hospitalized in serious condition on Saturday Monfort is suspected in the October 31 slaying of Officer Tim Brenton Police also suspect Monfort in earlier bombings of of four police vehicles
CNN  -- The Verizon iPhone train started rolling this week , but Apple 's main smartphone competitors are n't about to be left at the station . This week , cellular carriers released details about a trio of upcoming smartphones , all of which run an older version of Google 's Android operating system . AT&T announced a March 6 release deadline for the Atrix 4G , a Motorola Mobility "  transformer " phone that grabbed the spotlight at the Consumer Electronics Show last month . With a speedy dual-core processor inside , the Arix can be used as a media center or limited-function PC when connected to a television or monitor using a dock accessory . Motorola will also sell a laptop shell that allows the Atrix to essentially convert into a sort of netbook , complete with a keyboard . New details about the much-anticipated Atrix came on the same day Verizon Wireless began letting current customers pre-order the iPhone 4 , formerly exclusive to AT&T in the U.S. . At $ 200 with a two-year contract , the Atrix will be among the first to run on AT&T 's faster data network and carry the "  4G " branding .  For $ 500 with a contract , you get the phone and the laptop dock ; the latter is also sold separately for $ 500 . The Atrix , an AT&T exclusive , will be available for pre-order starting on February 13 . On the same day , AT&T will begin selling another so-called 4G phone . The second-largest U.S. carrier by subscribers announced the launch date and a $ 100 price tag , two-year agreement required , for HTC 's Inspire 4G . That info came on Tuesday , kicking off a big week for smartphone news . The Inspire has a 4.3-inch screen -- the same large size as the Evo 4G . The new device will be the inaugural smartphone to offer AT&T 's Mobile Hotspot service . Having long struggled to support the bandwidth needs of its millions of smartphone subscribers , AT&T lags behind competitors in offering this feature . Customers will have to pay an extra $ 20 per month to use the feature , which adds 2 gigabytes of wireless internet usage , the carrier said on Wednesday . T-Mobile USA , the fourth-largest U.S. network , said on Tuesday that it expects to begin selling the Galaxy S 4G from Samsung Electronics this month . It 's similar to Samsung 's several other Android handsets , but this one is compatible with T-Mobile 's faster data network . All three of these new smartphones , strangely , come with a seven-month-old version of Android , called Froyo . Since releasing that version , Google launched another called Gingerbread , which powers a Samsung-made phone called the Nexus S. Google held a news conference on Wednesday to say developers are close to releasing the first device that will run the next Android , called Honeycomb , this month .	AT&T and T-Mobile announce details about three new Android phones this week The most hyped of the trio is called the Atrix 4G , which can transform into a laptop None of these upcoming devices run the newest versions of Android
CNN  -- A Russian jetliner crashed on landing in the city of Kazan , killing all 50 aboard , authorities there reported Sunday . Tatarstan Airlines flight 363 carried 44 passengers and a crew of six , Emergency Situations Ministry spokeswoman Irina Rossius said . There were no survivors . The dead included Lt. Gen. Alexander Antonov , the regional chief of Russia 's Federal Security Service , and Irek Minnikhanov , the son of Tatarstan regional President Rustam Minnikhanov , Russia 's state news service RIA Novosti reported . A British national was also among those killed , the UK foreign ministry said . The Boeing 737 took off from Moscow 's Domodedovo International Airport , about 700 kilometers  450 miles  west of Kazan , Rossius said . There was no immediate indication of the cause of the crash , which occurred about 7:25 p.m. , the ministry said . Russia 's Interstate Aviation Committee has launched an investigation , and the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board and Boeing are assisting . Boeing said it "  extends its deepest condolences to the families of those who perished . " The jet was 23 years old and had been in service with at least eight airlines , including Air France , Uganda Airlines and Bulgaria Air , according to aviation industry websites . In a November 2012 flight , it was forced to cut short a flight to Moscow and return to Kazan after losing cabin pressure , according to the website AeroInside . Russia has tried to improve its checkered reputation for air safety in recent years . In 2011 , then-President Dmitry Medvedev grounded two classes of Soviet-era aircraft after a pair of crashes that killed more than 90 people , including a charter plane crash that killed an entire professional hockey team . Medvedev said Russia would have to upgrade its aircraft fleet , step up safety standards and radically cut the number of airlines . 4 die in Bahamas plane crash Plane crashes in Bolivia , killing 8 Southwest Airlines pilot tells passengers "  We 're going down "	NEW : NTSB , Boeing to aid Russian investigation The Tatarstan Airlines jet had 44 passengers and a crew of six aboard The Boeing 737 was flying from Moscow to Kazan when it crashed on landing Security official , regional leader 's son aboard crashed jet
CNN  -- Alberto Contador will ride for a new team when he seeks his fourth Tour de France title next year , after deciding not to renew his contract with Astana . The Spanish cyclist made the announcement on Wednesday , just three days after winning the sport 's premier event for the third time in four years . "  Alberto Contador has rejected the ultimatum of the Astana team , who had asked for a definitive answer to its offer of a contract renewal for the coming seasons , " read a statement from his spokesman , the UK Press Association reported . "  Contador had asked for time to consider his future , given the importance of this decision . Although the positions of both parties were not so far apart , the team wanted to know urgently whether or not the winner of the Triple Crown would lead the team in 2011 , and that 's where the positions began to differ . " The 27-year-old joined Astana -- which is owned by a group of state-run companies from Kazakhstan -- in 2008 . Contador claims third Tour de France title He had won the Tour for the first time with the Discovery Channel team in 2007 , but Astana were not allowed to enter the following year after doping scandals . Contador claimed the title again last year despite an uneasy relationship with Astana teammate Lance Armstrong , the seven-time champion who was making his racing comeback after a short retirement . Armstrong 's team faces hearing over jerseys With Armstrong leaving after the 2009 event to form his own team , RadioShack , Contador was the clear leader of Astana this year despite the successful return by Alexandre Vinokourov , who had quit in 2008 after being banned for blood doping . Contador has yet decide where he will ride next year , his spokesman said . "  After winning the 2010 Tour de France , Alberto Contador wants to have time to calmly explore all possibilities available to him to ride during the coming seasons , but so far none has been excluded , " the statement said .	Three-time Tour de France winner Alberto Contador decides to leave Astana team The Spanish cyclist has been with the Kazakhstani outfit since 2008 The 27-year-old released a statement saying he was not ready to make a decision to stay Contador said he has yet decide where he will ride next year
New Delhi  CNN  -- The lawyer for one of the men accused in the gang rape and murder of a 23-year-old woman wants the trial moved out of New Delhi , where emotions have run high over the case . The defense lawyer will argue before the Indian Supreme Court on Wednesday that transferring legal proceedings outside the Indian capital would ensure a free and fair hearing . His appearance , which was originally scheduled for Tuesday , was pushed back a day . The case has gripped India , prompting protests in the capital and other cites over the treatment of women and criticism of the way sexual assault cases are dealt with . Opinion : India 's rape problem needs a rewiring of society 's attitude The consequences of the case are still unfolding in the Indian news media , with calls for tougher punishment of people convicted of rape . The five adult suspects in the December 16 incident appeared at a closed-door hearing at a fast-track court in New Delhi on Monday . Details about what was said in court can not be reported under a judge 's ruling imposing restrictions on coverage of the case . Police allege the suspects attacked the woman and her male companion on a bus , robbed them and dumped them by the side of the road . The woman , badly injured in the attack , died two weeks later despite being flown to Singapore for treatment . Her companion survived . The five men are charged with murder , rape and kidnapping and could face the death penalty if convicted . A sixth suspect , who is believed to be too young to be tried as an adult , is facing proceedings in a juvenile court . Indian rape debate : Why death penalty is no solution The case is being heard in a "  fast-track " court , which India introduced to try to expedite cases in a justice system bogged down by red tape . It means sessions of the trial , once it begins , should take place nearly every working day until a verdict is reached . The hearing Monday was a procedural step at which the charge sheet detailing prosecutors ' accusations against the suspects was submitted . The trial will begin once the prosecution 's arguments are made in court . Rape case ` an awakening ' for India , victim 's father says The next hearing is scheduled for Thursday , according to defense lawyers . The magistrates ' court that initially heard the case imposed restrictions on what the news media can report about events in court . That practice is common in rape cases in India to protect the victim 's identity , and the magistrate said it was also necessary out of concern for the suspects ' safety amid intense media coverage and widespread anger . India rape victim 's family wants hospital in her village Authorities have not released the name of the dead woman , but Indian protesters have been calling her Damini , which means "  lightning " in Hindi . "  Damini " is also a 1993 Bollywood film whose lead female character fights for a housemaid , a victim of sexual assault . Companion of India rape victim : I begged attackers to stop The government has pledged to strengthen laws against sexual assaults after the outrage over the case . The events have also focused the attention of the Indian news media on attacks against women around the huge country . Newspapers and television stations have been reporting other shocking rape allegations on an almost daily basis . In one of the most recent examples , police in the eastern state of Odisha arrested six men over accusations they gang raped a 25-year-old woman on Sunday as she was on her way home from visiting her brother in a hospital . The six men , including two who worked as custodians at the hospital , are alleged to have taken the woman to an isolated area by a river and sexually assaulted her , said B.K. Aich , a police superintendent in the district of Mayurbhanj . Police are waiting for medical reports on the suspects to determine whether to take the case to court , Aich said . The number of reported rapes in India -- a country where a cultural stigma keeps many victims from reporting the crime -- has increased from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011 , according to official figures . Most women in India have stories of sexual harassment and abuse on public transportation or on the streets , the Indian Council on Global Relations says . Journalist Neiha Sharma in New Delhi contributed to this report .	Police in eastern India report allegations of a new gang rape at the weekend Five men accused of raping and killing a woman in December face trial in New Delhi Defense lawyers say shifting the case outside Delhi would ensure a fair hearing The 23-year-old victim in that case , which transfixed India , died from her injuries
What would spur someone to walk up to a war memorial , fatally shoot a soldier guarding it , then rush into Canada 's Parliament and open fire ? The attacker , identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau , may have taken the answer to his grave when he himself was shot dead before he could seriously hurt anyone inside Parliament . Yet , bit by bit , we 're learning about the 32-year-old Zehaf-Bibeau , a man with a criminal record and , according to a friend , an unstable mind . Investigators are digging to find out more . One thing they already know , though , is that the bloodshed is "  a grim reminder that Canada is not immune to the types of terrorist attacks we have seen elsewhere in the world , " according to Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper . Here 's what we know so far about Michael Zehaf-Bibeau : He 's the son of a Libyan father , Canadian mother He was born October 16 , 1982 , to father Bulgasem Zehaf and mother Susan Bibeau , according to court documents tied to his parents ' 1999 divorce . His father is from Libya , while his mother is Canadian , Royal Canadian Mounted Police Commissioner Bob Paulson said . The Globe and Mail newspaper described the father , Zehaf , as a businessman . Zehaf-Bibeau 's mother is the deputy chairwoman of the immigration division of the Immigration and Refugee Board of Canada , according to her official profile . She 's been with that agency since 1990 , having worked as a refugee protection officer , legal adviser and manager of operational support , among other roles . "  I know that the mother was very caring and a very involved parent . Actually both parents seem to have been , " Janice Parnell , a former neighbor , told CNN partner network CTV . "  The boy seemed to have had a very good upbringing . He had a good home base . He was involved in community things . " He lived in several places in Canada According to Canadian media reports , Zehaf-Bibeau worked as a miner and a laborer at various points in his life . Not only did he change jobs , he changed places . Born in Montreal , Zehaf-Bibeau also lived in Calgary and most recently in Vancouver , according to Paulson . He had a criminal record One way that authorities traced Zehaf-Bibeau 's past was by following his criminal record . Paulson said that Zehaf-Bibeau 's "  record indicated infractions related to drugs , violence and other criminal activities . " Specifically , court documents obtained by CNN partner network CBC reveal Zehaf-Bibeau was charged with drug possession in Quebec in 2004 . He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 60 days in jail . In 2011 , he was charged with robbery and uttering threats in Vancouver , CBC reported . He was found guilty of only the second charge and sentenced to a day in jail . What , if anything , does this criminal record have to do with what happened Wednesday ? The RCMP commissioner said that Zehaf-Bibeau "  had a very developed ... non-national security criminality of violence and of drugs and of mental instability . " Investigators are trying to determine what role that criminal past , if any , played in Zehaf-Bibeau 's radicalization and decision to attack Wednesday , Paulson said . Sergeant-at-arms hailed as ` hero ' Prime Minister : ` Terrorist ' killed soldier ` in cold blood ' He asked to go to jail to overcome crack addiction In December 2011 , as part of a psychiatric evaluation prior to a trial in Vancouver , Zehaf-Bibeau said "  he wants to be in jail as he believes this is the only way he can overcome his addiction to crack cocaine , " according to a psychiatric assessment provided by a Canadian court . The 2011 assessment continues , "  He has been a devoted Muslim for seven years and he believes he must spend time in jail as a sacrifice to pay for his mistakes in the past . " The psychiatric expert who completed the assessment wrote , "  I am unable to find any features of signs of a mental illness . " "  Although he seems to be making an unusual choice , this is insufficient basis for a diagnosis of mental disorder , " the expert said . A convert to Islam , he had ` radical views ' As mentioned , Zehaf-Bibeau converted to Islam about a decade ago . At some point after that , he became radicalized -- though officially have n't specified when or who he rubbed elbows with . Paulson , the RCMP commissioner , spoke Thursday about Zehaf-Bibeau 's radicalization as well as his "  association with some individuals who may have shared his radical views . " Asked later what he meant by "  association , " the national police commissioner said Zehaf-Bibeau 's "  email was found in the hard drive of somebody who was charged with a terrorist-related offense . "  What does that mean ? " the commissioner asked . "  We need to understand what that means . " Some found his behavior troubling Zehaf-Bibeau was asked to stop attending prayers at the mosque he attended because elders found his behavior "  erratic , " a friend told the Globe and Mail . The friend , Dave Bathurst , said Zehaf-Bibeau once told him the "  devil is after him , " and frequently talked about supernatural spirits . "  I think he must have been mentally ill , " Bathurst told the paper . He wanted to go to Syria , could n't get passport Zehaf-Bibeau spoke of wanting to go to the Middle East to study . Bathurst , the friend , told the Globe and Mail that he "  urged his friend to make sure study was on his mind and not something else . " More specifically , his mother told authorities Wednesday that her son "  wanted to travel to Syria , " according to Paulson . He applied for a passport , which was "  subject to an investigation , " at the time of the Ottawa attack , the commissioner said . "  I think the passport figured prominently in his motives and -- I 'm not inside his head -- but I think it was central to what was driving him , " Paulson said . He visited the U.S. at least four times U.S. law enforcement officials are tracing back Michael Zehaf-Bibeau 's travel to the United States and interviewing people with whom he came into contact , according to a U.S. official with knowledge of the investigation . He visited at least four times , most recently in 2013 , the official said . There 's no reason to believe he 's connected to any extremists in the United States , the official said . He had ` connections ' to jihadists , was n't necessarily part of a big network Zehaf-Bibeau had "  connections " to jihadists in Canada who shared a radical Islamist ideology , including at least one who went overseas to fight in Syria , multiple U.S. sources told CNN on Thursday . According to two U.S. counterterrorism officials , Zehaf-Bibeau was connected to Hasibullah Yusufzai through social media . Yusufzai is wanted by Canadian authorities for traveling overseas to fight alongside Islamist fighters in Syria , The Globe and Mail , a Canadian newspaper , reported . Other radicalized individuals connected to Zehaf-Bibeau are still believed to be in Canada , two U.S. law enforcement officials said . Early indications are that his connections involved "  interactions " online , including via Islamic extremist websites , a U.S. source told CNN . There is no evidence so far that Zehaf-Bibeau had any "  operational links " to other jihadists , according to the source , who drew a distinction between interacting online and plotting an attack . And when asked Thursday by CNN 's Christiane Amanpour if Zehaf-Bibeau is linked to a wider network of jihadists , Canadian Foreign Minister John Baird said "  there 's no evidence , at this stage , for us to know that . ... That 's something authorities are looking at right now . " He was not on a Canadian list of possible extremists Whatever his associations , Zehaf-Bibeau was n't high on Canadian authorities radar when it comes to potential terrorist attacks . He was not among about 90 individuals that Canadian authorities are examining for possible Islamic extremist ties . "  Had we have known that he wanted to travel to Syria , and had we had some basis to suspect that he wanted to do that for a criminal purpose , then he certainly would have been " on that list , Paulson said . The commissioner also noted , "  There is no one path or formula to ... radicalization . And understanding each individual 's path to that state is the challenge . " He recently came to Ottawa , was staying at shelter Paulson said Zehaf-Bibeau had been in the Canadian capital since at least October 2 . During those few weeks , he stayed at the Ottawa Mission shelter , according to residents there . One resident , who asked to be identified only as Brian , recalled running into Zehaf-Bibeau -- who was then chanting and praying -- on the shelter 's stairs the night before the attack . "  I just walked by and I started singing  a Christian song  , " Brian said . "  And it did n't affect him at all . He just kept going . " Perhaps related to his short time there , Zehaf-Bibeau did n't frequent mosques in Ottawa , according to Aymler mosque imam Mohammed Lahlou "  We have no clue about that person , " Lahlou said . "  And that kind of person should not have any place in our community . " He is believed to have acted alone All day Wednesday , Canadian officials vacillated back and forth on whether Zehaf-Bibeau acted alone . By Wednesday night , they settled on the answer : yes . "  It appears there was just one shooter and that shooter is dead , " Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . He 's not connected to a similar incident this week On Monday , a man who Canadian authorities said was "  radicalized " killed a Canadian soldier with his car in Quebec . That man , Martin Rouleau Couture , was then shot and killed . Paulson said Thursday that investigators have not found any link between Couture and Zehaf-Bibeau . Prime Minister : ` Terrorist ' killed soldier ` in cold blood '	U.S. source : Zehaf-Bibeau has "  connections " online with jihadists He had been staying at a shelter in Ottawa since early October His mother told police that Zehaf-Bibeau wanted to go to Syria , official says Authorities say he killed a Canadian soldier , attacked parliament before his death
New York  CNN  -- Jason Brezler is an elite New York firefighter . He is also a highly decorated officer in the U.S. Marine Corps Forces Reserve , who has served four tours in Iraq and Afghanistan . So why is Maj. Brezler facing possible discharge on less than honorable terms after serving 13 years with the Marines ? He is accused of mishandling classified information and faces an investigation that could determine his future . "  For a man like Jason Brezler , being asked to separate from the Marine Corps that he loved so much would be an even worse punishment than jail , " said Kevin Carroll , Brezler 's attorney , a former CIA officer who is providing Brezler pro bono representation along with his law firm Quinn , Emanuel , Urquhart & Sullivan . In an e-mail to CNN , Marine Col. Francis Piccoli wrote that because of "  the mishandling of classified information , Maj. Brezler has been ordered to show cause of retention in the U.S. Marine Corps before a Board of Inquiry . " That board will consist of three officers : one colonel and two lieutenant colonels . Brezler , a tall man with a strong New York accent and a blond buzz-cut , is legally barred from speaking about his case . But influential supporters are leaping to the 32-year-old veteran 's defense . A congressman , a senator and two Marine Corps generals have written letters on Brezler 's behalf . None of his defenders dispute the fact that Brezler broke security protocol when he sent classified information over an insecure line in summer 2012 . In fact , his attorney said Brezler quickly reported the mistake to his superiors . His defenders argue the urgency of the situation warranted the security breach . "  Maj. Brezler was in a position where lives were in danger and time was of the essence , and in the end his assessment of the threat proved accurate , " wrote New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand in a letter to the Marines . During summer 2012 , Brezler was attending graduate courses in Oklahoma when he received an e-mail from Marine officers in Afghanistan 's Helmand province , a deeply troubled area where Brezler had been deployed in 2009-2010 . "  The subject line of the e-mail he received said in all capital letters with three exclamation marks ` IMPORTANT : SARWAR JAN IS BACK , ' " said Carroll . Brezler had history with Jan , an Afghan police commander who had been active in Helmand province . "  When Jason was serving in Afghanistan in 2010 , he caused Sarwar Jan , a police official , to be fired from that position because he was raping children , " Carroll said . Despite repeated efforts by CNN 's bureau in Kabul , Jan could not be found to comment for this report . Carroll said "  within minutes " Brezler wrote his colleagues back at Forward Operating Base Delhi in Afghanistan , with a warning about Jan. . He attached to the e-mail a classified document that included allegations about Jan , claiming he had ties to the Taliban . "  Jason immediately responded with everything he knew , including some extraordinarily derogatory information he knew about this man indicating that he was a threat not only to local children but to Marines , " Carroll said . "  When the Marines in Afghanistan wrote back saying that some of that information might have been classified ,  Brezler  immediately turned himself in . " In retrospect , some observers believe this was a breach of security that could have saved lives . On August 10 , 2012 , less than two weeks after Brezler 's warning , three Marines were shot to death in the gym at FOB Delhi . Their names were Staff Sgt. Scott Dickinson , Cpl. Richard Rivera and Lance Cpl. Gregory Buckley . The suspected gunman was a teenage servant , known by the single Afghan name Aynoddin , who was working on the base for Jan. . Despite his earlier dismissal , Jan had been appointed to command the Afghan police in another district of Helmand Province , where FOB Delhi was located . More than a year later , Buckley 's home in Oceanside , New York , is decorated with American flags and photos in honor of the slain 21-year old . Asked what would have happened if commanders at FOB Delhi heeded Brezler 's warning , Greg Buckley Sr. paused , his eyes filling with tears . "  I would have my son , " he said . "  I would have my boy with me today . " Before the shooting , Buckley Sr. said that his son had warned him over the phone about the Afghan police commander named Jan. . "  He told me that  Jan  was a bad person , " the elder Buckley said . "  They all knew that he was a bad guy . He was thrown out of two other bases prior to this for drug laundering , prostitution and ties to the Taliban , " he said . In the aftermath of the shooting , Jan was detained by Afghan security forces , according to an August 2012 report in The Washington Post . Despite repeated requests for information , Afghan officials both in the Helmand provincial government and in the Interior Ministry of the national government in Kabul told CNN they had no information about either Jan or Aynoddin 's current whereabouts . Meanwhile , more than 14 months after the deadly shooting , American investigators have yet to publish the results of their inquiry . "  The case is still open , pending prosecution by the Afghanis , " wrote Ed Buice , a spokesman for Naval Criminal Investigative Service , in an e-mail to CNN . Military experts and government officials are questioning why it has taken so long to release a report . "  Generally , investigations are conducted a lot more quickly , " said Rep. Peter King , a Republican from New York . Last month , King sent a letter to the Department of Defense asking investigators to answer several questions , including : -- Did Sarwar Jan commit sex crimes against juveniles while on U.S. Defense Department facilities ? -- Did Jan use U.S. government funds to procure his victims ? -- Why was Jan reportedly dismissed as district police chief ? Why was he reappointed ? Instead of getting answers , King said he saw action being taken against Brezler . "  The only person who 's being penalized , or potentially punished , is the person who tried to warn the Marines , " the congressman said . "  I can not possibly understand it . " Brezler 's case has been taken up by the Marine Corps Times , the newspaper that first broke the story of the major 's legal troubles . "  Brezler 's treatment sends the messages that in the Marine Corps there 's no room for honest mistakes , " the Times wrote in a recent editorial . "  He 's the sort of officer the Corps needs more of , " it read . Buckley Sr , father of the slain Marine , agrees : "  They should be giving him a medal , not prosecuting him . " The Marine Corps declined to comment further on Brezler 's case . Piccoli said the silence was vital to avoid influencing the officers the major is expected to face at his board of inquiry next month . The hearing , which could take a few hours or a few days depending on the number of witnesses called , will end with an immediate recommendation by the board . Depending on the evidence presented , there are several options open to the board . The three officers could recommend either an honorable discharge or a less-than-honorable discharge . The latter could result in a loss of veteran 's benefits , including free health care . The Secretary of the Navy would need to give a final stamp of approval on that decision . If the board recommends no action against Brezler , the decision is final .	Jason Brezler faces possible discharge on less than honorable terms He served for 13 years , including four tours in Iraq and Afghanistan Brezler is accused of mishandling classified information Influential supporters are leaping to the 32-year old veteran 's defense
CNN  -- U.S. and allied warplanes hit sites near the northern Syrian city of Ayn al-Arab , the scene of fighting between ISIS and Kurdish forces in recent days , U.S. Central Command confirmed Saturday . A video released by the U.S. military shows a missile hitting a building . U.S. Central Command said it was taken from an F-15E fighter jet that struck an ISIS compound near Kobani , the Kurdish name for Ayn al-Arab . In other airstrikes near Ayn al-Arab , coalition forces hit two armed vehicles at a border crossing with Turkey , the military said . Syrian Kurdish fighters in Alishar , a village a few kilometers from Ayn al-Arab , said the airstrike hit an unofficial border crossing near the village . The strikes are believed to be the first known coalition attacks near the border with Turkey . That country is not participating in the airstrikes and has repeatedly pressed for an international buffer zone separating the combat in Syria from the Turkish border . A London-based monitoring group also claimed Saturday that other airstrikes may have also resulted in the deaths of six civilians near the Syrian city of al-Hasakah . CNN could not independently confirm the report from the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . U.S. Central Command did say Saturday that airstrikes hit an ISIS vehicle and several buildings that were part of an ISIS garrison near al-Hasakah . A purported video statement posted online Saturday by Al-Nusra Front , the al Qaeda franchise in Syria , condemns the U.S.-led coalition airstrikes . A man identified as Abu Firas al-Souri , spokesman for the group , denounced the participation of Muslim countries in the coalition . In addition to U.S. Air Force and Navy aircraft , warplanes from Saudi Arabia , Jordan and the UAE participated in strikes in Syria , which also targeted ISIS forces in several other locations , Central Command said . A Kurdish fighter in the region and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights had earlier reported airstrikes in the vicinity of the village of Alishar , west of Ayn al-Arab . Coalition airstrikes also destroyed ISIS vehicles and a fighting position near Erbil , Iraq , Central Command said . Kurdish forces have been battling ISIS for days to prevent the fall of Ayn al-Arab . It is the last Kurdish-held city in that region of northwest Syria following a swift ISIS assault that sent some 200,000 people running for their lives to Turkey . Opinion : Airstrikes will not beat ISIS At least four mortar rounds believed fired by ISIS forces have landed in Kobani , according to to Alan Minbic , a Syrian Kurdish soldier who was fighting in an area between Ayn al-Arab and Aidek . A CNN crew witnessed the Kurdish fighters using artillery and heavy machine-gun fire to drive the ISIS fighters back from the ridge line they were occupying . The anatomy of ISIS : How it is run , from oil to beheadings The developments come as the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS continues to grow . On Saturday , U.K. defense officials announced British fighter jets began flying reconnaissance flights over Iraq less than 24 hours after Parliament voted to approve the country 's involvement . Denmark and Belgium also signed up on Friday , adding to a list of more than 50 European , Asian and Arab countries that have joined the fight , according to U.S. officials . Anti-ISIS coalition grows , but that does n't mean victory is near U.S. forces continue to hunt targets in Iraq and Syria , with aircraft taking off from the USS George H.W. Bush as often as every 55 seconds , according to CNN 's Becky Anderson , who is aboard the aircraft carrier in the Persian Gulf . The United States launched airstrikes against ISIS in August in an effort to stem the group 's breathtaking advance across Iraq . The group , which calls itself the Islamic State , routed Iraqi forces and took over vast swaths of the country . Some analysts warned Baghdad was at risk of falling to the well-armed , organized and funded extremist group without Western involvement . While the most dramatic advances have been halted , Western leaders have warned of a long fight against ISIS , saying it could take years before the group is fully dislodged . Everything you need to know about the rise of the ` Islamic State ' CNN 's Arwa Damon , Ingrid Formakek and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. military releases video of airstrike in Syria , says it hit an ISIS compound Airstrikes hit near Ayn al-Arab , the site of fighting between ISIS and Syrian Kurdish forces London-based monitoring group says other airstrikes kill six civilians near al-Hasakah Al-Qaeda group in Syria denounces Muslim countries participating in airstrikes
CNN  -- Casey Anthony 's white Pontiac Sunbird is a crushed slab in a Florida junkyard , nearly seven weeks after she was acquitted of murder in her 2-year-old daughter 's death , according a person in a law office close to the case . An assistant in the office of Mark Lippman -- who represents George and Cindy Anthony , who owned the car before giving it to their daughter , Casey -- said Friday that the car was destroyed a day earlier . The assistant declined to be named . That the vehicle had been crushed was first reported and documented by Florida TV station WOFL . The car , and the odor emanating from its trunk , had been central to the prosecution 's case in Anthony 's murder trial . On June 27 , 2008 , she abandoned the Pontiac at an Orlando business , saying it had run out of gas , according to testimony . It later was towed to a wrecker yard , where it remained until July 15 of that year , when George and Cindy Anthony got a letter from the yard and went to pick up the car . Several witnesses , including a tow yard employee and George Anthony , said there was a vile smell coming from car 's trunk . The prosecution alleged -- and expert witnesses testified -- that the odor was that of human decomposition . They claimed Casey Anthony duct-taped her daughter 's mouth and nose to suffocate her , and then put the body in the Pontiac 's trunk before disposing of it . But the defense rebutted these claims , with attorney Jose Baez blasting what he called "  the state 's fantasy of forensics " in his closing argument . Defense attorneys maintained the child , Caylee , drowned in the Anthony 's above-ground pool on June 16 , and that Casey Anthony and her father , George Anthony , panicked upon finding her there and covered up the death . George Anthony denied that in his testimony . Baez claimed a "  phantom stain " in the trunk should have included more in the way of DNA evidence . He said the state used "  junk science " relating to the odor and stain in the Pontiac 's trunk to reach its conclusions . After Anthony was cleared on the murder charge -- and convicted on four lesser counts of misleading law enforcement -- alternate juror Russell Huekler told HLN that he had a difficult time accepting that Caylee 's body had been in the car trunk . In Session 's Nancy Leung contributed to this report .	Anthony 's Pontiac Sunbird has been crushed , an assistant in an attorney 's office says The car , and an odor coming from its trunk , had been key to the case in Anthony 's trial A defense attorney criticized "  the state 's fantasy of forensics " in closing arguments Anthony was acquitted July 5 of murder and convicted on four lesser charges
New York  CNN  -- The federal trial of Abu Hamza al-Masri , a radical Islamic cleric accused of conspiring to kidnap Americans in Yemen and planning to establish a jihad training camp in rural Oregon , began in New York with opening statements on Thursday . The prosecution described al-Masri as a terrorist trainer who hid behind religion . The defense portrayed him as a man who expressed strong opinions but did not participate in criminal acts . The terror trial opened less than a month after Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law , Sulaiman Abu Ghaith , was found guilty in the same federal courthouse of helping al Qaeda terrorists conspire to kill Americans and providing material support to terrorists . Federal prosecutors said Ghaith , a Kuwaiti cleric , played a crucial role as the organization 's principal mouthpiece and recruiter , helping "  restore al Qaeda 's trove of new terrorists " as deadly missions turned its members into martyrs . Al-Masri , who once called the late al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden a "  hero , " pleaded not guilty to 11 counts of terrorism in 2012 . The fiery , one-eyed cleric stands trial in an American courtroom years after losing a lengthy legal battle to avoid extradition to the United States from Britain . The charges against al-Masri include conspiracy in connection with the 1998 kidnapping of 16 Westerners in Yemen , and conspiring with others to establish an Islamic jihad training camp in rural Oregon in 1999 . If convicted , he could be sentenced to life in prison . Prosecutor Edward Kim told the jury that the defendant 's "  cause was war , and it was all consuming . " "  He was a trainer , a terrorist , and he used the cover of religion so he could hide in plain sight in London , " Kim said . Weapons and gas masks were found at al-Masri 's London mosque , the prosecutor said : "  Tools of war stockpiled in a place of worship . " In Yemen , al-Masri allegedly gave the kidnappers satellite phones as well as instructions , Kim told the jury . A year later , the defendant allegedly sent two men to Oregon to establish a training camp , providing them with money and instructions on throat-slitting , shooting and building silencers , Kim said . From London , one witness is expected to testify that he took an al Qaeda fighter to Afghanistan at the direction of al-Masri . Defense lawyer Joshua Dratel , however , told the jury there was no evidence linking the cleric to the alleged crimes -- "  not in Yemen , not in Oregon , not in Afghanistan . " Dratel said his client "  never gave directions or orders to people " and served merely as a "  commenter on events and issues . " "  These are ideas , not acts , " he said . "  These are expressions , not crimes . " The weapons seized in the London mosque were found in a large building and never connected to the cleric , Dratel said . In the Yemen kidnappings , al-Masri was an intermediary trying to resolve the situation , the lawyer said . Al-Masri wanted deliver his own opening statement , but District Judge Katherine Forrest rejected the request . The prosecution 's first witness was Angelica Morris , whose husband was an imam at a Seattle mosque where , she said , al-Masri was the "  dominant ideological influence . " She testified that in 1999 , the couple visited a sprawling ranch in Oregon where mosque members practiced using assault rifles , shotguns and handguns . There also were throat-slitting demonstrations , she said . Defense lawyer Jeremy Schneider sought to discredit the witness , suggesting that she had received money from investigators . Al-Masri was one of the highest-profile radical Islamic figures in Britain , where he was already sentenced to seven years for inciting racial hatred at his north London mosque and other terrorism-related charges . Born in Egypt in 1958 , he traveled to Britain to study before gaining citizenship through marriage in the 1980s . A one-time nightclub bouncer in London 's Soho district , al-Masri -- also known as Mustafa Kamal Mustafa -- has said he lost both hands and one eye while fighting against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan . He often wears a hook in place of his missing hand . In 1997 , al-Masri became the imam of a north London mosque , where his hate-filled speeches attacking the West began to attract national attention and followers . One of those followers was Richard Reid , the "  shoe bomber " who attempted to blow up a Miami-bound passenger airplane three months after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in New York and Washington . Al-Masri has called the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center "  a towering day in history " and described bin Laden as "  a good guy and a hero . " He also described the Columbia space shuttle disaster in 2003 as "  punishment from Allah " because the astronauts were Christian , Hindu and Jewish .	Abu Hamza al-Masri stands trial on numerous terrorism-related charges Al-Masri was one of the highest-profile radical Islamic figures in Britain He is accused of conspiring to kidnap Americans in Yemen , open terror camp in Oregon
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  A suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern Afghanistan on Thursday , killing 17 people and wounding dozens more , police said . An Afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of Khost was among the 64 people wounded , said Faizullah Ghairat , the provincial police chief . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack . No other organization has so far claimed responsibility . Humayoon Humayoon , an Afghan member of parliament for Khost province , and the other protesters were on their way to join a larger rally against the provincial governor , according to Zahir Jan , an eyewitness . The suicide attack hit the group around 10 a.m. local time , police said . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai reported from Kabul , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	An Afghan lawmaker is among 64 people wounded in the attack , police say Taliban spokesman denies his group was responsible for the attack
