CNN  -- John Walker Lindh , who is serving a 20-year sentence for aiding the Taliban , testified in federal court Monday in Indianapolis in an attempt to overturn a prison ban that he says severely restricts Muslim prayer . Lindh spent more than two hours on the witness stand in a lawsuit he filed against the warden and the federal prison in Terre Haute , Indiana , alleging the warden 's ban on daily group prayer violates the Religious Freedom Restoration Act . "  He addressed his personal need to pray , to pray in congregation and how he was able to do it previously on the unit before it was stopped , " Lindh lawyer Kenneth Falk said . "  Being forced to pray in his cell is not a satisfactory alternative . " The warden , according to court documents , has argued that the ban implemented after 2007 is necessary because of security concerns . The plaintiffs concluded their case Monday afternoon , but the government is expected to take at least another day to present its case . Falk said . Lindh , 31 , is serving his sentence in Terre Haute 's Communications Management Unit , which opened in 2006 . The unit severely restricts the contact of prisoners with the outside and monitors conversations between the inmates . From the archives : Walker Lindh sentenced to 20 years The unit has 55 cells , and the majority of the prisoners are Muslim , according to court documents . Also housed with Lindh , according to published reports , are members of the "  Lackawanna Six , " a group of Yemeni-American friends who were convicted of providing material support to al Qaeda ; Ali Asad Chandia , convicted of providing aid to a Pakistani terror organization ; and Enaam Arnaout , who pleaded guilty to using donations to his charitable foundation to support fighters in Bosnia . At least five inmates , including Arnaout and Chandia , gave depositions in support of the lawsuit . Islam requires followers to answer a call to pray five times day . Depending on the religious teaching , the call could be required to be a group prayer . Part of Lindh 's complaint alleges that before 2007 , Muslim prisoners were allowed to pray together in the unit for at least three of Islam 's five daily prayers . Since then , other than during the holy month of Ramadan , the prisoners are allowed to gather only once a week , according to court documents . The court filings also gave a glimpse inside the prison unit , describing it as "  an open unit , meaning that they have freedom to move around various places in the unit during the times they are not restricted in their cells . " Spate of attacks near Ramadan trouble U.S. Muslims There is an area with a computer where they can send e-mail , a food services area with tables and a microwave , a lounge area with multiple televisions , a room with exercise equipment and a room with a washer and dryer , the records said . The warden , who was not identified by name in the records , implemented the ban after the Muslim prisoners , who were engaged in prayer , did not acknowledge a unit lockdown prompted by a fire alarm . The prisoners said they did not hear the lockdown because of a noisy fan . Lindh , who was born in California , converted to Islam as a teenager . He traveled to Afghanistan in 2001 and attended a terror training camp where he was introduced to Osama bin Laden . Lindh was captured by the Afghan Northern Alliance on November 25 , 2001 , and imprisoned in a compound in Mazar-e-Sharif , where he was questioned by CIA agent Johnny Michael Spann , who was killed in an uprising at the compound a short time later . As part of a deal , Lindh pleaded guilty to supplying services to the Taliban and carrying an explosive during the commission of a felony . His family filed a petition for clemency to commute the 20-year sentence , a request that was denied by President George W. Bush in one of his final acts in office .	NEW : John Walker Lindh , the so-called American Taliban , testifies Monday NEW : "  Being forced to pray in his cell is not a satisfactory alternative , " Lindh 's lawyer says He is serving a 20-year sentence for aiding the Taliban Lindh is housed in a special unit in a federal prison in Indiana
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Marty Gardner faced strict standards when she started training to be what was then known as a stewardess in 1954 for Delta Air Lines : Being young and single were conditions for employment , and weight , girdles , hats and gloves were monitored closely . Her flying career ended after five years . Marty Gardner wore her 1955 uniform to the Delta Clipped Wings anniversary celebration in Atlanta . "  You had to quit when you got married . That was the rule , " said Gardner , 73 , a member of Delta Clipped Wings , an organization of retired and longtime flight attendants . Still , Gardner and other members of the group that gathered this week on Delta 's Atlanta , Georgia , campus to celebrate the Clipped Wings ' 50th anniversary said they loved their jobs . "  It was a lot of fun . We got to know the passengers , " Gardner said . "  A lot of times we had the same passengers back and forth . " Marriage restrictions for flight attendants were relaxed after the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ; men joined the ranks in the 1970s ; and by 1994 , Delta 's female flight attendants were allowed to fly up to 26 weeks into pregnancy . As the profession and the industry have changed and grown , a sense of adventure seems to be a common thread for the Clipped Wings . Ann Chapman , 62 , was a teacher before starting a 32-year career as a flight attendant in 1969 . "  I was teaching seventh - and eighth-grade history and geography , and I had never been anywhere , " Chapman said . "  And 32 years later I still have n't been everywhere I want to go . " Audio slide show : Hear more about flight attendants ' professional experiences " E-mail to a friend	Delta flight attendants describe how their jobs changed over the years For more than two decades , flight attendants could not be married Delta allowed men to become flight attendants in 1973
CNN  -- Events are scheduled around the United States to commemorate civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. as the nation marks the 25th anniversary of a holiday in his honor . President Obama and first lady Michelle Obama planned to mark the day by participating in a service project in Washington . "  Martin Luther King , Jr. lived his life for others , dedicating his work to ensuring equal opportunity , freedom , and justice for all , " Obama said in a statement . "  I encourage every American to observe this holiday in honor of Dr. King 's selfless legacy by volunteering in their own communities and by dedicating time each day to bettering the lives of those around us . " A federal holiday to honor King , who was assassinated in 1968 , was first observed in 1986 . In 1994 , Congress also designated it a national day of service . A video posted on mlkday.gov , the U.S. government website dedicated to the day , quotes King : "  He who is greatest among you shall be a servant . That 's the new definition of greatness . ... By giving that definition of greatness , it means that everybody can be great , because everybody can serve . " The site calls on Americans to honor King by "  pledging to take at least 25 actions during 2011 to make a difference for others and strengthen our communities . " Vice President Joe Biden and numerous Cabinet secretaries and administration officials are also scheduled to participate in service events , the White House said . King 's son , Martin Luther King III , is scheduled to deliver the keynote address at a memorial service at Atlanta 's Ebenezer Baptist Church . The Rev. Al Sharpton 's National Action Network said it planned to mark the day with a breakfast in Washington and a public policy forum in New York . In a statement Sunday , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar noted that a memorial in King 's honor is under construction on the National Mall in Washington . "  When completed later this year , the memorial will serve to remind us of Dr. King 's hope , sense of justice , and quest for equality , " he said . A march "  for jobs and justice " was scheduled to begin at that monument site Monday and end at the Lincoln Memorial , where King delivered his famous "  I Have a Dream " speech .	The federal holiday was first observed in 1986 Congress designated a national day of service in 1994 Obama and numerous Cabinet secretaries plan to participate Other events are scheduled throughout the nation
Washington  CNN  -- The Justice Department and Portland , Oregon , have reached an agreement for the reform and monitoring of the city 's police department after an investigation determined that police often used excessive force , including Tasers , on the mentally ill in situations involving low-level offenses . The Justice Department said Monday the two sides filed a proposed agreement in federal court that would be court supervised if approved . The plan calls for changes in the Portland Police Bureau 's training , policies and supervision . The agreement also provides for an independent compliance officer and community liaison who would examine data about the department 's use of force and report to the Justice Department , the city council and the public . The public also would be able to give feedback on whether the police are meeting the provisions of the agreement . The proposed agreement was filed on the same day the Justice Department filed a civil suit under the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 , charging there were violations of the Constitution 's Fourth Amendment , which guards against unreasonable searches and seizures . According to the suit , the Portland Police Bureau "  engages in a pattern or practice of using excessive force on individuals with actual or perceived mental illness in violation of the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution and other laws of the United States . " If the agreement on court-monitored reforms is approved , the Justice Department and the city of Portland would ask that the suit be dismissed . According to court documents , Portland police authorities disagreed with the findings of excessive force but were willing to enter into the agreement with the Justice Department "  out of a mutual desire to protect the constitutional rights of all members of the Portland community , to continuously improve the safety and security of the people of Portland , to keep  Portland Police Bureau  employees safe , and to increase public confidence in PPB , all in a cost-effective , timely , and collaborative manner . " The Justice Department began its investigation into whether Portland 's police engaged in a pattern of using excessive force in June 2011 . "  I am confident that the reforms mandated by this agreement will result in a Portland Police Bureau that provides police services in a constitutional manner and that better protects the community , " said Thomas Perez , assistant attorney general for the Civil Rights Division .	Justice Department , Portland police agree on reform , monitoring Police Department had been accused of using excessive force on mentally ill people Independent officer would take public feedback , measure compliance
CNN  -- A California company is voluntarily recalling 60 packages of walnuts sold only in southern California because they may be contaminated with salmonella . The product being recalled is : El Guapo Nuez Entera / Shelled Walnuts sold in 1-ounce packages , UPC 4498933144 , date code 5527 . The code date is embossed on the front of the package under the El Guapo banner . The company , Mojave Food Corporation , said it is recalling the product because they were informed by the walnut supplier of the salmonella concern . No illnesses have been reported . Consumers are asked to destroy the product , and contact the Mojave customer service number at 1-800-995-8906 , ext. 114 , for a replacement or reimbursement . Salmonella infections are caused by bacteria and if necessary can be treated with antibiotics , although some strains have become resistant to these drugs , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention website . Most people infected will develop diarrhea , fever and abdominal cramps within a few days of infection , and their illness can last up to a week . Most recover without any treatment , but some may suffer dehydration and in severe cases require hospitalization . The youngest and oldest patients and chronically ill people with compromised immune systems are at highest risk for severe complications , according to the National Institutes of Health .	The walnut was sold in stores only in Southern California They have been recalled because they may be contaminated with salmonella Consumers are asked to destroy the product
CNN  -- At least 10 people were killed when a bomb exploded Friday evening inside a popular restaurant in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul , a provincial police commander said . The bomb was hidden inside the Abu-Yahya restaurant in central Mosul when went it off around 8:30 p.m. , said Khalid al-Midani , the commander of Nineveh provincial police . In addition to those killed , 58 were wounded . Most of the casualties were civilians . Located about 400 kilometers  250 miles  north of Baghdad , Mosul is the capital of the predominantly Sunni province of Nineveh . At least another 11 people were killed and 21 wounded in violence elsewhere around Iraq , according to officials .	In addition to those killed , 58 were wounded , police say The bomb went off inside a popular restaurant in central Mosul Officials : At least 11 people were killed elsewhere in Iraq
On June 3 - 5 , the UK 's Queen Elizabeth II marks her Diamond Jubilee year with a series of parties and pageants . CNN 's Piers Morgan and Brooke Baldwin will be there to follow the festivities . Join them at the following times : June 5 : 0900  ET  , 1400  CET  . London  CNN  -- When Queen Elizabeth II took to the Thames to mark her diamond jubilee alongside tens of thousands of well-wishers , it was n't the first time the royals have made merry by messing about on the river . For centuries , Britain 's monarchs have celebrated their biggest occasions on the water , creating scenes that have inspired generations of artists , musicians and writers . Constitutional historian David Starkey says the Thames has long been "  Britain 's royal river and London 's ` grandest street , ' " playing host to a string of colorful regal festivities . "  The grandest royal river pageants have always been used to celebrate the coronation and inauguration , " said Starkey , guest curator of the "  Royal River " exhibition at the National Maritime Museum in Greenwich . Handel 's famed "  Water Music " and his "  Music for the Royal Fireworks " were both written for regal Thameside festivities in the 18th century . And diarists Samuel Pepys and John Evelyn wrote of the spectacle they witnessed when King Charles II took part in a pageant in 1660 , a year after the restoration of the monarchy . Pepys described the scene as the king and queen journeyed downriver from Hampton Court to Whitehall "  under a canopy with 10,000 barges and boats , I think , for we could see no water for them . " For Evelyn , the event was "  the most magnificent triumph that ever floated on the Thames . " He wrote admiringly of "  the innumerable boates and vessells dress 'd and adorn 'd with all imaginable pomp ... the thrones , arches ... stately barges ... musiq and peals of ordnance both from ye vessels and the shore . " Now things have come full circle : The Diamond Jubilee pageant was partially inspired by the work "  The Thames on Lord Mayor 's Day " by 18th-century artist Canaletto . Italian artist Giovanni Antonio Canal  1697-1768  -- better known as Canaletto -- painted the piece  seen above  while living in London in the 1740s and 1750s . Canaletto was most famous for his depictions of the lavish celebrations along the canals of his native Venice , and found a similarly festive subject during his stay in Britain . Today , the painting is part of the Lobkowicz Collection in Prague . Currently on loan to the "  Royal River " exhibition to mark the jubilee , it has an intriguing history . In the gallery 's audio guide , chief curator John Somerville explains how the work was purchased from the artist by Ferdinand Philip , the sixth Prince Lobkowicz of Bohemia , while he was in London buying horses -- and carrying on a scandalous affair with the wife of the Venetian ambassador . It was displayed in the family 's homes for generations , until it was stolen by the Nazis during World War II . Hidden for years in an Austrian salt mine , it was finally returned to Prague at the end of the war , only to be confiscated again by the Communists in 1948 . Following the fall of the Iron Curtain in 1989 , the Lobkowicz family , who had long since fled to the United States , set about reclaiming the collection . Somerville says the painting shows a time when "  the Thames was the main highway , the lifeblood of the city , filled with craft of every size , making their way up and down and across the river . " And it is exactly this that the organizers of the 2012 event hoped to emulate , with "  a piece of theater on the water " -- complete with music , fireworks and special effects -- not to mention 20,000 people on a 7-mile-long flotilla made up of 1,000 boats . "  What more appropriate way of celebrating the Diamond Jubilee of the queen , who will herself , at the climax of the celebrations , lead another grand royal river pageant ? " Starkey asked .	Seven-mile-long flotilla of 1,000 boats traveled along Thames to mark queen 's jubilee Event followed the pattern of "  theatrical " pageants of past centuries Canaletto painting provided inspiration for the celebration along "  Britain 's royal river "
CNN  -- Child protective investigators in Florida had "  prior involvement " with the family of the two children found dead in a canal this month , an official said Tuesday . But the department had not had an open investigation involving the children since 2005 , said Elisa Cramer , director of communications for the Florida Department of Children and Families . The bodies of two children -- a brother and sister , ages 10 and 6 -- were found in a south Florida canal last week . They had been stuffed in luggage . The girl 's body was found first , after a passer-by alerted police to a duffel bag floating about midway across the canal ; the boy 's body turned up in a suitcase closer in as investigators combed the banks for evidence , according to police . Police have said that their only suspect in the children 's deaths has been taken into custody by federal law enforcement officers on unrelated charges . Clem Beauchamp , the ex-boyfriend of the children 's mother , was arrested on a federal firearms charge dating to 2009 , according to CNN affiliate WPBF . He has not been charged in connection with the deaths of the children , identified as Jermaine McNeil and Ju'Tyra Allen . The body of a woman who officials believe was the children 's mother , Felicia Brown , was found in a landfill in August , police said Friday . She was never reported missing , and the body had not been identified , but authorities made the connection after they began looking for the mother in the wake of the children 's bodies being found . Three children who lived with Beauchamp have been placed in licensed care , Cramer said . Citing confidentiality rules , she declined to provide further information on them . The actions of the Florida Department of Children and Families also are being looked at in a separate case , in which 10-year-old twins were found last month in a pest control truck on the side of Interstate 95 in West Palm Beach , Florida . One of the twins , a girl , was dead ; her brother was badly injured . The twins ' adoptive parents -- Carmen Barahona , 60 , and Jorge Barahona , 43 -- have been charged with first-degree murder in the girl 's death . The boy was taken to a hospital and treated for severe burns . The parents also each face seven counts of aggravated child abuse and seven counts of child neglect . Days before the twins were found , the Department of Children and Families received tips alleging poor treatment of children at the Barahona household in Miami-Dade County .	Florida 's Department of Children and Families says it had "  prior involvement " with the family No investigation was open at the time of their deaths , it says The two dead children have been identified as brother and sister , ages 6 and 10 A suspect is in federal custody on unrelated charges , police say
Panama City  CNN  -- His fate uncertain , Manuel Noriega is being returned Sunday to Panama , nearly 22 years after the former dictator was forcibly removed from office by U.S. forces . Now 77 , Noriega is being extradited this weekend from France , which got Noriega in April 2010 after he spent two decades in an American prison . Panamanian officials want him to face justice in the case of the killing of Hugo Spadafora , a doctor and political opponent of Noriega . Noriega was convicted in absentia of being involved with the kidnapping and killing of Spadafora in 1985 . After a stop in Spain , Noriega is expected to arrive late Sunday afternoon in Panama City . For almost two decades , Noriega was a major player in a country of critical regional importance to the United States because of its location on the Panama Canal , a key strategic and economic waterway between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans on the narrow isthmus linking the Americas . While in U.S. custody , Noriega suffered from prostate cancer and had a stroke . Authorities have strengthened security to guarantee Noriega 's safety in prison , Panamanian Foreign Minister Roberto Henriquez said . "  We have to be ready for all the possibilities in all aspects . Noriega inspires very big emotions , and Noriega 's life could very well be at risk in Panama , " Henriquez said . Judicial officials in Panama will determine whether Noriega can stand trial , Henriquez said . Interior Minister Roxana Mendez said Noriega will receive the same treatment as other inmates at the Renacer prison complex . "  The Panamanian state has no special consideration when it comes to him serving his sentence inside the prison complex , " Mendez said . "  However , based on our laws , and if there 's a valid request from his attorneys , they can ask that he be transferred from the prison to house arrest if the inmate 's health is in jeopardy or if the inmate , being over 70 years old , may face risks inside the prison complex . " Last year , a French court sentenced Noriega to seven years in prison for laundering money through French banks . He also was fined almost 2.3 million euros  $ 2.9 million  , the amount of drug money he was accused of laundering through French banks . Noriega denied the charges . During the trial , defense lawyer Yves Leberquier tried to paint Noriega as the victim of larger geopolitical forces , accusing the United States of placing and moving pawns to serve its interests . The U.S. government has portrayed Noriega as the ultimate crooked cop -- a man who was paid millions by the Medellin drug cartel in Colombia to protect cocaine and money shipments . He was convicted of drug trafficking and other crimes in the United States . Born in 1934 , Noriega was abandoned by his parents at the age of 5 and raised by an aunt in a rundown district of Panama City . After failing to get into medical school , Noriega joined the army , studying at Peru 's Military Academy of Chorrillos and quickly rising through the ranks . In the 1970s he served as head of military intelligence to Gen. Omar Torrijos , who had seized power in a military coup in 1968 . Torrijos died in a plane crash in 1981 , and Noriega emerged as his de facto successor . By 1983 he controlled both Panama 's armed forces and civilian government . In 1988 Noriega was indicted in the United States on charges of racketeering , laundering drug money and drug trafficking . He was accused of having links to Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar 's notorious Medellin cartel and , in the process , amassing a multimillion-dollar fortune . Amid growing unrest in Panama , U.S. President George H.W. Bush ordered the invasion of Panama in December 1989 , claiming that Noriega 's rule posed a threat to U.S. lives and property . Noriega fled his offices and tried to seek sanctuary in the Vatican Embassy in Panama City . U.S. troops set up large speakers around the compound , blaring music at all hours , a psychological ploy to rattle the general . He surrendered in January 1990 and was quickly escorted to the United States for civilian trial . During his 2010 trial in France , Noriega said , "  I received high praise from the U.S. , Interpol and other countries who all benefited from my fight against drugs . " CNN 's Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	The former strongman is expected to arrive in Panama late Sunday afternoon Panamanian officials want him to face justice there The former dictator has been convicted of crimes in the United States and France
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic saved five match points before beating defending Shanghai Masters champion Andy Murray in a three-set final of breathtaking intensity Sunday . Murray , who overcame the Serbian to win the U.S. Open title in another classic duel , was poised for an emphatic straight sets victory and his third successive title in the Chinese city . He led by a set and 5-4 and was 30 love to the good on his own service before the World No. 2 changed the course of the match with an audacious between the legs shot . It helped him win the rally and although Murray then set up the first of his championship points later in the game , the force was now with Djokovic . In the ensuing tiebreaker , which lasted over 20 minutes , he saved a further four match points before taking it 13-11 to set up the decider . The typical fist-pumping celebration said it all , but Djokovic still had to win the third set . More classic play followed , but Murray was the first to crack as Djokovic broke to lead 4-3 . Serving to save the match at 3-5 down , the Scot himself bravely saved a pair of match points before his opponent clinched victory after three hours 21 minutes of relentless pressure tennis . After his 5-7 7-6 6-3 triumph , Djokovic told the official ATP Tour website that it could have gone either way . "  When I faced those match points , I tried to focus on each individually . He was so close to the victory that I can not say I was the better player . " Murray was left to reflect on defeat in a match he had in his grasp . "  It was a disappointing one to lose , " he said "  I 've lost tougher matches than that before in the biggest events . So I 'm sure I 'll recover from it pretty well . " The 25-year-old Djokovic , who was also beaten by Murray in the semifinals of the Olympic tennis tournament , came into the final in hot form after claiming the China Open in Beijing . He is closing on Roger Federer at the top of the rankings , heading into the Paris Masters and the ATP Tour Finals in London next month . Meanwhile , women 's No. 1 Victoria Azarenka claimed her sixth title this season when she beat German Julia Goerges in straight sets in Linz . The Belarusian won 6-3 , 6-4 for a 14th career title , following on from her success in Beijing where she beat Maria Sharapova . And in the WTA event in Osaka , Heather Watson became the first British woman to win a Tour title in 24 years when she beat Chang Kai-chen in the Japan Open final . Watson won a marathon match 7-5 5-7 7-6 and takes over from Laura Robson as British No. 1	Novak Djokovic beats Andy Murray in Shanghai Masters final World No. 2 saves five match points against the defending champion Second set tiebreaker key to Serbian 's victory Closes on Roger Federer at the top of the rankings
CNN  -- Germany coach Joachim Low has tried to lift the burden of expectation off his young team by claiming that Wednesday 's semifinal opponents Spain are favorites to win the World Cup . The Germans , who came into the tournament missing several key injured players , have been tipped to win a fourth title in South Africa after demolishing Argentina 4-0 in the quarterfinals and successfully shackling the attacking talents of Lionel Messi . But Low , whose team were beaten by the Spaniards in the final of Euro 2008 , believes that the last-four clash in Durban will be a more difficult proposition . "  Spain remain the natural World Cup favorites . They not only have one Messi , but they have several Messis , " he told reporters . "  They have a whole range of players that can win a game , so we will have to be very watchful against them . They are a team that make very few mistakes . We have to force them into making mistakes . " The Germans are the top scorers in this year 's tournament , having racked up 13 goals in five games after putting four past Australia , England and Argentina . Defeat in the second group game against Serbia has been the only lapse , as Bastian Schweinsteiger has reveled in his new central midfield role in the absence of injured captain Michael Ballack , while four-goal Thomas Muller and playmaker Mezut Ozil have also been inspirational . Muller will miss the Spain game due to suspension but Low has another potent goal threat in striker Miroslav Klose , who needs one more to join Brazil legend Ronaldo on the all-time record of 15 . "  In 2008 , there is no doubt that Spain were the best team at the tournament . They have shown great consistency and always played at the highest possible level . So they have been impressive , " Low said . "  But now the situation is different . We too have a good team and we have every reason to believe that we can succeed . " Spain reached the World Cup semifinals for the first time with a 1-0 victory over Paraguay thanks to a late winner from striker David Villa , the tournament 's top scorer on five goals . Defender Gerard Pique has backed his team to take the next step up . "  I think when you are at the semifinal stage , there are no favorites , " he told reporters . "  We never have any doubts about ourselves . We always play the same way , the results are good and we have to be confident with our play . "  Germany and Spain both have new players in the team and it will be a different game to two years ago . We will always keep going . That is the sort of team we are . " Pique 's defensive partner Carles Puyol has been cleared to play after suffering blurred vision when he was hit in the face by the ball against Paraguay , while midfielder Cesc Fabregas will also be available despite falling heavily on his shoulder . Coach Vicente del Bosque has been under pressure from Spanish media to drop striker Fernando Torres , who has failed to impress after having a pre-tournament knee operation . Torres , who scored the winner in the final of Euro 2008 , has been substituted in each of the past four matches after starting the shock defeat by Switzerland on the bench .	Germany coach Joachim Low claims Spain are favorites to win the World Cup The two teams meet in Wednesday 's semifinal in a rematch of the Euro 2008 final Germans are the top scorers in this year 's tournament , netting 13 goals in five games Spain defender Carles Puyol and midfielder Cesc Fabregas passed fit to play
Tokyo  CNN  -- Three Australian activists are being held aboard a Japanese ship Monday after illegally boarding the vessel to protest Japan 's annual whale hunt in Antarctic waters . The three men are not yet under arrest , but are being questioned by Japan 's Coast Guard , a spokesman for Japan 's Fisheries Agency said Monday , declining to be identified as is customary in Japan . The Australian attorney-general , Nicola Roxon , said that her government was working to secure the release of the men , but that she believed they could face criminal charges in Japan . Video footage released by the anti-whaling group Sea Shepherd shows the three men , from the environmental group Forest Rescue Australia , approaching the Japanese vessel on a small boat on Sunday . The video shows their boat pull up next to Japan 's Shonan Maru # 2 , a patrol vessel supporting Japan 's whaling mission in the Antarctic waters . A voice from the small boat calls out , "  Go , go , go ! " as the men slip onto the Japanese ship . In the background , voices in Japanese scream in alarm , saying "  They 're boarding ! " Sea Shepherd described the three activists -- Geoffrey Owen Tuxworth , 47 , Simon Peterffy , 44 , and Glen Pendlebury , 27 -- as "  prisoners . " The organization said the men boarded the vessel to force Japan 's fleet to stop hunting whales . Japan annually hunts whales despite a worldwide moratorium , utilizing a loophole in the law that allows for killing the mammals for scientific research . Each year , environmental groups like Sea Shepherd face off with Japan 's hunters in a high seas drama that has led to collisions of ships , the detaining of activists and smoke bombs fired back and forth between the groups . Two days before he boarded the Japanese vessel , Peterffy said in a video released by Sea Shepherd that stopping Japan 's hunts was a personal responsibility . "  We 've got a big responsibility for all those people in future generations , " he said . Australia 's Roxon said the countries were engaged in diplomatic discussions to ensure the well-being and safety of the three men , but called it a "  difficult situation . " Roxon said that while Australia steadfastly opposes Japan 's whale hunt , the incident did not happen in Australian territorial waters . "  That does n't give us rights for Australian law to automatically apply , " she said . "  In fact , our advice is that Japanese law will apply because a Japanese boat is the one that 's been boarded . " This is the third time activists have boarded ships involved in the Japanese whaling fleet . In 2008 , two Sea Shepherd activists sneaked aboard a Japanese vessel . They were released back to the anti-whaling group . In 2010 , Pete Bethune , a New Zealander , also boarded the Shonan Maru # 2 . Bethune was arrested , taken back to Japan , and tried in a Tokyo court . He spent five months in prison and was released on a two-year suspended sentence .	The three activists could face criminal charges in Japan , an Australian official says The men are being questioned after boarding a patrol ship involved in the whale hunt The Australian government is working to secure the activists ' release Environmental groups have clashed in previous years with the the whale-hunting vessels
CNN  -- Sure , everyone reading this uses the Internet . But how much do you really know about it ? The Pew Research Center wanted to find out . This week , Pew released the results of a survey seeking to see just how much Internet users know about the Web and the people , tools and technology that make it work . The results are interesting in that they 're all over the board . Pew notes that "  knowledge of the modern technology landscape varies widely across a range of topics . " As many as 83 % of the survey 's 1,066 adult Internet users got one question right . Only 9 % guessed correctly on another . "  Technology permeates modern life and we thought it would be revealing to see how knowledgeable people were about some core concepts and history , " said Aaron Smith , author of the report . "  Policy makers , tech designers , and those orienting their organizations around digital life can profit from knowing just how ` technology literate ' people are and where gaps in their knowledge might be . Just because people use these gadgets a lot does n't necessarily mean they know everything about how they work and where they came from . " OK , no peeking at the link . Click through our gallery above and see how well you know your Internet tech , and let us know how you did in the comments below .	Test your Internet knowledge with this gallery quiz The Pew Research Center surveyed 1,066 people on Web IQ 83 % knew the easiest question , but only 9 % got the hardest
CNN  -- Tennis ' year-end championships are supposed to showcase the top eight players in the world but Monday 's opening matches in London took a backseat to another butting of heads between the two biggest names in the sport . The difference of opinion came as Stanislas Wawrinka beat Tomas Berdych 6-3 6-7 6-3 in the afternoon and Juan Martin del Potro defeated Richard Gasquet 6-7 6-3 7-5 in the nightcap . Having disagreed about a potential two-year ranking system and a previous selection of the ATP 's executive chairman , the latest dispute between Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal revolves around the surface for the World Tour Finals . Switzerland 's Federer says the tournament should remain on an indoor hard court but Spaniard Nadal wants it played outdoors and on surfaces including his preferred clay . Federer and his attacking game flourish under a roof -- he was unbeaten on indoor hard courts for two years from late 2010 -- and the 17-time grand slam winner boasts a career winning ratio of over 80 % when playing inside . Nadal 's indoor strike rate , meanwhile , stands at about 66 % -- and the world No. 1 has even less success on carpet . Clay is undeniably his most successful surface , with eight of his 13 grand slam triumphs coming at the French Open . Nadal has never won the ATP World Tour Finals while Federer has on six occasions , with four of those coming indoors -- Houston in 2003 and 2004 proving the exception . "  I believe it should be indoor and hard , " Federer , president of the ATP Players Council , told CNN on Sunday . "  I know there 's an argument to have it on clay , on grass , to have it outdoors -- and I did play outdoors in Houston . "  I just feel indoors does n't have enough play . The indoor season is small . I believe indoors deserves a huge event , which this one is . " Playing the tournament in such fashion is a natural extension of the European "  indoor swing " that begins in the middle of October . Prior to London , Shanghai staged the year-end showpiece on an indoor carpet and then on an indoor hard court from 2005 to 2008 . The last time it was contested on a surface other than hard or carpet was way back in 1974 , on grass in Melbourne , and Nadal insists it is time for a change . The ATP , he says , should be "  fairer " with the players . "  I know it 's not going to happen for my generation , " Nadal , who stepped down as vice-president of the players council last year , told reporters on Monday . "  I 'm talking for the future generations , something that will be a little bit fairer for the players . And I think for the fans it will be interesting to change the surface every year to the surfaces we qualified on for the  World Tour Finals  . "  A good player has a chance to qualify for the  World Tour Finals  four or five times in his career , so if during this four years you have a different surface every year , a minimum one time he will have the chance to play on his favorite surface . " In an interview with CNN last week , Andre Silva , tournament director of the World Tour Finals and the ATP 's chief player officer , said changing surfaces would make for an "  interesting concept " but presented some problems . "  If it 's something the players want and can be done logistically , it 's something we can explore , " said Silva . "  Even in the same place it would be pretty unique if you have all of a sudden one year on a hard court in London and the next year on a clay court . "  But it 's hard for players to switch surfaces . I think guys who have n't played on clay for six months would n't be comfortable going back to a surface they have n't experienced in six months . "  I 'm not opposed to it but I just think it becomes hard because of the logistics . " When asked about the issue by reporters , Novak Djokovic -- the third most successful active player in the men 's game -- did n't "  know what to say rightly . " The Serbian , however , said the championships should n't be held in the same city for more than three years . London 's stint will hit seven seasons come the end of its term in 2015 and Silva said there was "  definitely " a possibility of a further extension . Federer told CNN he was n't opposed to the idea . On Tuesday , the Swiss enters the action when he meets Djokovic in the evening session with Nadal facing compatriot David Ferrer earlier in the day .	Tennis legends disagree on nature of ATP World Tour Finals Roger Federer argues the case for an indoor tournament while Nadal wants an outdoor event 2013 action got underway on Monday as Stanislas Wawrinka beat Tomas Berdych Juan Martin del Potro rallied to beat Richarg Gasquet in the evening session
LONDON , England  CNN  -- If you had to describe one Hollywood actress as "  heavyweight " Meryl Streep would be a pretty strong contender for the title . Pulling no punches : Streep as fiercely caustic nun , Sister Aloysius in John Patrick Shanley 's 1960s morality drama "  Doubt . " Over 30 years in the movie business the actress has pulled no punches , receiving an incredible 15 Oscar nominations , and winning twice , for "  Sophie 's Choice " in 1982 and "  Kramer Vs. Kramer " in 1979 . Even so , "  Doubt " director John Patrick Shanley says was knocked sideways by Streep 's "  tooth and nail " performance in his Oscar-nominated drama , "  Doubt , " describing himself as "  quite astonished . " Streep , who has been nominated for a Best Actress award at this year 's Academy Awards for her role , stars as fiercely caustic nun , Sister Aloysius , the iron-gloved principal of a religious school in a working class New York neighborhood in the 1960s . "  Meryl really wanted to do the role because , I think , she thought it was really right for her , " Shanley told CNN in a recent interview , adding , "  I have to say I was quite astonished at her amazing facility . " But it was the rapport between Streep and Oscar-winner Philip Seymour Hoffman who plays Father Flynn that was central to getting the story across . Shanley says their relationship was electric . All he had to do was put them on set and wait for the sparks to fly . "  The set became like the ring that prizefighters go into , " recalls Shanley . "  They would just sit in their respective corners when they were n't shooting , with their heads hanging down , in some private universe of some very , very tormented place , and get ready to do that scene . "  And then when they were called to do it , they would get in there and the walls would shake . " Shanley approached Streep first when he was casting the film , but knew he would need to find a formidable actor to play the Father Flynn , which is why he chose Hoffman -- "  the smartest guy that chose to become an actor that I 've ever met . " "  I knew that when I closed my eyes , I did n't know what he would do with the role , " Shanley told CNN , "  I knew that if I did n't know then Meryl would n't know and that would keep her on her toes . " Hoffman 's portrayal of Flynn , the modern-thinking humanist whose progressive sermons and personal habits -- like an enjoyment of three sugars in his tea -- rankle austere Aloysius , has won him an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor . The story is set in the Bronx , New York in 1964 just after the Kennedy assassination and on the cusp of the civil rights movement -- a time of social flux . It centers on a moral crusade Sister Aloysius launches against Flynn who she suspects of taking an unhealthy interest in Donald Miller , his altar boy and the school 's only black student . The film begins with a simple question : did he or did n't he ? The ensuing battle between Aloysius and Flynn is old against new with religious , ethical , political , gender and racial elements all thrown into the mix . The power of the drama is all in the dialogue , especially the confrontations between Aloysius and Flynn . The beauty of the story is that it does not answer any of the questions . iReport.com : iReporter thinks Streep will win Shanley 's mantra during filming was to never lead the audience to any one conclusion , allowing people to view the tale through the reflection of their own biases . It was hard to get this delicate balance in emotionally intense scenes but , says Shanley , with actors of Streep and Hoffman 's caliber his approach was to use a very light touch . "  It 's often just nuance , " he told CNN , explaining how he and Streep worked together while filming one of the film 's confrontations . "  We were in the middle of it and Meryl was going with Phil tooth and nail and she got very sarcastic with him . "  And I said ` Cut ' and said ` Ok , we have that . Now let 's do it again and this time take the high road . ' " "  And she did every single thing differently and yet within character and she took the high road at every turn . " He says Hoffman takes direction in a completely different way . "  With Phil , you give him information and it goes through a pipeline about a quarter mile long and then it shows up , and how it shows up , I do n't know . "  I do n't know what that process is exactly . He 's a very internalized actor but he hears everything you say and he makes his adjustments accordingly . " "  Doubt " is based on a Tony award-winning and Pulitzer prize-winning play also written by Shanley , which the director adapted for the big screen . Shanley , who won an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay in 1988 for "  Moonstruck , " has been nominated for Best Adapted Screenplay . As well as Streep and Hoffman 's , there are Best Supporting Actress nominations for Amy Adams who plays a mouse-like , innocent nun who teaches at the school , Sister James , and stage actress Viola Davis who plays Donald Miller 's mother .	Director John Patrick Shanley was "  quite astonished " by Streep 's acting in "  Doubt " She stars opposite another Hollywood heavyweight , Philip Seymour Hoffman Shanley on shooting : "  The set became like the ring that prizefighters go into " Streep , Hoffman and co-stars , Viola Davies and Amy Adams are all Oscar nominated
Phoenix , Arizona  CNN  -- By spending a few days here in America 's fifth-largest city -- which also happens to be at the heart of the nation 's immigration debate -- I had the chance to see this volatile issue from many different vantage points . But as far I know , I did n't see any terror babies . Regular viewers of CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " will recognize that term as referring to children born on U.S. soil to illegal immigrants . The children are automatically granted U.S. citizenship under the 14th Amendment and then are smuggled back to their home countries to be raised as pint-sized , America-hating terrorists . Then decades later , when the children have grown into adults , they could easily -- because of their U.S. citizenship -- re-enter the United States to attack it from within . So terror babies are sort of like a sleeper cell , one that has to be put down for a nap every few hours or it gets fussy . Is this a scary scenario ? You bet . Is it anything close to reality ? It does n't look like it . In fact , what 's really scary are opportunistic lawmakers out there who will sink to new depths to scare the Dickens out of people in order to drum up support for the radical idea of changing the 14th Amendment or scrapping it altogether . That 's what this story is really about . It 's an elaborate pitch to that constituency who believes that illegal immigrants are unfairly taking advantage of a constitutional provision that makes anyone born on U.S. soil an American citizen . The two Texas Republicans who are actively spinning this yarn -- State Representative Debbie Riddle and U.S. Congressman Louie Gohmert -- both appeared on Cooper 's show this week , and neither could provide any evidence of the existence of these mythical terror babies . In fact , in the face of questioning by Cooper , both got extremely defensive . You might say these GOP fear mongers were acting in a way that could be accurately described as infantile . Riddle and Gohmert claimed they got the information from conversations with "  former FBI officials . " So Cooper interviewed CNN contributor Tom Fuentes , who served as the FBI 's assistant director in the office of international operations from 2004 to 2008 . "  The FBI has 75 offices overseas , including offices in Jordan , Turkey , Israel , Saudi Arabia , Yemen , Pakistan , " Fuentes said . "  There was never a credible report -- or any report , for that matter -- coming across through all the various mechanisms of communication to indicate that there was such a plan for these terror babies to be born . " The FBI has also done everything it can to knock down the story as simply not credible . Of course , this tall tale is n't credible ; it 's probably nothing more than a figment of politicians ' imaginations . But it is valuable since it helps illustrate a disturbing phenomenon here in Arizona , where supporters of the state 's new immigration law seem to feel as if they have to justify the measure not only by scaring people , but also by doing extreme makeovers . They take things that are familiar and try to make them sinister . Those are n't U.S. citizen babies , they say ; they 're future terrorists . Those are n't run-of-the-mill illegal immigrants who come to Arizona to work and feed their families ; they 're drug mules for the Mexican cartels , says Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer . And those are n't coyotes , immigrant smugglers bringing people in the United States as they have for generations ; they 're drug cartels , which -- according to Brewer -- now control all the immigrant smuggling operations into the United States . The Border Patrol was just as quick to knockdown those stories as untrue as the FBI was in refuting the story about terror babies using the 14th Amendment to do us harm . I was glad to see that . There is already enough dishonesty in the immigration debate ; we certainly do n't need any more coming from the state of Arizona . Yet , there is a steady trickle of deceptions and half-truths . The three big fibs -- repeated by top Republican officials -- are that the federal government is n't doing its job to protect the borders , that the law is an attempt to crack down on drug cartels , and that race is n't part of the discussion . None of that is true . So why repeat it ? Those who believe in the state 's immigration law and consider it a good idea to empower local police and sheriff 's deputies to enforce federal immigration law should stand by the legislation as it is written . They should n't have to try to create an alternate reality to win over more supporters . A prominent Mexican-American attorney , who has long been a visible and vocal member of Phoenix 's Latino community , warned me against trying to make sense of the opposition . For instance , I asked him , how could people continue to argue that the Obama administration is n't doing enough to secure the border when all the evidence suggests otherwise ? "  You 'll never be able to convince people of that , " he said . "  Because their motivation is political . It 's not based in reality . " I 'm afraid that 's not good enough . If the supporters of SB1070 really believe in the merits of their cause , they should be able to win the argument on the natural , without relying on hocus-pocus or scare tactics or radical makeovers . And if they ca n't do that , if they have to portray babies as terrorists and immigrants as drug mules in order to win support for their side , then this should tell them loud and clear that they 're on the wrong side of this issue -- not to mention , on the wrong side of history . No amount of spin can change that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Two Texas Republicans claim the 14th Amendment could aid terrorist goals to attack U.S. Ruben Navarrette says the "  terror babies " fear is groundless He says it 's the latest scare tactic being used to whip up a frenzy over immigration Navarrette : Let 's have a debate about immigration on the merits , not on fantasy
CNN  Did former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez kill Odin Lloyd , a man who was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fiancee and might have become his future brother-in-law ? Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges , setting the stage for his trial in Fall River , Massachusetts , that began in January . He 's accused of orchestrating the shooting death of Lloyd . During closing arguments , Prosecutor William McCauley called the football player the trigger man . Jury deliberations began Tuesday . Even after closing arguments , the motive is still unclear but not legally required to get a conviction . Still , jurors like to know a motive . Evidence collected in Lloyd 's death led to two more murder charges against Hernandez in a separate case in Boston . It 's scheduled to begin in May , but officials say it will be pushed back . The trial has involved a complicated cast of characters , including two sisters who played important roles in the lives of Hernandez and Lloyd Here is a primer : Inside the case against Aaron Hernandez Odin Lloyd Odin Lloyd was a 27-year-old semi-pro football player for the Boston Bandits . He was found dead on June 17 , 2013 , less than a mile from Hernandez 's home in North Attleboro , Massachusetts . He had been shot six times . Lloyd met Hernandez while dating Shaneah Jenkins , the sister of Hernandez 's fiancee , Shayanna Jenkins . Hernandez is charged with orchestrating Lloyd 's execution . Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado were killed outside a Boston nightclub on July 16 , 2012 . Earlier that evening , prosecutors say , de Abreu accidentally bumped into Hernandez , spilling a drink . Later that night , Hernandez was driving an SUV and allegedly pulled up alongside de Abreu and Furtado 's car near the nightclub and fired a .38 - caliber revolver at them , killing them . The trial judge in the Lloyd case barred any mention of the Boston deaths , ruling it would be prejudicial . Alexander Bradley Authorities say Alexander Bradley is Hernandez 's former right hand man who was allegedly with Hernandez on the night de Abreu and Furtado were killed . He is not facing any charges in that case , but he is jailed on unrelated charges . He is suing Hernandez for allegedly shooting him in the face in February 2013 , four months before Lloyd 's death . Bradley says Hernandez accused him of "  disrespecting him " over a cell phone left in a Miami strip club . Bradley testified against Hernandez in Lloyd 's death , telling jurors he saw Hernandez handling what appeared to be a Glock semi-automatic pistol during a trip to Florida . The trial barred him from saying he accused Hernandez of shooting him in the face . Carlos Ortiz Carlos Ortiz , nicknamed Charlie Boy , is also charged with murder in the death of Lloyd and has pleaded not guilty . A law enforcement source says he cooperated with police and described the night of Lloyd 's death . Ernest Wallace Ernest Wallace is also charged with murder in the death of Lloyd . He has pleaded not guilty and is being tried separately . Prosecutors call him the "  muscle man " for Hernandez . They say he was in the car with Hernandez , Lloyd , and Carlos Ortiz an hour before the car is seen on video heading to the industrial park where Lloyd was killed . Shayanna Jenkins Shayanna Jenkins is Hernandez 's fiancee and the mother of their daughter . She is charged with perjury , accused of lying to a grand jury about guns in their home . She has pleaded not guilty . Her sister , Shaneah , was dating Lloyd at the time of his death . Shaneah Jenkins Shaneah Jenkins is the girlfriend of Lloyd . Her sister is Hernandez 's fiance . In court , the two sisters sit on opposite sides , Shayanna with the defense and Shaneah with the prosecution . Tanya Cummings-Singleton Tanya Cummings-Singleton is a cousin of Hernandez . In her garage , police found the SUV allegedly driven by Hernandez and linked to the 2012 Boston double homicide . She was twice charged with contempt of court for refusing to testify before two grand juries despite immunity offers . She has pleaded guilty to obstruction in the Lloyd case . She is also suffering from cancer . Thaddeus Singleton Thaddeus Singleton , husband of Tanya Cummings-Singleton , was killed in a car accident after Lloyd 's slaying . Police say his speeding car went airborne and crashed . A source says police planned to interview him about his relationship with Hernandez . Shaquilla Thibou Shaquilla Thibou is the sister of Lloyd . At trial she testified she saw her brother get into a car with three men who turned out to be Hernandez , Wallace and Ortiz before he was killed . Prosecutors say she received a final text from her brother that night minutes before he was shot telling her he was with "  Nfl , " adding , "  just so u know . " The judge has ruled that text inadmissible at trial , saying there is no proof it meant Lloyd feared for his life . Terri Hernandez Terri Hernandez is Aaron Hernandez 's mother . She is a school secretary . Dennis Hernandez Dennis Hernandez was Aaron Hernandez 's father . He had a close relationship with his sons and was deeply involved in their sports training . He died unexpectedly after hernia surgery when Hernandez was 16 . DJ Hernandez DJ Hernandez is Aaron Hernandez 's older brother . He was a star high school athlete . He also was a standout athlete at the University of Connecticut and is an assistant coach at the University of Iowa . The prosecution District Attorney Samuel Sutter , who had been leading the prosecution against Hernandez , is the newly elected mayor of Fall River , where the trial is being held . Assistant District Attorneys William McCauley and Patrick Bomberg are on the team leading the case against Hernandez . "  Probably my career ... will be defined more by this case than all of the other things we 've done , " Sutter has said . The defense Attorneys James Sultan , Michael Fee and Charles Rankin are handling Hernandez 's defense . In opening statements , Fee said Hernandez "  was planning a future , not a murder . " Before trial , Rankin said he is confident Hernandez will be exonerated .	Jury selection for the Aaron Hernandez trial started back in January The jury began its deliberations on Tuesday The case has a complicated cast of characters
CNN  -- More than two dozen children were among the hundreds raped by armed rebels in the war-torn eastern Democratic Republic of Congo , the United Nations said . Twenty-seven minors , including one boy , were among the victims , the U.N. said Friday . One attempted rape was also reported . The children were among 240 people raped by Rwandan and Congolese rebels who raided villages in North Kivu province between July 30 and August 3 , aid groups said . Attackers blocked roads and prevented villagers from reaching outside communications . Many homes were also looted . Many of the victims were raped by two to six men , according to the United Nations Organization Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo  MONUSCO  . MONUSCO , the United Nations peacekeeping force in the country , raised the number of victims after earlier reports put it at 156 . Since the rapes were first publicly reported on August 22 , more victims have come forward , the force said . The United Nations has said it did not learn about the attacks until August 12 , when it was alerted by International Medical Corps . International Medical Corps said it first told the United Nations about the rapes on August 6 . A July 30 internal U.N. e-mail that was relayed to relief agencies working in the area warned that the rebels had taken over the villages , and had already committed one instance of rape . The town of Mpofi , 52 kilometers from Walikale , had just fallen into the hands of the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda , a rebel group . "  A woman was raped there , " the e-mail said in French . "  Humanitarian workers are said not to go there . " On August 10 , the United Nations posted an online bulletin saying that 25 women had been raped in the villages , contradicting statements made by U.N. military spokesman Madnoje Mounoubai and special representative Roger Meece . Asked to explain the discrepancy , deputy U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq told reporters this week : "  We are aware of the existence of a number of e-mails and we are trying to trace exactly how those e-mails were responded to . " He said that about 80 peacekeepers were conducting patrols in an area about four times the size of Manhattan . "  The question is -- how much area could they cover , and were they able to get into the areas where they needed to be , where the relevant information was ? " U.N. officials have said they will toughen efforts to stop rapes in the region . "  The recent mass rapes underscores the need for an end to impunity for perpetrators of such crimes , " said Margot Wallstrom , a U.N. special representative for sexual violence in conflict . These attacks reinforce that "  you can not have a policy of zero tolerance backed by zero consequences , " she said .	Twenty-seven minors , including one boy , were among the victims , the U.N. says The children were among 240 people raped by rebels who raided villages The Rwandan and Congolese rebels attacked residents between July 30 and August 3
OMAHA , Nebraska  CNN  -- Investigators probing the deadly mall shooting in Omaha have seized computers and are analyzing information on Web sites in the search for clues in the case , police said Thursday . The 19-year-old gunman sent at least one text message to his former girlfriend , with whom he broke up about two weeks ago , Omaha Police Chief Thomas Warren said . Robert Hawkins also left a voice mail for his mother before killing eight people at a department store Wednesday . He chose his victims randomly , police believe , then took his own life . Hawkins visited a friend near the Westroads Mall before the shootings and apparently went directly to the shopping center after that meeting , Warren said . Police do n't yet know why Hawkins chose the mall or the Von Maur department store in particular , Warren said , adding only that the teen "  may have frequented the Westroads Mall . " See who Hawkins killed in department store " The incident itself appeared to be premeditated , as Hawkins left a suicide note and other correspondence , Warren said . Watch officials detail the rampage " "  Typically there are hints that something like this may take place , " Warren said . "  Certainly you ca n't anticipate someone engaging in this type of shooter rampage , but if there is any justification , any explanation , " police will find it , he said . "  Apparently he had been experiencing some mental health problems , ideations of suicide . " Debora Maruca-Kovac -- a friend of Hawkins ' family who was letting him live in her home -- found the suicide note just minutes before the shootings . Watch her describe their last conversation " "  He basically said how sorry he was for everything , " she told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday . "  He did n't want to be a burden to people and that he was a piece of s -- all of his life and that now he 'd be famous . " Warren said the rifle used was an AK-47 . Police have n't finished tracing the gun , but believe Hawkins stole it from his stepfather 's home . Security officers flagged Hawkins as suspicious when he entered the mall . He left soon after he entered , then returned less than six minutes later with something apparently hidden in a balled-up sweatshirt . He went up an elevator to the mall 's third floor , then immediately began firing , ultimately turning the firearm on himself , Warren said . "  It does n't appear as though there was an opportunity for intervention , " Warren said . Hawkins fired more than 30 rounds , the police chief said . The shootings sent panicked holiday shoppers fleeing for cover . "  It was just so loud , and then it was silence , " said witness Jennifer Kramer , who hid inside a circular clothing rack . "  I was scared to death he 'd be walking around looking for someone else . " Watch how Kramer and her mother hid " A friend of Hawkins ' said he had n't thought Hawkins was capable of such violence . "  He was the one guy , you know , if people would be getting in a fight he 'd be trying to break it up , " said Shawn Saunders , who had known Hawkins for about 2 1/2 years . "  If there were arguments amongst our friends or groups , he was kind of like the calm , cool and collected one . " Watch how Saunders learned Hawkins was the shooter " Nebraska Gov. Dave Heineman said Hawkins had been a ward of the state for nearly four years , but he did not specify in what capacity . The state 's custody ended in August of last year , Heineman said . U.S. Army recruiters turned Hawkins down last summer when he tried to enlist , a source familiar with the situation said Thursday . The source did n't want to be named because it is against the military 's rules to discuss potential recruits . The reason for his rejection was unclear . Heineman ordered that flags throughout the state be lowered to half-staff through Sunday . The dead include six store employees and two customers , ranging in age from 24 to 66 . One store employee was in critical but stable condition Thursday and another had been upgraded from critical to serious , according to hospital officials . Another person was still being treated Thursday afternoon , Warren said , but he did not specify whether the individual was a customer or employee . Two other customers had been treated and released , he said . Westroads Mall remained closed Thursday , but the facility , including the Von Maur store , could reopen Friday . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	Police confiscate computers , examine information on Web sites Gunman may have frequented the Westroads Mall , police say Mall shooter was ward of state for almost four years , governor says Army recruiters turned down Robert Hawkins when he tried to enlist
CNN  -- It 's hard to believe it 's been 30 years since E.T. and Elliott took a ride across the moon . As Henry Thomas , who played Elliott in the movie "  E.T. , " said , "  ironically enough , even with today 's technology and knowledge of movie magic , people still ask me how they made the bike fly . They used a blue screen and rear projection . It 's an old trick . " Steven Spielberg 's "  E.T. . The Extra-Terrestrial " was the biggest blockbuster of 1982 , winning four Academy Awards . It remains the fourth most-successful movie of all time in the U.S. "  E.T. " even surpassed "  Star Wars " as the highest-grossing film of all time and was n't beat until another Spielberg film came along : 1993 's "  Jurassic Park . " One of the reasons "  E.T. " remains timeless is because it was n't supposed to be an effects-heavy film . Memorable visuals , like the bicycle scene , were seamlessly woven in . Spielberg did n't want audiences "  ooohing " and "  aaahing " over special effects . He simply wanted it to look like he 'd shot a perfect night moon , because he did just that . That was the real moon . The visual effects team spent several nights charting the moon and scouting locations for the perfect spot in the forest at the perfect time . Thomas , who was 10 years old when he made "  E.T. , " said he 'll never forget the distinct smell of the Culver City soundstage . "  Soundstages have a very particular smell , " he explained , "  and to this day whenever I have that , it takes me back to those days , because those are pretty much the first memories I have of working on a set . " Thomas , now 41 , described the smell as "  a combination of new lumber , cigarette smoke and fog machines . They used a lot of atmospheric fog . " He also recalled eating Reese 's Pieces by the fistful . In the film , Elliott lures E.T. into his house by leaving a trail of the candy . "  I made myself sick from eating them because we always had those 2-pound bags lying around , " Thomas said . "  They were set dressing in Elliott 's room , so in between takes , I was constantly eating those things . In fact , when I saw Steven -- we did an interview together earlier this year -- and when I saw him , I said something about how I ate too many of those things , and he said , ` Oh , yeah , I know you did . You were eating those way too much . ' " Producers originally wanted to use M&M s , but parent company Mars Inc. passed . On a more sentimental note , Thomas believes that the reason "  E.T. " still resonates with audiences today is because "  people respond to the message of compassion and friendship . It 's a simple , very human thing . " Actress Dee Wallace , who played Elliott 's mother , Mary , said , "  it 's our ` Wizard of Oz , ' and it 's something that every generation wants to pass down to the next generation and share with it and tell the stories about . " Wallace said she believes "  E.T. " remains a global cultural phenomenon because "  it 's all about love and keeping your heart open . And when you do that , even the little alien from outer space can be your best friend . " In a recent interview featured on the new 30th anniversary "  E.T. " Blu-ray/DVD , Spielberg said that the idea for "  E.T. " came to him when he was directing 1977 's "  Close Encounters of the Third Kind . " He thought of doing a scenario where the alien did n't return to the mothership . He 'd also wanted to make a film exploring how divorce impacts pre-teens .  The director himself endured his own parents ' divorce when he was 15 . So in collaboration with screenwriter Melissa Mathison , Spielberg combined those two ideas to create "  E.T. 's " sweet story about a lonesome boy rescued -- by an alien -- from the sadness of his parents ' divorce . Referring to "  E.T. " as "  the most personal thing I 'd done as a director , " Spielberg stated that his intention all along was to tell the tale from the kids ' points of view . Except for Wallace 's character , "  all the other adults are either silhouetted , shot at a long distance or from the waist down , " said Spielberg , "  until the critical moment where E.T. is dying , and then for the first time , we see the character of Keys . " Spielberg also noted that working with Thomas , a then-6-year-old Drew Barrymore  Gertie  and 15-year-old Robert McNaughton  Michael  made him want to be a father . The director recalled viewing a number of early concept sketches before committing to E.T. 's look . He was adamant that the little alien not resemble a monster . Interestingly enough , the director envisioned a combination of Albert Einstein , Ernest Hemingway and Carl Sandberg , because he wanted E.T. 's oversized eyes to look "  as wizened and as sad as those icons . " E.T. began shooting in September 1981 and wrapped that December . It was filmed under the code name "  A Boy 's Life " because Spielberg feared plagiarism of the plot . Actors were instructed to read the script behind closed doors ; everyone on-set had to wear an ID card . Most of E.T. 's voice work was performed by an elderly woman named Pat Welsh , whose two-pack a day smoking habit gave her voice the deep quality Spielberg had envisioned . However , there were 18 contributors to E.T. 's voice in total . To create sounds ranging from E.T. talking and breathing to snorting and drunkenly burping , the contributors included Spielberg himself , sound effects creator Ben Burtt 's sleeping wife who had a cold , a burp from a University of Southern California film professor , raccoons , sea otters , horses and actress Debra Winger 's signature husky voice .  You ca n't make this stuff up . Winger also has a cameo in "  E.T. " during the trick-or-treating scene . She 's dressed as a doctor wearing a monster mask carrying a poodle in a clown costume .  You really ca n't make this stuff up .  Spielberg gave Winger the "  E.T. " script and had her record every single one of E.T. 's lines into a tape recorder . In the scene where government agents have taken over Elliott 's home , real doctors from USC Medical Center were recruited to play the doctors who try to save E.T. , because Spielberg felt that actors talking about technical medical matters did n't seem natural . In addition , Spielberg cut a scene featuring Harrison Ford as the headmaster at Elliott 's school . Spielberg recalled receiving "  stacks " of congratulatory telegrams upon "  E.T. 's " premiere during the Cannes Film Festival in June 1982 , but the most treasured one came from Francois Truffaut , who said , "  You belong here more than me . " At a White House screening , Spielberg sat next to President Reagan and noted that "  the president 's face became very childlike . His mouth was open , his eyes were wide , and I suddenly saw a 10-year-old boy . " Thomas added that he is "  pleasantly surprised " by the film 's resonating success . "  I never really thought when we were filming that it would ever be a success . It literally took until about 10 years ago for me to realize , ` Wow ! This "  E.T. " thing is n't going away . ' "	Steven Spielberg 's "  E.T. " is celebrating its 30th anniversary this year It remains the fourth most-successful movie of all time in the U.S. The 30th anniversary DVD/Blu-ray includes an interview with Spielberg Henry Thomas : I just realized 10 years ago , "  Wow ! This "  E.T. " thing is n't going away . "
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Six years ago an ad in the Sunday paper changed a young Pakistani woman 's life and made aviation history . Seven Pakistani women are trained to fly the country 's F-7 fighter jets -- though none have seen combat so far . The ad read : "  Pakistan Air Force recruiting females cadets . " Back then Ambreen Gul was 20-years old and living in Karachi . Her mother wanted her to be a doctor . She remembers her reaction when she told her she wants to fly . "  She was like : ` You 're a girl , ' " says Gul . "  How will you do it ? How will you fly ? " The following day Gul took the first step in proving her mother wrong . She was among the first in line at the recruitment center . For nearly six decades it was only men who had flown Pakistan 's fighter jets . Today Gul is one of seven women who are trained and ready to fly Pakistan 's F-7 supersonic fighter jets . "  This is a feeling that makes you proud and makes you humble also , " says Gul . Humility does n't mean lack of confidence . "  We can do everything better than the men , " explains cadet Nida Tariq . "  We 're more hardworking , more consistent and more patient , " adds cadet Anam Faiq . To become a fighter pilot takes three years of training at the Air Force Academy in Risalpur , Pakistan , where the halls are lined with grainy black-and-white pictures of nearly six decades of male graduates who went on to fly for the Pakistan Air Force . The training is often intensely physical . Here , equal opportunity means equal treatment . If they are not good enough as per their male counterparts , we do n't let them fly , " says commanding officer Tanvir Piracha . Some of Pakistan 's female pilots wear hijabs . Others prefer to go without the Muslim headdress . Most say changing the misconception of Muslim women is just as important as serving their country . "  Islam gives equal opportunity to females . Whatever we want to do we can , " says pilot Nadia Gul . "  To tell you the truth I 've been given equal opportunity or I suppose more than men have been given , " says Air Force cadet Sharista Beg . Air Force officials say fighter pilots are playing a vital role in the fight against the Taliban . They 're training in counterinsurgency , collecting aerial intelligence and targeting militant strongholds in the treacherous mountains of Pakistan 's tribal region along the Afghan border . Ambreen Gul says her goal now is to fly in combat . "  I would give my life for my country , " she says . But women rarely fly in combat anywhere in the world and it 's never been done in Pakistan . It 's another barrier Gul plans to break .	Ambreen Gul is one of seven women trained to fly F-7 supersonic fighter jet To become a Pakistani fighter pilot takes three years of training Some female pilots wear hijabs , others go without the Muslim headdress
If home is where the heart is , a new survey suggests that most people are n't sure exactly where they live . More than half of people can not pinpoint the exact location of the human heart on a diagram , and nearly 70 percent ca n't correctly identify the shape of the lungs , according to the survey . This lack of knowledge is n't just embarrassing -- it could lead to a poorer quality of health care , some experts say . In the study , published in the journal BMC Family Practice , a research team surveyed 722 Britons -- 589 hospital outpatients and 133 people in the general population . They gave the volunteers four diagrams of human figures and asked them to choose the one that showed the correct size and location of a specific organ .  For example , the heart diagrams showed various size organs on the far left side of the chest , directly in the center , anchored on the center/left chest , and on the right side of the chest . Overall , people knew less basic anatomy than the researchers expected -- even those patients being treated for a specific condition involving that organ . Participants generally answered half the questions correctly , including 46.5 percent who knew which drawing represented their heart . In all , 31.4 percent correctly identified the lungs , 38.4 percent the stomach , 41.8 percent the thyroid , and 42.5 percent the kidneys . The intestines and bladder were the most easily identified , with 85.9 percent and 80.7 percent , respectively , answering the question correctly . Health.com : Are you cholesterol smart ? Take this quiz There was little to no improvement compared with a similar study conducted in 1970 , says lead author John Weinman , Ph.D. , of King 's College London . In that study , subjects correctly identified eight major body parts about half of the time .  The researchers used the same body parts from the 1970 study and added three more : the pancreas , gallbladder , and ovaries . Given the accessibility of the Internet and the prominence of health stories in the news media today , Weinman 's team expected that people would now know more about their body . Weinman says he would n't be surprised if a study based in the United States produced similar results -- or worse . "  I imagine they would be similar , but there could well be regional variation , depending on which part of the U.S. the participants were from , " he says . "  Actually , I asked one of my colleagues , who is from the U.S. , and she felt that Americans might be worse because , to quote her , ` Very many Americans do n't even know where New Jersey is , so how would they know where their pancreas is ? ' " Health.com : Eat Smarter in your 30s , 40s , and 50s That may sound harsh , but time and again , U.S. studies have shown that doctors overestimate how much their patients understand about their conditions and treatment . Adam Kelly , Ph.D. , an assistant professor of medicine at the Baylor College of Medicine , in Houston , Texas , conducted a 2007 study , that showed that doctors overestimate patient literacy and that a lack of patient knowledge leads to poorer care . Kelly believes the problem could be "  even more profound " in the United States , although a similar study has not been conducted in America . Still , anatomy may not be the best measure of health literacy , says Sandeep Jauhar , M.D. , the director of the heart failure program at the Long Island Jewish Medical Center , and the author of "  Intern : A Doctor 's Initiation . " Health.com : Computer games that boost your memory "  They would like us to draw the conclusion that because the patients ca n't identify these organs anatomically that that is an indication of low health-care literacy -- and that may or may not be true , " he says . "  I work with heart failure patients , and whether they can identify where their heart is is not so important to me as long as they know which medicines to take and when . " Many patients with heart failure , unfortunately , do n't know which medicines to take , ca n't identify their symptoms , and do n't follow up with their doctors , Jauhar says . "  So health illiteracy is definitely a big problem , " he adds . "  I just do n't know that this is the best study to show that Americans or Europeans are illiterate when it comes to their health care . " The study suggests that patients with liver disease and diabetes may be the most health-literate : They were the only two groups to do better than the general population when identifying their affected organ . Overall , 75.3 percent of those with liver disease could find the liver  versus 45.9 percent in the general population  and 53.7 percent of diabetics could locate the pancreas  versus 30.8 percent  . Health.com : How I survived a heart attack at 43 "  It is possible that patient-education material for people with diabetes may help to increase their knowledge -LSB- of the pancreas -RSB- , but it is still only at the 50 percent level , " Weinman says . "  The same explanation may also be true for liver disease , but it may be a chance finding due to the sampling of patients for this study , and it really needs replicating in other larger studies to be certain it is a robust finding and to search for possible reasons for it . " Weinman says there 's a mountain of evidence to prove that effective communication from doctors increases patient satisfaction and understanding , leading to better clinical outcomes and improved adherence to treatment . Health.com : I lost my insurance , stopped my diabetes medication , and had a heart attack Jauhar agrees that health literacy improves not only the quality of health care , but also life expectancy . "  Health literacy is clearly very important , and how well patients are versed in their own health care is probably just as important a factor in determining longevity as genes or socioeconomic status , " he says . "  These are important factors in how long someone lives . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	More than half in British survey could n't identify heart 's location U.S. results could be similar or worse , some experts speculate Health literacy contributes to better care received , better patient outcomes
CNN  -- Children are bearing the brunt of the conflict in Gaza as the Israeli offensive to flush out Hamas fighters leaves youngsters battling indelible trauma while threatening the lives of newborns and their mothers , a senior aid official says . Palestinians carry a boy wounded in an Israeli military strike to hospital on January 14 . Ann Veneman , executive director of the United Nations ' children body UNICEF , says too little is being done to protect Gaza 's children , who account for half the territory 's population , from the horrors of the latest conflict . More than 320 children have been killed and 1,500 injured in Gaza since the current conflict began more than three weeks ago , she says , a situation she has described as tragic and unacceptable . "  They are the innocent victims , " she told CNN in Johannesburg , South Africa , before the launch of UNICEF 's annual "  State of the World 's Children " report . Children are particularly vulnerable in Gaza because families are trapped in the conflict areas . "  People can not leave and be a refugee and find safe haven in another country , " she said . Because they can not escape the constant violence , Veneman says , most Gaza kids are severely traumatized . UNICEF is airing radio spots on the Gaza airwaves that advise parents on how to comfort their upset and terrified children . Also , UNICEF has teams on standby to offer psychological support to families . Newborns and pregnant women in Gaza also are a concern , UNICEF says . With hospitals and doctors already battling to cope with the injured , women and their newborns are not getting the medical attention they need . Inadequate medical supplies and severe shortages of food , water , diapers and formula worsen the already dire situation . Power outages also endanger sick babies in neo-natal care .	UNICEF : More than 320 children killed and 1,500 injured since start of conflict Aid body 's chief executive says children bearing brunt of violence Fighting threatening lives of newborn children and their mothers , she says
CNN  -- When Ahmed Ahmed , an Egyptian-American stand-up comic , started doing comedy tours of the Middle East his friends in the U.S. assumed he was performing at military bases . "  They were surprised to learn that I was performing for Arabs , that they understood English and that people actually laughed , " said Ahmed . His frustration at the response from his fellow Americans prompted Ahmed to make a documentary film called "  Just Like Us " about comedy in the Middle East . Ahmed , 40 , said he wanted to challenge the American misconception that Arabs have no sense of humor . The film follows Ahmed and fellow comedians on a tour taking in Egypt , Lebanon , Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates . It charts the rapidly growing popularity of stand-up comedy in the Middle East . "  There 's always been comedy in the Middle East , but in the form of story-telling or one-man shows , not stand-up in the contemporary American sense , " said Ahmed . "  Stand-up comedy is relatively new but evolving quickly and is now happening in most Middle Eastern countries . " Ahmed , who was born in Egypt but moved to California as a baby , began doing comedy shows in the Middle East in 2005 , but started with small , private functions . Although he had regularly visited Egypt as a child , the 2005 tour was the first time in 20 years he had returned to his country of birth . It was while taking part in the "  Axis of Evil Comedy Tour " in 2007 that he first saw large audiences . The shows filmed for "  Just Like Us " had audiences totaling 20,000 people , he said . The theme of the film is that Arab sense of humor is just like that of Americans , although there were some differences in the expectations of audiences . Ahmed said : "  My material in the Middle East is pretty similar to that in the U.S. except for deleting religious or sexually explicit content . The exception is Lebanon where pretty much anything goes . "  We used to be told not to touch Arab politics either , but that 's changed since the Arab Spring and people are now keen to hear about politics . " "  Just Like Us " was filmed last year before the start of the Arab Spring , but Ahmed said the seeds for political change were visible . "  The film was at the cutting edge before the revolution and was pre-emptive of it , " he said . "  A lot of people who attended our shows were the same people who were marching in the streets . " Ahmed also observed differences between audiences in each of the countries he visited . "  Every Middle East country I 've visited had a big sense of humor . It was refreshing and enlightening , " he said . "  We had the biggest laughs in Saudi Arabia because they have the least amount of entertainment . Because they are so entertainment deprived , they are very ready to laugh at anything . " Ahmed added : "  I love performing in Egypt because it feels like a homecoming . It 's my planet . "  Lebanon is another favorite because it 's so open and free . You can say whatever you like . " CNN reported in 2010 that stand-up comedy was doing serious business in the Middle East and that home-grown talent had taken off alongside tours by Western comics . Jamil Abu-Wardeh , a television producer who moved from London to Dubai and helped launch the Axis of Evil Comedy Tour did a TED talk in July 2010 in which he spoke of the "  rise and rise of stand-up comedy in the Middle East . " "  Just Like Us " premiered at the Doha Tribeca Film Festival last year and is currently touring the United States . It won a best documentary award at the Tallahassee Film Festival 2011 and a special mention at Santa Cruz Film Festival 2011 , as well as a host of film official selections . It will be shown in Dallas , Texas on June 24 and in Boston , Massachusetts , and Royal Oak , Michigan , on July 8 . Tickets can be booked here .	"  Just Like Us " follows a comedy tour of Egypt , Lebanon , Saudi Arabia and Dubai Comedian Ahmed Ahmed said he wanted to show Americans how similar Arab humor is to their own Stand-up comedy is relatively new and fast-growing in the Middle East , said Ahmed
CNN  -- A bag from a missing plane carrying a member of the famed Missoni fashion house has been found on the Caribbean island of Curacao , according to U.S. Missoni spokeswoman Angela Mariani . The plane went missing off the coast of Venezuela on January 4 . Aboard were Vittorio Missoni , his wife and four others . Missoni , 58 , is a director of the fashion house , which he runs with his siblings , Luca and Angela . According to Mariani , the bag belonged to an Italian tourist whose plane took off just minutes after the Missoni plane departed . Because there was no room on the tourist 's plane for his bag , it was put on the Missoni plane . The aircraft was traveling from Los Roques , an archipelago and resort , south to Caracas . The bag was discovered by a German tourist on the island of Curacao , about 124 miles west of Los Roques . "  The Missoni family is aware of this news . However , no conclusions can be drawn from this information . The search is continuing in full force , " the family said in an official statement . Although the waters around Curacao have been searched by local authorities , Venezuelan officials will continue the effort . CNN 's Alina Cho contributed to this report .	Small plane carrying Vittorio Missoni , five others vanished January 4 A bag from the plane was found on Caribbean island Officials continue the search off Venezuelan coast
CNN  -- When I learned about the tragic shooting at Sandy Hook elementary school , I wept and mourned like many other Americans . I was also reminded of my own daughter 's death 32 years ago . For those parents , families or friends of victims who want to see less guns fall into the hands of potential shooters , my personal journey may help serve as a path for change . My daughter , Cari , was killed by a multiple repeat offender drunk driver on May 3 , 1980 . Four days later , I started Mothers Against Drunk Driving . I was shocked to learn that over the past decade , approximately 250,000 people were killed in alcohol-related fatal crashes . At that time , public health professionals considered drunk driving to be the No. 1 killer of Americans between the ages of 15 and 24 . Drunk driving seemed like the only socially acceptable form of homicide in this country and the attitude toward perpetrators was benign , if not passive . I also learned that probably nothing would happen to the man who killed my daughter . So I became a grass roots activist . As I found out , grass roots means , "  working outside the system to change the inequities within " and activist means , "  getting the job done . " I started MADD because I was angry over the injustice of the status quo . Over time , my efforts helped incite others to action . You kick a few pebbles , you turn a few stones , and eventually you have an avalanche . My "  kicking a few pebbles " began in my home with the help of my father and a few friends . Within three years , MADD developed into an international organization with almost 400 chapters worldwide , a staff of 50 employees , 2 million members , thousands of volunteers and an annual budget of more than $ 12 million . Initially , we were mothers who lost children , but soon our membership included everyone who believed in our cause . Before long , voices from long forgotten victims who lost loved ones to drunk driving became loud and clear . It was gratifying to realize that many people , given a chance , wanted the same things I did . Our small grass-roots movement grew into a groundswell that radically changed society 's views on drunk driving . Early on , it became clear that I must seek broad and strategic alliances for MADD to be successful . I turned to law enforcement officials , restaurateurs , legislators and civic organizations . It was only by building broad coalitions of such highly influential constituents that MADD , during my tenure , was able to initiate a sweeping change in public attitudes and laws against drunk driving . There is another very important factor that helped our cause : the power of media attention . From 1980 to 1983 , when MADD was very active , some of the biggest reductions in motor vehicle deaths occurred in large part because of the media attention we were able to generate . Jay Winsten , director of the Frank Stanton Center for Health Communication at the Harvard School of Public Health , said in a New York Times article , "  During each high media period , alcohol related fatalities ... fell twice as rapidly as low media periods . " Before MADD , there was little education in the schools about alcohol or impaired driving . The press rarely mentioned alcohol involvement when reporting a crash . Drinking and driving was still legal in many states . Victims of drunk driving had almost no recourse in an apathetic court system more concerned about the rights of the accused . Involvement in the judicial process was discouraged . Victims had no movement to join , little or no legislation to endorse , and no emotional support system where they could share their grief . The advent of MADD changed all that :  Governor 's task forces on drunk driving were formed in almost every state .  At our urging , President Ronald Reagan initiated a Presidential Commission on Drunk Driving , and I was a member .  MADD was the catalyst for SADD , Students Against Drunk Driving , started by my daughter , Serena .  We aggressively lobbied for state and federal legislation that would raise the legal drinking age to 21 , and we pushed for laws that would hold drunk drivers accountable for their crimes .  Between 1981 and 1986 , 729 state laws pertaining to drunk driving were enacted to help reduce alcohol-related traffic fatalities  Most importantly , hundreds of thousands of lives have been saved because of the grass-roots efforts Society no longer considers drunk driving socially acceptable . At long last , in many cases , drunk drivers are being forced to accept responsibility for their heinous acts because a fed up public has had enough . MADD is a good example of how to change society . We did n't give up and neither should those who wish to see a safer world . You can have an impact and you can save lives . That was the least I could do for my daughter . I feel the pain for families of those who died at Sandy Hook . For those who want to do something about gun violence , change is n't easy . What is needed is a grass-roots movement similar to MADD that encompasses all aspects of society . To be effective , it must include all the stakeholders involved and reach a consensus that will make implementation -- whether in laws , increased education or other policy changes -- a given . Ask for a Presidential Commission while the White House is focused on this issue . Do n't take no for an answer . Accept each obstacle as a challenge to be overcome . Engage the media and harness the outpouring and support that is pouring in . People need direction . Leadership is key and MADD had that at the local , state and national level . Develop a strategy that people can follow and provide directions and concrete steps that will guarantee successes and keep people motivated . Do n't lose the momentum , anger and rage . Now is the time to take action . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Candace Lightner .	Candace Lightner : After my daughter was killed by a drunk driver , I started MADD Lightner : MADD radically changed our society 's view toward drunk driving She says those who want to change our gun culture can look to MADD 's strategy Lightner : Engage the media and harness the support that is pouring in
CNN  -- As much as 8 feet of snow has fallen in parts of Japan since Sunday , slowing train travel and forcing automaker Toyota to close down 12 factories . The heavy snow disrupted the bullet train , or Shinkansen , system in central Japan on Sunday and Monday , affecting 67,000 passengers , according to Central Japan Railway . Snow totals on the ground Monday ranged from nearly 3 feet in Shimane Prefecture to 8 feet in Tottori Prefecture , according to CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller . Passengers on the bullet train network also suffered delays Monday due to a problem with a computer control system . The failure disrupted traffic for 75 minutes Monday morning , disrupting bullet trains nationwide for most of Monday morning , according to East Japan Railway . Toyota also had to close 12 factories Monday in Aichi Prefecture as heavy snowfall caused problems getting car parts to the facilities . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	Heavy snowfall in parts of Japan temporarily snarled the country 's bullet train system As much as 8 feet of snow has fallen in parts of the country The storm also forced Toyota to close some factories because parts could n't be delivered
CNN  -- There has been a lot of talk by the right wing recently about the success of Hillary and Bill Clinton since they left the White House . Republicans are denouncing her personal wealth . They 're attacking someone for achieving the American Dream . They 're upset that Bill Clinton is buying American-made watches , manufactured in Detroit , to give to his friends . But here 's the thing about these petty attacks : bottom line , that dog just wo n't hunt . Americans know it because they know the Clintons . We all know Hillary Clinton never stops looking to the future and never stops putting people first . Opinion : It 's about opportunity , stupid : Why Clinton 's comments matter It does n't take much to see these attacks for what they are . Republicans are emphasizing the financial success of the Clintons to diminish Hillary Clinton 's greatest strengths -- particularly her lifelong record fighting for working people and middle-class families . Republicans want us to think , somehow , that Hillary Clinton has not been fighting for all of us for the past four decades . We know better . Hillary Clinton 's entire being -- her lifetime history -- reflects her commitment to ensuring that the ability to get ahead should be determined by hard work , ambition and goals , not by circumstances . In the '70s , Hillary took her first job at the Children 's Defense Fund to advocate for better education and health for children . She worked to expand health care in rural Arkansas , where it was not readily available to all . In the '80s , Hillary co-founded Arkansas Advocates for Children and Families and helped found Arkansas ' first rape hotline . In the '90s , Hillary helped create the State Children 's Health Insurance Program and she helped expand Head Start for low-income working families and provide after-school opportunities for older children . In the early 2000s , Hillary led the charge in the Senate for equal pay for equal work ; she fought to expand health care for National Guard members and reservists ; she secured funding for 9/11 first responders . As Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton tirelessly engaged in diplomacy abroad in an effort to bring jobs to the United States . That 's four decades ' worth of work on behalf of the American people -- a record that should deflate any smoke and mirrors attack by the right wing . Yes , the Clintons have become financially successful -- and they 've used their success to do even more good . Between 2000 and 2007 alone , the Clintons donated over $ 10 million to charity . Hillary Clinton has , on multiple occasions , raised more money for charity in one night than most people do in a lifetime . While the right wing remains focused on making sure the top 1 % of income earners can keep their Bush tax cuts , Hillary Clinton continues her work today to make sure that other people get the chance to live the American Dream that she has experienced . Working hard , reaching for the stars , and then giving back are profoundly American values . The Clintons embody this in all that they do , and Republican attempts to distract from that do n't even cut butter . Americans know -- hands down -- that Hillary Clinton will continue looking to the future , fighting for the middle class , and putting first the lives of all Americans . How Hillary Clinton flubbed the wealth question Opinion : It 's about opportunity , stupid : Why Clinton 's comments matter Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Burns Strider says Republican attacks on the Clintons ' wealth wo n't stick That 's in contrast to Hillary 's lifelong work championing the middle class , he says Strider : Her record should deflate any smoke-and-mirrors attack by the right wing
CNN  -- Before the story sinks beneath the waves , a few more words are in order about the recent selection process for a new chief for the Federal Reserve : It stinks . The chairmanship of the Federal Reserve Bank is probably the second most powerful job in the United States . In combating the financial crisis and the slow recovery , it has often been more important than the presidency . Indeed , many in other countries believe it has become the most important job in the world . Selecting a chairperson is thus a solemn , crucial undertaking . I have only participated once -- during the process when President Reagan decided to reappoint someone first named by his Democratic predecessor , President Carter . Reagan thought long and hard and , putting aside all partisanship , wisely asked Paul Volcker to stay on . Everyone at the White House and in Congress understood how big that decision was . We once chose our Supreme Court nominees with the same degree of deliberation and thoughtfulness on both sides of the aisle . That is , until the debacle of the Bork nomination in 1987 , when the process disintegrated into a partisan brawl . Nominations of justices have been subject to undue political considerations ever since . One can only hope that the selection process for a Fed chair in recent weeks is no precedent for the future . It has been messy , ugly and degrading to the leading candidates and could ultimately diminish the authority of the Federal Reserve itself . I have had the privilege of counting Larry Summers as a colleague and then a friend for more than 30 years ; I have known and respected Janet Yellen for more than a decade and during college was a friend of her husband , George Akerlof , a Nobel Prize winner in economics . Both Summers and Yellen are superbly qualified to lead the Fed . But both were also distinctly uncomfortable with the way the process played out as a political circus , so that whoever won would carry baggage into the job . These are serious people in serious times . They -- and we -- deserve better . To read what was being said about Larry Summers might lead you to believe that he is a Wall Street-loving , Main Street-hating misogynist who chews up colleagues for breakfast . That caricature is wildly unfair . Without rehashing the debate -- and because I am no economist -- let me just suggest a different way to look at him . First and foremost , the past two Democratic presidents , Bill Clinton and Barack Obama , selected Larry Summers as a principal architect of U.S. economic policy and in both cases were extremely grateful for his leadership . CNN Money : Economists react as Summers drops out For Clinton , Summers and Bob Rubin were mainstays in an administration when there was an explosion in jobs and the income of the bottom 20 percent actually rose faster than the top quintile . For Obama , Summers and Tim Geithner -- along with Ben Bernanke -- were the most important players in staving off a depression and helping the economy back on a growth path , albeit slow . In both administrations and in days since , Summers has consistently spoken in favor of closing the opportunity gaps in the country ; that issue goes deep with him . Summers does believe in the power of the marketplace and he respects the U.S. financial industry as one of the nation 's prize assets , a creator of growth and jobs . But he also believes in regulation . As columnist Ed Luce pointed out in the Financial Times on Monday , he wanted to be tougher on banks than many of his colleagues early in the Obama years . The liberal Democrats who have chased him with pitchforks over repeal of Glass-Steagall in 1999 conveniently forget that it passed the House by 362 -- 57 with Democrats voting in favor by 3-1 . Nor do they take any responsibility for doing anything to correct it in the eight years between passage and the economic crisis . Nor do they admit that it had precious little to do with causing the crash . Larry Summers is by no means perfect , but in the din of recent weeks , it has been hard to keep things in perspective . Yes , he was very clumsy in his comments about female scientists while at Harvard -- but he clearly did not mean to say that women are somehow inferior and he apologized repeatedly for his clumsiness . Who would have known from the past few weeks how many women like Sheryl Sandberg have worked for him and are fierce champions for him ? Yes , he can be difficult in interpersonal conversations . He is tough minded and likes to joust intellectually . But is that a disqualification for strong leadership of a major organization ? If so , we would never have heard of Steve Jobs or Jack Welch . One could go on but the point should be clear : This was a terrible process in which injustices have been done . The president and his White House staff obviously bear part of the blame . So do those who have rushed to the barricades , turning out press releases and petitions . The only way it could get worse is for the president , as suggested by the press , to turn away suddenly from Janet Yellen out of annoyance with liberal Democrats or because he feels he has been boxed in . This is a decision that must be made strictly on the merits . Larry Summers had the grace to make the right decision . Now the president must make the right decision in choosing Janet Yellen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen .	Larry Summers has dropped out of contention to head the Federal Reserve David Gergen : Process of filling the crucially important job has been shameful He says Summers ' reputation has been trashed and his merits ignored Gergen : President Obama should now nominate Janet Yellen for the post
Actor Thomas Guiry allegedly head-butted a police officer after he was told he was too drunk to board a flight at Houston 's Bush Intercontinental Airport last weekend , police said Wednesday . Guiry , 31 , faces a felony charge of assault against a public servant in the Saturday incident , according to Houston Police spokesman John Cannon . United Airlines employees called police after they refused to let Guiry board Saturday , Cannon said . The airline workers determined he was too intoxicated to board the flight , but they wanted a police supervisor to decide if he was a candidate for a sobering center instead of being jailed for public intoxication , he said . Guiry became agitated and made repeated threats to the police sergeant after he was told he could go to the sobering center if he was compliant , Cannon said . After the threats , the officer told the actor he was under arrest , he said . Guiry allegedly tried to kick the sergeant in the face as he was placing him under arrest . The head-butting happened as the sergeant tried to restrain him , Cannon said . Guiry was 11 when he made his acting debut in the film "  The Sandlot . " His career as a child actor also included the lead role in a "  Lassie " movie remake in 1994 and "  The Last Home Run " in 1996 . He 's acted in several television series in recent years , including a recent episode of "  Elementary . "	Guiry , 31 , faces a felony charge of assault against a public servant United Airlines employees called police after they refused to let Guiry board Police : Guiry , who workers said was drunk , head-butted cop as he tried to restrain him Guiry 's career as a child actor included the lead role in a 1994 "  Lassie " remake
Freelance journalist James Foley was brutally killed yesterday after being held for 21 months by Islamic militants in Syria . Despite the increasing dangers of working in the region , despite the many journalists who have been kidnapped or are still missing , and despite dreading this news , it has taken us all by surprise and we are deeply , deeply shocked . Freelance journalists , photographers and video journalists have always played a vital role in newsgathering , and their contribution today is more important than ever . They make a crucial contribution to the free flow of information that is an essential part of a democratic society and fully deserve our support and protection . Our Trust works with freelancers on a daily basis -- helping them , helping their families , and sometimes working with them to help other freelancers . And James was one of these . We worked with him , helping him financially as he and his colleagues searched for missing colleagues in Syria . We stayed in touch . James ' kidnap and death is yet another tragic reminder of the very real dangers facing journalists today . Over the past two years , around 70 journalists have been killed covering the conflict in Syria , and a further 20 journalists currently remain missing , including freelancer Austin Tice . The Committee to Protect Journalists say that the last two years have been the most dangerous for journalists on record , with 174 confirmed deaths since 2012 . Not only this , but threats , intimidation , assaults and kidnappings are becoming every day challenges for journalists working around the world . Reuters columnist David Rohde writes : "  Syria today is the scene of the single largest wave of kidnappings in modern journalism , more than in Iraq during the 2000s or Lebanon during the 1980s . " These are terrible facts . So , what of the freelancers ? Who negotiates for them ? Who sends in security consultants to try and get them out ? Who helps their families ? Freelance journalists like James often work alone without the resources and support of large news organizations behind them -- they are always the most vulnerable to these dangers . The Rory Peck Trust has been supporting and assisting freelancers for almost two decades , and we 've never seen a demand for our assistance like this before . It 's not just freelancers travelling to conflict zones who are at risk . The majority of newsgatherers killed each year are journalists working in their own countries . Freelance photographers , fixers and camera operators covering and reporting on conflicts that are affecting their own communities are often the most vulnerable . They 're unable to leave areas when it becomes too dangerous , or when their reporting is exposed , and are frequently threatened , attacked and accused of being traitors for working with international news organizations . Beheading of American journalist James Foley recalls past horrors So , how to protect freelancers ? How to help them work securely ? Our organization gives financial and other practical support to freelancers in trouble . We offer online resources on safety & security for those reporting from dangerous environments , and run a Training Fund that provides bursaries for freelancers to enable them to undergo hostile environments training before travelling to a conflict zone . This training can teach freelancers how to assess risk and spot danger , handle a crisis , support others and give vital first aid . The right training can save lives . Although our focus is specifically on freelancers , we are only one of the many organizations that exist to support journalists worldwide . Committee to Protect Journalists , Reporters Without Borders and IFJ all have security guides that can help freelancers be more prepared in situations of crisis . The International News Safety Institute offers up-to-date information about the security situation on the ground for journalists , and RISC offers vital first-aid training . There 's no question that conflict journalism has always been a dangerous occupation -- and how very wrong that is ! So when we talk about protection , when we talk about security , we are talking about every sector of the news industry , whether news employers , staff or freelancers . In this brutal new world , everyone must be prepared to take responsibility -- for themselves and for others . James Foley was a freelancer in the truest and most honorable sense -- a talented journalist and an exceptional human being . Our thoughts are with his family at this tragic time , and with the families of all other journalists currently being held in Syria .	The Rory Peck Trust works with freelance journalists on a daily basis , including James Foley Tina Carr : Foleys ' death is yet another tragic reminder of the dangers facing journalists today Freelancers often work alone without the support of large news organizations , she writes Carr : Majority of newsgatherers killed each year are journalists working in their own countries
Hefei , China  CNN  -- Gu Kailai , the wife of a recently deposed top official in the Chinese Communist Party , raised no objections to the prosecution 's charges in court Thursday that she and a family aide poisoned a British businessman last year , a court official said . The closely watched trial , which took place Thursday under tight security in the eastern city of Hefei , adjourned in the afternoon without the announcement of a verdict , said Tang Yigan , deputy head of the Hefei Intermediate People 's Court . The hearing phase of the trial is over , and the verdict will be delivered at a later date after deliberations , Tang said , without giving a specific date . Read more : Why the Gu trial is important The trial is the latest phase in the fall from grace of the prominent family of Bo Xilai , Gu 's husband , who until earlier this year had appeared destined to join the elite committee of leaders at the top of China 's ruling party . Gu and a family aide , Zhang Xiaojun , are accused of poisoning Neil Heywood , a 41-year-old British businessman , who was found dead in November in the southwestern Chinese metropolis of Chongqing , the city where Bo was the Communist Party chief . Chinese authorities have said that Gu and her son had "  conflicts " with Heywood "  over economic interests " and that she was motivated to kill the Briton because of fears for her son 's safety . Prosecutors said in court Thursday that Gu and Zhang had invited Heywood to Chongqing from Beijing , according to Tang . The three of them drank alcohol and tea at Heywood 's hotel , as a result of which the Briton got drunk and began vomiting , the prosecutors alleged . When he needed water , Gu gave Zhang some prepared poison that he put in Heywood 's mouth , killing him that night , according to the prosecutors . Gu and Zhang did n't object to the account outlined by the prosecution , Tang said Thursday . Gu 's lawyer made an argument for leniency based on diminished responsibility , he said . Timeline : Bo Xilai 's fall from grace The saga involving Bo and Gu has become the most sensational Chinese political scandal in recent memory , creating an extraordinary set of challenges for the central government as it prepares for a once-in-a-decade leadership transition later this year . In an indication of its sensitivity , the trial is taking place in Hefei , in Anhui province , more than 1,200 kilometers  750 miles  east of Chongqing , where support for Bo and his family remains strong . In a related case , Chinese state media reported Thursday that four top Chongqing policemen will be tried for trying to cover up Heywood 's murder to help Gu . The four -- Guo Weiguo , Li Yang , Wang Pengfei and Wang Zhi -- were charged July 30 and will face trial in Hefei on Friday , Xinhua and CCTV reported . They have been charged with "  acting with partiality and defeating the ends of justice , " the outlets reported . Despite the location of Gu 's trial Thursday , a heavy police presence and pouring rain from a nearby tropical storm , supporters of Bo appeared outside the courthouse in Hefei . Read more : Bo Xilai : From rising star to scandal Plainclothes officials tried to stop the supporters from talking to members of the news media , dragging away at least two of them and putting them into the back of a van . CNN and other members of the international news media were unable to enter the court to observe the trial , but two consular officers from the British Embassy in Beijing were allowed to sit in the court . "  This is definitely more than a criminal trial , " said Wenran Jiang , a professor of political science at the University of Alberta . He added that the process is being closely watched for signs of what might happen to Bo , who is being investigated for "  serious discipline violations " after being removed from his Chongqing and party posts . Gu 's family had wanted to hire two prominent Beijing lawyers to represent her , but Chinese authorities have chosen two local attorneys to form her defense team , a family friend told CNN on Wednesday . The family planned to send one of the attorneys -- along with another well-known Beijing attorney -- into the courtroom as observers , with the approval of the court , said the friend , who asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the case . The cards appear to be stacked against Gu and Zhang , who are at the mercy of a Chinese court system that has been criticized by human rights advocates as being little more than a tool of the country 's politically controlled state security apparatus . China 's Bo Xilai : From rising star to scandal The conviction rate for first - and second-instance criminal trials in China stood at 99.9 % in 2010 , a U.S. State Department report said , citing the Chinese Supreme People 's Court . In other words , out of more than 1 million criminal defendants tried in 2010 , a total of 999 were acquitted . "  In many politically sensitive trials , " the U.S. report added , "  courts handed down guilty verdicts with no deliberation immediately following proceedings . " Gu and Zhang are unlikely to escape such summary justice . Read more : Bo and Gu on trial , in different ways "  In this trial , frankly speaking , nobody believes that it 's a totally independent judiciary and it will be judged just on the merits of the case , " Jiang said . "  It has been managed by the most senior level of leadership at every step . " The defendants have n't seen their relatives since they were arrested in early April , a friend of Gu 's family said last week . Bo has not been seen in public since he was stripped of his titles . When the murder charges were announced last month , Xinhua , the state-run news agency , reported that "  the facts of the two defendants ' crime are clear , and the evidence is irrefutable and substantial . " If convicted , the two could face the death penalty . International media reports have speculated about the nature of Heywood 's work in China and his ties to the Bo family . He had lived in China for more than a decade and was married to a Chinese woman . Among the companies he advised was a consulting firm founded by former officers of the British spy agency MI6 . The couple 's son , Bo Guagua , who Xinhua reported was involved in the "  conflicts " with Heywood , said in an e-mail Tuesday that he had submitted a witness statement to the defense team for his mother . "  I have faith that facts will speak for themselves , " wrote Bo , 24 , who graduated from Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government in May . He previously attended Oxford , graduating in 2010 . His illustrious education is an indication of the influence and ambitions of his family , which is now engulfed by scandal . As the son of Bo Yibo , one the "  eight immortals " of the revolution that created modern China , Bo Xilai was considered a strong contender for promotion into the Standing Committee of the party 's Politburo , whose nine members decide how to run China . Bo and Gu on trial , in different ways He stood out as one of China 's most dynamic and controversial politicians , notably for his populist policies in Chongqing that promoted Chinese Communist culture and aimed to crack down on organized crime . Gu is also descended from a revolutionary hero : Maj. Gen. Gu Jingsheng , a prominent military figure . Fluent in English , she is a lawyer who took a leading role in a legal battle in the United States involving several Chinese firms . She eventually won the lawsuit for the Chinese companies and later wrote a book about it . As well as being involved in her most notable professional triumph , the United States has also played a role in her undoing . The case she is now facing may never have come to light had it not been for an extraordinary series of actions by Wang Lijun , Bo 's longtime lieutenant . Officials had quickly blamed Heywood 's death on excessive alcohol consumption , and his body was cremated without an autopsy . But on February 6 , Wang , the former police chief who had run the anti-crime push in Chongqing that helped to build Bo 's reputation , sought refuge at the U.S. Consulate in nearby Chengdu . He wanted political asylum and apparently feared for his life . Media reports and online posts have claimed that he had clashed with Bo after suggesting that Heywood had been poisoned amid a business dispute with Gu . He gave information about Heywood 's death to U.S. officials before he left the consulate and was taken into custody by Chinese security forces . The British government was made aware of Wang 's comments and made a formal request to Chinese authorities to investigate the case on February 15 . A month later , Xinhua announced that Bo had been removed as party secretary of Chongqing . And less than a month after that , Gu and Zhang were arrested . The case has forced the Communist leadership to confront allegations of wrongdoing by a high-ranking member in an unusually public way , according to Douglas Paal , a top China analyst at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington . "  The disruption of his departure from office and his wife 's crimes have made it difficult to present a facade of unity to their people , " Paal said . That united front has been key to ruling China for 2,000 years , he said . The current generation of leaders has been particularly sensitive to maintaining it since 1989 , when the party hierarchy split over how to deal with the pro-democracy demonstrations in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square . CNN 's Jaime A. Florcruz , Jethro Mullen , Jason Kessler and Matt Smith , and journalist Peter Shadbolt contributed to this report .	NEW : Four policemen are charged with a cover-up and face trial Friday Gu Kailai and a family aide are accused of murdering a British businessman The defendants do n't object to the prosecution 's charges , a court official says Gu 's husband , Bo Xilai , is a former top official who has been stripped of his posts
CNN  -- Silence is golden . Or at least that was the plan . Indie band Vulfpeck hatched a scheme to earn a big payout from Spotify . But they 'd have to be clever ; the music streaming service pays artists less than a penny a play . So , here 's what Vulfpeck did . The band uploaded a 10-song album called "  Sleepify " and asked their fans to stream the album on repeat while they slept , hoping to multiply the royalty rate exponentially . There was even some incentive . The band was going to use the money to pay for a free concert tour and go to the cities that streamed the album the most . Every track is completely silent -- no music at all -- and only about half a minute long . According to the Spotify 's payment plan , each song needs to be listened to for at least 30 seconds to count as an official listen . Cha-ching ! Fans came up big . Vulfpeck racked up about $ 20,000 , according to reports . At the half-a-cent per play rate the band says it gets from the service , that 's 4 million plays . But not so fast , Spotify told the band : The album violated its terms of content . And "  Sleepify " was gone . When contacted , Spotify 's Graham James had little to say . "  Sorry . Not commenting on this one , " he told CNN . There 's no word on whether Vulfpeck will get paid . Such a setback might deter other bands . But not Vulfpeck . It bounced back with a new three-track album called "  Official Statement . " On the first track , " #Hurt , " Keyboardist Jack Stratton spills his guts about the situation . "  The gist of it was that , while they enjoyed ` Sleepify ' and thought it was funny and clever , that it violated their terms of content , " he said . "  So I do n't know what 's going to happen with it -- it 's very uncertain at the moment . And in light of that uncertainly I want to take 30 seconds silence to ponder the uncertainty . " That ushers in the second track , " #Reflect " -- 31 seconds of silence . Sound familiar ? Track three is a 32-second instrumental called "  Parted Sea  Strong Pesach  . " Can lightning strike twice ? We 'll see . But for a repeat , Vulfpeck fans will have to hit repeat , again and again and again ... . CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	Bands make money when someone listens on Spotify Indie band Vulpeck got fans to listen millions of times Spotify says the band violated their rules
CNN  -- Kenya 's bar association is calling for the prosecution of men who publicly strip women because of the way they dress . "  The ongoing brutality that is stripping our women in public for allegedly dressing in an indecent manner must be brought to an end , " Eric Mutua , chairman of the Law Society of Kenya , said in a statement . Mutua urged Keriako Tobiko , director of public prosecutions , to take action and for the national police to form a special unit to patrol areas where these crimes are likely to happen . "  These kinds of actions are not only illegal but immoral by all standards and should never be tolerated or condoned in a civilized society , " Mutua said . In an recent incident , a group of men stripped a woman naked in Nairobi after accusing her of "  indecent " dressing . The attack was captured on video and prompted outrage on social media under the hashtag #mydressmychoice . In footage posted on YouTube and shown on local television , attackers confronted the woman at a bus stop . The men pushed and shoved her , eventually stripping her naked . In the background , attackers yell "  Toa " -- Swahili for "  take it off ! " -- as they tug at her clothes . Kenyans took to the streets of Nairobi on November 17 to protest the attacks . Protesters marched through the capital 's downtown carrying placards that read "  My dress , my choice , " while others donned miniskirts , the same attire the unidentified woman wore when she was attacked . Some men wore dresses to show their support . More iReport photos : #MyDressMyChoice It is not the first time a woman has been undressed for purported indecent dressing in the East African nation , which is a majority Christian . After the videotaped incident , other instances of women getting undressed were reported , including in Mombasa , Kenya 's second-largest city . The issue in not limited to Kenya . Over the years , there have been similar occurrences elsewhere in Africa , including Malawi , Cameroon and Zimbabwe . Kenyan authorities have said they are investigating the incidents . CNN 's Daisy Carrington and Rachel Rodriguez contributed to this report .	"  These kinds of actions are not only illegal but immoral by all standards , " chairman says A video of men stripping a woman in Nairobi went viral this month The attack prompted outrage on social media under the hashtag #mydressmychoice
CNN  -- In January 2010 , a hardcore "  Transformers " fan going by "  gaastra " on a message board for Shout ! Factory  a DVD and CD company "  for the discerning pop culture geek "  asked the simple question , "  What would it take to get the Takara shows a release in America ? " Before long , Shout ! Factory DVD producer Brian Ward was asking fans how much interest they would have in such a release and what they would like to see on it . 18 months later , the first of the "  Takara shows , " known as "  Transformers : Headmasters , " was officially released Tuesday for the first time in the United States . Such is the relationship that geek-friendly companies like Shout ! have with fans that this release has seen the light of day . "  I 'm really excited about it , " said Michael Albert of Bear , Delaware , moderator of Seibertron.com , a "  Transformers " community site that boasts as many as 300,000 page views per day  mostly by fans whose interest in "  Robots in Disguise " goes well beyond one of the biggest box office successes of the year , "  Transformers : Dark of the Moon , " and its predecessors  . "  This is the first time we 've gotten a legitimate release of this Japanese series . You would have to get recordings of them burned onto DVDs , or import them from Australia or Europe , or find a laser-disc player from the 1980s to watch this . " Albert and others from Seibertron.com -- one of many fan sites like tfarchive.com , tformers.com and tfw2005.com -- said that these releases were one of the most sought-after items by fans over the years . The Transformers first became a pop cultural phenomenon in the U.S. in the mid - '80s , based on a pair of toy lines from Japan 's Takara company , Microman and Diaclone . When interest in the characters faded after a very short-lived fourth season of the original "  G1 " animated series , it came full circle with the Japanese producing "  Headmasters , " the first in a series of anime which took the characters in a wild new direction , involving new characters who were able to detach their heads , which were entirely separate characters  the U.S. series only touched on this concept briefly before it ended  . "  It really is interesting to see just how the Japanese and their culture played into a series that for most of us we 've only known as straightforward Autobots vs Decepticons , " said Ward , a "  Transformers " fan himself who has produced all of the Shout ! Factory releases of other series , such as "  G1 " and the 1990s "  Transformers : Beast Wars . " " -LSB- The Takara anime series -RSB- really bends towards a lot of things that Japanese children want to see , " said Albert . "  After ` Headmasters ' is over , the Transformers are not so much sentient robots but having human drivers . From what I understand , Japanese children prefer having human drivers . " Ward pointed out other , more subtle culture differences . "  Where the G1 characters would call Optimus Prime ` optimus ' -- they were pretty casual with their leader -- the Japanese approach it very differently . Optimus Prime will be referred in more of a formal manner , he 'll be ` Commander ' or something among those lines . " "  The Autobots and Decepticons -LSB- in these series -RSB- are , no pun intended a well ordered machine , " he said . "  It 's interesting to watch those characters change culturally . " "  Some major characters die early on , " said Matt Brown of Canton , Michigan , a podcaster at Seibertron.com . "  Later in the series , another major character bites the dust . They do n't mess around . " As with any anime import , there is the eternal debate of "  subbed versus dubbed . " There are some fans who simply do not want to watch subtitles . Kim Manning , head programmer for Adult Swim  which is owned by Time Warner , also owner of CNN  , and one of the top people responsible for what anime series are seen in the United States , said that every effort is made to get dubbed versions . "  I think they 're more likely to reach a more mainstream audience , and we 're always hoping to get a larger audience excited about anime , " she said . "  I think hearing it in your native language allows you to get more absorbed in the action , and to pay more attention to the animation , which is often just gorgeous . " In the case of "  Headmasters " however , the episodes are not dubbed , but have brand-new subtitles . "  We saw the releases that had come out in the U.K. and Australia and saw that the subtitles there were n't entirely accurate , and in some cases did n't make sense , " said Ward . "  It was clear that the folks who had translated did not use English as their first language . We gave it to a really good captioning and subtitling house in L.A. and they did a brilliant job of accurately translating the dialogue and understanding what was being said . We got those scripts approved by Hasbro  owners of ` Transformers '  , and we 're really happy with the outcome . The translation is about as close as one can get to an accurate translation of what 's being said in Japanese . " Dubbed versions of the series are out there , however , including one for Malaysian and Singapore television . "  When we heard them , it really got to a point where it was comical , " Ward explaned . "  The voices were awful . Names would change . Soundwave disappears and is simply replaced by ` New Soundwave . ' It was almost the equivalent of watching a Saturday afternoon martial arts movie dub , and that 's certainly not something we wanted to do with a property as beloved as ` Transformers , ' so we opted out of original dubs and went for brand new subtitles . " Early fan reaction to this was not entirely positive . "  There was a small bit of disappointment that the project could n't secure enough funding to do a brand-new English dub , " said Seibertron.com podcaster Bob King of Ashley , Pennsylvania . "  I kind of share that feeling , but I also know that this is n't going to be a very mainstream release , and for them to spend that much money would be kind of a gamble . I appreciate that they 're staying cautious . " "  People who have not seen it before might be disappointed in the subtitles , but rest assured -LSB- that the existing dubs -RSB- are that horrible , " said Seibertron.com founder Ryan Yzquierdo , from Chicago , Illinois . "  You ca n't actually sit there and watch the dubs , unless you like drinking while watching ` Transformers . ' " Albert said that the Takara series ' legacy extends beyond a mere curiosity : "  The themes are non-Western compared to what Hasbro does now but some of the design aesthetics do play into what we see today . " The other Takara series will be released in the near future as "  The Japanese Collection , " though a production delay has postponed its release for several weeks . Despite those delays and some early hesitation from the subtitle-phobic , Yzquierdo said that most fans are just excited to check the shows out : "  This is something that I never thought I would see released in the States . " Indeed , this is just the latest example of fans communicating directly with companies to make a difference in what material is released to the public . Manning has communicated often with a "  vibrant " community of fans on the Adult Swim message boards . "  We definitely look at what people are talking about online , what people are watching and buying online , too . From that , we 're always looking for shows that we think will appeal to our audience , and then we pass it around the office -- several of us are anime fans , as well , so we make our own focus group . " As for the importance of the release of "  Headmasters " specifically , Ward said , "  It gives -LSB- fans -RSB- something definitive , something approved by Hasbro . Casual fans who just love Transformers will be really surprised by the quality of the show . These were things that were almost , for lack of a better word , lost to American audiences . "	Japan 's "  Transformers : Headmasters " released in U.S. for the first time It 's the latest example of fans influencing what material is seen by the public Japan took U.S. "  Transformers " cartoon in wild new directions The release reignited the anime "  subbed vs. dubbed " debate in some circles
Hong Kong  CNN  During an exhibition in Hong Kong , Lee Ching proudly poses with her top prize winning creation -- a bright green clutch stitched together using an old nylon rice bag and a bottle top . The 31-year-old Lee happily shows off her winning display , telling visitors how much fun she had making the bag with her partner , a local design college student . "  The hardest part was sewing the bottle cap on , " she said . "  I researched different types of bags . Sometimes you need a bigger bag if you want to put more things inside . " Walk around the room and the exhibition is full of discarded items -- wine boxes , CD covers and straws -- now reborn as pen holders , notepads and lamps . In a sense , Lee and the 15 or so people involved with the project have been "  neglected " in one way or another by Hong Kong society , all of these people have struggled to get by because they all have intellectual disabilities . Despite the pride she has for her daughter , Lee 's mother worries about her . "  Her character is too simple and warm . I 'm worried she will get hurt and sometimes she has to be careful about what she says . " People living with Down Syndrome are often stuck with menial jobs . But this exhibition -- run by the local Salvation Army -- gave Lee and others the chance to learn a new skill , partner with a local student to reinvent "  trash " into treasure -- all in an effort to raise disability awareness . In Chinese superstition , people with disabilities have been associated with bad luck -- that the disability was a punishment for the wrongdoings of an ancestor . Many lived in hiding , encountering discrimination and slurs , advocates say . But increasingly , people are finding ways to counter misconceptions and bring people with disabilities into the mainstream . It 's an experience that Heidi Hui , a social work professor at the University of Hong Kong and mother of a daughter with Down Syndrome , knows well . Hui explains that traditionally disabled people are seen as "  an outcast , something -LSB- that is -RSB- no good . " "  There is a Chinese saying that it must be the family who is doing something wrong ... in the older days they were saying that it 's a kind of punishment . " Hui recalled that when she and other parents of children opened their first center for the Down Syndrome Association more than 20 years ago , the windows were broken and they could n't use the elevator because neighbors did n't want them there . The group responded by holding workshops with residents to explain and dispel myths about Down Syndrome . A few years later , the group was finally allowed to use the elevator and the workshops no longer became necessary . Although information about disability is now widely available , some of that stigma exists today . Catrin Anderson is a 15 year-old with cerebral palsy who requires round-the-clock care . She ca n't move but she can see and hear . She often has to deal with strangers talking about her in front of her . Her mother Kim Anderson , originally from Britain , said : "  The difficult thing with Catrin is that if she is in company and people are talking about her , she 's understanding everything they 're saying . " To combat this problem , she made a sign in English and Chinese telling people she can see and hear . For Anderson , the key to change in attitudes is integration . "  That 's maybe what we 're still not doing enough of in Hong Kong , maybe in schools and getting people like Catrin ... out and about in society , because until they 're in society , society is not going to fully understand or appreciate them . " The Census Department estimates that about 10 % of the city 's population has physical or intellectual disabilities , based on on figures from 2014 . At another photo exhibition featuring people with disabilities , Calib Lee , a 19-year-old with Down Syndrome , strikes a Taekwondo pose in his green belt . His father , Peter Lee said he believes attitudes are changing . "  More and more people with disabled child or children , -LSB- the parents -RSB- will take them outside to encounter the whole world , let them learn , let them go to school and not just hide the disabled child or children in Hong Kong . Nowadays , more and more parents love or like to do that . " Frank Freeman photographed Lee and other young people with Down Syndrome as models for his exhibition entitled "  The Purest People . " He photographed young people showing off their hobbies such as acting , dancing and swimming . There have been efforts around the globe to be more inclusive of people with Down Syndrome , including Target ads in the United States featuring child models and a TV ad by British department store , Marks & Spencer 's . Two years ago , Freeman started volunteering with the Down Syndrome Association and realized part of the problem was that people did n't know how to talk to those with the condition and that they were often treated as patients , instead of people . He said that the aim of the exhibition was to show a more playful side of people with Down Syndrome . "  They just want to love and be involved in making people happy , " he said .	Hong Kong exhibits attempt to bring awareness of people with disabilities People with disabilities and advocates counter cultural superstitions
CNN  -- The Obama administration 's Making Home Affordable program was designed to help homeowners like Mark Kollar and Angela Baca-Kollar keep their homes . Mark Kollar and Angela Baca-Kollar took part in the Making Home Affordable program . When the recession hit , the Arizona couple 's income plummeted . They tried everything they could think of to hold on to their house : They drained their savings account , sold their 401  k  , changed jobs . It was n't enough , and foreclosure is set to begin in a week . The Kollars thought they had one last hope : the Making Home Affordable program , which should have reduced their monthly mortgage to affordable payments . In theory , it 'd be a win-win : The Kollars and their two children keep their home , and the nation avoids one more foreclosure . The problem ? The bank has n't been playing along , and the Kollars have no place to turn . "  I do n't want a handout . I want to do the right thing , " Mark Kollar said . "  I thought this was supposed to give us a chance . " A CNN investigation revealed that the Kollars are far from alone . Housing counselors , homeowners and consumer advocates tell endless stories of banks giving homeowners the runaround : declining apparently eligible applicants ; pressuring them into loans they ca n't afford ; placing homes in foreclosure while the owners are being considered for a modified loan ; lenders telling homeowners to waive their legal rights , even though the program prohibits it ; or banks telling homeowners that they have to be in default to qualify , which is n't true . Watch more about how the program has worked so far " According to the Treasury Department 's most recent report , only 230,000 of the up to 4 million eligible homeowners have new mortgages under the program . Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner has told bankers that he 's not happy with the pace . Banks say that it took 90 days to get the program 's rules and procedures and that they 're still training staff members to handle it . The most common complaint from those applying for help : banks losing paperwork or dropping calls while the foreclosure clock is ticking . Watch more on home mortgage problems " Mark Kollar can testify to that . Since receiving his Making Home Affordable offer , he 's spent hours trying to reach someone at his bank who can help . A number of representatives told him that this is his only offer ; accept it or lose his house . After insisting on speaking to a supervisor , he was eventually told to resubmit the documentation he 'd been submitting for months . In return for billions of dollars from the government to help banks recover from bad loans , the banks are supposed to help homeowners make their mortgage payments more affordable . As President Obama said unveiling the program in March , helping "  responsible folks who have been making their payments " because it will "  leave money in their pockets and leave them more secure in their homes . " Under the Making Home Affordable formula , the Kollars ' payment should have been reduced to 31 percent of their $ 3,000-a-month income . The bank 's offer ? A payment of $ 2,892 a month , or 96 percent of their income . Diane Thompson of the National Consumer Law Center says this is n't uncommon . "  We 've seen gross errors of banks putting in wrong income to get ... payments , " she said . Bank of America , which holds the Kollars ' loan , says the offer it made was based on incorrect information from a government-approved housing counselor . Bank of America spokesman Rick Simon said it 's difficult to determine what the Kollars should pay because Mark Kollar recently started a commission-based job , and his monthly income fluctuates . The bank plans to watch his earnings for a few more months before it moves ahead "  with consideration of a trial modification offer . " Simon said the bank is offering the Kollars a temporary new mortgage payment while it watches their earnings . "  Bank of America is committed to the success of the Making Home Affordable program and helping homeowners avoid foreclosure whenever a borrower has the ability to make a reasonable mortgage payment , " Simon said . By one measure , the Kollars are more fortunate than others in the same predicament ; the bank has n't sold their house out from under them . Beth Goodell , a lawyer with the nonprofit Community Legal Services of Philadelphia , says she 's seen that happen . "  Its outrageous , " said Goodell , who represents low-income families in foreclosure . "  It has to be clearer that foreclosure should stop altogether while people are being considered . " She says the only outlet for these homeowners is the courts . An official with the Treasury Department said that "  in all identified instances where loans have been denied to eligible borrowers , the administration has worked with servicers to correct the problem and provide modifications . " And Michael Barr , the Treasury Department 's assistant secretary for financial institutions , says the program is "  off to a strong start . " He admits that "  servicer performance has been uneven " but believes that the lenders are on track to make improvements . And he vows that the administration "  will hold these institutions accountable for their progress . " But Goodell has seen plenty go wrong , and she said , "  There 's not adequate recourse . " Frustrated with the bank , Angela Baca-Kollar called the Obama administration 's helpline , 1-888-995-HOPE , but the representative told her that the hot line "  ca n't strong-arm the bank " and urged her to call a government-approved housing counselor . The Kollars had been working with such a counselor for months . "  There is nowhere to go , " Angela Baca-Kollar said .	CNN told numerous stories of banks giving homeowners the runaround Making Home Affordable program set up by Obama administration Treasury : 230,000 of 4 million eligible homeowners have mortgages under program
CNN  -- Thailand is bracing for a critical showdown , as anti-government protesters vow to occupy key Bangkok locations for a month beginning Monday , in a massive show of political might intended to shut down the capital and force an end to the political deadlock gripping the nation . 1 . Why are the protesters demonstrating ? Since the government 's botched attempt to pass a controversial amnesty bill in November , protesters have been taking to the streets and occupying government buildings , calling for an end to the elected government of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra . They accuse Yingluck of being a puppet of her brother , the ousted prime minister and telecommunications billionaire Thaksin Shinawatra , who was overthrown in a 2006 military coup . In response to the crisis , Yingluck dissolved parliament on December 9 , calling new elections to be held on February 2 . But the move failed to mollify protesters , with the opposition Democrat Party , closely aligned with the protest movement , announcing a boycott of the vote . Led by Suthep Thaugsuban , a former deputy prime minister and Democrat MP who resigned his parliamentary seat in November to spearhead the protests , the demonstrators are demanding that no elections be held until major political reforms are implemented . 2 . Why are the opposition refusing to participate in the polls ? Protesters contend that Thaksin 's immense fortune has allowed him to warp Thailand 's fragile democracy in his own interests , giving him an unfair advantage and making substantial reform necessary . . Suthep has outlined his preferred vision for the current government to be replaced by an unelected "  people 's council , " made up of representatives from various professions and led by a prime minister appointed by the Thai king . The council would be charged with implementing a wide-ranging program of reform , including restructuring the police force and decentralizing power to provincial governors . But observers say that the Democrats would be unlikely to win anyway against Yingluck 's Pheu Thai party , which commands significant support in the populous rural areas of north and northeast of Thailand . Thaksin-affiliated parties have consistently triumphed in parliamentary elections since 2001 . 3 . How ugly are Monday 's protests likely to get ? The specter of the 2010 crisis , when a crackdown by security forces on pro-Thaksin "  red shirt " protesters occupying upscale parts of Bangkok left about 90 dead , looms large over the current impasse . But despite the high tensions , the recent protests have been largely peaceful , with eight deaths in contrast to the bloodshed of 2010 . Back then , the protesters immobilizing Bangkok were supporters of Thaksin ; this time , they are opponents of the tycoon and his sister . The pro-Thaksin "  red shirts " remain players in the current crisis , however , with rallies in support of Yingluck 's government scheduled to be held around the country this weekend . Organizers have told state media they will not protest near the anti-government demonstrations Monday ; similarly , Suthep has similarly promised the anti-government protesters will be peaceful , assuring Thai state media the demonstrators will be non-violent , unarmed and restricted to seven locations in the capital . Nevertheless , the U.S. Embassy has issued an advisory to its citizens to avoid demonstration areas , warning that while recent protests had been generally calm , they had the potential to "  escalate into violence without warning . " "  Most of the protestors will be peaceful , " said Bangkok Post political columnist Voranai Vanijaka . "  It 's the few in the militant wing that we have to watch out for . " The U.S. and other Thai allies have been urging the country to resolve the deadlock by proceeding with democratic elections . 4 . How much support remains for Suthep ? After months of political instability , Thais are growing weary of the impasse , says Vanijaka . "  The support for Suthep is waning ... because many have begun to see that this is a road that leads to nowhere except for achieving changes through intimidation and violence , and possibly a military or judicial coup , " he said . Nevertheless , he said , Suthep still drew strong support from his political base , broadly drawn from Bangkok 's middle classes and members of the old establishment threatened by Thaksin 's rise . "  Suthep can still command a large number in the streets , " he said . 5 . Where 's the military in all this ? Observers are watching keenly as to whether Thailand 's military , which dislodged Thaksin from office in 2006 and has launched more than a dozen coups or attempted coups during the country 's democratic era , will play a similarly decisive role in breaking the current deadlock . The army has thus far declared itself neutral in the conflict , and has proven reluctant to assist in defending government agencies from protesters . 6 . What triggered the current crisis ? Yingluck 's prime ministership was largely stable until her party attempted to pass a controversial amnesty bill in November . The bill would have nullified Thaksin 's corruption conviction , allowing him to return to the country . The tycoon has been living in exile in a number of different locations , most recently Dubai , while continuing to play an active role in Thai politics , since being sentenced in absentia to two years jail over a controversial land deal in 2008 . 7 . How is the crisis impacting Thailand 's economy ? The Thai economy is already feeling the effects of months of turmoil since November , said Capital Economics economist Krystal Tan , with the tourism sector suffering and significant investments in infrastructure projects deferred . While Thailand , southeast Asia 's largest economy , had rebounded well economically from crises in 2006 and 2010 , the picture was less rosy this time . "  The difference this time around is the economy was n't in good shape even before the crisis , " said Tan . "  Thailand has very high household debt ; exports are not quite picking up . " "  The longer the impasse lasts , the worse it is for the economy , " she said . CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Anti-government protesters plan to occupy key areas to "  shut down " the Thai capital They hope to break the political deadlock gripping the country ; force Yingluck 's government from office Protesters allege Yingluck is a puppet of her brother , former PM Thaksin Observers say some Thais are growing wearing of the protests months into the political crisis
CNN  -- How much would it cost to save tigers from extinction in the wild ? Thirty-five million more dollars a year . Some perspective on this amount : Thirty-five million dollars is less than soccer star David Beckham earns annually . Surely , a world that sustains great athletes with princely sums can also afford to save this princely beast . It 's zero hour for tigers . In the past century , the world 's wild tiger population has fallen by a staggering 97 percent -- from an estimated 100,000 to an all-time low of 3,200 animals . Of these , only 1,000 are breeding females . Tigers are threatened across their entire range , from India to the Russian Far East . They face a triple threat : Poachers kill them for their pelts and body parts , hunters kill their prey , and development encroaches on their habitat . Tiger extinction would be the stuff of great tragedy . But hopes for averting such disaster may emerge from a summit happening this week in St. Petersburg , Russia . Called together by Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , conservationists , donors and leaders of all 13 tiger range states may decide the fate of tigers in the wild . The Wildlife Conservation Society and its partners in big cat conservation have devised a strategy that offers the summit a practical plan of action to reverse the decline of tigers and put the population on a course for recovery .  This is where the $ 35 million comes in ; more on that in a moment . This fall , the Wildlife Conservation Society published a peer-reviewed study identifying 42 "  source sites " across the natural range of tigers in Asia , where viable populations of breeding tigers now exist . The paper was co-authored by conservationists from organizations including the International Union for Conservation of Nature , the Global Environment Facility , Panthera , the World Bank and numerous other partners . The study suggests that managing and financing activities like law enforcement and training in these breeding areas will protect tiger populations and allow them to repopulate larger landscapes . Implementing this plan would be straightforward . Instead of spreading conservation efforts thinly across large landscapes , the focus would shift to source sites . These are where 70 percent of the world 's tigers live in just 6 percent of their current range . For example , there are 18 source sites in India , eight in Indonesia , six in Russia , three in both Malaysia and Nepal , two in Thailand and one in both Laos and Bangladesh . Protecting these sites would halt the decline in tigers and allow populations to recover . Can it be done ? In fact , something similar is being done in southwest India in one of the most densely populated places on earth . In the Western Ghats of Karnataka sits Nagarahole National Park , where the Wildlife Conservation Society , the Indian government and local communities have worked together for 20 years , joining first-rate science to public action . Trained enforcement teams have deployed to protect both tigers and their prey from such threats as poaching and habitat loss . Voluntary resettlement to shift people away from protected areas and the cooperation of those who live in local villages have meant a 400 percent increase in tiger numbers from fewer than 20 to nearly 70 . Evidence of range state commitment to the strategy on the table at the summit is clear . More than half the $ 82 million that would be required for the effort each year is already committed by governments , international donors and non-governmental organizations . But there is still a $ 35 million annual shortfall , and this is all that stands between the tiger and its two possible futures : extinction or robust survival across Asia . The hopes and risks could not be clearer at the St. Petersburg summit . Putin and other world leaders can leave a great legacy . In our collective role as stewards of our planet , we can not fail . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steven Sanderson and the Wildlife Conservation Society .	Steven Sanderson of Wildlife Conservation Society says tiger population has plummeted A summit in Russia with conservationists , nation leaders could set tiger 's fate , he says Society has proposed an $ 82 million plan at summit to stop decline , boost recovery , he says Sanderson : Plan still short of financial target ; leaders must not fail as stewards of planet
CNN  -- Robin Thicke 's new album "  Paula " is inspired by his estranged wife Paula Patton , but he has n't seen the woman herself in months . That 's what the singer told New York radio station Hot 97 on Tuesday , assuring the station 's morning show co-hosts that his breakup is n't just PR . "  I try to keep most of that private , but I have n't seen her for four months , " Thicke said . "  I still had so much I wanted to apologize for and things I wanted to take responsibility for , that 's pretty much what the album 's about . ... The album is exactly what happens when you lose the love of your life and you 're trying to figure it out in your head : ` How am I going to move on , get through it all ? ' " The 37-year-old singer is the first to admit that he 's unsure if he 's going about that in the right way . "  I actually have no idea what I 'm doing , " he told "  Good Morning America " Tuesday . "  I 'm just kind of flying by the seat of my pants on this one . I just wanted to make something artistic out of a very difficult period . " Thicke and his actress wife have known each other and dated since they were teens , eventually tying the knot in 2005 . Yet in February , the couple announced that they 'd mutually decided to separate and co-parent their 4-year-old son , Julian Fuego . It seems Thicke has been obsessed ever since with wooing 38-year-old Patton , making public apologies , writing songs like "  Get Her Back , " and filming an uncomfortably intimate music video that has become the gold standard of over-sharing . Some said the breakup was due to Thicke 's rumored infidelity , and while the singer did n't divulge details on Tuesday , he did confess to being dishonest . "  I 'm a man . I messed up , and I had to lie for awhile , " Thicke told Hot 97 . "  And then I stopped lying . And that was actually good for me , because I was tired of lying . So this whole album is me revealing everything . " But is Paula Patton listening ? Does n't sound like it . "  She has n't heard  ` Paula '  , " Thicke said of his estranged wife . "  She 's only heard a few songs , and I do n't think she wants to hear it right now . I ca n't speak for her , but space is an important part of any healing process . " #AskThicke backfires big time on Robin Thicke Robin Thicke is still trying to get Paula Patton back	Robin Thicke says he has n't seen wife Paula Patton in four months The couple announced their breakup in February His new album "  Paula " in inspired by Patton
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota  CNN  -- The first caller to reach 911 reported -- in a calm voice that gave no hint to the calamity that awaited -- "  a bridge down over the river . " Hours after Wednesday 's collapse , rescuers searched for victims in crumpled cars . Four minutes later , just before 7 p.m. Wednesday , Sgt. Ed Nelson , 55 , and two fellow police officers were among the first to arrive at the south side of the Interstate 35W bridge that rose 60 feet above the Mississippi River . "  I do n't think anybody quite expected the scene we encountered , " he said at a news conference featuring first responders . "  It was utter chaos at that time -- bridge smoking , dust in the air . ... We knew it was a bad , very bad situation . " The trio wasted no time . They split up , leaving one officer on the road to direct arriving first responders while Nelson and a fellow officer ditched their gunbelts and their radios and clambered aboard a span of the bridge that had tumbled to the river , carrying a still-undetermined number of vehicles and people with it . With some people still in their cars , some on the fallen bridge span and some in the water , the men sprang into action . "  You forget about everything else , " said Nelson , a former soldier who has been a police officer for 25 years , 20 of them with the Minneapolis Police Department . "  You understand that you have a job to do and it 's time to get down to business and do that job . " The first vehicle they came across was submerged and crushed , he said . "  We asked a man if he saw anybody get out of that vehicle , and he said , ` That was me , ' " Nelson said . As the officers crawled on a beam , the span "  seemed to shift , " and they could hear rivets popping amid victims ' cries for help , Nelson said . "  We were forced to make a decision : Do we stand back and watch , or do we take action ? " he said . "  It 's not a place that I would care to go again , but you take a calculated risk and you do your job . " Within a few minutes , fire and rescue officers were helping the men . Three victims with possible back injuries were placed on boards and carried to safety . "  Basically , we just told them to be calm , " Nelson said . "  A couple of girls were somewhat hysterical . They could n't understand how they got to that point . I just explained to them that they fell . They seemed somewhat amazed by that fact . " Nelson said he told them , "  It 's not the fall that hurts you -- it 's the sudden stop at the end . They found that amusing , and it calmed them down . " Only after the police officers had made sure everyone was off the span did the impact of the work hit home . "  When you 're doing it , emotion does n't enter into it , " Nelson said . "  You understand fully that these people are depending on you , and you have a job to do . And that 's what you do . " But , he added , "  12 hours later , you look at the bridge and you go : ' I have n't a clue why I was under that . ' " Much of the rescue work was achieved only after overcoming logistical barriers . About 10 minutes after the collapse , John Hick of the Hennepin County Medical Center was one of the first doctors to arrive at the south side of the wreckage site . But , unable to reach victims from there , he crossed to the north side of the site , where he helped other first responders carry people from the water . The tough terrain on the riverbank made getting ambulances to the victims tough , so the first responders commandeered pickup trucks to ferry 55 victims from the water 's edge , Hick said . As Nelson and Hick were toiling , firefighter and diver Shanna Hanson arrived on the north side , where , with just a rope tied around her waist , she dove repeatedly into the water , searching vehicles for possible survivors . Though such work -- swift-water rescue -- can be extremely dangerous , "  you do n't think about it much until afterward , " she said , noting that she focused Wednesday on staying away from live wires and "  widow makers " -- overhangs that could collapse at any time , killing anyone below . But the work went smoothly , aided by years of having participated in disaster drills , said the diver , who has been a member of the Minneapolis Fire Department since 1991 . "  It was not frantic ; it was pretty organized . " One of the most difficult parts of the entire operation had nothing to do with rescue work . Instead , it involved breaking the time-honored tradition shared by many firefighters of shunning the public spotlight . "  The media part of it is very difficult for us , " Hanson told reporters , before ending the news conference abruptly . E-mail to a friend	Sgt. Ed Nelson , 55 , and two fellow police officers were among first to arrive Nelson : "  It was utter chaos at that time -- bridge smoking , dust in the air " Nelson and another officer climbed on top of a piece of broken bridge "  You take a calculated risk and you do your job , " he said
FORT CAMPBELL , Kentucky  CNN  -- The 101st Airborne 's senior commander in effect ordered his soldiers Wednesday not to commit suicide , a plea that came after 11 suicides since January 1 , two of them in the past week . An Army honor guard stands ready to fire a salute at Fort Campbell . "  If you do n't remember anything else I say in the next five or 10 minutes , remember this -- suicidal behavior in the 101st on Fort Campbell is bad , " Brig. Gen. Stephen J. Townsend told his forces . "  It 's bad for soldiers , it 's bad for families , bad for your units , bad for this division and our army and our country and it 's got to stop now . Suicides on Fort Campbell have to stop now . " Fort Campbell 's suicide rate , the highest in the Army , "  is not a good statistic , " he said in remarks to one of four divisions he addressed during the day . After nearly one soldier per week committed suicide at the post between January and mid-March , the Army instituted a suicide prevention program that "  seemed to be having good effects " until last week , when two more suicides occurred , he said . "  Suicide is a permanent solution to what is only a temporary problem , " Townsend said . "  Screaming Eagles do n't quit . No matter how bad your problem seems today , trust me , it 's not the end of the world . It will be better tomorrow . Do n't take away your tomorrow . " He urged anyone feeling hopeless or suicidal to "  tell somebody . " "  You would n't hesitate to seek medical attention for a physical injury or wound ; do n't hesitate to seek medical attention for a psychological injury . " Townsend exhorted any soldier who suspects that a fellow soldier may be feeling suicidal to act -- first by asking how the soldier feels , then by escorting him or her to help . "  Do not wait , " he said . Soldiers can turn to their leaders , chaplains , medics , social workers , teammates , family and friends , he said . "  Do n't let yourself , your buddies or your families down , " he said , ending his comments by repeating , "  This has got to stop , soldiers . It 's got to stop now . Have a great week . " But Townsend 's message -- called a Second Suicide Stand-Down event -- is likely to be ineffective , said Dr. Mark Kaplan , a professor of community health at Portland State University in Oregon , who has researched veterans ' suicide and served last year on a Veterans Administration blue-ribbon panel on suicide risk . "  It sounds like an order , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  I 'm not sure that a command like this is going to alter the course of somebody who is on a trajectory of self-harm . " He suggested the Army might want to adopt the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs model . "  They 're dealing with a comparable problem with a similar population , " Kaplan said . "  They have infused more sensitivity to their approach to suicide prevention as opposed to this . This is like any other order . " The military culture attaches a stigma to mental illness that needs to be reduced , he said . Soldiers who acknowledge they are considering suicide can suffer severe repercussions , such as losing opportunities for promotion and access to firearms , he said . If the Army is serious about addressing the problem , it needs to address the stressors common to soldiers , including financial problems , marital problems , frequency of deployments , length of deployments , deployments to hostile environments , exposure to extreme stress and service-related injuries , he said . The role of alcohol too must be addressed if the rate of suicide is to be lowered , he said . "  More often than not , these are individuals who 'll get liquored up , so to speak , and have access to a gun and die from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , " Kaplan said . Bill Lichtenstein , who serves on the board of the Rosalynn Carter Fellowships for Mental Health Journalism , the advisory council of the Center for the Advancement of Children 's Mental Health at Columbia University , and on the advisory board of Families for Depression Awareness , was equally unimpressed with Townsend 's tack . "  It 's the equivalent of ` Just Say No ' to prevent drug abuse , ' " he told CNN in a telephone interview . Screening techniques that involve a series of questions are available to identify people at risk for suicide , he said . "  Prominent among them , if not the most important question is : Have you made a plan for suicide ? Using a simple battery of questions , you can suss out people who might be at risk , which is far more important than telling somebody , ` Do n't take your life , ' " Lichtenstein said . The problem is not limited to Fort Campbell . The Army has reported 64 potential active-duty suicides this year ; 35 have been confirmed as suicides , and 29 are pending determination of manner of death . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this story .	Brig. Gen. Stephen J. Townsend spoke to troops about suicide problem Do n't hesitate to seek medical attention for a psychological injury , he says Suicide bad for soldiers , families , units , army , country , says general Fort Campbell 's suicide rate , highest in Army , "  is not a good statistic , " says general
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A man in an Afghan police uniform opened fire on NATO troops in Afghanistan , killing one , NATO said , in what seems to be the latest of dozens of cases of Afghan security forces turning their weapons on international troops who are supposed to be their allies . An Albanian soldier was killed , and three other troops were injured , including two Albanians and an American , according to the provincial government in Kandahar , where the shooting took place . The violence resulted from an argument between Afghan police and coalition soldiers who were distributing paperwork to students in the area , the Kandahar media office said . An arrest was made and the incident was being investigated , the media office said . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force released a short statement confirming the shooting and the death without giving the nationality of the soldier or any other details . There have been at least 42 attacks by Afghan security forces on their international allies in the past five years , a top U.S. lawmaker said earlier this month . Most attackers were acting on their own , rather than being puppets of insurgent groups , defense officials testified before the House Armed Services Committee . France suspended its operations in Afghanistan this year after two such incidents left six French troops dead . U.S. Rep. Buck McKeon , a California Republican who chairs the Armed Services Committee , detailed at least 42 attackers , all members of the Afghan National Security Force , between 2007 and 2011 . The panel heard testimony from defense officials who laid out delicate issues pertaining to Afghan security forces , among them the vetting of Afghans brought onto coalition bases to provide security . The defense officials said that in 58 % of cases , the attackers acted on their own accord , perhaps over a personal dispute . Such disputes can arise from cultural misunderstanding , religious and ideological friction or combat stress , said Brig. Gen. Stephen Townsend , director of the Pakistan/Afghanistan Coordination Cell in the Joint Chiefs of Staff office . He said cultural training has been vital for U.S. soldiers , and now the Afghans are considering doing the same in providing better understanding of Americans . Another group of perpetrators involved insurgents who were able to pass themselves off as Afghan soldiers and infiltrate bases . The incidents represent a fraction of the total coalition deaths in the war but are are extremely damaging , fueling a mutual distrust in a critical moment in Afghanistan 's transition , the experts said . The NATO-led military coalition is attempting to help transition local forces to take over security in war-ravaged Afghanistan as foreign troop levels fall . President Barack Obama has announced a U.S. withdrawal in 2014 . France suspended its operations after four French soldiers were killed by Afghan counterparts in eastern Kapisa province in January . That shooting followed an incident in December where another Afghan soldier killed two French soldiers . "  The French army is not in Afghanistan to be shot at by Afghan soldiers , " French President Nicolas Sarkozy said after the shootings . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai contributed to this report .	Three other ISAF soldiers were wounded in the shooting A U.S. congressional panel recently addressed this issue Similar shootings have angered France
CNN  -- The president of Florida A&M University said the college is canceling its summer band camp program and suspending all clubs as the school continues to deal with the fallout from the suspected hazing death of a marching band student . "  Our top priority is the health , safety and well being of students , " said FAMU President James Ammons on Tuesday . "  We are convening a panel of experts and outstanding thinkers to provide advice and recommendations on the operation of student organizations . Before we enter into a new student intake process , we should have the benefit of the work coming from the committees and the investigations . " The move comes weeks after four members of the university 's fabled Marching 100 band were arrested on hazing-related charges . Those charges are unrelated to the suspected hazing-related death of drum major Robert Champion in November . FAMU police arrested three of the students January 16 ; the fourth turned himself in the next morning , said Sharon Saunders , the FAMU spokeswoman . The students -- Hakeem Birch , Brandon Benson , Anthony Mingo and Denise Bailey -- are accused of hazing five Marching 100 band members who wanted to join a group in the clarinet section known as the "  Clones . " The five told police they were made to line up according to height at the start of each meeting . Then they were punched , slapped and paddled , according to the arrest warrant . One of the students , who quit the pledging process after the first meeting , took a digital photo of the bruising on her body . First established in 1990 , the band camp has offered scholarships for aspiring musicians at high schools across the region . Following news of its cancellation , Twitter was abuzz with comments . "  The Marching 100 will weather this storm ; it is up to the current members and the alumni to make it through , " wrote Kimberly D. Evans , listed as Superior92Diva . "  Proud Alumni Famu Marching ' 100 ' member will always love my band family , " added Errol V Mizell Sr. . Champion 's death prompted FAMU 's board of trustees to approve a three-part plan to tackle the issue of hazing on campus . The plan includes an independent panel of experts to investigate . Champion , 26 , collapsed in Orlando on a bus carrying members of the band after a November football game that included a halftime performance by the group . Christopher Chestnut , a lawyer for Champion 's family , has charged that Champion died after receiving "  some dramatic blows , perhaps  having an  elevated heart rate " tied to "  a hazing ritual " that took place on the bus . Some band members have said Champion died after taking part in a rite of passage called "  crossing Bus C. " One member , who spoke on condition of anonymity , explained that students "  walk from the front of the bus to the back of the bus backward while the bus is full of other band members , and you get beaten until you get to the back . " No one has been charged in Champion 's death ; the Florida Department of Law Enforcement and the Orange County Sheriff 's Office are investigating the case . The Florida Department of Law Enforcement also launched a separate investigation into band employees , who were allegedly engaged in financial fraud . The medical examiner 's office has said Champion "  collapsed and died within an hour of a hazing incident during which he suffered multiple blunt trauma blows to his body . " Ammons said in the Tuesday statement that he suspended the summer band camp because of the ongoing investigation into Champion 's death and other band-related hazing incidents . "  I totally support this effort , " said Breyon Love , president of FAMU Student Government Association . "  This issue of hazing has had a far-reaching impact on the university and I believe that we need to pause for a moment to make sure that all of our students are ready to seriously move in a direction which will result in a complete culture change . " CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	` Our top priority is ... health , safety , " university president says The action comes after the November hazing death of Robert Champion Also four students were arrested in an unrelated band hazing incident The college is looking into how best to address hazing problems
New York  CNN  -- Fareed Zakaria , the CNN host and Newsweek columnist , has returned a prestigious prize to the Anti-Defamation League , another rebuke for the esteemed civil rights group 's opposition to an Islamic center near ground zero . Zakaria , who received the ADL 's Hubert Humphrey First Amendment Freedoms Prize five years ago , gave back the honor to ADL for publicly siding "  with those urging the relocation " of the center , which would be located near the site of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . "  I can not in good conscience hold onto the award or the honorarium that came with it and am returning both , " he said . It is the latest in a wave of stinging criticism toward the Jewish organization 's position from a range of people and groups , including those in the Jewish community , and the ADL said it was "  saddened and stunned " by Zakaria 's decision . The ADL , which exists to fight discrimination , especially anti-Semitism , has said the center 's backers had "  every right to build at this site " and that "  the bigotry some have expressed in attacking them is unfair , and wrong . But at the same time , it said "  that building the center at the site will cause some victims more pain -- unnecessarily -- and that is not right . "  m In a letter dated Friday to ADL National Director Abraham H. Foxman , Zakaria explained that he had been "  delighted and moved " to be picked for the award "  because of the high esteem " he had for the ADL . "  I have always been impressed by the fact that your mission is broad -- ` to put an end forever to unjust and unfair discrimination against and ridicule of any sect or body of citizens ' -- and you have interpreted it broadly over the decades . You have fought discrimination against all religions , races , and creeds and have built a well-deserved reputation , " Zakaria said . That 's why , he said , he was "  stunned " that the ADL used its "  immense prestige to take a side that is utterly opposed " to its own "  animating purpose . " He said the group 's statements that it "  must honor the feelings of victims even if irrational or bigoted , made matters worse . " Zakaria said he hopes his move will complement those who are urging the ADL "  to reconsider and reverse " its stance . "  This decision will haunt the ADL for years if not decades to come . Whether or not the center is built , what is at stake here is the integrity of the ADL and its fidelity to its mission . Admitting an error is a small price to pay to regain your reputation , " he said . Foxman responded with a letter to Zakaria , saying he 's "  not only saddened but stunned and somewhat speechless by your decision . " "  As someone I greatly respect for engaging in discussion and dialogue with an open mind , I would have expected you to reach out to me before coming to judgment , " Foxman said . Foxman reiterated that the group is n't opposing the right for an Islamic center or a mosque to be built and that it has and will continue to stand up for Muslims and others who are "  targets of racism and bigotry . " "  What we did was to make an appeal based solely on the issues of location and sensitivity . If the stated goal was to advance reconciliation and understanding , we believe taking into consideration the feelings of many victims and their families , of first responders and many New Yorkers , who are not bigots but still feel the pain of 9/11 , would go a long way to achieving that reconciliation , " Foxman said . Foxman told Zakaria in his letter that he 's holding onto his award and check "  in hope that you will come to see that ADL acted appropriately and you will want to reclaim them . " The ADL this week said it wo n't fight the building of the center after New York City 's Landmarks Preservation Commission eliminated a hurdle to the construction of the Islamic center two blocks north of the site of the attacks on the World Trade Center . The commission denied landmark status for the building already at the site , moving the center one step closer to reality . The existing building is owned by the Cordoba Initiative , a Muslim outreach group , and already serves as a site where prayer services are held . "  We raised an issue ... but once the community board ruled , we move on , " Foxman told CNN on Wednesday . The Cordoba Initiative wants to demolish the existing structure and build a "  $ 100 million , 13-story community center with Islamic , interfaith and secular programming , similar to the 92nd Street Y , " its website says , referring to the cultural institution on the upper east side of Manhattan . The project calls for a mosque , a performing arts center , gym , swimming pool and other public spaces . On Wednesday , Foxman , a Holocaust survivor , compared the ground zero controversy to the battle over building a convent near the Nazi concentration camp at Auschwitz . "  We 're not challenging rights . We 're asking , is this the right thing to do ? " he said Wednesday . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Zakaria returns an ADL award over Islamic center stance ADL says it 's "  shocked and saddened " by the move The center would have interfaith programs
London 's Metropolitan Police have opened investigations into the deaths of three young boys , a probe that is tied to "  allegations of serious and organized sexual abuse , " it announced Thursday . In a statement , detectives involved in Operation Midland , an investigation launched last month into sexual abuse dating back more than 30 years ago , pleaded for the public 's help in tracking down victims , witnesses and assailants . "  Today I want to appeal directly to those other young boys , now men , who were also subject to abuse at the hands of these men , " Detective Superintendent Kenny McDonald said . "  I believe that there were other boys who were abused , or who were present whilst the abuse took place . " In addition to sex abuse , McDonald said that his team "  is also investigating the possible murder of three young boys . " "  Our work is ongoing , and we are examining reports of missing people from that time , " he added . "  To date , we have not recovered any bodies . " The abuse is believed to have taken place over at least a decade , at various locations across London and the counties surrounding the capital , including military premises , the police statement said . One site for the alleged abuse is the Dolphin Square estate , an apartment complex in Pimlico , central London . "  One witness , known as Nick  not his real name  has spoken to us . He has said he was abused from the age of seven until he was 16 , from 1975-1984 , " said McDonald . "  Some of the abuse took place at a flat on the Dolphin Square estate . However I ca n't rule out this was the only flat used . " Nick has told police how a car would be sent to collect him and drive him to the apartment in Dolphin Square , McDonald said . "  The abuse he has detailed that he was subjected to was carried out by a man on his own , a group of men , or during what have been described as ` parties , ' " the officer said . Police want to speak to anyone who lived in the area from the early 1970s onwards and may have seen something that they now realize could be significant to this investigation , McDonald said . Detectives are in touch with the families of two boys , one who disappeared in 1979 and another who vanished and then was found murdered in 1981 , but it is not yet possible to say if those two cases are linked to the current investigation , he added .	Police are investigating the possible murder of three boys and claims of sexual abuse The abuse is believed to have taken place at locations in central London and elsewhere Detective appeals for other boys , now men , who were abused to come forward The abuse allegations date back to the 1970s and 1980s , police say
CNN  -- In my line of work I get to meet a lot of talented developers , entrepreneurs and people who are just plain passionate about technology and Africa . These people tell me their story , pitch me their start-ups and sometimes show me how they intend to change the world . I like it ; it makes me feel like I am part of something amazing . Recently I was given the opportunity to mentor a few start-ups , and as interesting and as innovative as their ideas are , I am yet to meet a start-up in Africa that wants to build hardware that they hope will change the world . The general consensus with most of the start-ups that I have met is that they want to provide a service with the lowest barrier to entry so as to minimize costs . That makes sense . Companies that are daring to build hardware are outsourcing to China , sure it 's cheaper to make things there but surely this hurts the continent 's economic growth in the end , but I digress . There are African start-ups/companies that are building hardware but they seem to be getting the market 's attention as easily as the established devices , which are understandable , I suppose . Why are tablets built by African start-ups  which there are  not getting enough traction in the market ? Is it because they just do n't stand up to the competition ? There are quite a few cool projects that tackle hardware that get an initial burst when they launch , but their products do n't seem to stay in the minds of everyday people for long , you know the consumers . Enter the Inye tablet , built by Nigerian hardware pioneer Saheed Adepoju , the man that founded Encipher Limited , which launched Nigeria 's first Android-based tablet device . So there are gadget makers in Africa . Adepoju 's tablet costs between $ 250 and $ 300 but according to his site he is out of stock , which could be a sign of great success or lack of funds . It 's more the latter as Adepoju is looking for investors and , according to an interview with VC4Africa , he feels that African investors do n't want to invest . "  Talking about venture capitalists in Africa , I am yet to see one that will invest ... when I mean invest , I do n't mean give seed funding of $ 50 000 . I mean actually give $ 2 million to a business that is already gaining traction . So I believe they are very risk averse in investing in a market where they are not sure of a return on investment , " said Adepoju . So is Africa facing an investor problem rather than a product problem ? See also : Africa grows , but youth get left behind It seems the consensus around this is that building physical products tends to be more expensive , and there is the problem of trying to compete with China . In the world of cheap and affordable tablets it seems the East is winning . All it takes is Apple or Samsung to announce a new product for a cheaper version of it to show up in the streets of China . Then there is the Way-C , a tablet designed by young entrepreneur Verone Mankou in the Republic of the Congo . The device , though designed in the Congo , was assembled in China like all major manufactures seem to do . Interestingly this Android-based device is targeted at West African countries and some countries in Europe . It also seems to have the support of MTN in Congo . See also : Bringing the Dreamliner to Africa Perhaps this is the solution : partnering with mobile operators to launch affordable smart devices make in Africa aimed at the African market . Erik Hersman , a technology blogger , argues that the environment in Africa has "  bred a generation of problem-solvers " . "  Concurrently , we 're a net importer of fabricated products from around the world . We might make some of our own software now , but we do little to nothing with hardware . How can we be the masters of our own future if we do n't do any meaningful levels of fabrication ? " he adds . There are some really fascinating projects that look at fabrication and building hardware , such as the Maker Faire Africa project . A project that recognizes the need for Africa to take charge of its hardware future and encourages tinkering . The fair is organized around African innovation and gets people together to build gadgets in a tech DIY environment . So who else is building gadgets in Africa and why do n't we know about them ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michelle Atagana .	Most African start-ups provide services rather than hardware to minimize costs Companies building hardware seem to struggle for investors Maker Faire Africa project recognizes the need for Africa to take charge of its hardware future
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Friends and family of actress Farrah Fawcett -- including longtime partner Ryan O'Neal and their son Redmond , who was temporarily freed from jail for the service -- gathered Tuesday to say goodbye . Actress Farrah Fawcett , known for her blond mane and gleaming smile , died Thursday at age 62 . Fawcett , the blond-maned actress whose best-selling poster and "  Charlie 's Angels " stardom made her one of the most famous faces in the world , died Thursday . She was 62 , and had suffered from anal cancer off and on for three years . Tuesday 's service at the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Angels in downtown Los Angeles was private and closed to the media . The family did not release details about the service , but "  Charlie 's Angels " co-star Kate Jackson and former model Cheryl Tiegs were among those seen entering . Ryan O'Neal helped carry Fawcett 's casket from the hearse into the church . Fawcett 's beauty -- her gleaming smile was printed on millions of posters -- initially made her famous . But she later established herself as a serious actress . She starred as a battered wife in the 1984 TV movie "  The Burning Bed , " and appeared on stage as a woman who extracts vengeance from a would-be rapist in William Mastrosimone 's play "  Extremities , " a performance she reprised on film in 1986 . Other Fawcett films include "  Logan 's Run "  1976  , "  Saturn 3 "  1980  , "  The Cannonball Run "  1981  , "  The Apostle "  1997  and the Robert Altman-directed "  Dr. T and the Women "  2000  . But to many , Fawcett will always be best known for her red-swimsuited image on the pinup poster , which sold a reputed 12 million copies after its release in 1976 . Redmond O'Neal , 24 , was arrested in September when deputies found methamphetamine during a probation search at the Malibu , California , home of his father , Ryan O'Neal . The younger O'Neal was on probation for a 2008 felony drug conviction involving heroin and methamphetamine . Monday 's court order allowed Redmond O'Neal out of jail for up to three hours for the funeral . A sheriff 's deputy was to accompany him at all times , according to the order , issued in Los Angeles County Superior Court . O'Neal was allowed to wear civilian clothes for the funeral . iReport.com : Fawcett 's funeral ` heartbreaking ' He is undergoing what the sheriff 's department has called an "  intense drug rehabilitation program " in the Los Angeles county jail . CNN 's Alan Duke and Karen Bonsignore contributed to this report .	Court order allows son Redmond O'Neal out of jail for to attend funeral Service at Los Angeles church is private and closed to the media Family gives no details about eulogy or how many people were invited O'Neal was arrested in September on drug charges during a probation search
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- Thousands of people joined world leaders in the German capital Monday to remember the night 20 years ago when a euphoric wave of people power swept away the Berlin Wall and consigned the Cold War to history . In scenes calmly mirroring the events of November 9 , 1989 , crowds thronged through the center of the once-divided city , joining German Chancellor Angela Merkel in a symbolic re-enactment of the first crossing of the breached Wall . "  It was worth fighting for , " Merkel said , after crossing the Bsebrcker bridge on Bornholmer Strasse , the checkpoint where people first poured across the frontier . Merkel , the first former East German to lead the reunified country , was accompanied by Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev and Polish ex-president Lech Walesa as she kicked off events to celebrate the demise of the iconic structure and remember the darker sides of the communist regimes behind it . "  It is not only a day of celebration for Germans . It is a day of celebration for the whole of Europe , " Merkel said . Merkel was joined by Britain 's Gordon Brown , France 's Nicolas Sarkozy and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev in a series of events , including solemn tributes and boisterous music concerts . At the climax , a line of 1,000 giant dominoes was knocked over along a 2-kilometer strip where the Wall once stood -- representing the domino effect the structure 's collapse had in ending communism across Eastern Europe . Memorials were to be held for the 136 lives lost of those who tried to eascape through the barrier that cut Berlin in two -- many in the so-called "  death strip " at the heart of the Wall 's fortifications . Read more in our Autumn of Change special report Thousands of people gathered at the Brandenburg Gate , the symbol of reunified Germany which once stood at the center of the no man 's land between East and West Berlin . Rock acts including Bon Jovi joined the festivities , echoing the popular music of the late 80s which soundtracked the cold night when rigid communist control gave way to an exhilarating tide of people clamoring for freedom . Testament to the powerful legacy of the Wall 's collapse have been the vivid memories recounted by many of the dramatic and emotional events before and after the fall . "  It was a circus-like atmosphere , people were enthused and exuberant and thrilled to see the Wall coming down , " said David Paul Noel of Maryland , who was working for the U.S. State Department in Germany at the time . Former CNN correspondent Richard Blystone , who watched the Wall collapse was struck by the difference in appearance of each side of the Wall "  On the west side , there was all this graffiti and dirty words , and names of rock groups and ` down with that ' -- all the chaos of a pluralistic society , " he said . "  On the eastern side , it was clean and white , just so sterile . " Though dominated by nostalgia , Monday was also an opportunity to assess progress in a reunified Germany and democratized Eastern Europe , with many airing concerns that the world still has lessons to learn from the events of 1989 . With many in Germany feeling the economic , social and psychological divisions once demarcated by the Wall , Merkel said Monday that the country had yet to fulfil promises made when East and West reunited in 1990 . "  Germany unity is not yet complete , " Merkel told public broadcaster ARD earlier . At an event in Berlin on Sunday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called for renewed global action to liberate those still living under repressive regimes . "  Our history did not end the night the Wall came down , " Clinton said . "  It began anew . And this matters not only to tens of millions of Europeans , and to the United States , but to people everywhere . " She added : "  To expand freedom to more people , we can not accept that freedom does not belong to all people . We can not allow oppression , defined and justified by religion or tribe to replace that of ideology . "  We have a responsibility to address conditions everywhere that undermine the potential of boys and girls and men and women that sap human dignity and threaten global progress . " CNN 's Barry Neild contributed to this story	Angela Merkel leads ceremonies to mark 20 years since collapse of Berlin Wall Thousands of people converged on symbolic Brandenburg Gate in center of Berlin Merkel says Germany still has far to go in its unification process
CNN  -- Ski star Lindsey Vonn is set for a long spell on the sidelines , but the American should be back on the slopes in time to compete at the 2015 World Championships . Last week it was confirmed Vonn , the reigning Olympic and World Cup downhill champion , would miss the 2014 Winter Games in Sochi after failing to make a full recovery from a knee injury first sustained in February 2013 . She re-injured the same knee in Val d'Isere , France in December . Vonn underwent surgery on ligaments in her right knee on Wednesday , with doctors confident that she will be fit to compete in Vail , Colorado . "  Lindsey Vonn underwent successful ACL reconstruction surgery yesterday , " read a statement from Vonn 's publicist . "  Dr. Jim Andrews performed the procedure and expects her to make a full recovery in time for next year 's World Championships in Vail , Colorado . " Dr. Andrews has an impressive sporting pedigree , having previously worked with American football stars Tom Brady and Brett Favre . He also consulted with Albert Pujols of Major League Baseball 's Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim when he underwent shoulder surgery . Vonn posted a picture of her with her dog Leo on her official Facebook page on Wednesday , confirming that surgery had gone well . "  Surgery was successful ! " said the 29-year-old . "  Resting with loved ones and of course my cuddle buddy Leo . "  So thankful to have such great people helping me . Will update more later . " Although she wo n't be at Russia 's first Winter Olympics , Vonn -- who is dating golf 's world No. 1 Tiger Woods -- will be watching on TV and cheering on her compatriots . "  On a positive note , this means there will be an additional spot so that one of my teammates can go for gold , " said Vonn after it was confirmed she will miss the Games . "  Thank you all so much for all of the love and support . I will be cheering for all of the Olympians and especially Team USA ! "	Lindsey Vonn undergoes successful surgery on damaged ligaments in her right knee Surgeon says Vonn should return in time for 2015 World Championships Last week it was announced Vonn would miss the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi
Edward Snowden 's father expressed satisfaction Wednesday with the way his son , the former National Security Agency contractor , has been treated since being granted asylum in August . Lon Snowden spoke to reporters at Moscow 's Sheremetyevo International Airport as he prepared to return to the United States after a six-day visit , his first reunion with his son since April . "  I felt that this is the best place for him , this is the place where he does n't have to worry about people rushing across the border to render him , " Lon Snowden said . "  It 's not going to happen here . " It may not be his last visit , since his son -- charged in the United States for revealing a massive government surveillance campaign -- may wind up remaining in Russia for years . "  My feeling is that , unless the attitude within our government changes dramatically -- and that at a minimum is going to require a change of administration and that 's going to be in several years -- that Russia is the place for him to be at the current time . " NSA leaker Edward Snowden deserves a Nobel Prize , his father says Though Russia granted Edward Snowden a one-year asylum , "  that could easily be extended , " said his father , who described Moscow as modern and sophisticated . "  I could be comfortable living the rest of my life here ; I 'm certain that he could . " The elder Snowden , who arrived October 10 in Moscow , said the two visited several times . "  He is comfortable , he is independent , he is happy -- which is important to me -- and he is absolutely committed to the decision that he made . " Lon Snowden said his son told him he had had no contact with Russian security or intelligence . He added that he did not know where his son was living . "  I do n't have an idea . " Edward Snowden , a 30-year-old former government IT contractor , collected information on spy programs -- in which the National Security Agency mined phone and Internet metadata from thousands of people inside and outside of the United States -- and exposed the program to the media . Anticipating legal consequences , he fled to Hong Kong in late May and flew on June 23 to Moscow , where he holed up at the airport for more than five weeks . U.S. authorities have charged him with espionage and theft of government property . After Russia granted him asylum on August 1 , he left the airport . Snowden 's father : ' I know my son . I know he loves his country . ' Lon Snowden described his son as healthy and happy , with "  a very substantial " international support network . He accused the news media of mischaracterizing what his son did . "  So many people are so determined in the media to continue to refer to him as a leaker , " Lon Snowden said . "  In fact , he 's a whistle-blower , by definition . " He said attempts have been made to demonize his son , but defended him . "  He is someone who shared the truth ; he has enraged many politicians . Not only has he enraged them , he has put their political careers at risk , as they should be . People who were in positions of responsibility , of oversight . " The reunion came after times when Lon Snowden said he had not expected to see his son ever again . "  I hugged him ; it was , ' I love you son , ' ' I love you , Dad . ' But we hugged a little longer , a little harder , and it was certainly -- it was an important moment . " Book deals have been dangled that could make his son a rich man , but "  that is not what Edward Snowden wants to do , " his father said . Though Edward Snowden revealed the surveillance with the assumption that he would accept the consequences , that does not mean he regrets having fled the United States , nor does it mean he plans to return to face charges there , Lon Snowden said . "  That is absolutely absurd , " he said . "  Nobody questions the decision that he has made , because he would be locked in a dark hole at this point , which certain people would love . "	"  This is the best place for him , " Lon Snowden says of his son , Edward Russia 's asylum could be easily extended , father says Feds have charged Edward Snowden with espionage , theft of government property
CNN  -- In a soft voice , teenager Austin Sigg confessed in gruesome detail how he snatched a 10-year-old girl from his Colorado neighborhood and dismembered her . But what Sigg could not explain to police detectives is why . "  It was a random place , a random time . Random everything , " Sigg told officers in interrogation video released this week . "  I was just driving and just kind of looking . And I saw her ... found the place to park . And I parked , and I waited . And she walked by , and I grabbed her . " Sigg is going to have a lot of time to think about it . He was sentenced to life in prison last week . The tapes released this week by the Jefferson County District Attorney give a chilling look into Sigg 's thoughts . Sigg was 17 when he grabbed Jessica Ridgeway off the street in October 2012 . I told her everything would be OK Sigg told police during the interrogation that he got her into his car . He tied her hands and legs together and drove around for 20 minutes as she frantically screamed and asked him questions . "  I would lie to her , " Sigg said . "  I would tell her everything was going to be OK . I would just lie to her . " He took the bespectacled , blond girl back to his house . What happened there may have been very graphic . Parts of the interrogation tape were redacted by authorities . Sigg made girls in the area uneasy Eligible for parole Sigg will be eligible for parole after 40 years for the murder . But a judge sentenced him to close to 100 additional years for the other charges against him . Along with Ridgeway 's murder , Sigg also confessed to the attack and attempted kidnapping on a jogger that occurred earlier in the year . Using all those charges against Sigg , the judge said he expects Sigg to be confined to a cell for the rest of his natural life . Turned in by his mother Jessica Ridgeway was missing for five days and authorities were searching everywhere in October 2012 . The break in the case came after Sigg told his mother what he had done . His mother , police said , called 911 and handed the phone to her son . During the trial , Ridgeway 's family members were in court wearing the little girl 's favorite color , purple . "  This monster took away from me the light of my life , " said Christine Ridgeway , Jessica 's grandmother . "  It shattered the core of my family . "	Austin Sigg confessed to killing , dismembering 10-year-old girl He was 17 at the time He was sentenced to life in prison last week
CNN  -- Rapper will.i.am can boast of an accomplishment that is out of this world : His latest single premiered from Mars , making it the first song to debut on another planet . The Black Eyed Peas singer wrote the song , "  Reaching for the Stars , " to mark the successful landing of NASA 's Curiosity rover on the Red Planet this month . A far cry from his regular hip-hop tunes , it features a 40-piece orchestra set to a futuristic beat . The song is set to transcend time and cultures , he said . "  Mars has always fascinated us , and the things Curiosity tells us about it will help us learn about whether or not life was possible there , " said Charles Bolden , the NASA administrator . "  And what future human explorers can expect , will.i.am has provided the first song on our playlist of Mars exploration . " The song was unveiled during a news conference Tuesday at a NASA laboratory in Pasadena , California . The playback included Martian photos of eroded knobs , gulches on a mountainside and exposed geological layering . Flight director Bobak Ferdowsi , aka "  Mohawk Guy , " gave a thumbs up and hit the play button , sending his teammates beaming , swaying and clapping . "  Why do they say the sky is the limit , " will.i.am sings , "  when I 've seen the footprints on the Moon . " The tune -- which aims to encourage youth to study science -- completed a trip of more than 300 million miles from Earth to Mars and back , according to NASA . "  And I know that Mars might be far , but baby it ai n't really that far , " will.i.am goes on . "  Let 's reach for the stars . " In addition to the singer , students also attended the event in Pasadena , where they asked questions about the Curiosity mission and the song 's interplanetary transmission . "  This is about inspiring young people to lead a life without limits placed on their potential and to pursue collaboration between humanity and technology , " will.i.am said . While will.i.am has the first song , NASA also accomplished another feat this week . Bolden 's became the first human voice broadcast from another planet . The space agency 's accomplishments are the latest in a series of advances aimed at making science more cool . NASA beamed The Beatles ' "  Across the Universe " into space on February 4 , 2008 . The song marked the anniversary of the day The Beatles recorded the song and the 50th year of NASA 's founding . An excited Paul McCartney welcomed the beaming of the song written by fellow Beatle John Lennon . "  Amazing ! Well done , NASA ! " McCartney said in a message to the space agency at the time . "  Send my love to the aliens . " Despite the complexity of landing a 2,000-pound vehicle on another planet , Curiosity had a perfect landing on August 6 , and most of the instruments scientists have tested appear to function . Curiosity is sending back more data from the surface of Mars than the combined results of all of NASA 's previous rovers , the space agency said . Last week , it completed its first drive on Mars , setting the stage for it to venture farther afield . There 's only been one glitch so far : a wind sensor on the rover 's weather station was damaged and the reason might always remain mysterious , scientists say .	"  Reaching for the Stars " by will.i.am is beamed from the Red Planet The song , which features a 40-piece orchestra , celebrates Mars ' landing It also aims to encourage youth to study science
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When David Whitney traveled to Pakistan to shoot his film about a man forced to flee Afghanistan after falling foul of the Taliban he did n't expect fiction to turn into reality . A still from "  Kandahar Break . " Production of the film was halted after the crew were fired upon by suspected Taliban militia . But that 's exactly what happened three weeks into shooting political thriller "  Kandahar Break " in late 2008 . Gunmen attacked the first-time director and his crew near the Afghan border . Four Pakistani crew members were shot and wounded in the incident and the entire crew was forced to flee the region . Pakistani authorities later told Whitney that the gunmen were affiliated with the Taliban and were in fact targeting the Western members of the team . "  I was very upset . It was terrifying to know that somebody was trying to attack us , trying to shoot us , " Whitney told CNN . With the help of local security forces the team was immediately evacuated to Islamabad and put on a flight out of the country in 24 hours . Whitney had only managed to film three-quarters of the script and the film 's future lay in the balance . "  When I heard that the crew members who had been shot were going to be fine I started to think like the businessman and the producer , " says Whitney . "  I thought , ` How are we going to finish this film ? We 're not just going to give up . ' And to a man everybody involved agreed to finish it . " After six months spent organizing financial backing , the original cast and crew flew to Tunisia to complete the movie and has been attracting interest from distributors . Despite the danger caused by shooting so close to the actual conflict zone , Whitney says he would shoot in the region again if he had the chance . "  Every place you point a camera there 's a great shot . You do n't have to go very far to find fantastic authentic Afghan architecture and beautiful landscapes . "  All the people are in the same sort of authentic costumes , so you do n't have the problem of trying to find authenticity -- it 's all around you . " Whitney hopes the authenticity will help "  Kandahar Break " enjoy the same level of success as Kathryn Bigelow 's "  The Hurt Locker " -- the first film about the Iraq war to make a profit at the U.S. box office . Bigelow 's thriller tells the story of an elite army EOD bomb squad who battle insurgents and each other , as they disarm a innumerable roadside bombs on the streets of Baghdad . Bigelow shot "  The Hurt Locker " in Jordan , as close as she could get to the actual conflict zone . She also made use of local actors . The film is based on screenwriter Mark Boal 's first-hand experiences gathered whilst embedded with a bomb unit in Iraq . "  Because it was based on real life , we wanted to keep it as realistic as possible and keep it accurate , " Bigelow told CNN . "  I mean this is a conflict that 's still on-going so we felt responsible to the troops still there and the situation on the ground . " The cast faced grueling shooting conditions : Temperatures ranged between 115 and 120 degrees Fahrenheit  46 and 49 degrees Celsius  . It was even hotter in the authentic bomb suit worn by Jeremy Brenner , who plays Staff Sergeant James . The suit weighed 60 pounds . "  You really ca n't explain the heat and the weight of the suit , " Brenner told CNN . "  That certainly helped the realism of it all . There were a few moments I felt like ... I 've been as close as I could 've come to war without actually being in the military . "  The heat was real , the dust was real , the costumes and everything was so real that the tension -LSB- was already there -RSB- , " Anthony Mackie who plays Sergeant JT Sanborn told CNN . "  Kathryn would come to us before every scene and say , ` Remember at any moment you can die . ' And we kept that in mind throughout all the scenes . " While "  The Hurt Locker , " has made over $ 11 million in the U.S. , previous movies dealing with conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan have struggled to make money . Observers have attributed this to "  war fatigue " suffered by audiences due to an abundance of war-stories in the media . Bigelow and Whitney are confident that cinema audiences have a thirst for knowledge about volatile regions like Iraq and Afghanistan that goes beyond what is reported on the news . "  I think the conflict -LSB- in Iraq -RSB- has been somewhat abstract for the general public , certainly speaking for myself , " Bigelow told CNN . "  The film provides kind of a window , a lens onto what this particular conflict might be like , and gives it some specificity . " David Whitney hopes "  Kandahar Break " can have a similar effect . "  Afghanistan is at the moment quite central to global security . I think it 's good that people are looking at Afghanistan , questioning it , asking all sorts of questions . If my film can play any part in that , any small part , then I 'm pleased . "	Four Pakistani crew members shot during filming of "  Kandahar Break " Despite difficulties , director David Whitney says it was a great film location Star of "  The Hurt Locker " says filming was similar to being in the military
San Francisco  CNN  -- She checked herself into a hospital weeks ago for a bladder infection . But nobody could have predicted it would end like this . When Lynne Spalding went missing from San Francisco General Hospital , her friends frantically searched and left messages on a Facebook page to keep each other hopeful . On Tuesday , the messages on the "  Find Lynne " Facebook page turned from hope to anger . A body was found in an exterior stairwell of the hospital , and the San Francisco medical examiner confirmed Thursday that it is Spalding , also known as Lynne Ford . How could this be ? Spalding 's friends had searched throughout San Francisco , in alleys and shelters , handing out hundreds of fliers . They wondered whether the woman , dazed by powerful medication , was wandering around somewhere . "  So we have a lot of questions as her family and friends , " said David Perry , a Spalding family spokesman . "  Did anyone see her leave the room ? Did she leave alone ? Is there videotape of Lynne leaving the hospital or wandering the halls ? " All who looked for Spalding , 57 , who has two adult children , assumed the hospital had been searched thoroughly . "  Dumbfounded that they did n't find her for two weeks ?! Where the hell were they looking ?! " Liz Kennedy wrote on the "  Find Lynne " website . "  I honestly believe there should be an investigation into how the hospital areas were not thoroughly checked by the staff , " another poster named Sunil Raj wrote . Hospital officials and police say they are investigating . The hospital says it has no idea how the body ended up in the rarely-used staircase . "  We 're distressed , " Rachael Kagan , a spokeswoman for San Francisco General Hospital , told CNN affiliate KTVU . "  We do n't know what happened . That 's our top priority , is to find that out . " Spalding was admitted to the hospital on September 19 , and her condition was improving when she disappeared two days later , according to the joint statement released by the hospital and sheriff 's department . "  She was in fair condition when she left her hospital room shortly after being checked on by a nurse at 10:15 a.m. Fifteen minutes later , the nurse checked on her again , and upon finding her room empty , initiated a search of the hospital , " the statement said . Thirty minutes later after she disappeared , two of her friends and her boyfriend arrived at the hospital to visit , Perry said . They were told that Spalding had been missing for 30 minutes , Perry said . "  Someone has died in a mysterious fashion at San Francisco General Hospital , an institution which is known for healing , " Perry said . "  And tonight I 'm sure the staff of SF General is horrified and confused , certainly the family is horrified and confused . " According to the joint statement , when the patient was not found , the hospital staff notified the family and sheriff 's department officials on site . Deputies searched the campus , and did not find her . Corpse found in L.A. hotel 's water tank Spalding 's body was discovered in the stairwell by a member of the hospital 's engineering staff who was conducting a routine quarterly check , according to the statement . "  The exterior stairwell is a fire exit that is not routinely used by staff , patients or the public . It is alarmed and locks from the outside ; it exits to the hospital grounds at the bottom , " it said . CNN 's Lateef Mungin wrote and reported from Atlanta , and Dan Simon reported from San Francisco .	The body was discovered during a routine quarterly check , officials say Lynne Spalding went missing from San Francisco General Hospital She was last seen in her hospital room on September 21 The hospital says it does not know what happened
Airport body scanners that produce graphic images of travelers ' bodies will be removed from checkpoints by June , the Transportation Security Administration says , ending what critics called "  virtual strip searches . " Passengers will continue to pass through machines that display a generic outline of the human body , raising fewer privacy concerns . The TSA move came after Rapiscan , the manufacturer of the 174 so-called "  backscatter " machines , acknowledged it could not meet a congressional-ordered deadline to install privacy software on the machines . "  It is big news , " said Marc Rotenberg , executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center . "  It removes the concern that people are being viewed naked by the TSA screener . " In 2004 and 2005 , the TSA at first dismissed privacy concerns , then sought to address them by placing TSA officers viewing the scanner imagery in remote locations , away from the passenger being screened . They also gave passengers the right to an alternative screening -- a pat down . Speedier trip through airport security could come within a decade But those solutions failed to appease privacy groups and some members of Congress , who felt both alternatives could be abused . Ultimately , a problem caused by technology was solved by technology . Security companies developed privacy software , called Automated Target Recognition  ATR  software . But while manufacturers of the less-intrusive "  millimeter wave " machines found ways to use ATR software , backscatter machines have not . This week , the TSA announced it is ending its contract with Rapiscan "  due to its inability to deploy non-imaging ATR software . " How much do we really hate the TSA ? "  By June 2013 travelers will only see machines which have ATR that allow for faster throughput . This means faster lanes for the traveler and enhanced security , " the TSA said in a statement . The TSA could allow backscatter machines in the future if the company develops the required software , the TSA said . Currently , the TSA uses the 174 backscatter machines in 30 airports , and has another 76 units in storage . It uses millimeter wave machines in 170 airports . The decision to remove the backscatter machine will make moot , at least temporarily , travelers ' concerns about the health effects of the machines . Backscatter machines use X-rays , while millimeter wave machines use radio waves . The TSA has long maintained both machines are safe , but recently signed an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences to study the scanners . The study will continue even though the machines are being pulled , the TSA said , because they could be reintroduced in the future . 2013 travel : Wishes for smooth journeys	TSA is removing certain body scanning machines Critics said they amounted to virtual strip searches Move came after manufacturer could not meet privacy software deadline
CNN  -- The sisters Kardashian -- Kim , Kourtney , and Khloe -- do n't have to spend millions on focus groups and dynamic PR strategists to get noticed : Twitter does it for them . In an interview to air on Thursday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " Morgan pointed out that all three are in the top 100 list of people being followed on Twitter worldwide : Kourtney is number 72 , Khloe is number 47 , and Kim is the sixth-most followed . With 6 million followers , she 's neck and neck with President Barack Obama . Kourtney called Twitter "  the best decision-maker , " pointing out that she Tweets everything from potential perfume bottle designs for the sisters ' signature fragrance , to outfit dilemmas , to asking fans what she should have for dinner . Morgan , who has only been on Twitter for six weeks , has more than 200,000 followers , and asked Kim and Kourtney to help him gain more , pointing out that the sisters ' influence was "  fascinating . " In light of the fact that their opinions are clearly in demand , Morgan asked them about Obama and Sarah Palin , stating , "  What would you say if I said , ` Sarah Palin ' ? " To which Kourtney replied , "  I just think , like , hunter . That 's just like the first thing that comes into my head . Kim said that Obama was the first presidential candidate to get her "  motivated enough to vote . " When Morgan asked Kourtney and Kim if they would have any talent if they were to appear on "  America 's Got Talent , " Kim Kardashian said , "  I would absolutely say that marketing is a skill . " Kim also said that "  fashion " was a skill , pointing out that the sisters all worked as stylists at some point and that they currently own "  three successful clothing stores . " The Kardashians pointed out that much of their brand revolves around promoting a healthy body image and that none of the three sisters are "  stick skinny . " Kourtney admitted that while she is , in fact , a size zero , she is also very petite at 5 feet tall , and curvy . Kim , at 5-foot-3 , said her size wavers between the 4 and 6 range . "  We 're not trying to fit in the same mold , " said Kim . "  We know that we feel our best when we look our best . " Kim said she is always "  super honest " when plastic surgery rumors surface and had no trouble admitting that while she has "  tried Botox before , " her breasts are "  completely , 100 percent real . " Kourtney admitted she does , in fact , have implants . Kim also said she often uses body shapers , masking tape , and other under-clothing body smoothers to boost her confidence -- particularly on the red carpet . "  If you know your body type , " said Kim , "  then you can dress to feel -- its like , ` Fake it until you make it ' is what we always say . " When Morgan asked them what the most extravagant thing they ever bought for themselves was , Kim said she had purchased a $ 115,000 watch that she "  got a really good deal on . " Even the most savvy pop culture connoisseurs may not realize that Ryan Seacrest is the Kardashians ' boss . Seacrest has served as executive producer of the E! network 's "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians " since the reality series premiered in 2007 . "  He is pretty evil , " joked Kim . The Kardashians count Seacrest among their greatest friends . "  Ryan is so easy to talk to . He just gets it , " said Kim . "  He completely trusts us and our vision . " Morgan also asked the Kardashians if there is anything about their lives that is off-limits . "  Relationships , " said Kim . "  I only show very little bits and pieces . " When Morgan asked Kim if she was "  in love " with New Jersey Nets player Kris Humphries , Kim was tight-lipped . "  I think that this time around , I am really trying to keep things a little bit more private than I have in the past , " she said . The Kardashians were quick to point out that their solid American values and work ethic keep them grounded . Kim , who said she "  never " talks money because she thinks its "  inappropriate , " maintains that she gives 10 percent of her yearly income to her church because that 's how she was raised . "  Whatever it is , I give 10 percent away to the church , and that 's what I was taught . " When asked if she did the same , Kourtney said , "  I 'm going to now , " with a laugh . "  I was taught that , too , but I forgot about it . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	The Kardashian sisters credit Twitter with helping them make major decisions The sisters tell Piers Morgan their marketing and fashion savvy help keep their brand going strong Kim Kardashian says her most extravagant purchase was a $ 115,000 wristwatch See the full interview with Kim and Kourtney Kardashian on "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " 9 p.m. ET
Paris  CNN  -- French presidential frontrunner Francois Hollande vowed Friday to crack down on illegal immigration , as he and incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy battle to win over the public ahead of a second-round vote . Hollande , of the center-left Socialist party , will hold a rally in the central city of Limoges Friday evening , while Sarkozy addresses supporters in Dijon , to the east . The pair face a run-off vote for the presidency on May 6 . Sarkozy received 27.2 % of the vote in the first round of voting last Sunday , just behind Hollande 's 28.6 % . Speaking to French radio station RTL Friday morning , Hollande said that the number of legal economic migrants should be limited and that he wants to "  fight against " illegal immigration . Immigration has been a key election issue , alongside the struggling economy and high unemployment figures . Hollande 's comments came hours after the two rivals were quizzed on television channel France 2 Thursday night , taking turns to answer journalists ' questions . Hollande , who was first to be put on the spot , said he feels "  confident " and the political left 's results had been even better than hoped for . "  Nothing is decided until the people have spoken . I have three duties : to put things right in France , to apply justice where it has been missing , and to bring together the French around a great cause -- the young people . " Sarkozy , who leads the center-right UMP party , defended his record , saying : "  I have been president for five years . I 've tried to protect France with all my might . " He said predictions of a landslide for the left in the first round had not been borne out , with the far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen coming third , well ahead of far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon . Since Sunday , both Sarkozy and Hollande have sought to reach out to the 6.5 million people who voted for the National Front , giving it 18 % of the vote . "  They are not from the extreme right , they are expressing themselves through a vote of crisis or of loyalty , " Sarkozy said on France 2 . "  I would like to say to them that I respect them . When someone suffers or protests , we must listen to them in order to be able to provide them with responses . " However , Sarkozy rejected any notion of striking a deal with the far-right group in remarks Wednesday . The National Front 's tough line on immigration appears to have struck a chord with many voters . Responding to a question on Thursday 's TV show , Hollande said , "  There are too many foreigners " in France . "  But that does not mean that we must expel those who are here on our territory . " Hollande , who has previously avoided that question , said those who are in France legally would be able to remain -- but those who do not have the right to live there would be driven out . Sarkozy said he wanted to cut by half the number of foreigners allowed into the country over the next five years . The reason , he said , is that he wants to welcome them in the right way , "  with housing and employment , and that from now on , before all entries onto French national soil ... an exam on the French language and republican values should be passed . " Immigrants should have rights and responsibilities equal to those born in France , he said , even if he is opposed to extending them the right to vote . Hollande also addressed France 's position in Europe , saying Germany would have to negotiate on a fiscal pact agreed by the eurozone in order to permit growth . "  It 's not Germany who will decide everything for all of Europe , " he said . "  We are not just any country in Europe . We are one of the leaders of Europe . " The two contenders will take part in their first head-to-head televised debate next Wednesday . If elected , Hollande would be France 's first left-wing president since Francois Mitterrand left office in 1995 . Sarkozy has been president since 2007 . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	Election frontrunner Francois Hollande says he wants to combat illegal immigration President Nicolas Sarkozy says he wants to halve the number of foreigners entering France Both are reaching out to people who backed a far-right candidate in first-round voting Hollande and Sarkozy appeared on TV to answer journalists ' questions
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iranians marked a holiday that leads up to the Persian new year under the watchful eyes of police Tuesday night after the Islamic republic 's supreme leader tried to discourage the celebrations . Thousands of people turned out , some in groups as large as 400 people , to dance , listen to music and light bonfires in side streets around Tehran on the festival of Chaharshanbe Soori . But unlike other holidays in recent months , there was no immediate sign that the observance was becoming a platform for protests against the country 's leadership . Parties continued into early Wednesday , including one in the northern neighborhood of Zafaranieh where about 150 people danced to music pouring out of cars in the neighborhood . Some revelers played cat-and-mouse games with police who roamed the streets , looking to break up ongoing celebrations . Watch YouTube video of men dancing around a fire Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , the country 's supreme leader , had urged Iranians to ignore Chaharshanbe Soori , an ancient festival held on the eve of the last Wednesday before spring . It dates back thousands of years and leads up to Norooz , the holiday that begins with the first day of spring and the Persian new year , which falls on Saturday this year . Watch YouTube video of people throwing fireworks in Tehran In a statement published by Iranian news sites , Khamenei said the festivities have no basis in Islam , and can cause "  harm and corruption . " "  It is appropriate to avoid it , " he said . Watch YouTube video of revelers in Tehran shouting "  death to the dictator " Iran has been wracked by anti-government demonstrations since the disputed June 12 presidential vote that resulted in the re-election of hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . The government has beefed up security to ensure "  order and calm " during the two-week period celebrating Norooz , stationing 200,000 security personnel across the country , according to Ahmadinejad 's official news site . Tuesday 's celebrations were closely monitored by police in Tehran , with officers randomly stopping and searching cars around Mohseni Square and other major streets and plazas . Are you in Iran ? Send photos , videos of the protests In one case , brief clashes broke out late Tuesday between revelers and plainclothed members of the Basij , the pro-government paramilitary militia , who chased them away with batons and stun guns . And in one eastern Tehran neighborhood , security forces spray-painted passing cars from which motorists were tossing firecrackers . Police at checkpoints around the city were looking for the marked vehicles . A video posted on YouTube showed what the poster said was an anti-government protest in another Tehran neighborhood , where protesters could be heard chanting "  Death to the dictator . " Earlier in the week , the chief prosecutor in the eastern city of Mashad warned that those who engaged in "  disruptive behavior " during Chaharshanbe Soori would face "  strong consequences . " It 's a precaution that 's become increasingly commonplace in Iran , especially in advance of holidays , as the government continues to warn against political demonstrations that have emerged since last summer 's disputed presidential elections . The Iranian government quashed anti-government protests that brewed in February as the nation commemorated the 31st anniversary of the Islamic Revolution , which marked the end of the country 's Western-backed monarchy and the start of an Islamic republic . In the days that led up to the February 11 holiday , the government mobilized security forces and heightened its warnings , saying it would arrest protesters and hold them until the end of Norooz , on April 9 . Six protesters who were arrested in December on the Muslim holiday of Ashura were sentenced to death on Monday , the day before Chaharshanbe Soori , the semi-official Fars News Agency reported Monday . Their sentences are being reviewed by an appeals court , Fars said . Another 86 people were found guilty Tuesday of acts against the Islamic republic , Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency reported . The Revolution and Public Court of Tehran said most of the defendants were given prison sentences . Meanwhile , around 350 inmates at Evin prison have gone on a hunger strike to demand that their cases be examined before Norooz , saying their ward is so overcrowded with recent political arrestees that prisoners are in poor health , according to the Committee of Human Rights Reporters , an Iranian group . Eyewitnesses in Iran said thousands of riot police and security officers lined the streets of the capital , Tehran , and patrolled major intersections on motorcycles and on foot Monday night . Beginning Saturday , police also have set up checkpoints along major roads in Tehran , and vehicles have been stopped and searched from late at night into the early morning hours , witnesses said . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Groups of Iranians danced , listened to music and lit bonfires to celebrate holiday Country 's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei had urged Iranians to ignore occasion Chaharshanbe Soori celebrated before Persian new year No immediate sign that celebrations would turn in to platform for protests
It 's a scavenger hunt for cash through the most modern of means : social media . An anonymous , wealthy California man is hiding up to $ 100 or so in public places in San Francisco , Oakland and San Jose and then posting clues to the money 's whereabouts through his Twitter page , appropriately dubbed Hidden Cash . The $ 100 bills or envelopes containing several $ 20 bills are amounting to $ 1,000-a-day philanthropy in what the Twitter account calls "  an anonymous social experiment for good . " The results have been a feel-good sensation in California : The Twitter page features selfies of joyous people who found the money -- flashing smiles and cash -- with testimonials of what they 're going to do next . The cash hunts ventured into a third city , San Jose , on Wednesday . The anonymous donor and owner of the Twitter page is a real estate investor who 's had the good fortune of joining the wealthiest 1 % of American society , especially in the past few years , he said . When he recently closed a deal with a six-figure profit , the philanthropist decided to "  give some of it back " through random acts of kindness , he told CNN . "  This is not a set-up charity , but I wanted to do something fun and creative , " he said . "  We were thinking of something like the ` Survivor ' TV show or something of that nature that was a scavenger hunt . They were basically too involved . So what we did was hide cash in different places . I thought it would be fun , but it 's also something simple to execute . All you 're doing is leaving money and putting clues on Twitter . " The man said he 's between ages 35 and 45 -- and would give no more information . He maintains anonymity because he wants the attention on his pay-it-forward activities , not himself . "  There 's some crazy people out there in the world , " he added . This week , he will expand his hunt-for-cash giveaway to Los Angeles and possibly other cities across the country , if he can secure helpers , he said . He 's been giving away about a grand daily since Friday , he said . For example , his Twitter page offered this clue Tuesday with a photograph of San Francisco 's waterfront and the Golden Gate Bridge : "  New drop : come for the cash , stay for the views . " The @HiddenCash page even taunted his followers -- which had grown to 70,000 by Tuesday afternoon -- by stating : "  Surprising with almost 70k followers , but the $ $ $ I just left the water is still there 15 + minutes later . And that was an easy one ! " Izzy Miller , a San Francisco college student , was the lucky hunter who found the $ 100 bill in an envelope . Miller posted a photograph of himself and the folded $ 100 bill , joined by CNN correspondent Dan Simon , who found Miller just after Miller found the Benjamin Franklin . Miller learned of the clue after his phone alerted him about a new tweet posted by Hidden Cash . Miller rolled out of bed and dashed to the waterfront . There , he found the ka-ching in an envelope taped to a tourist information box . "  I think it 's awesome , " Miller said . "  It 's a totally fun thing to do , and the fact that he 's doing it in a philanthropic and charitable mindset makes it even cooler . " Miller said he would buy climbing shoes with the money . On Wednesday , CNN affiliate KTVU in San Jose aired one search live on its morning program based on @HiddenCash tweeting this clue : "  First ever San Jose drop : across from where these sea creatures play , a dog pees in the fall . " The hint displayed a photo of a yellow fire hydrant . The station showed Alex Doxie of San Jose running down the street , searching and then finding an envelope of $ 135 cash that was taped to the hydrant near the SAP Center , home of the NHL 's San Jose Sharks . "  I knew it was going to be right here , " Doxie said , adding he will use the money to take his wife to dinner and to see his son 's semi-final baseball game . The anonymous donor is emotionally moved by the words and photos that successful searchers post on Twitter , he said . "  There 's absolutely no political agenda ; there 's no religious agenda ; there 's no business agenda , " the man said of his unconventional philanthropy . "  The whole agenda is random acts of kindness and pay it forward and to put a smile on people 's face . "  When I see people retweet the photos and say , ' I could have really used this money ' or ` my autistic stepson found it ' or ` we shared it with people that were with us at the beach ' or ' I bought lunch for my coworkers ' or ` just giving it charities , ' there 's a lot of heartwarming stories for people , " he said . The anonymous man plans to continue the cash giveaways for the indefinite future . Money is no object for him . It 's only the time it takes to set up the hunts . "  I 'm running around leaving money in different places , and there 's only one me , " he said , adding that a friend is helping . He would like other wealthy people across the country to follow his lead : "  I 'd like for this to become a movement , " establishing a chain reaction of charitable giving . "  If you can give back , it 's at least as rewarding as making good investments and getting big checks and making a lot of money . " He urges people not to look to him -- or lotteries -- as a godsend . There are plenty of job and business opportunities if people look hard enough , he asserted . "  I want to say to the people that are struggling , please realize it 's a game . It 's pay it forward . Do n't look to this or to the lottery to be your financial salvation , " he said . Still , solicitations flood his inbox : He 's now overwhelmed by e-mails  his address is on the Twitter page  from people seeking money for a down payment , mortgage payment , child 's college tuition or even dental work . "  That 's more than I really bargained for , " the man said . Still , he has no plans to stop the small-treasure hunts . "  I 'm having a great time , " he declared . The only people who have figured out his identity are his friends , who identified his voice from his audio-only interviews with northern California broadcast outlets . New York roomies return $ 41,000 found in thrift-store couch For New York lottery winner , $ 1 million was blowing in the wind	A CNN affiliate broadcasts live as one man follows a clue and finds $ 135 An anonymous California real estate investor leaves up to $ 100 hidden in public spaces He then posts clues on his Twitter page called "  Hidden Cash " Anonymous donor tells CNN he wants to start a pay-it-forward movement
CNN  -- Kenya ruled out terrorism after a blaze left its main airport in charred ruins this week , describing the incident as a "  simple fire gone bad . " There were no reports of casualties in the Wednesday blaze at Nairobi 's Jomo Kenyatta International Airport . The fire destroyed large parts of the international terminal and brought East Africa 's largest aviation hub to a standstill . It occurred on the 15th anniversary of the near-simultaneous terrorist attacks on the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania , which left 224 people dead and thousands injured . The nation 's president , Uhuru Kenyatta , said the blaze was not an act of terror . "  We can now confirm that there was no element of a terror incident in this fire , " the president said in a statement Friday . "  There is no evidence of an explosion or an improvised explosive device . This was a simple fire gone bad . If anyone is culpable , including for gross negligence , they will be dealt with by the full force of the law . " International flights gradually resumed Thursday . The effects of the fire reverberated worldwide ; Kenya distributes a third of all flowers in Europe through the airport with a special emphasis on rose production . The airport also offers connections to Europe , the Middle East and other African nations , with about 16,000 passengers passing through daily , officials said .	Fire at the main Kenyan airport this week destroyed the international terminal It forced the closure of the airport East Africa 's largest aviation hub to a standstill No casualties were reported
Washington  CNN  -- Jack Germond , the cantankerous political journalist whose brand of shoe-leather reporting made him a legend of the form , died on Wednesday . He was 85 . Germond died "  peacefully and quickly , " having just completed a novel , his wife , Alice , wrote in a note to friends . "  He lived a marvelous , full and well loved life , " she wrote , adding : "  To his many friends , he appreciated the great company , story , scoop , competition and laughter . He fit his life and times so very well . I love him and it 's been great . " Germond was a fixture on the national political scene in print and broadcast , including for CNN , as a political analyst beginning in the 1990s . A longtime newspaperman , the Boston native began covering national politics with the 1960 presidential election that saw John F. Kennedy enter the White House . He spent 20 years with Gannett Newspapers , the final four as Washington bureau chief . He came to embody the persona of a grizzled , ink-stained campaign reporter , and was one of the "  Boys on the Bus " featured in Timothy Crouse 's 1973 book detailing life on the presidential campaign trail . In interviews , Germond fondly recalled covering politicians and candidates from the ground - including getting to know the subjects he was following over dinner and drinks . "  In the old days , journalists got to know politicians better than they do now , " he told People Magazine in 2001 , describing a bygone era of occasionally meeting candidates over steak dinners , vodka martinis and late night poker games . "  Jack 's appetite was legendary -- for news , for stories , for food , and for washing it down , " CNN Chief National Correspondent John King remembered on Wednesday . Germond came to embrace the hard-charging reputation , as well as the girth that lifestyle produced , in memoirs with the titles "  Fat Man in a Middle Seat : Forty Years of Covering Politics " and "  Fat Man Fed Up : How American Politics Went Bad . " "  I think he was a great reporter . I know he was a hearty eater , and the good conversation as important as the food , " his wife wrote in her note . "  And yes , he enjoyed extending an evening . He had a bold journalistic ethic , and that matters . " He worked for eight years with The Washington Star and , after the Star folded in 1981 , moved on to the Washington bureau of The Baltimore Sun . With Jules Witcover , he wrote the syndicated "  Politics Today " column for more than two decades , and he was a regular on the political panel TV show "  The McLaughlin Group " in the 1980s and 1990s . "  For Jack Germond , covering politics was a calling , a passion , a profession and a full-time pastime , " said Ken Bode , a former national political correspondent for NBC News and a former senior correspondent at CNN . "  On the road , he was the best company -- a couple of pops , a steak and an evening of swapping stories . Jack had an extra political gene that enabled him to recognize the rogues of the political world , but he had just as much fun covering the rascals as he did the serious people , " he said . But as technology assumed a larger role for journalists - and campaigns began to restrict access to candidates - Germond grew less and less enthusiastic about the national political scene . "  Journalism was a great way to make a living , " he told People . "  It was fun . Nowadays , reporters drink white wine and eat salads . They go to their rooms , transcribe their notes and go to the gym . We never did that . " King recalled that Germond had a "  visceral disdain for cell phones and Blackberries and reporters who spent more time with their ` toys ' than wandering the back rooms of events talking and listening . " Yet Germond was also known for encouraging new journalists as they joined the pack of political reporters following candidates . He gave CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger her first job in journalism at The Washington Star , where he was managing editor . "  On the campaign trail , he always took newbie reporters under his wing , and traveling with him on campaigns was a joyous way to learn American politics , " Borger said . "  He loved his job and elections and reporting , and it showed in every column he wrote and every TV appearance he made . " King also described a man willing to encourage a new generation of campaign reporters , describing an evening at the bar of the Sheraton Wayfarer in New Hampshire while covering the state 's first-in-the-nation presidential primary . "  I was 24 , my first presidential campaign , and had spent the night in awe listening to Jack and  fellow reporter  Walter Mears tell old stories of Kennedy and McGovern and Reagan , " King said . " ` You 're going to do OK kid , ' he said as he shuffled off to his room -- the inference being if you can close the bar with that crew you had made the right career choice . " Candy Crowley , now CNN 's chief political correspondent , said she first saw Germond "  in a temporary White House press room in a hotel somewhere . " "  I called a friend and said , ' I ca n't believe it . I 'm in the same room as Jack Germond , ' " Crowley said . "  He was already a legend . I was new to everything and it seemed to me that Jack knew everything . " "  I saw him many times after that in press rooms or in Iowa or New Hampshire , " she continued . "  So many people describe him as a curmudgeon , a tough journalist with no patience for BS , particularly from politicians . He was all that , but the Jack I knew had a twinkle in his eye and was consistently sweet and kind to me . I was in awe . I still am . " People we 've lost in 2013 CNN 's Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	Germond 's wife says he died peacefully Wednesday The legendary reporter covered politics for more than 50 years Among his books was "  Fat Man Fed Up "
ARLINGTON , Virginia  CNN  -- As president of the Pentagon Memorial Fund , Jim Laychak has been involved in nearly aspect of the project 's planning . Stainless steel benches are oriented according to whether the victim was on the plane or in the Pentagon . The only thing he has not done is visit the bench dedicated to his brother , Dave Laychak , who died on September 11 , 2001 , when a passenger airplane hit the Pentagon . "  I want to hold off and go and see his bench and touch his bench that day , " said Laychak . "  I wanted to save something special for me personally on September 11 when we dedicate the memorial , so I can spend some time with it then . " Laychak is one of many looking forward to the dedication of the memorial , which is being built to honor the 184 people killed when American Airlines Flight 77 crashed into the Pentagon . "  This is hallowed ground for a lot of the family members , and the essence of this place will be about them , those that we lost , " Laychak said . Watch how visitors react to the memorial " After more than five years of fundraising , the organizers are about $ 13 million short of their goal . They plan to have the memorial finished and dedicated on the seventh anniversary of the attacks . The park , which cost $ 22 million to build , needs another $ 10 million in endowment funds to make sure it 's always properly maintained . So far , the Pentagon Memorial Fund has raised $ 19 million from sources as diverse as former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld , NBA star -LSB- and Navy veteran -RSB- David Robinson and the government of Taiwan . The focus of the memorial is 184 cantilevered benches built over a pool of lighted water . Each bench is engraved on the end with the name of one of the 184 people who died on board Flight 77 or in the Pentagon that day . The benches are arranged by age , with the bench of the youngest victim , 3-year-old Dana Falkenberg , in the far southeast corner and the bench honoring 71-year-old John Yamnicky in the northwest corner . For Wendy Ploger , whose father and stepmother died aboard Flight 77 , the benches add special meaning to the memorial . "  I do n't know how to describe it , but it tells the story of what happened , which is sort of what helps me to heal , " said Ploger , whose relatives were on their honeymoon when they died . The benches for the 59 victims on board the plane are arranged so that someone reading the name on the end of the bench will face the sky where the plane came from . The 125 benches for the victims inside the Pentagon face the opposite direction , so someone reading the name will look up and see the south facade of the Pentagon , where the jet hit that day . "  The way the bench is facing , my father 's bench , if you read his name on the end of it , you are facing the same direction that the plane was flying -LSB- from -RSB- as it impacted the Pentagon , " said Ploger , whose parents were originally scheduled to take a different flight but changed their plans . "  At first I felt a little strange sitting on it . But then , it 's comfort and it feels good and I feel like I 'm close to my loved one , " she said . Some of the original plans have changed since construction started in June 2006 . Originally , the benches were to be made of aluminum . But aluminum can oxidize , leaving pits and white residue . The builders chose to use marine-grade stainless steel , which wo n't rust and can withstand the elements . The benches are inlaid with black and gold granite mined in Spain and cut in Canada . A perimeter wall around the park is built of the same Spanish granite . Black granite was originally chosen for the top of a perimeter wall around the park , but builders learned the hard way that on warm and sunny days , the black granite gets so hot "  it could burn your tuchis , " one worker said . Ploger and Laychak say they are not sure how others will respond to the memorial , but for them , it brings a sense of peace . "  For me , it just makes it so real , " Ploger said . "  This is sort of the closest I 've been to the event and to that day . "	Pentagon memorial slated for dedication on seventh anniversary of attack Memorial features benches engraved with names of victims over pool of lighted water Relative says memorial helps her to heal
CNN  -- Barcelona need just one point to win Spain 's La Liga for the third straight year after a 2-0 win over neighbors Espanyol Sunday night . Goals from Andres Iniesta and Gerard Pique have taken Barcelona to 91 points , eight ahead of Real Madrid , who thrashed Sevilla 6-2 Saturday to keep alive their slim hopes . Barcelona will clinch the title Wednesday night if they avoid defeat against Levante . They will then turn their attentions to the Champions League final against Manchester United on May 28 at Wembley . It was not a vintage display by Pep Guardiola 's men in the wake of their Champions League semifinal second leg tie against Real Madrid in midweek . But World Cup winner Iniesta found room for himself to shoot home in the first half after 20 minutes with Pique heading home from a Xavi corner at the start of the second . Espanyol , who are still chasing a Europa League place , offered stiff resistance in the Nou Camp , but Barcelona were always in command and Eric Abidal came off the bench for a second appearance after his successful recovery from a liver tumor . Valencia look set to finish third behind Barca and Real as Mallorca and Villarreal drew 0-0 . They lead Villarreal by five points after their 3-0 win over Real Sociedad 24 hours earlier . Villarreal coach Juan Carlos Garrido said his team were tired after contesting the Europa League semifinal Thursday . "  We can say that we have got a point which takes us closer to a place in the Champions League although obviously a win would have been better , " he told AFP . Osasuna scored a fine 3-1 away win at Real Zaragoza in Sunday 's late game to ease their relegation fears .	Barcelona beat Espanyol 2-0 to close on Spanish title Barcelona need just a point to clinch crown for third straight year Andres Iniesta and Gerard Pique score the winning goals
Bob Dylan is being investigated on suspicion of inciting hatred in Paris over comments he made in Rolling Stone magazine , French prosecutors said Tuesday . An organization representing Croatians in France pressed charges against Dylan for allegedly comparing the conflict between Croatians and Serbs to the Nazis ' persecution of Jews in an interview last year for the French edition of Rolling Stone . "  If you got a slave master or Klan in your blood , blacks can sense that . That stuff lingers to this day . Just like Jews can sense Nazi blood and the Serbs can sense Croatian blood , " the influential singer-songwriter was quoted as saying . While a Croatian group has said Dylan was referencing the violence that came with the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s , it 's unclear whether the long-outspoken musician was referring to Yugoslavia or the crimes committed when the Ustasha ruled Croatia during World War II . The Paris prosecutor 's office said Dylan was placed under formal investigation last month by the Paris Main Court for "  public injury " and "  incitement to hatred . " Vlatko Maric , secretary general of the Representative Council of the Croatian Community and Institutions , told CNN his organization had brought the case almost a year ago . Explaining the council 's decision to pursue the case against Dylan , Maric said the artist 's remarks in Rolling Stone were of a "  rare violence " that had deeply shocked people from a nation still wounded by the conflict of the 1990s . "  An entire people is being compared to criminal organizations " like the Nazis or the Ku Klux Klan , he said . "  The Croatians are peaceful people who respect Bob Dylan as an artist , but we must remind him that he ca n't make such remarks . "  We have nothing against him , but the Croatians do not want to be insulted . " Lawyer : We 'd like a public apology A lawyer for the Croatian organization told CNN on Tuesday that his clients would be willing to drop the charges if Dylan publicly apologized for his remarks . "  An apology is a better repair than a financial compensation , " Ivan Jurasinovic said , adding that this would be a far more positive outcome for everyone . "  Bob Dylan is someone who is very much admired in Croatia , " he said . Asked if his clients had already contacted Dylan to request an apology , he said that the process was "  ongoing " and that "  they hoped something could be arranged . " Representatives of Dylan and Rolling Stone have not yet responded to requests for comment . Dylan received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama in 2012 , just one of many accolades to come the musician 's way during half a century in the public eye . He was also named an honorary member of the American Academy of Arts and Letters this year . Bloody conflicts Between 1941 and 1945 , Croatia 's Ustasha erected numerous concentration camps "  to isolate and murder Jews , Serbs , Roma  also known as Gypsies  , and other non-Catholic minorities , as well as Croatian political and religious opponents of the regime , " according to the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum . Croat authorities murdered an estimated 320,000 to 340,000 ethnic Serbs in Bosnia and Croatia under Ustasha rule , the museum says . Decades later , the breakup of Yugoslavia in the early 1990s caused the bloodiest conflict on the European continent since World War II , with more than 100,000 people believed killed . The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia , a U.N.-backed court , continues to prosecute war crimes committed during that time . The tribunal has said "  the most significant number " of its cases have dealt with alleged crimes by Serbians or Bosnian Serbs . But there have been convictions for crimes against Serbs by others , including Croats , Bosnian Muslims and Kosovo Albanians .	Croatian group would be willing to drop charges if Dylan publicly apologizes , lawyer says Iconic singer Bob Dylan is accused of likening the Croatian people to Nazis The remarks were quoted in an interview for the French edition of Rolling Stone magazine The complaint was brought by a body representing Croatians in France
Sen. Lindsey Graham hinted at China 's involvement in the North Korean cyberattack on Sony Pictures and called for additional U.S. action against North Korea to make the hermit kingdom "  feel the pain that is due . " "  I ca n't imagine anything this massive happening in North Korea without China being involved or at least knowing about it , " Graham , a Republican from South Carolina , told CNN 's Dana Bash on "  State of the Union . " Graham called for more sanctions against the regime and said President Barack Obama should put North Korea back on the list of state sponsors of terrorism , something Obama is currently reviewing . The Republican senator gave Obama rare kudos for the President 's handling of the North Korean affair so far . "  So far so good , Mr. President , " Graham said , despite adding that Obama should have labeled the attack as cyberterrorism and not "  cybervandalism , " as Obama called the hack in a CNN interview last week . "  What 's happened here it shows how exposed we are in America to cyberattack , " Graham said . "  If North Korea can do this to a major corporation in America , what can other people do to our country . " The FBI determined that North Korea was behind the attack on Sony Pictures amid plans to release "  The Interview , " a movie about an assassination plot against North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . The FBI added that it did not suspect any other country was involved in the attack . Graham did criticize Obama 's leadership of the U.S. 's prison at Guantanamo Bay . While Graham supports Obama 's vow to close the detention facility , the Senate Armed Services Committee member said he does n't want the U.S. to release terror suspects held at the facility . Instead , Graham wants the detainees transferred to a military prison in the U.S. , where many would continue to be held indefinitely without trial "  under the laws of war . " More than 100 prisoners have been released from Guantanamo after a top U.S. task force deemed them low-level threats to the U.S. RELATED : Shutting down Guantanamo : Who 's left and what 's in the way "  I do n't think there 's any appetite in Congress to close Guantanamo Bay . I think the American people want to keep it open , " Graham said . "  Most people in the world are more worried about terrorists leaving Guantanamo Bay than they are the prison being open . " The U.S. released 10 detainees in the last month and hopes to transfer dozens more in the next six months as Obama looks to close Guantanamo in the last two years of his presidency .	Graham said he believes China was involved or knew about North Korea 's cyberattack Graham gave Obama a rare kudos on his handling of the Sony hack Guantanamo should be closed , Graham says , but terror suspects should remain in military prisons
CNN  -- Injured Formula One star Felipe Massa is looking forward to taking his first steps towards driving again after passing a series of mental and physical tests in Miami . Felipe Massa has been given the all-clear to begin training as he bids to return to the race track . His team Ferrari reported on its Web site on Tuesday that the Brazilian , who suffered horrific head wounds in Hungary in July , had come through the tests satisfactorily on Monday . "  The checks  which included neurometric , impact and cognitive capacity tests  all had a positive outcome , just like the eye exam : everything is in order for Felipe to get back to racing , " the statement said . "  Now there has just to be carried out some plastic surgery at the brain box , where the spring at the accident at the Hungaroring hit his helmet . "  The surgery will take place in the upcoming days . After a short convalescence Felipe can then gradually start with physical preparations . " The 28-year-old , who finished second in last year 's drivers ' world championship , said that he planned to take things slowly following the operation . "  I 'm very happy about the results , " he told www.Ferrari.com before returning home to Sao Paulo . "  After the small surgery , in the next few days I can finally start to go to the gym to get back into shape and drive some tests in karts . "  On the track with a Formula One single-seater ? Let 's take it step by step . At the moment I 'm concentrating on taking up physical activities , which is a great step forward . " Ferrari said Massa was expected to be at 100 percent fitness in time for the 2010 season , but gave no indication whether he would return to racing this year -- he has , however , indicated that he would like to drive at his home Brazilian Grand Prix on October 18 . His replacement , test driver Luca Badoer , is not expected to drive at the Italian Grand Prix two weekends away after finishing last in his two races so far . Badoer , who stepped into the breach when F1 legend Michael Schumacher was unable to make a shock return to the sport due to a neck problem , was not allowed to test drive the current Ferrari vehicle during the four-week summer break due to this year 's regulations . Veteran Italian Giancarlo Fisichella has been linked with Ferrari after finishing second at the Belgian Grand Prix on Sunday , but his team Force India insist that he will race for them at Monza . Highly-rated Polish driver Robert Kubica is also in the running to replace Badoer , with his team BMW Sauber dropping out of F1 at the end of this season . Badoer 's results aside , Ferrari have enjoyed a renaissance since Massa 's injury , with 2007 world champion Kimi Raikkonen winning in Belgium to end a personal drought of 26 races and placing third in Valencia .	Injured F1 star Felipe Massa passes series of mental and physical tests The Brazilian driver can begin training following minor surgery this week Massa suffered horrific head injuries after a freak accident in Hungary in July Ferrari expected to drop his struggling replacement Luca Badoer
CNN  -- Mark Kessler , the small-town Pennsylvania police chief who posted videos of himself firing automatic weapons while cursing about gun control , has been given a termination notice . The borough council of Gilberton , population 750 , voted 6-1 to fire him at a meeting Thursday night , said council chairman Daniel J. Malloy . Kessler was suspended July 31 at a council meeting that drew thousands of his supporters , including some openly armed , to the small town in Schuylkill County in eastern Pennsylvania He will remain on suspension for 10 days to give him time to appeal , Malloy said . He would not comment further . "  We knew it was coming , " Kessler said after the vote , CNN affiliate WFMZ-TV reported . Kessler 's attorney , Joseph Nahas , said he will request a public hearing next week , the affiliate reported . The council accused Kessler of misusing borough property , neglecting his duties and failing to turn over weapons to the borough , his lawyer said . But Kessler said the firing is "  because of my videos . " In the videos , he rails against liberals for attempting to curb gun rights and Secretary of State John Kerry for supporting an arms treaty . At one point in a video , he dares Kerry to come and take his guns . CNN 's Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	Mark Kessler blasted gun control supporters while firing weapons on YouTube Gilberton , Pennsylvania , town council voted 6-1 to terminate Kessler , pending appeal Kessler 's attorney says he will request public hearing Earlier council meeting drew thousands of his supporters to Gilberton , population 750
CNN  -- Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko outlined a program of social and economic reforms Thursday that he said are aimed at preparing his country to apply for EU membership in 2020 . Since he took office in June , Poroshenko has pursued a pro-European agenda despite opposition from Russia . "  This program foresees about 60 reforms and special programs that will allow Ukraine to prepare for submitting in six years a bid for membership of the European Union , " he said , according to national news agency Ukrinform . Poroshenko also told reporters Thursday in Kiev that a nearly three-week-old ceasefire between Ukraine 's military and pro-Russia rebels in the country 's east is holding . This , he said , was "  the first day in many many weeks and months when Ukrainians have not had a single person killed , and not a single person wounded . " Poroshenko said he expected to hold a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin within the next three weeks . He did not specify the venue of the meeting , just saying that it would be held in Europe . Minsk deal The ceasefire deal was agreed to following a phone conversation between the two leaders and negotiations between representatives of Kiev , Moscow and the pro-Russia rebels in Minsk , Belarus . Kiev and the West accuse Moscow of arming and supporting the rebels and of sending Russian troops over the border to fight with them . The Ukrainian Parliament and the European Union last week ratified a political and economic agreement that also includes free trade provisions , though they wo n't come into force until the start of 2016 . Former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych 's decision to drop the EU Association agreement late last year in favor of closer ties with Moscow triggered the popular unrest that led to his ouster in February , followed by Russia 's annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea region a month later and months of deadly conflict in eastern Ukraine . U.S. support At the same time , Poroshenko appealed to the U.S. Congress for greater support for his military , but the request was rebuffed . The United States has sent nonlethal assistance such as blankets and night vision goggles , but wo n't provide lethal aid . In his speech to the U.N. General Assembly Wednesday , President Barack Obama again promised that the United States and its allies would support Ukraine , while calling on Russia to follow "  the path of diplomacy and peace . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov discussed the importance of a full and prompt implementation of the Minsk ceasefire agreement during a meeting Wednesday , a senior State Department official said . Journalist Azad Safarov reported from Kiev and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	President Poroshenko says reforms will prepare Ukraine for 2020 EU membership bid President says a ceasefire between Ukrainian forces and pro-Russia rebels is holding He and Russian President Vladimir Putin will likely meet in the next three weeks , he says
CNN  -- When did it become a crime to admit that you -- as a parent -- put yourself first ? Sure , supermodel Gisele Bundchen 's haters are ready to pounce no matter what the gorgeous , successful , wealthy wife of New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has to say . But the backlash surrounding her most recent comments about parenting -- how important it is as a mother to take care of yourself -- really got our attention because the issue is a powerful one in today 's parenting . "  You know how they say on the plane you have to put the oxygen mask on first and then put it on your child ? " Bundchen told "  The Sunday Times " in an interview about why she believes motherhood is her most important job . "  So I think it is the same , as a mum , to take care of myself . " "  You can feel a bit guilty , " she said . "  But if I put my oxygen mask on first , if I 'm feeling fulfilled and present and good about myself , then I 'm going to be a much more patient , loving , understanding mother and wife . You have to fill your glass so that everyone can drink from it . That 's how I feel . " Why are we so quick to pass judgment the minute a mother professes to take time for herself ? Is there something wrong with that ? Admittedly , I have failed miserably when it comes to putting myself first ever since I became a mother more than eight years ago . Now , though , I see that "  me time " has a direct correlation not only with my own mental health but my ability to be a good , loving and patient mother . So I say , "  You go girl , Gisele . " I only wish I had the same clarity years ago when my kids were small that she seems to have now . But removing Gisele from the debate , why are we still as a society so quick to roll our eyes and say "  bad mother " when a mom admits to making herself a priority ? "  Of course moms need to take care of themselves first , " said Cecily Kellogg , a mom of a 7-year-old who writes for Babble.com and hosts a blog at Uppercase Woman . "  I am an individual first , and I happen to be lucky enough to have the job of also being a mom . But yes , self-care is critical . " Kellogg said the Gisele controversy brought to mind a recent article titled "  How American Parenting is Killing the American Marriage , " about how parenting has almost become a religion in the United States . That , she said , is part of the problem . "  I think motherhood in particular has been elevated by some elements of society to a religion full of zealots . " We are too often told by society that we , as mothers , must be "  the martyr " and put everyone 's needs and desires before our own , said Jennifer Bosse , a mom of two small children and founder of the blog Defining My Happy . "  We are supposed to go without for the sake of our family . It is implied that we have to give up our needs and passions to make room for others , " she said . "  And unfortunately there are a lot of women who are guilted into believing that this is just the way it is . " But what makes us better parents , said Micky Morrison , a mom of two and founder of BabyWeightTV , is taking time for ourselves . "  It 's not selfish . It 's as much a gift to our children as it is to ourselves to make ourselves happy . " "  If I 'm sad , depressed or not feeling good about myself ,  it  reflects on my kids . My daughter can sense when I 'm unhappy and then she gets sad , " said Trina Small , mom of a 4-year-old and founder of the blog The Baby Shopaholic . "  Why should n't a mom take time for herself ? So many women , like Rebecca Hughes Parker , a mom of three , including 9-year-old twins , and an editor and attorney , admitted learning the "  hard way " that taking care of one 's self does not preclude taking care of the children and being good at a job . In fact , as Hughes Parker says , "  It enhances both things . " "  When I first had my twins and was working full time , I did not make time for myself at all , " said Hughes Parker , who also has her own blog about parenting . "  I did not see friends , exercise , sleep or eat enough . It led to a back injury . " After physical therapy , yoga and realizing "  more hours does not always mean better work , " Hughes found herself much more centered when she had her third child six years later . Avital Normal Nathman , editor of the motherhood anthology "  The Good Mother Myth , " said , "  We ca n't fully take care of others , if we 're not devoting time to ourselves , especially in a world that prescribes so many roles to women in particular -- worker , mother , wife , daughter , caregiver , homemaker , etc. " That said , Norman Nathman and other mothers across the country said that while Gisele and other women of privilege have the means , which could include a "  bevy of help , " to ensure their "  me time , " that is not the case for most women today . "  The average woman simply does n't have the same support in terms of childcare and also lacks the funds for various forms of self-care that Gisele values , " said Norman Nathman , a mom of a 7-year-old and host of the blog The Mamafesto . "  So , while the sentiment is lovely , the reality is very different for those not making a reported $ 128,000 / day . " Jennifer Alsip , a mom of two girls , ages 18 and 22 , said she never took care of herself before her kids . As a single mom on a budget , there were plenty of times when she would forgo buying new clothes for herself , and sometimes eat less when food was scarce , so that her kids could be taken care of . "  I do n't think Gisele Bundchen has ever been put in a position of being hungry ... or needing to clothe your kids for school but not having enough money to do it , so she would n't know that sacrifice of putting your kids first . " There is no question that hearing the "  put yourself first " parenting advice from someone who has every resource on the planet to put herself first strikes people as out of touch , but regardless of the source , I still think it gets to a core problem of modern parenting . The debate reminded me of the firestorm of criticism that erupted after author Ayelet Waldman , in a 2005 column for the popular "  Modern Love " feature in "  The New York Times , " said she loved her husband more than her children . Can you imagine what the response would have been if Bundchen admitted loving Brady more ? What do you think people are so quick to criticize parents who put themselves first ? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Gisele Bundchen was criticized after saying she puts herself first in a recent interview Taking care of herself , Bundchen says , makes her a better mother and wife Many women across the country say the supermodel is 100 % right Some women find it hard to take parenting advice from a woman who makes $ 128,000 per day
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Airline pilots and cabin crew across Europe are holding demonstrations Monday to protest over rules governing their flying hours which they say are putting the lives of passengers at risk . European pilots and cabin crew are calling for shorter flying times to protect passenger safety . Organized by the European Cockpit Association  ECA  , and the European Transport Workers ' Federation  ETF  , protesters are demanding that European Union rules on flying times are brought into line with scientific evidence . The Moebus Report -- mandated by the EU in September 2008 -- recommends that an airline crew should not operate for more than 13 hours during the day and 10 hours at night . Current EU rules stipulate pilots work up to a maximum of 14 hours during the day and nearly 12 hours at night . Are you concerned at the hours worked by airline pilots ? Tell us . Speaking from one of the protests outside the European Parliament in Brussels , Captain Martin Chalk , President of the ECA told CNN : "  At the moment , the EU level is not adequate . That 's not our view that is the view of experts employed to review the EU 's own level of protection . " Chalk said that despite being in possession of the report , the EU completely ignored the recommendations when they produced new fatigue proposals in January 2009 . The ECA and the ETF have printed over 100,000 dummy airline tickets which they will hand out to airline passengers . The tickets contain cigarette-style warnings giving details on crew fatigue and an explanation as to why the EU current legislation needs to be changed . "  All we are trying to do at this stage is raise public 's awareness . We 're not trying to get in anyone 's way , " Chalk said . Hundreds of protesters are attending events taking place at 22 airports across Europe . 400 ECA members are expected to attend the protests at Madrid airport . "  What we are saying today is that they need to listen to the safety review , " Chalk said . "  It was conducted by the best scientists in this field in Europe . It was commissioned by the European Aviation Safety Agency  EASA  and therefore it should not be ignored when writing the rules . " Francois Ballestero , Political Secretary of the ETF echoed Chalk 's concerns . "  Flight safety is the core mission of every cabin crew member . But EU law is insufficient to ensure that air crew can perform their safety role in an alert and effective way , " he said . But the EASA were critical of the protests and their timing . "  This is jumping the gun . It is not a constructive contribution to a debate which is yet to happen , " Daniel Hoeltgen , EASA communications director told CNN . Hoeltgen believes that the pilots are simply setting up stall for an industrial debate between the unions and the airlines . "  It 's got nothing to do with safety regulations . We have made it clear that we will invite the unions and the airlines to take part in a review of the current rules and the timeframe for that has been made clear . " The current law in Europe on air crew fatigue is set at two different levels . There is a minimum level set by EU and then there is a level set by individual countries that can be better than that minimum level . In 2012 the EU level is due to come into force . "  There needs to be a change in the law to protect passengers and our members from the insidious effects of airport fatigue , " Chalk said . The ECA represents over 38,000 pilots and flight engineers in 36 European countries .	Hundreds of pilots across Europe are protesting about flying hours and safety Pilots argue the EU is ignoring scientific evidence which says hours are too long Demonstrators to hand out dummy airline tickets with a list of their complaints
Editor 's note : upwave is Turner Broadcasting 's new lifestyle brand designed to entertain the health into you ! Visit upwave.com for more information and follow upwave on Twitter , Facebook , YouTube , Pinterest and Instagram @upwave . upwave.com  -- While most of us welcome spring and summer for their longer hours of sunshine , the two seasons can be kind of a pain for allergy sufferers . According to the American College of Allergy , Asthma & Immunology , seasonal allergic rhinitis  aka hay fever and nasal allergies  affects nearly 50 million Americans . That 's a lot of tissues ! But the rising pollen count does n't have to ruin your spring . Here are nine strategies that can curb your sneezing so you can breathe easier . upwave : A case of the sniffles ... or mold exposure ? At home Shut your windows . "  Keep your windows and doors closed at all times , " says Dr. Andrew W. Murphy , allergy chief at Pennsylvania 's Chester County Hospital . "  Despite the desire to breathe in fresh air , an open window or door invites lots of pollen into your house . " Murphy says the idea is to make your home a haven . "  You want to keep pollen , in particular , out of the bedroom since we spend one-third of our lives in bed , " he adds . Shower every night . The minute you walk in the door each day , hop in the shower : A quick nighttime scrub is a simple yet effective way of removing the allergens that may have attached to you . "  You 'll  literally be washing the pollen off , " Murphy says . upwave : 4 natural fixes for annoying spring allergies Change your filters . Assuming your windows are shut , the way to bring air into your home is through your air conditioner and fan . "  Since this air is actually being sucked into the home , it 's important to change your filters to ensure the air coming out of your vents is clean , " says Susanne Bennett , founder and CEO of the Wellness for Life Center in Santa Monica , California , and author of "  The 7 Day Allergy Makeover . " She advises changing your filters twice a year -- after winter and during the summer -- and to specifically use HEPA charcoal air-purifier filters . "  Charcoal absorbs chemicals inside your home , " she adds . In your car Close yourself off . Making sure the windows and sunroof are shut will help prevent pollen from entering your car . In fact , it 's even more important to do this in your vehicle than in your home , since your car 's such a confined space . "  I 'm sorry , but it 's probably not the best time of year to put down the roof of your convertible , " adds Murphy . Clean inside . Even if you 're diligent about keeping your car windows closed , pollen can still find its way inside each time you and your passengers open the doors . Murphy advises that you vacuum the interior -- seats , console , mats , etc. -- on a weekly basis . "  You want to be careful about going too long without a good cleaning , " he says , "  because mold and other bacteria can begin to grow . " While you 're at it , ditch the vent clips and car fresheners , since these scented items could contain potential irritants . upwave : 15 awesome all-natural cleaners Push the button . "  The minute you start your car , push that little recirculating air button and never turn it off , " advises Bennett . "  This will keep the vents closed so you 're not sucking the pollen -- along with the car exhaust , the dirt and the smog -- into your car . " During your workout Exercise in the p.m. Both Murphy and Bennett say pollen counts tend to be higher in the morning hours . So before heading out for a run , check the pollen count in your area . Also , keep in mind that weather conditions affect pollen levels , the most bothersome being wind  since pollen will be airborne  . "  The truth of the matter is , if you 're suffering from moderate to severe allergies , you should work out indoors , " notes Bennett . upwave : How to exercise during allergy season Wear cotton . Your workout gear may be stylin ' , but you might want to put aside the shiny colored training shorts and work out in clothes made from 100 % cotton . "  Because synthetic workout clothes are staticky , they attract more pollen , " explains Bennett . Also , before tossing your sweaty activewear into the hamper , place it in a plastic bag so the pollen does n't spread around . Bathe your eyes . As soon as your jog/run/hike in the great outdoors has ended , Bennett advises that you wash your eyeballs in order to rid of them of pollen . Here 's her three-step process : 1 . Add a pinch of sea salt to a cup of filtered water . "  Do not use tap water , since it contains chlorine and can cause more irritations , " she says . 2 . Pour the salt water to the rim of a shot glass . 3 . Lean over the sink , place your eyeball into the glass and blink . "  Many times , your nose gets congested because of the watery eyes , " explains Bennett . "  So once your eyes have been rinsed off , you 're less likely to suffer from itchy eyes and a stuffy nose caused by springtime allergies . " This article was originally published on upwave.com . & COPY ; 2013 upwave , All Rights Reserved .	Seasonal allergic rhinitis affects nearly 50 million Americans Keep your windows and doors closed to avoid letting pollen inside Shower every night to remove any outdoor allergens Workout in clothes that are 100 % cotton
CNN  -- Some of the world 's most well-known companies like Apple , Google , Facebook , Boots and Starbucks have become successful partly by convincing us through their products that their corporate values align with consumers ' personal values . But what happens when these companies behave in ways that seem to betray our trust ? What if you find out that these companies keep their huge profits offshore and out of reach of domestic tax authorities ? Will people challenge them -- "  You want to change the world and have us pick up the tab ? " Yes , people are voicing their discontent . At Apple 's Worldwide Developers Conference in June , protesters loudly criticized Apple for keeping $ 54.4 billion offshore to avoid paying U.S. corporate taxes . GE , Microsoft , Citigroup and Medtronic are other high-profile companies have also come under scrutiny and criticism for similar tax avoidance behavior . The fact is that over $ 2 trillion in U.S. corporate profits is parked offshore . This should infuriate many law-abiding , taxpaying citizens . What 's the justice in this ? Former Labor Secretary Robert Reich put it aptly when he said that lost tax revenue "  has to be made up by you and me and every other taxpayer who ca n't afford high-flying attorneys and accountants to shift our income into places with low taxes . " Of course , the companies do n't see it that way and deserve a hearing . For them , it 's a difficult business dilemma . The U.S. is alone among developed nations in requiring double taxation for corporations . U.S.-based companies face a 39 % corporate tax rate -- the highest in the developed world -- and are required to pay tax twice on foreign profits : once to the country in which the revenue was made , and a second time to the U.S. if and when the money is brought back . Corporations say they keep so much profit offshore because they have a fiduciary responsibility to their shareholders to maximize profits by any legally allowed means , including avoiding taxes . Meanwhile , consumers watch critically as companies play out their tax avoidance strategies -- from protecting foreign profits to actually moving their headquarters to other countries . Apple , for example , has an extremely proactive corporate tax avoidance strategy that allowed the company to pay an effective tax rate of 12.6 % -- one of the lowest among U.S. corporations . Seventy percent of Apple 's profits -- and $ 54.4 billion in earnings -- are allocated overseas through subsidiaries in countries with much lower rates  like Ireland and the Netherlands  and out of the grasp of U.S. tax authorities . Repatriating Apple 's offshore money would cost the company about $ 18.4 billion and increase its effective tax rate to 33.8 % . Citigroup would have had to pay $ 11.7 billion in additional U.S. taxes had it brought back $ 43.8 billion in 2013 . Other companies choose to move to avoid paying taxes or receive a lower tax rate . Medtronic , which makes medical device technology , plans to move its headquarters to Europe after a merger with Covidien , a non-U.S. company . Medtronic will then enjoy a corporate tax rate much lower than in the U.S. . The trend among large companies these days to embrace social responsibility and transparency leads people to expect them to behave , well , more responsibly . So it is ironic that some of the biggest companies are shirking taxes on their profits . But people notice . Advocacy groups in the UK and U.S. are targeting tax-avoiding companies by personalizing the impact of lost tax revenue in terms easy for citizens to rally around . The group US Uncut has pointed out that Apple 's fair share of U.S. tax on offshore profits in 2011 could have paid salaries for 90,000 teachers . Boots ' $ 1.2 billion revenue sheltered from UK taxation could have funded salaries for 85,000 nurses at the National Health Service . As Ralph Nader and Cesar Chavez showed us in the 1960s , activist voices can galvanize consumers and fuel them with the spirit of populism . People with a tangible target for their general financial dissatisfaction may equate these companies -- and business leaders -- with the glaring inequality of our time . In a recent Politico piece , Seattle 's billionaire investor Nick Hanauer warned that Americans may one day come after the tech and money plutocracy with pitchforks . History shows that it 's impossible for the very wealthy to predict when consumer unhappiness can boil over into outright upheaval . He predicts that moment is coming . Companies that are out of sync with their consumers ' values -- even in their legitimate self-interest -- are at risk of having a center that can not hold over time . That could be detrimental to their business in the long term . In Britain , for example , Starbucks saw a 29 % drop in the company reputation score , from +3 to -26 , after a Reuters report that showed the chain paid no tax on 1.2 billion pounds in sales and claimed to have made no profit in Britain after 14 years of operations . That probably was n't the smartest move . Companies that try to hide their profits , through whatever loophole , risk testing the goodwill of consumers . More and more , young people care about a company 's values . More than half of the millennials recently surveyed by PricewaterhouseCoopers said they would consider leaving an employer if its social responsibility and values no longer matched their own . Millennials are important to the growth of any company , as consumers and as prospective employees . Companies that spend millions to control their images and public narratives by being in touch with consumers may end up being perceived as out of touch if they keep avoiding paying taxes . Consumers may not storm the barricades and topple Apple stores , or forgo their morning coffee , but they will crave economic justice , and they will press for changes .	Big brands like Apple , Starbucks put their profits offshore to lower their tax bills Martha Pease : This injustice should infuriate law-abiding , taxpaying citizens She says it 's ironic when these companies are embracing "  social responsibility " Pease : Corporations that care about consumers should examine their own values
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. , Turkish and Iraqi leaders all held talks Monday about Kurdish rebels using northern Iraq as a launchpad for cross-border attacks into Turkey . Turkish troops patrol near the border with Iraq on Monday . President Bush chatted by phone with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , while separately two senior Iraq national government figures met with the head of the country 's Kurdish region . The diplomatic moves came after Turkish warplanes pounded Kurdish separatist targets in northern Iraq on Saturday and Sunday as well as last week . Bush and Erdogan talked about the dangers of the Kurdish separatist rebels along the Turkish-Iraqi border , the White House confirmed . National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe said they discussed their common efforts to fight terrorism , and the importance of the United States , Turkey and Iraq working together to confront the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK . Bush has vowed to help Turkey fight PKK rebels . The PKK has spent two decades fighting for autonomy for Kurds in southeastern Turkey , with some of its attacks launched from inside northern Iraq . The United States and European Union consider the group a terrorist organization . Last week , Turkey 's ambassador to the United States , Nabi Sensoy , said his country 's maneuvers against Kurdish militant targets in northern Iraq were based on intelligence provided by the United States . In the Kurdish Iraq city of Sulaimaniya , Iraqi President Jalal Talabani , who is Kurdish , and Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi , who is Sunni Arab , met with Kurdish Regional Government President Massoud Barzani . Iraqi Kurdish officials , while critical of the PKK , have denounced the Turkish bombing campaign . Last week , Barzani snubbed visiting U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice in protest of the attacks . "  We have vehemently condemned the bombardment . The bombing targeted safe and secure areas and innocent people . Several people were either killed or wounded , " Barzani said on Monday at a press conference with the others . "  We held consultations with President Jalal Talabani and we will continue our consultations with other concerned parties to put an end to these aggressions and put to an end the shelling of villages . " The three Iraqi officials also dealt with national unity . They signed a "  memorandum of understanding " to deepen relations further with their three parties : Talabani 's Patriotic Union of Kurdistan , Barzani 's Kurdistan Democratic Party and al-Hashimi 's Iraqi Islamic Party , a Sunni Arab entity . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kathleen Koch , Talia Kayali and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report	Bush : U.S. , Turkey and Iraq must unite against PKK Kurdish separatists Iraqi Kurds are critical of both PKK and air attacks against them Turkey bombed alleged PKK sites in northern Iraq over the weekend PKK has spent 20 years fighting for autonomy in Turkey ; uses Iraq as a base
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- His compound in Tripoli has been overrun , rebels control the closest international airport and world leaders including President Barack Obama are declaring his 42-year rule over . One major question that remains unanswered is : Where is Moammar Gadhafi ? Rebel fighters who searched the sprawling Bab al-Aziziya compound in the Libyan capital on Tuesday found boxes of weapons and ammunition , but no Gadhafi . With the fighters of the National Transitional Council also in control of Tripoli 's international airport , the options for an escape narrowed . Mukhtar al-Ahmar , who led the rebels in the takeover of the airport , said there had been fierce clashes there Wednesday , and speculated that Gadhafi loyalists were trying to "  to secure a route for Gadhafi to escape from Tripoli . " He said he saw an official convoy after sunset Tuesday , and said it was "  possible " Gadhafi was inside . "  He does n't seem to have much control of anything , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters Tuesday . "  It 's interesting that he still has n't been seen . " So where could Gadhafi be ? Professor Abubaker Saad , a former Gadhafi aide , on Tuesday described to CNN a system of bunkers under the Gadhafi compound in Tripoli that could serve as a hideout . However , Saad noted that NATO and the United States have fired anti-bunker bombs at the compound , so he doubted Gadhafi would hide out there . "  You have to remember that he is a military man , " Saad said . "  He knows they have weapons that could penetrate those bunkers . That 's why I 'm dismissing the idea that he 's still in there . " There has been speculation that tunnels might lead from Gadhafi 's now-overrun bunker to the Rixos hotel , where about 35 journalists are being held against their will by low-ranking Gadhafi loyalists . But CNN 's Matthew Chance , who is among the reporters trapped there , said journalists had scoured the hotel from top to bottom and seen no evidence of secret passages . Saad also noted that Gadhafi 's recent public communications , such as a statement broadcast on radio and a reported telephone call to Russia , were audio messages to avoid detection of his whereabouts . "  The quality of the audio has deteriorated , and that 's an indication that he is speaking from a distance , " Saad said . "  That 's why I am not really convinced that he is in the compound right now . " U.S. officials called for Gadhafi to make clear that , regardless of where he may be , he knows he 's out as the nation 's leader . The United States wants Gadhafi to issue "  a reliable , affirmative statement " to the international community and his loyalists still fighting in Tripoli "  that he understands ... his leadership is over , so everyone can move on , " Nuland said . While no sightings of Gadhafi have been reported , at least one source outside Libya -- the head of the World Chess Federation -- told Russia 's Interfax news agency that he spoke by telephone with him on Tuesday . According to Kirsan Ilyumzhinov , as reported by Interfax , Gadhafi said in the phone call to him at around 10 a.m. ET that he is "  alive and well in Tripoli and not going to leave Libya . " A U.S. official , speaking on condition of not being identified , said Gadhafi is most likely still in Tripoli . There has been nothing to confirm some reports or speculation that the longtime leader has gone to his hometown of Sirte , the official said . Observers cite three likely scenarios for Gadhafi 's immediate future -- his death at the hands of rebel forces , his capture , or his escape or exile to another country . Gadhafi and his second-eldest son , Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , are under indictment for alleged crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Court in The Hague , Netherlands . Officials at the ICC have made clear they want the Gadhafis to stand trial in The Hague , if possible . Countries considered possible exile homes for Gadhafi include Venezuela , a rumored destination for months . Gadhafi and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez have a close relationship forged in part by shared opposition to U.S. influence around the globe . In 2009 , Chavez was one of three world leaders to attend a lavish celebration of Gadhafi 's 40 years of rule in Tripoli , along with Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe and King Abdullah of Jordan . That same year a new football stadium in the now rebel-held town of Benghazi was named after the Venezuelan leader . On Tuesday , Chavez said his country would only recognize a Libyan government led by Gadhafi , state media reported . "  From here we confirm our solidarity with the Libyan people , our brother that is being assaulted and bombed ... as part of the imperial insanity , " Chavez said during a meeting of government ministers in Caracas , the state-run AVN news agency reported . Zimbabwe also is considered a possible exile destination , due to common interests between Gadhafi and President Mugabe -- an interest in pan-African solidarity , a disdain for colonial influence and the ignominy of being largely shunned by the international community . Saudi Arabia is considered a desert nation that might be more to Gadhafi 's Bedouin liking . The Saudis accepted the deposed leader of Tunisia , Zine El Abidine Ben Ali , after the uprising there that helped touch off protests across the Middle East and North Africa , including Libya , this year . However , Gadhafi 's relationship with Saudi Arabia has cooled since the Saudis accused Libyans of trying to kill their king several years ago , and it would be unlikely for the desert kingdom to accept an exiled Gadhafi now , according to Christopher Boucek , a Saudi Arabia expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . Other nations mentioned as possible destinations for Gadhafi include Cuba , Syria and Sudan . CNN 's Tom Cohen and Mike Pearson contributed to this report .	There is no sign of the longtime leader in his over-run compound A former aide says it is unlikely he is hiding in the bunkers below A rebel commander speculates that he wants to clear a route to the airport to flee Venezuela is considered a possible exile destination
CNN  -- If they were handing out awards for courage in the face of personal trauma , 70-year-old Bob Yelton would scoop the lot at this week 's World Amateur Handicap Championships . Yelton is one of just 13 golfers who have played in all 28 previous editions of the biggest tournament of its type in the world , which brings nearly 3,100 players from 25 countries and 49 states of the U.S. to the Myrtle Beach area of South Carolina . His streak was nearly broken last year , and in the circumstances nobody would have held it against him if he had taken time out . Just before the tournament , Martha , his wife of 22 years , was taken ill and passed away just a week later . There had been no hint of a problem -- Martha taught at a community school in Shelby in North Carolina and played a bit of golf herself . "  She mostly just walked the course with me , " recalled Bob . Her death hit him hard and he was left with the prospect of raising his then 15-year-old son Porter alone . In the circumstances , his annual pilgrimage to Myrtle was low priority . "  I had no interest in playing golf . " But with encouragement from his brother Don , who has also played in every World Am , and crucially an intervention from his son , Bob did indeed pitch up . "  Dad , Mum would have wanted you to play , " said Porter and he did , thinking about Martha just about every step of the way . In retrospect , the stress of dealing with his wife 's premature death and continuing to practice as a business lawyer may well have taken a bigger toll on Bob than he was to realize . Back in April , he was playing Arrowhead , a course in North Carolina , when he collapsed with a heart attack . "  I was on the second hole , felt real dizzy , next thing I know I woke up in the ambulance . " Thankfully medical attention had arrived quickly . "  They used CPR and got me back , and thankfully there was no permanent damage to my heart , " said Bob in a matter of fact way that belies its seriousness . Brother Don had suffered a similar problem a few years ago and his advice has helped Bob to make a full recovery , but doctors have advised him against playing when the temperature gauge goes into the mid-90s . "  The first time I went back on the course it was kind of scary , " he admitted . In a hot summer in the Carolinas , this has restricted his practice opportunities , but nothing was going to stop Bob from competing in his 29th World Am . The tournament format sees golfers placed in "  flights " of around 50 , playing on 60 courses in the Myrtle Beach area  including TPC Myrtle Beach and the Dye Course at Barefoot Resort  over four days of competition . The top player in each group , after adjustments are made for handicap -- "  They are very quick to weed out the cheaters , " said Bob -- qualified for Friday 's final 18-hole shootout from which the top prizes are decided . Remarkably , given the close nature of the competition , Bobby Perkinson , a 3.5 handicap player from Tennessee , has claimed the title for the past two years . Yelton 's best result is eighth in a flight , but like many others he is there for the enjoyment of golf and the camaraderie , meeting other old friends who come back year after year . They might also get the chance to rub shoulders with celebrities , such as baseball star Roger Clemens who has returned for a second year , while eight golfers have qualified from a regional competition in China . The success of the World Am has led to a series of tournaments held under a similar format as the golfing industry looks to boost participation at all levels . Bob is a fully-fledged "  Baby Boomer " and like so many others in the 1960s was inspired to take up golf by the exploits of Arnold Palmer -- a fellow former student of Wake Forest University . While not reaching professional standard , in his 20s Bob played to a challenging 5 or 6 handicap but is now an 18-handicapper . He has met his hero a couple of times at golf functions and like so many others was impressed by Palmer 's friendliness and easy going manner . "  He talks to you as if you were a next-door neighbor . " Bob knew that his recent illness and lack of practice was going to limit his chances of progressing , and a net 96 round on the first day sunk his chances . His brother played better but could not qualify from his super senior division . Clemens did rather better . The former Yankees pitcher shot a final round 77 for a net 69 to win his flight and qualify for a shot at the top prizes . But given his dice with death , Bob was happy to just be teeing it up and meeting old friends , doubtless already planning his 30th straight appearance in a unique event .	World Amateur Handicap Championship brings together over 3,000 golfers Bob Yelton has battled personal adversity to tee up for 29th straight time His wife died before last year 's tournament and he had heart attack this year Baseball star Roger Clemens among competitors in 2012 tournament
Washington  CNN  -- The National Transportation Safety Board has concluded a deadly accident involving a bus driver who fell asleep while driving on a Virginia interstate last year was caused in part by "  acute sleep loss " as well as inadequate oversight by the bus company and the government . Four people died on May 31 , 2011 , when a motorcoach operated by Sky Express Inc. , with 59 people on board bound for New York , drifted off Interstate 95 near Richmond , Virginia , around 5 a.m. . The bus struck a cable barrier , rotated clockwise , then overturned . The roof was crushed . In addition to the four deaths , 49 other passengers were injured . The driver , Kin Yiu Cheung , was slightly injured and refused medical treatment , safety officials said . At a board meeting Tuesday , the safety board said that a 13-month investigation found the driver failed to maintain control of the vehicle "  because of fatigue resulting from acute sleep loss , poor sleep quality , and ... the failure of Sky Express Inc. management to follow adequate safety practices and to exercise safety oversight of the driver . " "  This crash never should have happened , " said the board 's chairman , Deborah A.P. Hersman . "  It was entirely preventable . Those travelers were failed at three levels : by the driver , the operator and the regulator . " The safety board ruled out alcohol , drugs , cell phone use , weather , mechanical defects , speed and highway design as playing any role in the accident . The report said the bus company 's failure to "  exercise even minimal oversight of its drivers ' rest and sleep activities enabled the drivers to drive while dangerously fatigued . " An examination of the driver 's work schedule , sleep times and cell phone use revealed that his opportunity for sleep in the 72 hours prior to the crash was limited , the safety board said in a release . The board said another factor contributing to the accident was the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration 's lack of adequate oversight of North Carolina-based Sky Express , "  which allowed the company to continue operations despite known safety issues . " "  Protecting the traveling public by strengthening bus and truck safety is FMCSA 's number one priority , " the federal organization whose primary mission is to prevent commercial motor-vehicle-related fatalities , said in a statement sent to CNN . "  FMCSA closed the loophole that allowed 10-day extensions for passenger bus companies undergoing safety compliance reviews . It is also why our agency shut down 54 unsafe bus companies in 2011 . " The report cited "  the lack of a comprehensive occupant protection system , including systems for providing passenger restraint and for ensuring sufficient roof strength . " In addition to determining the cause of the accident , federal safety officials recommended expanded research on window glazing requirements to protect occupants from ejection as well as developing ways to assess effectiveness of fatigue management plans to improve alertness and limit driving mistakes . Sky Express shut down shortly after the accident . Cheung was charged with four counts of involuntary manslaughter and reckless driving . Motorcoaches transport 750 million passengers each year , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . CNN 's Alicia Tarancon contributed to this report .	The driver of the tour bus fell asleep , leading to the accident in which four passengers died The NTSB blames the driver , the bus company and the federal oversight agency "  This crash never should have happened , " says the board 's chairman
CNN  -- Police departments in Chicago and New York are trading barbs after a federal judge ruled that New York City 's stop-and-frisk policy was unconstitutional . "  Welcome to Chicago , " a Bronx police officer told the New York Post after the ruling , insinuating that crime rates in New York would approach those of the embattled Midwestern city as a result of the ruling , which mandated changes to stop-and-frisk . Officials in Chicago responded by defending their city 's reputation and taking a shot at New York 's recent judicial defeat . "  We had significantly less crime , significantly fewer shootings and fewer murders of any year since 1965 without imposing on the right of our residents , " said Adam Collins , the spokesman for the Chicago Police Department . "  We do n't engage in racial profiling . " Names of innocent erased from records A judge ruled Monday that the NYPD 's stop-and-frisk program was unconstitutional and it had been disproportionately used on black and Hispanic citizens . Chicago has its own controversial law enforcement policy called "  contact cards . " Under the contact card policy , police can stop individuals and demand information such as name , phone number and the disclosure of any tattoos . However , under the policy , officers do not make physical contact with the individual in question . Despite the controversies , both cities have seen significant reduction in crime . In 2013 , Chicago became the center of a national discussion on hand gun violence when there were more than 500 killings in the city . More than a decade earlier , in 1990 , there were more than 2000 slayings in New York in that single calendar year . Both cities have seen more than a 25 % reduction in homicides and in shootings in 2013 and are on pace for less than 400 murders for the year . As for what started the whole war of words , "  I 'll leave any further opinions on that to other folks , " Collins said . New York Police Department officials did not respond to CNN 's request for comment .	Chicago officers not amused by New York officer 's barbs Tension comes after judge ruled New York City 's stop-and-frisk policy unconstitutional After the ruling , New York officer implied Chicago has a high crime rate
CNN  -- Fear is a terrible thing to waste . Yet modern Americans have squandered it as a tool for managing burgeoning populations of wildlife . A woman is in the hospital after she was mauled by a bear while walking in her central Florida neighborhood on Monday . Authorities caught a 75 - to 100-pound yearling , but think the larger predator bear is still on the prowl . Tom Shupe thinks black bears have a people problem . He 's a state wildlife biologist once responsible for dealing with growing bear-vs . - people conflicts in central Florida . I spent time with Shupe while researching the book "  Nature Wars . " He explained that perpetually hungry black bears need plenty of food habitat . Parents disown yearlings , forcing them to find new space . As their populations grow , they spread out , often from the Ocala National Forest south into the swampy sprawl of Greater Orlando . Trouble starts when a bear turns up in a backyard . Instead of scaring it away , too many people say : "  Oh , is n't he cute . Let 's toss him a cookie . Get the camera . " Thus begins a photo collection of "  Our Bear . " But it 's the beginning of the end for that bear , because the people are teaching it to associate the smell of people with food . The bear comes back for more . Soon it 's breaking into the house . The people call 911 : "  Do something about your bear . " Shupe arrives , darts the bear and moves it 100 miles . But the bear has learned people equals food , and does it again . After three strikes , the bear is shot -- euthanized . But it 's not the bear 's fault . It 's the people 's fault . Deer are eating our gardens and spreading ticks that cause Lyme disease ; coyotes are killing our pets ; turkeys are chasing our children to school ; and geese have overrun our soccer fields because they do n't fear us . And we have done all sorts of things to help them lose their natural fear . People say our conflicts with wild creatures are our fault because we encroached on their habitat . True , but only half the story . Many species encroached right back . Why ? Because our habitat is better than theirs . Ours can sustain many more of them than their un-peopled landscape . We put out all sorts of food for them : lawns , gardens , shrubbery , birdseed , grill grease , garbage , dumpster waste . We offer water : Air-conditioner drip pans are water fountains for raccoons . Edges and hiding places are homes : A coyote can have a litter of pups in that brush behind your garbage and you wo n't know it . And we offer protection from predators , mainly ourselves . The results are mounting in people-vs . - wildlife conflicts . We should be celebrating a conservation success story that is unique on the planet . Instead , we demonize elegant creatures and fight over what to do , or not to do , about too much of a good thing . How did this happen ? How did we turn this story into such a mess ? In a nutshell : Over the last century and half , forests grew back on abandoned farmland ; a century ago we ended commercial hunting and began restoring wild bird and animal populations . Since World War II we sprawled out into suburbs and exurbs -- something early conservationists did n't imagine . The 2000 census showed that for the first time , an absolute majority of the population lived neither in cities nor on working farms but in the vast sprawl zone in between . That 's where family farms were a century ago . Today , it 's full of trees and filling with wildlife . We 've become forest people -- yet we spend 90 % of our time indoors . There we get most of our nature on digital screens , where wild creatures are often portrayed as pets performing all sorts of antics . Research suggests that the white-tailed deer 's biggest predator since the last Ice Age has been man . But sprawl man has largely gotten out of the predation business . He does n't hunt and does n't want others to hunt around him . He 's peppered the landscape with hunting restrictions and enacted all sorts of laws against hunting , firearms discharges , even bow-and-arrow use in some places . What this means is that in just the last few decades , for the first time in 11,000 years , huge swaths of the whitetail 's historic range -- the Eastern United States -- have been put off-limits to its biggest predators . No wonder deer have burgeoned out of control . In Massachusetts , for example , it 's illegal to discharge a firearm within 150 feet of a hard-surfaced road or within 500 feet of an occupied dwelling without the occupants ' written permission -- often not easy to get . Those two laws alone put almost two-thirds of the state effectively off-limits to hunting . Lots of states have similar restrictions and most were imposed in the name of safety . Guns kill 31,500 people annually in the United States , but hunters are relatively safe . Estimates say about 100 people die in hunting accidents , mainly in cases of mistaken identity . These days , deer kill more than twice that many , both in deer-vehicle crashes and when drivers swerve into a tree or an oncoming vehicle . These accidents hospitalize another 30,000 people . Do n't swerve : Hit the deer . Overabundant white-tails , meanwhile , do enormous damage to the landscape , and not just gardens and shrubbery . They are ruining our forests by eating their understories so trees ca n't regenerate . No seedlings . No places for understory birds and the insects they feed their newborn . Black bears are shy and docile creatures motivated by hunger and fear , but they , like deer , beavers , turkeys , waterfowl and others , were almost wiped out in the United States by the end of the 19th century . Daniel and Rebecca Boone reportedly killed 155 of them in one season in Kentucky . With protection , they slowly came back in the 20th century , to about 750,000 in 2002 and perhaps a million or more today . Between 1900 and 2009 , black bears killed 63 people -- 86 % were in the last 40 years . Why the increase ? More bears and more denatured people living in the same habitat . Birdseed sellers now refer to wild birds as "  outdoor pets , " helping to condition people to think that putting out food for wild animals is an act of kindness . It is n't . Food and no fear have turned many normally nocturnal wild creatures diurnal . They hang out among us in the daytime . Nuisance wildlife control people say tossing rocks at coyotes would help reinstill their fear of people . Instead , I 've known people to toss them dog biscuits . Carrying a stick or a golf club is enough to deter wild turkeys , mail carriers tell me . Bear-proofing your garbage cans and taking down your birdfeeders in spring are no-brainers . Conflicts between people and wild animals will continue to rise as both populations grow into one another . There are all sorts of ways to mitigate them , both lethal and nonlethal . Some work better than others . Reinstilling their fear will help . Feeding them wo n't . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jim Sterba .	Jim Sterba : Wildlife more and more encroaching on our space , and we into theirs A bear mauled a woman in Florida neighborhood ; deer-vehicle accidents kill Sterba : Conflicts between people and wild animals will rise as they lose fear of us We indulge them , he says , but we should be reinstilling their fear
CNN  -- The dieting world screams with contradictory advice : Carbs are evil ; carbs are good for you . "  Good fat " is healthy ; "  good fat " has tons of calories . Diets targeted at carbohydrates , proteins or fats result in similiar results , as long as calorie intake was reduced . Researchers at the Harvard School of Public Health and the Pennington Biomedical Research Center put four popular diets -- high carb , high fat , low-fat and high protein -- to the test to see which of the regimens resulted in more weight-loss success . After two years of monitoring the participants , "  all the diets were winners , " said study co-author Dr. Frank Sacks , a professor of cardiovascular disease prevention at the Harvard School of Public Health . "  All produced weight loss and improvements in lipids , reduction in insulin . "  The key really is that it 's calories . It 's not the content of fat or carbohydrates , it 's just calories , " said Sacks . The findings are published in the latest edition of the New England Journal of Medicine . For the study , 811 overweight adults in Boston , Massachusetts , and Baton Rouge , Louisiana , were assigned to one of four diets . A quarter went on a carbohydrate-heavy diet , some on high-fat , others on low-fat and the remaining on high-protein diet . The four diets were not based on popular diets , Sacks said . Regardless of diet , most participants had dramatic weight loss after six months , losing an average of 13 pounds . According to Sacks ' research , many of the 800-plus participants regained weight after a year , but about 80 percent of them lost at least eight pounds after two years . And 15 percent of the participants lost at least 10 percent of their body weight . The study , funded by the National Heart , Lung and Blood Institute of the National Institutes of Health , showed little difference in users ' satiety , hunger or satisfaction with their diets . Participants could attend individual sessions where dieticians educated them and group sessions where they discussed their experiences with one another . Those who had better attendance in the sessions had stronger weight-loss results . "  These findings together point to behavioral factors rather than macronutrient metabolism as the main influences on weight loss , " according to the study . Macronutrients are the three main nutrients the body uses in relatively large amounts : proteins , carbohydrates and fats . Watch the comparisons among four diets . " "  No one of those diets are necessarily better than any other diet , " Sacks said . In an accompanying editorial in the New England Journal of Medicine , Martijin B. Katan wrote the researchers ' hypothesis is "  plausible , " but said the "  differences in macronutrient intake were too small . " There was an underlying similarity between the four diets . On average , the overweight participants had a 750-calorie reduction per day . An average-sized male who consumed 2,800 calories a day was prescribed just over 2,000 calories and a woman who ate 2000 calories a day was prescribed 1,250 calories . All diets were compatible with American Heart Association guidelines , Sack said . The study did not give the participants food . For the first 10 days , participants received menus , then were assigned to create their own using the healthy food options . Depending on their prescribed diet , participants ate a wide range of carbohydrates , fat and protein , derived from healthy foods , such as olive oil , pasta and nut butter . From these results , Sacks recommends going with "  the diet you feel most comfortable that is healthy , that appeals to you in terms of what foods are in it , that is n't a drastic crash diet . Whatever allows you to keep the calories down and not feel really deprived . " Calorie restriction can be done without feeling deprived , said Dr. Luigi Fontana , an associate professor of medicine at the Washington University who studies the effects of calorie restriction on longevity . But he warns against just halving a person 's current diet . Share your weight-loss success story with iReport.com . "  A lot of people think of calorie restriction like eating half a hamburger , half a pack of French fries -- that you can obtain by reducing in half your portions , " Fontana said . "  That 's calorie restriction with malnutrition . " Dr. Melina Jampolis , the diet and fitness expert for CNNhealth warned against drastic measures like completely focusing on one macronutrient . "  People want to be extreme , " she said . "  You say cut back on sugar , they cut it completely . The take-home would be that there is no markedly superior diet . If there was , people would n't stick with it anyway . " Cindy Moore , the director of nutrition therapy at Cleveland Clinic and a registered dietician agreed . "  People gravitate to the latest fads or trends , because they may have known someone who was successful in losing weight . That friend may have been in that early grace period of losing weight . The other thing is people think they need that magic bullet . " But a significant change in eating habits -- like cutting out an entire nutrient group like carbohydrates , proteins or fats , often ca n't be sustained . Weight loss tends to be dramatic during the first few months . Brenda Driver , of Springfield , Missouri , was not involved in the study but says she lost 10 pounds in 10 days on the Atkins diet by eschewing all carbohydrates . The 26-year-old and her fiance said they were "  not looking at a crash diet , but want to jump start weight loss . " The former vegetarians began eating meat again because of the high protein demands of the diet . Driver said she 's aware the Atkins diet is not an ideal long-term plan . Six years ago , she tried the diet for seven months and lost 45 pounds . She finally quit the diet because of her chocolate cravings . This month , Driver and her fiance decided to give the Atkins another try . "  I want to rebel against the whole , ` you 're - engaged-now-you-have-to-lose-weight , ' " she said . But it would be nice to look slimmer in those wedding photos , she said . "  I 'm approaching it as a temporary thing . Vegetarianism is where I want to be the rest of my life . " Moore said the basics of losing weight boil down to this : Limit the calories consumed so a person is taking in less than the body needs or increase activity to burn more energy . The problem , she said is that , "  People get discouraged if weight loss is really , really slow . "	Researchers test four diets for weight-loss effectiveness Dieting theories emphasize carbohydrates , proteins or fats No huge differences seen between diets , key is calorie reduction Share your weight-loss success story with iReport
April , the cruelest month : Time for tax deadlines and tax policy follies . Hence , the resurrection of the so-called Buffett Rule . Named after Warren Buffett , who said it was an outrage that he pays a lower tax rate than his secretary , the proposal is designed to ensure that the really rich -- those with annual reported taxable incomes of more than $ 1 million -- pay an "  effective tax rate " of 30 % . The idea is another attempt by President Barack Obama to restore some measure of progressivity to the tax code . Baffled and blocked by the mythical Joe the Plumber , Obama has been unable to restore the top marginal tax rate on those reporting more than $ 250,000 a year to their pre-George Bush levels , a top rate of 39.6 % from its current 35 % . That seemingly modest proposal was a centerpiece of Obama 's landslide 2008 election campaign . It has gone nowhere . Neither will the Buffett Rule . Why ? Because the idea has three fatal flaws . 1 . The Buffett Rule is moot . It 's dead on arrival . The rule has no chance of getting through the House , even it can get through the Senate . And if history is any guide , any form of tax increase , on anyone , will not bring votes to any person or party in November , so there are no political points to score here . Ask Joe the Plumber . The practical political fact sits alongside some pressing fiscal facts : America is running massive deficits . Our spending is too high . Our revenues are too low . We are a Greece waiting to happen . Meanwhile , inequality of all forms is getting worse . We need to do something , not nothing . Empty April symbolism is nothing . 2 . The Buffett Rule wo n't help solve the real problems . It wo n't help the fiscal problem because it is a drop in the bucket . The most optimistic projections are that the rule might raise $ 50 billion a year . That 's unlikely , because people plan around tax increases , but even if we get it , it is about 3 % of the projected $ 1.5 trillion deficit . The rule could only be meaningful if it were some kind of first step . But first step toward what ? History shows that marginal tax rates were raised on the very highest bracket to 94 % in the midst of World War II . History also shows that almost no one paid tax in this bracket . Why do it then ? Because a top rate of 94 % made lower rates of 50 % and 70 % look more palatable . Is the Buffett Rule a first step toward lowering the 30 % flat rate to those making more than $ 250,000 , or raising other middle-class taxes ? It is hard to see anything very good happening here . 3 . The Buffett Rule , even if enacted , wo n't work because it wo n't really affect Warren Buffett ! The really , really rich in America do n't pay high taxes because they do n't report high incomes . And they do n't report high incomes for perfectly legal reasons . As I have been writing for decades now , the really , really rich , including Robert Kiyosaki 's "  Rich Dad , " follow the three simple steps of Tax Planning 101 : Buy , borrow and die . By buying assets that rise in value without producing cash , the really , really rich benefit from "  unrealized appreciation " that need not go down on any tax form . This is key to the business and investment strategy of Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway . When the really , really rich want to consume , they borrow , also tax-free under the income tax . To cash it all out , the really , really rich die , like we all do -- and then the so-called stepped-up basis on death means that their heirs can sell off assets and pay off debts , tax-free . We can and should attack Tax Planning 101 and make the really , really rich pay some tax . We should address the tax benefits of unrealized appreciation and , even more so , of borrowing . We can do so , surprisingly simply , by a progressive consumption tax , as I and others , like Robert Frank and Greg Mankiw , have advocated for years . That 's real reform that would really affect Warren Buffett . As such , I suppose it must wait until April passes .	The Buffett Rule is designed to make sure those who make over $ 1 million pay more tax Edward McCaffery : The idea has three fatal flaws He says that even if it 's enacted , it would n't really affect namesake Warren Buffett McCaffery : Real reform can be achieved with a progressive consumption tax
PORTSMOUTH , New Hampshire  CNN  -- Sen. John McCain 's visit Tuesday to Concord High School proved to be more than the average guest speaker appearance , with the Republican presidential candidate giving and getting a dose of the campaign 's trademark "  straight talk . " While campaigning Tuesday with her husband , Cindy McCain uses crutches after twisting her knee . During the question-and-answer session , one student rose and asked a pointed question about McCain 's age , 71 : "  If elected , you 'd be older than Ronald Reagan , making you the oldest president . Do you ever worry that , like , you might die in office or get Alzheimer 's or some other disease that might affect your judgment ? " The Arizona senator chuckled slightly as comments of "  Oh my God " filled the room . In a self-deprecating reference to his memory , McCain said his children have joked about their father "  hiding his own Easter eggs , " but quickly added that he is a "  24-7 " worker and will out-campaign any of his rivals . McCain ended the exchange in his quintessential style : "  Thanks for the question , you little jerk . ... You 're drafted . " Another student then asked McCain a question about what he would do for rights for "  LGBTs " -- lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender people . McCain was confused by the question and acknowledged to the audience that he did not know what the initials meant . Once the meaning was clarified , McCain told sophomore William Sleaster he is opposed to any form of discrimination , but he supports the military 's "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell " policy and he opposes same-sex marriage . "  I believe that the sanctity of marriage between man and woman is unique and should be preserved , and I understand the controversy that swirls around that issue , and that debate needs to be continued to be held , but I support that position , " McCain said . "  You want to take away someone 's rights because you believe it 's wrong , " Sleaster followed up . "  I do n't put that interpretation on my position , but I understand yours , " McCain responded , seeming to enjoy the back and forth . "  I came here looking to see a good leader . I do n't , " Sleaster said before leaving the microphone to some boos and gasps from the audience and an eventual scolding by a school administrator . "  Listen , I understand , " McCain told the buzzing crowd . "  I thank you . That 's what America is all about , and I appreciate your views . " Asked later at a news conference , McCain said he had never heard the initials "  LGBT " before , but knew the phrase . Iraq dominated much of McCain 's comments before the packed auditorium . He reiterated his support for U.S. strategy there , and played up his criticism of the way the war was handled until recently . "  I was the only one of the major Republican candidates who adamantly , vociferously opposed the -LSB- former Defense Secretary Donald -RSB- Rumsfeld strategy and fought hard for the strategy -LSB- of using more troops -RSB- that we 're employing today , " he told reporters . "  The others thought it was fine . That 's because they do n't have the knowledge or background and experience that I do on issues of national security . That 's a clear indication of it . " E-mail to a friend	GOP presidential candidate Sen. John McCain takes questions from students McCain says he is ready despite being older than Reagan if he takes office Arizona Republican backs continuation of Pentagon 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy McCain reiterates opposition to same-sex marriage
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A group of former U.S. military and intelligence officers , including retired Navy SEALs , appear in a 22-minute documentary that was released on Wednesday asserting that the Obama administration has leaked considerable classified intelligence about the raid that killed Osama bin Laden for political gain . They also claim that the administration has given itself too much credit for this feat of American arms and intelligence gathering . The film even makes the dramatic charge that the Obama administration is "  purposefully putting lives in jeopardy " because of its purported leaks about national security . The charges bear some resemblance to the "  Swift Boat " tactics used against Sen. John Kerry in the tight 2004 presidential election against President George W. Bush in which Kerry 's service in Vietnam , seemingly a strength of the candidate , was turned into a weakness . GOP strategists : Bain attack ads are this year 's Swift Boat campaign The particulars of the indictment against Obama as laid out in the new film , which is titled "  Dishonorable Disclosures , " are : -- The president announced the bin Laden raid before intelligence picked up from bin Laden 's compound could be fully exploited . -- The use of hitherto covert "  stealth " helicopters on the raid was publicized . -- The name of the secret unit that executed the raid -- SEAL Team Six -- was made public putting them and their families at risk . -- The name of the Pakistani doctor recruited by the CIA to help find bin Laden was leaked , jeopardizing him and the CIA 's ability to recruit spies in the future . The doctor is now serving 33 years in a Pakistani prison . Pakistani doctor who helped US appeals verdict -- Obama has taken way too much credit for killing al Qaeda 's leader . "  Mr. President , you did not kill Osama bin Laden , America did . The work that the American military has done killed Osama bin Laden . You did not , " says a former Navy SEAL interviewed in the film . Criticism of the way that the bin Laden raid has been discussed publicly by the Obama administration makes up the bulk of "  Dishonorable Disclosures , " but the administration is also taken to task for supposedly leaking details of covert U.S. actions against the Iranian nuclear program to New York Times reporter David Sanger  who has said he was not the recipient of "  deliberate leaks out of the White House "  and outlining to other journalists the personal involvement of Obama in selecting targets for the CIA drone program in Pakistan . One former Navy SEAL featured in the film demands dramatically , "  Tell the president to stop leaking information to the enemy . " Is there any merit to these serious accusations ? In fact , Obama and his national security team made every effort -- successfully -- to keep the intelligence about bin Laden a closely held secret for almost a year , from the time they first identified what they believed might be the al Qaeda leader 's hideout in the city of Abbottabad , Pakistan , in August 2010 until May 1 , 2011 , when the raid was launched to kill him . The raid itself was conducted as a covert operation under the overall direction of then-CIA Director Leon Panetta . I have written a book about the hunt for bin Laden during the course of which I was the only journalist granted access by the Pakistanis inside the compound in Abbottabad where bin Laden was killed . I also spoke on the record about the hunt for bin Laden with a variety of current White House , Pentagon and intelligence officials , as well as former Defense Department and CIA officials familiar with aspects of the story . None of them divulged classified information about the bin Laden operation . Indeed , they went to great pains to avoid doing so . What precipitated the operation going public was not Obama 's announcement of the raid but the crash of one of the Black Hawk choppers used in the raid , which turned what had hitherto been a covert operation into a very public event . Pakistani journalists started arriving at bin Laden 's Abbottabad compound soon after the helicopter crashed and started filing stories about the mysterious helicopter and its oddly shaped tail rotor . An Abbottabad resident even tweeted about the unusual sound of helicopters flying over the city in the middle of the night . It was n't much of a leap for reporters to ascertain that these helicopters had particular features that had prevented them from being detected by Pakistani radar . Soon after the SEALs had raided the Abbottabad command , Pakistani officials on the ground were interrogating bin Laden 's wives and children at the compound who told them that bin Laden had just been killed . None of this was going to stay secret for long . Indeed , it was Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani , Pakistan 's top military officer , who sped up the Obama administration 's announcement of the raid . A few hours after the raid , Kayani told his American counterpart , Adm. Mike Mullen , "  Our people need to understand what happened here . We 're not going to be able to manage the Pakistani media without you confirming this . You can explain it to them . They need to understand that this was bin Laden and not just some ordinary U.S. operation . " Mullen then told Obama and his national security team , "  Kayani has asked for us to go public , " which swayed Obama to announce the raid sooner than was planned .  Obama wanted to wait for 100 % DNA confirmation that it was bin Laden . At the time of the president 's announcement about the raid the confirmation was at 95 % . During his speech to the nation and world , Obama did not divulge the name of SEAL Team Six , saying only that a "  small team of Americans carried out the operation with extraordinary courage and capability . " A visit to Osama bin Laden 's lair It quickly leaked that SEAL Team Six had executed the raid , but this was hardly surprising as the SEALs are the principal Special Operations Forces in the Afghanistan/Pakistan theater , something that has been discussed in multiple news stories over the past several years and in bestselling books such as "  Lone Survivor " by former Navy SEAL Marcus Luttrell . And the SEALs have hardly kept a low profile of late , cooperating in a movie "  Act of Valor " that was released in theaters this year , which actually featured real SEALs playing the parts of the heroes of the movie . Perhaps if you had absolutely no knowledge of the U.S. military , or indeed access to Wikipedia where SEAL Team Six has had an entry since 2004 , it would be news to you that SEAL Team Six , along with the Army 's Delta Force , are America 's premier counterterrorism units . Obviously , a mission to take out bin Laden would not be entrusted to any other than these elite units . So the notion that the public naming of the unit that killed bin Laden endangers the lives of its members and their families is overwrought . Members of SEAL Team Six are well able to take care of themselves and their families . And who first leaked the involvement of SEAL Team Six in the bin Laden operation remains unclear . It is just plain wrong that anyone in the U.S. government leaked the name of the CIA asset in Pakistan , Dr Shakil Afridi , who was recruited by the agency in its quest to find bin Laden . This information first surfaced in a story in the Guardian newspaper in July 2011 after Afridi was arrested by the Pakistani intelligence service , ISI . It is obvious that this information was leaked not by the Americans but the Pakistanis who have done their own investigation of the bin Laden raid , which embarrassed them considerably . As to the notion that Obama has taken too much credit for the bin Laden raid , well he is commander-in-chief , and it was entirely his decision to launch the risky raid on Abbottabad based on the only fragmentary intelligence that bin Laden might be there . As Adm. William McRaven , who was the military commander of the bin Laden raid , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer last month , "  at the end of the day , make no mistake about it , it was the president of the United States that shouldered the burden for this operation , that made the hard decisions , that was instrumental in the planning process , because I pitched every plan to him . " The raid decision was opposed by Vice President Joe Biden , who had run for the Democratic nomination for the presidency against Obama . If Biden had won the White House in 2008 , Osama bin Laden might still be alive . And the decision to do the raid was also opposed by Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , who had served every president going back to Richard Nixon . Gates was concerned about some kind of replay of the 1980 Iran hostage rescue debacle , which helped to turn President Jimmy Carter into a one-term president . The notion that the decision to greenlight the risky raid was made by anyone other than Obama is just plain silly , and it was a decision he made against the advice of both his vice president and his secretary of defense . The film "  Dishonorable Disclosures " gets even sillier . At one point one of the former officers interviewed for the film charges that the Obama administration "  divulged to the world we are using drone technology . " The fact that the United States uses drones in Pakistan is one of the world 's worst kept secrets . In fact , the New America Foundation where I work has maintained a public database of these attacks since early 2010 . ' First look at the Osama bin Laden movie Similarly , the claim that the Obama administration has recently leaked information about the Stuxnet virus attacks on the Iranian nuclear program to the New York Times is overblown , as this information has been reported since 2010 , and the Iranians themselves publicly acknowledged that their nuclear program was under cyberattack two years ago . It is true that the U.S. role in the cyberattacks was disclosed in the New York Times . And in June , Attorney General Eric Holder appointed two federal prosecutors to investigate leaks including the New York Times story about Obama ordering the cyberattacks against Iran with the Stuxnet virus . There remains much that is unknown about the still-classified intelligence surrounding the bin Laden raid , including : -- How did the CIA find the real name of bin Laden 's courier who was the key to finding him ? -- How was the courier 's cell phone first tracked down ? -- How was he tracked to bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad ? -- How did the CIA establish a safe house in Abbottabad ? And who staffed it ? None of this information has been leaked , and it remains classified for good reason as it gets into the CIA 's "  sources and methods . " Do n't expect to hear any of those details any time soon .	Former U.S. officers accuse Obama of leaking classified information for political gain Peter Bergen says much of the information cited came from sources outside White House He says administration sought to keep details secret , but events led to disclosures Bergen says the idea that Obama does n't deserve credit for bin Laden raid is wrong
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea will "  firmly " respond to future provocations from North Korea , South Korean President Lee Myung-bak said Monday , declaring that his nation "  can not remain patient " in the face of continued hostility from Pyongyang . "  Fellow citizens , at this point , actions are more important than words , " Lee said in a televised address Monday morning . "  Please have trust in the government and the military and support us . " The divided peninsula -- tense at the best of times -- has been near the boiling point since Tuesday , when four people died in a North Korean artillery barrage that targeted the South Korean island of Yeonpyeong . Lee called that attack an "  inhuman crime " that followed decades of previous attacks from North Korea , including the sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan in March . "  It is difficult at this point to expect North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons or military adventurism , " he said . "  We are now clearly aware that we can not stay patient and be generous . That will only give rise to bigger provocations . " Lee 's address came a day after South Korean and U.S. forces started joint military exercises Sunday , prompting a furious response from North Korea . The aircraft carrier USS George Washington is set to join South Korea 's forces near the coasts of China and North Korea for the four-day drill , which the North called "  no more than an attempt to find a pretext for aggression and ignite a war at any cost , " according to the official Korean Central News Agency . China , North Korea 's closest ally , called Sunday for an emergency meeting of the six major powers involved in talks about the Korean peninsula . Top diplomats from the six nations -- which also include Japan , the United States and Russia -- need to meet soon to "  maintain peace and stability on the peninsula and ease the tension " in the region , Beijing 's special representative for the region , Wu Dawei , said Sunday . A top Chinese envoy met with Lee on Sunday , and a high-ranking North Korean official will visit Beijing this week , China 's Xinhua news agency said . South Korea said Sunday it did not think the time was right for a resumption of the six-party talks , but said it would "  bear in mind " the Chinese proposal . In Washington , meanwhile , a State Department spokesperson told CNN that it is consulting with its allies , but resumed six-party talks "  can not substitute for action by North Korea to comply with its obligations . " "  Clear steps by North Korea are needed to demonstrate a change of behavior , " said the spokesperson , who was not authorized to speak for attribution . And U.S. Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " Sunday that the flare-up exposed the failure of "  continued appeasment " of North Korea by Republican and Democratic administrations . He said the United States has given North Korea more than $ 1 billion in aid over the past 15 years with the goal of getting them to the negotiating table . "  It seems the purpose of everything is to get the North Koreans to the table , " said McCain , the ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee . "  The North Koreans ' only claim to their position on the world stage is their nuclear capability . And they have a terrible , most repressive , oppressive regime in the world . They have hundreds of thousands of people in slave labor camps . And all of that seems to be sacrificed in the altar of , quote , ` negotiations . ' " In his Monday speech , South Korea 's Lee said efforts to resolve the international standoff through negotiations and humanitarian assistance to the North were met with "  nuclear development and the sinking of the Cheonan . " He said the attack on Yeonpyeong Island would have been unlawful even in wartime , adding , "  I can not but be angered at their cruelty . " North Korea said the South provoked the attack because shells from a South Korean millitary drill landed in the North 's waters . And it has consistently denied responsibility for the sinking of the Cheonan , which killed 46 South Korean sailors . A group of 124 people left Yeonpyeong Island by boat Sunday . The South Korean defense ministry is urging journalists to leave the island voluntarily because of the instability , the Foreign Correspondents ' Club of Seoul said Sunday . The North called reports of civilian casualties part of South Korea 's "  propaganda campaign " and accused the "  enemy " of creating "  a human shield by deploying civilians around artillery positions and inside military facilities before the launch of the provocation . " The violence has sparked anger and political turmoil in South Korea . The country 's defense minister , Kim Tae-young resigned after the exchange of fire , and veterans of the South Korean military protested Saturday on the streets of Seoul , stating they were angry that their country 's government had not done enough to respond to the North 's shelling . The tense maritime border between the two Koreas has become the major military flashpoint on the Korean peninsula in recent years . The Yeonpyeong attack was the first direct artillery assault on South Korea since 1953 , when an armistice ended fighting . North and South Korea are still technically at war . Journalists Andrew Salmon and Jiyeon Lee and CNN 's Stan Grant and Tim Schwarz contributed to this report .	NEW : Lee condemns last week 's shelling as an "  inhuman crime " NEW : "  We can not stay patient and be generous " South Korea will consider a Chinese call for emergency talks North Korea calls the military exercises a pretext for war and aggression
CNN  -- Divers are recovering bottles of champagne that have been lying at the bottom of the Baltic Sea for about two centuries , an autonomous Finnish island official said Wednesday . About 70 bottles lie mostly undamaged at 50 meters deep -LSB- roughly 164 feet -RSB- south of the Aland Islands . "  The first bottle was brought to the surface in mid-July , " Rainer Juslin , permanent secretary of the island 's ministry of education , science and culture , told CNN via telephone from Mariehamn , the capital of the Aland islands . "  We believe this is the oldest champagne in the world . " Juslin said that the cargo was aboard a ship believed to be heading from Copenhagen , Denmark , to St Petersburg , Russia , between 1800 and 1830 . It could have possibly been sent by France 's King Louis XVI to the Russian Imperial Court . "  Champagne of this kind was popular in high levels -LSB- of society -RSB- and was exclusive to rich groups -- it was not a drink for common people then , " Juslin said . Juslin said some of the bottles already retrieved had some cracks and a few corks on the bottles had corroded , leaving the possibility open that "  salt water leaked into some bottles ... but for the undamaged bottles , they could be very high quality -LSB- champagne -RSB- . " Some of the bottles were originally produced by Juglar , a premium champagne house no longer in existence , according to Juslin . He said the cold sea water was a perfect way to store the vintage bubbly , with the temperature remaining a near-constant 4-5 degrees Celsius -LSB- around freezing temperature in Fahrenheit , or 32 degrees -RSB- and no light to expedite the spoiling process . "  This was the ultimate conditions for storage , " Juslin said . "  And it would never freeze . " Juslin speculated the ship carrying the cargo may have been Finnish or another Scandinavian ship . The island chain is at the entrance of the Gulf of Bothnia , in the Baltic Sea , and is an island of Swedish speaking people , though the island itself falls under Finnish control . The islands form an archipelago of more than 6,000 skerries and islands .	About 70 bottles lie mostly undamaged south of the Aland Island "  The first bottle was brought to the surface in mid-July , " official says The champagne is believed to have been aboard the ship between 1800 and 1830
Delhi  CNN  An international human rights group is calling for an independent investigation of the killings by police of 20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers in southeastern India . "  There must be a criminal investigation to determine whether the police used excessive force , and whether the killings amount to ` fake encounters , ' or staged extrajudicial executions " , said Abhirr Vp , of Amnesty International India . "  The police are not above the law , and must not be treated like they are . " Those responsible should be brought to justice , according to Amnesty . "  Lethal force should not be used except when strictly unavoidable in order to protect life , " Vp said . A police official , Deputy Inspector General Kantha Rao , declined comment Wednesday , saying an "  investigation is still going on . " The incident in question took place early Tuesday in India 's southeastern Andhra Pradesh state . Forest officials near the town of Tirupati spotted hundreds of smugglers cutting trees for red sandalwood , Rao said Tuesday . The forest officials , who were unarmed , called for police . "  We saw several trees chopped down , " Rao said said . "  These guys came prepared and were heavily armed . " Rao said that the ensuing gun battle lasted more than three hours and 20 smugglers were shot . Many of them came from the neighboring state of Tamil Nadu , he said . Amnesty International said the police were claiming self-defense , alleging the suspects attacked them with stone and axes . "  However , no police official was injured , " the Amnesty statement said . "  Most of the suspected smugglers were shot in the back . " According to Amnesty , India 's National Human Rights Commission has said the incident "  involved a serious violation of human rights of the individuals , " and that "  the opening of firing can not be justified on the ground of self defense since it resulted in the loss of lives of 20 persons . " The commission has asked senior government and police officials to explain the actions of the police and forest officials within two weeks , Amnesty said . Police said sandalwood smuggling is common in the area . Local media are reporting that politicians from Tamil Nadu have lodged a protest against the Andhra Pradesh government , saying the alleged smugglers were murdered in cold blood . Kunal Sehgal in Delhi contributed to this report .	Amnesty calls for probe of India police shooting of 20 suspected smugglers Police decline comment , saying "  investigation is still going on " India 's National Human Rights Commission says incident involved "  serious violation of human rights of the individuals . "
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Rebels in Tripoli furiously hunting for signs of longtime Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi are exploring a network of tunnels and bunkers built beneath his massive compound . CNN 's Sara Sidner got a peek at the passageways Friday . She dubbed it "  Gadhafi 's inner sanctum . " The correspondent , who 's been covering the battle of Tripoli , walked down steps into a pitch-dark tunnel and used a flashlight to navigate an underworld described as "  massive . " So far , she said , rebels have cleared about 700 meters of underground passages . The tunnel network is believed to extend all the way to the city 's international airport and the Rixos hotel . That 's where 33 journalists and two foreign nationals were held for five days by pro-Gadhafi forces . It also is thought to extend to a neighborhood where Gadhafi forces were lobbing shells recently toward the compound after it was taken over by the rebels . The tunnels Sidner saw are wide enough for adults to walk side by side . She spotted a golf cart that can easily fit in the corridors . Sidner also saw a range of other sights as she strolled through the labyrinth : A thick wall , a massive door and a sturdy lock . A charred ceiling , couches and beds where a fire apparently occurred . Pieces of metal and shrapnel . A section where NATO bombs fell and the roof caved in . Another room contained videotapes lined up on a shelf , part of a TV studio where Gadhafi may have recorded messages . "  It 's set up like a survival bunker , " Sidner said in an on-air report . "  There is literally a city under here . "	CNN 's Sara Sidner sees another world in a tunnel below Tripoli Gadhafi may have recorded his taped messages in a studio there Rebels are methodically searching through the winding passages
A California artist is turning people into paintings . Alexa Meade skips the canvas in her artwork . Instead , she physically paints on human subjects -- on their clothes , their shoes , their skin , their hair . Then she places them in a real-life setting and photographs it . The result is an image that looks like a painting within a photo . It 's an optical illusion that blurs the lines of where reality ends and art begins . "  We are so used to taking things at face value . And then all of a sudden , something defies your perception . It makes you rethink what you 've seen there , " Meade said . Meade 's work comes together in four steps -- painting , photography , art installations and performance art . "  I like for my work to create this living element . When you look at a photo of one of my installations , you see the painted thing but then you actually see the person coming through it , " said the 27-year-old , who lives in Los Angeles . "  You see the eyes , the hair , and these signs of life . It creates this beautiful tension between the painted surface and the photographed person beneath it . " A chance career Meade 's talent for turning a three-dimensional scene into what looks like a two-dimensional painting almost went unnoticed . "  A lot of people ask me where I went to art school , but I did n't study art . I studied politics , " said the Vassar College graduate . "  I set up this really comfortable career path for myself ... but I realized I 'd always dreamed of being an artist . ... At 22 , I decided that I would pick this up and make it my job to teach myself how to paint . " Instead of sitting behind a desk , Meade ended up in her parents ' basement in Washington , painting on grapefruits , fried eggs and sausage . She started painting on people by chance . "  When I originally started this project , the idea was to capture shadows . I started putting black paint down on shadows and then I started putting black paint on people on the shadows , " she said . "  Before I knew it , I was turning people into paintings . " But following her passion meant finding creative ways to make a living . "  Making art is something that comes out of you , but the job of being an artist is something completely different , " she said . "  It was really terrifying going from this idea of having a steady job trying to make a career in politics to becoming an artist . ... I 've had to be quite entrepreneurial with figuring out how I could support myself through my artwork . " When Meade first started her career , she did n't have any art shows . So she created one . She painted a man in her basement and then photographed him on the D.C. subway . "  It was like the greatest art opening ever . Everyone was asking what was going on and taking photos , " she said . "  The art show on the subway turned out to be one of my most iconic pieces of work . " A boost from the Internet Meade got her big break when a post about her work went viral . "  There was this blog post ... on body painting . And my friend wrote in the comments , ` You should check out Alexa Meade 's work , ' " she said . "  The next day the blogger posted a photo of my work , a 12-word caption and a link to my website . And then all of a sudden overnight it went totally viral . I was getting phone calls from all over the world . " The exposure eventually led to her to giving a speech at the 2013 TEDGlobal conference in Edinburgh , Scotland . "  Being able to share my story at the TED conference has allowed almost 2 million people now to watch the video and learn about what I do , " Meade said . With all the buzz on the Internet , Meade no longer has to search for people to model for her . "  When I first started out , it was impossible to get people to model for me , " she said . "  But now I have a waiting list of over a thousand people . " Meade has made a name for herself through exhibitions , commissioned portraits and special projects , such as painting a MINI Cooper on the streets of Tokyo . She also sells limited-edition prints on her website . "  It 's always a risky thing to go for the improbable , " she said . "  But there 's this saying that I really love that is , ` Without risking the ridiculous , artists will never get anywhere beyond the pre-validated and mundane . ' And I chose to risk the ridiculous . "	Artist Alexa Meade physically paints on human subjects Then she places them in a real-life setting and photographs it After her work went viral online , she was invited to give a TED talk Meade loves "  beautiful tension " between painted surface and photographed person
CNN  -- We found out I was pregnant in August 2012 . It was time to start our family , time to start the next chapter of our lives . The next months were going to be the best time in our lives . I had an uneventful pregnancy . We went to all the regular prenatal checkups , including one with a 4-D ultrasound . We found out we were having a boy , and decided we would name him after my father , who had died of a heart attack a week after we confirmed the pregnancy . Finally , May arrived . We were prepared . We headed to the hospital and at 1:15 a.m. our beautiful boy arrived . Everything was just perfect -- until it was n't . I could n't see his fingers , and I could n't make out his hand . What was this ? Was he going to be OK ? Nobody in the delivery room had an answer . The neonatal intensive care unit was called in and the doctor told us it was likely amniotic band syndrome . Within minutes , my son and husband were taken by ambulance to a children 's hospital . I was devastated . I had waited so long for his arrival , and my boy had been whisked away . I wanted so badly to hold him . I was his mother , and I would fix this . The days after a birth are supposed to be filled with bliss . Ours were filled with scouring the Internet for any information we could find . I saw nothing to help parents . I saw nothing to help us . I had read all the baby books . I had all the tests . How could I have never heard of ABS ? According to the National Institutes of Health , amniotic band syndrome is a condition where stringlike bands extend from the inner lining of the amnion , the sac that surrounds the baby in the womb . As the baby develops , its extremities may become entangled in these bands . Blood flow is restricted , resulting in stunted growth or even amputation . "  ABS is spontaneous and not genetically linked . It affects 1 in 5,000 to 1 in 10,000 live births , " says Dr. Foong-Yen Lim , surgical director of the Cincinnati Fetal Center at Cincinnati Children 's Medical Center . Our son was born with the bands still attached to his hand . The thumb on his left hand was severed . His first and second fingers were the size of golf balls . A band had wrapped around his right leg above his ankle . Thankfully , his leg and foot had formed normally , but the scar from the band was deep . Multiple surgeons told us to amputate his two swollen fingers , but I knew that he used those fingers . He used them to put his pacifier back in and to rub his eyes . Finally , Dr. Emily Hattwick , a pediatric orthopedic hand surgeon at Children 's National Health System in Washington , told us that she could reconstruct our son 's fingers . Yes , they would be small , but he would get use out of them . She showed us pictures of hands belonging to children just like my son . Colson had reconstructive surgery at just 9 weeks old , and will need surgery on his leg in the next few months to release the amniotic band above his ankle . He will need yet another on his thumb to lengthen it . He is 15 months old , and he uses his fingers to pick up food and to hold his sippy cup . He uses them just the way any other child would , only his are smaller . Our son does n't know any different because this is how he was born . But we worry about him learning to tie his shoes . We worry about him starting school . We also worry about bullies . Since our son 's diagnosis , we have found multiple places of support . There are Facebook groups for parents of children with ABS . There is also a wonderful and supportive group called Lucky Fin Project that celebrates children with limb differences . Every day he puts my mind at ease . He has a strength that is unimaginable . There is no doubt he will be able to do anything his heart desires , and we will be there every step of the way to support our beautiful , perfect boy .	Amniotic band syndrome restricts blood to a baby 's limbs in utero ABS affects 1 of every 5,000 to 10,000 live births Lucky Fin Project celebrates children with limb differences
CNN  -- Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki set five tons of elephant tusks and ivory carvings ablaze Wednesday in the first national celebration of African Elephant Law Enforcement Day . The president burned 335 elephant tusks and more than 40,000 ivory carvings , which were seized from smugglers in Singapore , according to a news statement by the Kenya Wildlife Service . According to the agency , 187 Kenyan elephants were illegally killed in 2010 . Kibaki said he wants his country to be at the forefront of wildlife conservation . "  Through the disposal of contraband ivory , we seek to formally demonstrate to the world our determination to eliminate all forms of illegal trade in ivory , " Kibaki said . Hundreds of conservationists traveled to the country to highlight the ongoing fight against wildlife crimes , the statement said . The event marked the culmination of a week of conservation-themed celebrations that included the launch of a new African wildlife monitoring system . Noah Wekesa , Kenya 's minister for forestry and wildlife , said the country is also finalizing a bill that will severely penalize poachers to ensure illegal wildlife trade has no "  haven within our region . " In May , Kenyan officials seized 115 pieces of ivory disguised as diplomatic baggage at the Jomo Kenyatta International Airport . Kibaki said countries need to understand the effects illegal trade has on national economies . "  We can not afford to sit back and allow criminal networks to destroy our common future , " he said .	More than 40,000 ivory carvings and 335 elephant tusks are burned The Kenyan president says he wants to deter smuggling A bill will be finalized to punish poachers for illegal trading
On Wednesday , when New York Times publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr. told his staff that he had dismissed executive editor Jill Abramson , he cited an "  issue with management in the newsroom " and said he would n't get into the details . On Saturday , he concluded that he had to -- and he sent a detailed 475-word statement to the press that listed Abramson 's shortcomings . The unsparing statement came after days of news reports that questioned whether Abramson was the victim of sexism . Allies of Abramson told The New Yorker that she had spoken up after finding out that she 'd been paid less than her predecessor in the job , Bill Keller . On Saturday , Sulzberger acknowledged that her firing had been "  cast by many as an example of the unequal treatment of women in the workplace . " "  Rather than accepting that this was a situation involving a specific individual who , as we all do , has strengths and weaknesses , a shallow and factually incorrect storyline has emerged , " Sulzberger said . He asserted that her total "  pay package " -- not just her salary , but stock and other compensation -- "  was comparable with Bill Keller 's ; in fact , by her last full year as executive editor , it was more than 10 percent higher than his . " Then he listed what he said were the management issues that led him to abruptly replace her with Dean Baquet , who had been managing editor for news . The statement came as a surprise because until Saturday , it appeared that both sides had agreed not to speak publicly about her departure . "  Jill is an outstanding journalist and editor , but with great regret , I concluded that her management of the newsroom was simply not working out , " Sulzberger said in the statement . "  During her tenure , I heard repeatedly from her newsroom colleagues , women and men , about a series of issues , including arbitrary decision-making , a failure to consult and bring colleagues with her , inadequate communication and the public mistreatment of colleagues . " Sulzberger said he "  warned her " that she "  risked losing the trust of both masthead and newsroom " if she did not improve . "  She acknowledged that there were issues and agreed to try to overcome them . " The Times reported earlier this week that Abramson had retained a consultant to "  help her with her management style . " Sulzberger said "  it became clear , however , that the gap was too big to bridge and ultimately I concluded that she had lost the support of her masthead colleagues and could not win it back . " He did not specify when this became clear . He reportedly met with Baquet and listened to concerns about Abramson earlier this month . Through a spokeswoman , Sulzberger declined a followup interview request on Saturday . Abramson has not responded to interview requests since Wednesday . Her daughter -- who has used Instagram to communicate about the shakeup at The Times -- wrote on Friday , "  The story is n't over , not even close . " Opinion : Was Jill Abramson fired because she is a woman ?	New York Times publisher dismissed executive editor Jill Abramson on Wednesday News reports afterward questioned whether Abramson was a victim of sexism On Saturday , Arthur Sulzberger Jr. gave more details in a statement to the media Among terms used : " ... arbitrary decision-making , " "  public mistreatment of colleagues "
Mashable  -- AT&T , criticized and even despised for its inability to keep up with growing mobile data usage , thinks it has found the solution to its network woes . And all it will cost the telecom giant is $ 39 billion and months  or even years  of regulatory hurdles . In a stunning move , AT&T has acquired T-Mobile USA for a whopping $ 39 billion from Deutsche Telekom . Along with acquiring approximately 8 % of AT&T , Deutsche Telekom will also be gaining a seat on AT&T 's board of directors . The new combined entity , if it can garner regulatory approval , will be largest carrier in the U.S. by leaps and bounds . AT&T and T-Mobile USA combined have over 25 % more subscribers now than Verizon  125 + million vs. 93 + million  . This acquisition is n't about subscriber bases , though ; it 's about improving AT&T 's reliability and preparing it for the 4G era of wireless communication . The spectrum problem AT&T 's press release tells a very clear story of why AT&T bought T-Mobile and why T-Mobile bought AT&T . It 's no secret that AT&T has a tattered reputation . The iPhone may have brought it millions of new customers and billions in revenue , but the vast increase in data usage has also strained the network to unacceptable levels . There would n't have been so much hype surrounding the Verizon iPhone if AT&T 's network did n't drop so many calls and upset so many customers . And while AT&T is investing billions to upgrade its network , it takes years to get the approval to build new towers , especially in metropolitan areas such as San Francisco . Without a dramatic move , AT&T 's network was n't going to get better anytime soon . Two sections of AT&T 's press release are devoted specifically to this problem . It 's a testament to just how crucial this problem is to AT&T 's future . The first problem it addresses is spectrum : The wireless carrier simply does n't have enough wireless spectrum to fuel the accelerating growth it has experienced over the last few years . "  AT&T 's mobile data traffic grew 8,000 percent over the past four years and by 2015 it is expected to be eight to 10 times what it was in 2010 , " AT&T explained in its announcement . "  Put another way , all of the mobile traffic volume AT&T carried during 2010 is estimated to be carried in just the first six to seven weeks of 2015 . " AT&T believes it will take years until more spectrum is opened up by the U.S. government for mobile broadband use . The simplest way to get its hands on precious broadband is through acquisition , and T-Mobile USA has the most GSM broadband spectrum after AT&T . The infrastructure problem The second problem is infrastructure . AT&T simply ca n't build towers fast enough , and the approval process to build the unsightly things acts as a major roadblock to the company 's efforts to boost its network reliability . So if you ca n't build towers fast enough , what 's the next best way to get them ? That 's right : You acquire them . "  At closing , AT&T will immediately gain cell sites equivalent to what would have taken on average five years to build without the transaction , and double that in some markets , " AT&T notes in its press release . "  The combination will increase AT&T 's network density by approximately 30 percent in some of its most populated areas , while avoiding the need to construct additional cell towers . " $ 39 billion is a lot of money to buy some towers , but because T-Mobile USA utilizes GSM technology  rather than the CDMA technology employed by Verizon  , it can immediately use them to boost its network . If the deal is approved , expect AT&T to quickly offload some of its mobile data traffic on T-Mobile 's infrastructure . AT&T may be talking a lot about 4G in its press release , but T-Mobile has no LTE technology or infrastructure to offer . No , today 's acquisition is all about bolstering AT&T 's network and beginning the process of repairing its reputation .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	AT&T thinks it has found the solution to its network woes AT&T acquired T-Mobile USA for a whopping $ 39 billion from Deutsche Telekom AT&T and T-Mobile USA combined have over 25 % more subscribers now than Verizon
Washington  CNN  -- Last month , Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano said the threat of terrorism to the United States is at its "  most heightened " since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks -- a threat that she asserted has taken on a new and disquieting form because of the growing emphasis by Islamist terrorist groups on recruiting Americans . Napolitano 's warning came at the first in a series of hearings convened by the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , Rep. Peter King , R-New York , who is determined to investigate what he terms the radicalization of Muslim-American communities , a problem he says is compounded by their lack of cooperation with law enforcement . The hearings , scheduled to begin in earnest Thursday , have caused consternation among many Muslim-Americans who worry that they will devolve into a McCarthyite witch hunt . So , how real is the "  homegrown " Islamist terrorist threat ? The New America Foundation and Syracuse University 's Maxwell School of Public Policy examined the post-9 / 11 cases of Americans or U.S. residents convicted of or charged with some form of jihadist terrorist activity directed against the U.S. , as well as the cases of American citizens who have traveled overseas to join a jihadist terrorist group . Read the full report The number of such cases has certainly spiked in the past two years . In 2009 and 2010 , there were 76 , almost half of the total since 9/11 . This increase was driven in part by plots that could have killed dozens , such as the attempt by Faisal Shahzad , a Pakistani-American , to bomb Times Square in May . It was also driven by nine arrests in FBI sting operations and the 31 people who were charged with fundraising , recruiting or traveling abroad to fight for the Somali terrorist group Al-Shabaab . Only four of the homegrown plots since 9/11 progressed to an actual attack in the U. S. -- attacks that resulted in 17 deaths . The most notable was the 2009 shooting at Fort Hood , Texas , in which Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan allegedly killed 13 people . By way of comparison , 73 people were killed in hate crimes in the U.S. between 2001 and 2009 , according to the FBI . And more than 15,000 people are murdered in the U.S. every year . None of the 175 individual jihadist terrorism cases we investigated involved plotting with chemical , biological , radiological or nuclear weapons . Given all the post-9 / 11 concerns about terrorists armed with weapons of mass destruction , this is one of our more positive findings . The U.S. military , fighting wars in two Muslim countries , is firmly in the cross hairs of homegrown jihadist militants . Around one-third of such cases involved a U.S. military target , ranging from the U.S. Marine Corps base in Quantico , Virginia , to American soldiers serving overseas . And in a third of the cases , the individuals involved were training on weapons or were manufacturing or acquiring weaponry . Contrary to King 's assertion that Muslim-American communities have not cooperated with law enforcement , more than one-fifth of the post-9 / 11 Islamist terrorism cases originated with tips from Muslim community members or involved the cooperation of the families of alleged plotters .  Not included in our total were the tips from the local community that led to investigations into the disappearances of Somali-American youths in Minnesota to fight for Al-Shabaab , because it is difficult to put an exact number on the cases affected by those tips . Tips from Muslim communities and families warned authorities , for instance , about the danger posed by Daniel Boyd , who was planning to attack the Quantico base in 2009 , as well as the "  D.C. 5 , " who tried to join militant groups in Pakistan the same year . A third of cases we surveyed involved the use of an informant , while a further one in 10 involved an undercover federal agent .  Five cases involved both  . The large number of informants and undercover agents driving these cases raises the issue of how many of these arrests happened because the defendants were entrapped . While no one in a terrorism case since 9/11 has successfully used an entrapment defense , some of these cases certainly raise the specter of entrapment . For instance , in 2009 , a government informant promised $ 250,000 in cash and a BMW to a group of impoverished men if they would participate in a plot to attack synagogues in the Bronx and an Air National Guard base in Newburgh , New York . We also found that rather than being the uneducated , young Arab-American immigrants of popular imagination , the homegrown militants do not fit any particular socioeconomic or ethnic profile . Their average age is 30 . Of the cases for which ethnicity could be determined , only a quarter are of Arab descent , while 13 % are Caucasian , 10 % are African-American , 18 % are South Asian , 20 % are of Somali descent and the rest are either mixed race or of other ethnicities . About half the cases involved a U.S.-born American citizen , while another third were naturalized citizens . And of the 94 cases where education could be ascertained , nearly two-thirds pursued at least some college courses , and one in 10 had completed a master 's degree , Ph.D. or doctoral equivalent . The data on jihadist terrorism cases shows that there is a tiny but growing problem of militancy in the Muslim-American community , but it also shows that the consequences of this are quite small . King has every right to investigate this phenomenon , but given the larger domestic problem of hate crimes , his committee would be well-served to focus on that issue as well . And the data shows that Muslim-American communities may prove to be the congressman 's best ally in the fight against radicals in their midst . Given that finding , the worst possible outcome of King 's hearings would be to alienate the very constituency that is best-suited to root out the militants in their community .	Rep. Peter King wants to investigate the "  radicalization " of Muslim-American communities Public policy institute , school look at post-9 / 11 homegrown U.S. terrorism threats and crimes King 's panel should consider focusing on domestic problem of hate crimes as well , authors say They say data shows that Muslim-American communities may be King 's best ally
Paris  CNN  -- New French President Francois Hollande tightened his grip on power Monday as the Interior Ministry confirmed that his Socialist party and its allies won an absolute majority in parliamentary elections Sunday . Hollande allies claimed 314 seats in the 577-member National Assembly -- the lower house of the French parliament -- according to early confirmed results by the French Interior Ministry . The results signal a clear French shift to the left , bolstering Hollande 's position to push through an anti-austerity agenda after years of government budget cuts . Former President Nicolas Sarkozy 's conservative UMP party experienced its biggest losses since 1981 , winning just 229 seats . The far-right National Front won its first seats in parliament in 15 years , with two lawmakers elected , including the 22-year-old granddaughter of party founder Jean-Marie le Pen . Party leader Marine le Pen , however , suffered a shock defeat , losing the stronghold seat of H  nin-Beaumont in northern France . The Europe Ecology and Greens party captured a surprise 17 seats . The outright victory of the Socialist party and its allies gives them complete control of both the Senate and the lower house , allowing Hollande to push through laws without the need to compromise . Hollande has already introduced some of his programs , which are centered on growth and spending , not austerity , reversing Sarkozy 's policies . This includes a "  growth pact " : 120 billion euros worth of measures to stimulate growth in Europe , including developing renewable energies and biotechnologies . The proposal was presented to German Chancellor Angela Merkel and other European leaders last week , the Journal du Dimanche newspaper reported Sunday . Other reforms include raising the minimum wage , a partial return to retirement at the age of 60 and increasing the value-added tax on goods sold in stores . Hollande has also vowed to slap a 75 % levy on incomes higher than 1 million euros  $ 1.26 million  and raise taxes paid on the revenue of large fortunes . Discussion is already under way on education reforms , including a review of the French school year and increasing the stipend paid to help parents with school-age children . "  You have confirmed your will for change , " French Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault told French voters in a statement Sunday , saying that the government 's "  objective is to reorient Europe toward growth and to preserve the eurozone from speculation . " More than 500 seats were decided in the latest round of balloting , according to French election officials , after a first round of voting proved inconclusive in those districts . The future of Europe : 3 scenarios Hollande has unsettled investors with his criticism of the austerity policies central to European bailout deals for troubled economies such as Greece 's and Ireland 's . His policies have put him at odds with Germany 's Merkel , who holds the purse strings for a large portion of the European Union 's bailout efforts . Hollande became France 's first Socialist president since Fran  ois Mitterrand left office in 1995 as he swept to election victory over the incumbent Sarkozy , one of the most U.S.-friendly French presidents in decades . Hollande , who was sworn into office in May , has chosen mostly moderates for his Cabinet , indicating an effort to build a broad coalition in the country . Last month , Hollande said he wanted to balance the need to reduce the debts of European governments with efforts to stimulate growth . A wild election weekend for Egypt , France and Greece CNN 's Jim Bittermann contributed to this report .	The Socialist party and its allies capture a majority of seats in parliament The results mean Francois Hollande can push his agenda through without compromises He plans to reverse Nicolas Sarkozy 's austerity measures to promote growth Hollande is France 's first Socialist president since 1995
Editor 's note : Tomorrow Transformed explores innovative approaches and opportunities available in business and society through technology . WIRED  -- The design studio Nervous System has created a novel process that allows a 3-D printed dress to move and sway like real fabric . The bespoke software behind it , called Kinematics , combines origami techniques with novel approaches to 3-D printing , pushing the technology 's limits . Instead of pinning fabric to a dress form , a Kinematics garment starts as a 3-D model in a CAD program . Kinematics breaks the model down into tessellated , triangular segments of varying sizes . Designers can control the size , placement , and quantity of the triangles in a Javascript-based design tool and preview how the changes will impact the polygonal pinafore . Once the designer is satisfied , algorithms add hinges to the triangles uniting the garment into a single piece and compress the design into the smallest possible shape to optimise the printing process , often reducing the volume by 85 percent . After two days of printing at Shapeways , a dusty boulder of plastic emerges from an industrial-sized 3-D printer . Technicians remove excess dust like archeologists in search of a long-buried garment . The plastic parts are cleaned and dyed , resulting in a little black  or white  dress made from tiny , interlocking bricks of plastic . No Gimmicks for this Gown Designer Jessica Rosenkrantz made sure the gown was more than mere gimmickry . Buttons , cleverly modelled into the triangles make it easy to don and doff . Unlike other 3-D printed clothing that feels like a suit of armour , the long dress flows and moves as the model strides and twirls . What Cities Would Look Like if Lit Only by the Stars Comfort was a key concern . Rosenkrantz wore 3-D printed jewellery for weeks at a time in an attempt to catch design features that chafe . She built her wardrobe piece by piece , starting with a bracelet , then a belt , and finally a bodice before moving on to a dress . Rosenkrantz brought an old-school tailor 's approach to the project , but was happy to leverage modern technology . For example , 3-D scans of the model 's body ensured a perfect fit . She worked with Shapeways to optimise the print quality and aesthetics . As a result , her garment and its Github repository recently were acquired by the Museum of Modern Art . Making It Work Nervous System originally developed the Kinematics concept as part of a project for Google . The goal was to help add bit of cool to a pavilion promoting Android phones . Nervous System figured out how to print bracelets on MakerBots by reducing dimensional designs to flat pieces of plastic that could be printed in under an hour and folded like origami . Google was pleased with the promotion , but Nervous System believed the concept could be used to make garments . "  We 'd done some simulations and made some animations showing that we could do it hypothetically , " says Rosenkrantz . These hypothetical simulations precipitated a software engineering effort one year in the making . Scaling up from a wrist-worn wearables to cocktail dress posed a particular challenge . The hinges linking the triangles must be small enough to let the fabric flow , but robust enough to avoid a wardrobe malfunction . These mechanical challenges were exacerbated by limitations in 3-D printing technology . Pieces made with the technology have a grain , like wood , and certain orientations create stronger parts . The solution was to revamp the software . "  We were able to do so much design-wise without ever printing anything , " says Rosenkrantz . "  We knew not only exactly what the final piece would look like but also how it would behave . " Simulating folds was slow and inaccurate at first . Test prints of belts with 77 hinges worked beautifully , but scaling up to the 700 or more needed to create a dress repeatedly broke the software . Physics engines were tossed aside like fabric swatches . 15 Incredible Photos That 'll Remind You to Be Awed by Planet Earth Originally , the simulator would fold the clothes down into a ball . "  Sort of like you are wadding clothes up to toss in you hamper , " says Rosenkrantz . "  It looked cool but it was n't the most efficient way to get the volume of our designs down . " So Rosenkrantz and partner Jesse Louis-Rosenberg developed a collision-based simulator that replicates how one might fold clothes to put them in a drawer . The project pushed design , fashion , and fabrication in surprising ways . "  To 3-D print structures in this crazy compressed form and have them unfold ; that almost sounds like science fiction , " says Rosenkrantz . "  Frankly , when you work on something complex like this in a completely digital world for so long , the biggest surprise is that it actually works as intended , from the compressing to the fit , draping , and movement . " Printing also required special development . Nervous System needed to develop new tools to load its software . "  We 've been working with Nervous and our community over the years to push the machines to their limits , " says Carine Carmy of Shapeways . "  From how densely we can pack the trays so you can print 1,000 products at once versus just one , to how long you need to run them so we can produce products more quickly , to how precise and detailed the prints can be so that you can design with micron precision . " Ready to Wear ? Next up for Nervous System is improving the speed and adding new mechanisms and structures that will allow simulating different materials -- think of a stout tweed versus a gossamer silk . Ultimately , the team thinks can be expanded for other applications like Skylar Tibbits Hyperform project . At $ 3,000 a pop , Nervous System is n't quite ready to commercialise its wearable wares . "  That is a very high number although perhaps considerably lower than the price of most other 3-D printed garments , " she says . "  We 're hoping to bring the price down before we start selling clothing . " Read more from WIRED : 21 Awesomely Well-Designed Products We 're Dying to Own The Ruins of the USSR 's Secret Nuclear Cities What Would Your Ideal , Photoshopped Face Look Like ? 14 People Find Out Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	A design studio has created a 3D printed dress that sways like real fabric The software behind the process combines origami techniques with 3D printing The company originally developed the concept as part of a Google project At $ 3,000 a pop , it is n't quite ready for the retail market yet
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Australia 's new prime minister assured Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Saturday that his country 's troops intend to be in Afghanistan "  for the long haul . " French President Nicolas Sarkozy , left , shakes hands with Afghan President Hamid Karzai in Kabul . Kevin Rudd and French President Nicolas Sarkozy flew into the Afghan capital , Kabul , on Saturday to meet with Karzai and visit their respective country 's troops participating in the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force . In a morning meeting , Sarkozy "  assured President Karzai of his government 's long term political and military support with the people of Afghanistan , " according to a statement from the Afghan president 's office . Rudd , who was elected in a landslide victory Nov. 24 , appeared with Karzai at a news conference , where he repeatedly said that the Australian commitment to Afghanistan is strong . "  We will be , as I said before , in this country , Afghanistan , for the long haul . It 's important for us to be here in partnership with NATO countries , " Rudd said . "  On the question of the broader security policy challenges faced within Afghanistan , of course they are significant , they are real . But we are confident that in partnership with our friends in the Afghan government and with our other allies , particularly in NATO , that we can continue to achieve real progress in the long-term security of this country , " he added . Australia 's new defense minister , however , warned U.S. and NATO allies recently that they risk losing the war in Afghanistan without a sharp shift in military and reconstruction efforts there . Joel Fitzgibbon , who took office with Rudd allies during a conference in Scotland earlier this month , said that more work needs to be done to win the "  hearts and minds " of the people of Afghanistan in the 6-year-old war against the country 's former Taliban rulers and their al Qaeda allies . Karzai wished those at the news conference a merry Christmas , then thanked Australia , France and other countries for their help and support . More than 1,900 French troops are in Afghanistan , serving both the ISAF and the U.S.-led Operation Enduring Freedom . Australia is the largest non-NATO contributor to the war in Afghanistan , with nearly 1,000 troops stationed mostly in the southern province of Oruzgan . Sarkozy , elected to lead France last May , told the U.S. Congress during a visit last month that France would stand "  shoulder to shoulder " with the United States on the war in Afghanistan . "  Let me tell you solemnly today : France will remain engaged in Afghanistan as long as it takes , because what 's at stake in that country is the future of our values and that of the Atlantic Alliance , " he said . Rudd made a surprise visit Friday to Iraq , where he promised continued Australian aid , despite a decision to withdraw all 550 Australian troops in Iraq by mid-2008 -- an effort his predecessor , John Howard , staunchly opposed . Rudd had said he would start a phased withdrawal of Australian forces from Iraq if his Labor Party won the vote . E-mail to a friend Journalist Farhad Peikar in Kabul contributed to this report .	French and Australian leaders arrive in Afghanistan Both leaders expected to meet with Afghan President Hamid Karzai Both will visit with their respective country 's troops
CNN  -- The mayor of New Jersey 's capital city was arrested Monday on corruption charges after being accused of accepting bribes during an undercover operation , authorities said . The charges against Trenton Mayor Tony Mack , 46 , his brother , Ralphiel Mack , 39 , and business associate Joseph A. "  JoJo " Giorgianni , 63 , stem from an alleged kickback scheme to sell city-owned land to investors for significantly less than the assessed value . Mack and his brother , the head football coach at Trenton Central High School , both were released on $ 150,000 bail and slipped into a city vehicle after a court appearance . They were ordered to surrender their passports . "  The evidence appears to be , at this point , weak as far as Mayor Mack is concerned , " Mark Davis , Tony Mack 's attorney , told CNN on Monday evening . "  The complaint is just full of allegations , that 's all they are . " A bond hearing for Giorgianni , a sandwich shop owner , was postponed because of unrelated drug conspiracy charges . The investigation "  revealed evidence of a conspiracy among these defendants and others to corrupt certain functions of Trenton City government in favor of purported developer seeking to build a parking garage on city owned property in exchange for cash payments totaling approximately $ 119,000 , " according to a complaint filed in federal court . From the archives : Ex-mayor in New Jersey gets two years in prison The three defendants -- who were charged specifically with conspiracy to corrupt commerce by extortion -- employed intermediaries , "  used code words and limited discussions of the scheme over the telephone " to avoid detection , the complaint said . For example , Giorgianni would use the term "  Uncle Remus " in conversations with the mayor to connote when he had received a cash payment , U.S. Attorney Paul Fishman said . The charges stemmed from a two-year FBI investigation that incorporated two informants cooperating with law enforcement . Fishman said at least one of those moles wore a wire to record conversations for the FBI . At a news conference before the bond hearing , Fishman pointed to repeated cases of corruption that his office has uncovered . "  Time and again , we have seen public officials in New Jersey who are all too willing to sell their power and betray the public 's trust , " he said . Any trial related to Mack 's case would not likely occur until next year , according to Fishman . Mack 's office declined to comment when reached by CNN . But Davis , the mayor 's lawyer , stressed his client has n't been indicted yet and should "  continue to enjoy the presumption of innocence . " Based on discussions they 've had , Davis said his "  understanding is that  Mack  is going to remain in his  mayoral  post and continue in his official duties , " as the legal case proceeds against him . The lawyer said he expects a grand jury will consider the case within 30 days . In a separate complaint that Fishman stressed was not connected to the Macks , the government charged Giorgianni and eight others with conspiracy to distribute the highly addictive prescription painkiller oxycodone . Fishman said Giorgianni used his business , JoJo 's Steakhouse , as a front for a drug dealing operation . He 's accused of storing the narcotics there , distributing the pills to dealers , then processing the cash exchanged for the painkillers . Two months ago , agents raided the homes of Mack , his brother , and Giorgianni , before raiding Trenton 's City Hall the next day . Mack responded to the July raids by saying he had "  not violated the public trust in any way , nor have I violated any of my public duties . " A Democrat who began his term in July 2010 , Mack has been beleaguered by questions about public finance and accusations of cronyism . In May , Deputy Mayor Paul Sigmund IV was arrested and charged with heroin possession and assaulting a police officer , which led to Sigmund 's prompt resignation . CNN 's George Lerner , Greg Botelho , Mark Morgenstein and Khara Lewin contributed to this report .	NEW : The Trenton mayor 's lawyer calls evidence presented against his client "  weak " NEW : Tony Mack plans to remain in his job as mayor of New Jersey 's capital , says his lawyer Mack , his brother and an associate are accused in a real estate kickback scheme The federal charges stem from a two-year FBI investigation
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- China in 1978 was stranded at a political crossroad . It was just emerging from the chaos of the Cultural Revolution and the death of Chairman Mao . Deng Xiaoping had emerged as the new leader , but Mao 's dogma remained deep-rooted and seemingly immutable . In and outside the Communist Party , a debate raged : Where to , China ? CNN Beijing Bureau Chief Jaime FlorCruz worked on a farm in China 's Hunan province during the 1970s . On December 18 , 1978 , Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping gave his answer . In a Communist Party meeting in Beijing that day , the political elite adopted Deng 's pragmatic program and launched economic reforms . New China was born . People paraded in the streets to celebrate . Families gathered around the dinner table , uncorked wine bottles and toasted each other . Thirty years hence , China 's radical makeover is apparent . China now is nothing short of an economic miracle . Its economy has grown at an average of 9.8 percent since 1978 , making it the fourth largest economy in the world . Incredibly , China has pulled off the equivalent of reform , renaissance and industrial revolution in 30 years . Watch what Deng unleashed " It 's incredible because only three decades ago China was so poor and isolated . I saw it up close when I worked on a farm in Hunan province , Chairman Mao 's hometown , not long after I first arrived in China in 1971 . For several months , I worked there with a production team planting rice , picking tea leaves , feeding pigs and digging ditches . Farmers worked hard and lived Spartan lives . Once , I attended a meeting to honor model workers ; they were awarded bath towels and wash basins . Watch FlorCruz describe China 's transformation since his arrival in 1971 " Today , my Hunan workmates have retired or changed jobs . The farm has disbanded , hit by the squeeze in state subsidies and by local and global competition . It has sold off its land to the local government and to real estate developers . Watch as China marks 30 years of reform " Thirty years ago , there was little international trade . There were few tourists and few cars , but there were millions of bicycles on the streets . Now the streets are jammed with cars , and the air is polluted with fumes , grit and noise . Beijing 's neighborhoods used to be very quiet . Residents lived simple lives mostly in walled courtyards . A seven - or eight-story building was considered unusually high . Now they are dwarfed by skyscrapers which house fancy shopping malls and outlets like McDonald 's , KFC and Starbucks . Fashion used to be just as simple , and utilitarian Regulation attire was the so-called Mao jackets in blue , green and gray and baggy pants of the same colors . The unisex look was the norm . Now street fashion is varied and colorful , if not always chic . Virtually everyone had a job 30 years ago , but they earned little money , and there was little to buy . Supplies of basic commodities were so tight that residents were doled out ration coupons , required to go with cash to buy cotton jackets and clothes , grain , and cooking oil . No coupons , no transaction . Consumers in the late seventies coveted the so-called "  four big things " -- a radio , a bicycle , a sewing machine and a wristwatch . And they were available only in special shops , like the Friendship Store . Now the new "  big things " would include a Mercedes Benz , an apartment and a week-long vacation in Bali or Hawaii . All this would have been inconceivable 30 years ago . But Deng Xiaoping did conceive . Fondly remembered as the "  chief architect " of China 's reform and open-door program , he envisioned a modern , prosperous China and pointed the way forward . Deng 's reforms set off a series of seismic changes , starting in the countryside with the disbanding of the people 's communes . He admonished farmers to work hard and get rich . The farmers responded enthusiastically . Later , Deng shifted the reform to the cities by experimenting with capitalism in designated Special Economic Zones and then spreading it nationwide . Deng 's reform was hailed as a Second revolution . When I worked as a reporter for Time Magazine  1982-2000  the magazine honored him as Time 's Man of the Year -- not just once but twice . There was opposition along the way . There was backlash from the Left and from the Right , as China oscillated from free-wheeling capitalism to puritanical communism . That 's why there were political campaigns in and outside the party , like the one against "  bourgeois liberalization " in the 1980s . And that was largely why the Tiananmen protests happened in 1989 . China has come a long way , but in my interviews with Deng 's political successors , they made it clear that China will have to proceed cautiously and change step by step . "  Cross the river while feeling the pebbles under the water , " was the aphorism proposed by the former premier Zhao Ziyang . Why the caution ? When I interviewed then President Jiang Zemin in 1999 , he explained why . "  There is no encyclopedia that China could simply copy and follow , " he said . China 's reforms have brought about remarkable achievements , but they also triggered unintended consequences : rising unemployment , growing income gaps , environmental degradation , corruption , rising criminality and social unrest . China has done the easy part . Now comes the hard part . China is facing the ripple effects of the global economic downturn : Chinese exports are declining , factories are closing down , workers are laid off en masse . China 's leaders are facing one of the worst economic crises in 30 years . It will take 30 years and more for China to find the right development model so it could change steadily without losing its national identity , ruining its environment and disrupting social and political harmony . Only then can they fully realize Deng Xiaoping 's goal of a modern and prosperous China .	China has undergone a radical makeover in the 30 years since Deng 's reforms CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz remembers China as being poor and isolated Beijing has transformed from quiet neighborhoods to a city of skyscrapers Deng disbanded communes , opened Special Economic Zones , touted capitalism
New York  CNN  -- Thousands of miles from a bloody shooting in southern France , Jewish and municipal leaders voiced concerns and vowed to bolster protections for schools , neighborhoods and synagogues while noting they have no indication any fresh , faraway attacks are imminent . Three children and one teacher were fatally shot Monday at the Ozar Hatorah school in Toulouse , an incident French President Nicolas Sarkozy called a "  national tragedy . " Yet its effects are n't being felt only in France . Jewish leaders , law enforcement officials and others around the world have responded with promises that security will be sound and requests that all be on the lookout for suspect activity . Sarkozy puts region on high alert There has been no evidence , however , that there 's any active threat beyond southern France -- where the Toulouse incident was the third fatal attack in 10 days to target minorities . "  Just because there 's something that happens there , does n't mean there are more threats here . But we take everything very seriously , " said New York Mayor Mike Bloomberg . In the United States , an official with the Department of Homeland Security said U.S. authorities are monitoring the situation in France along with European authorities , as well as looking at the prospect of attacks targeting Jews domestically . "  Currently , we are aware of no specific threat to locations within the United States whatsoever , " said the U.S. official , who asked not to be named . "  As always , we encourage the general public to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity to local law enforcement . " Yeshiva University in New York issued a statement saying that "  security concerns have increased as a result of the tragic shooting incident in Toulouse , France " -- urging people to "  be alert to any suspicious activity or persons . " Farther north in Manhattan at Park East Synagogue , director Benny Rogosnitzky said parents with children at the day school and others going in and out of the synagogue have been asked not to congregate outside . "  It 's certainly a concern , " Rogosnitzky said , noting that the facility is on high alert as often happens after such attacks . New York police have increased security coverage at synagogues and "  Jewish locations " in the city , Commissioner Ray Kelly said . Earlier , Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne had added that NYPD 's Counterterrorism Bureau will assign critical response vehicles to patrol around about 20 Jewish institutions and neighborhoods . Kelly , the department 's leader , said there was no specific intelligence regarding threats to places where Jewish people might gather . But he said that increasing security at such locales is "  prudent , " nonetheless . "  We have a significant Jewish population in this city , and ... we know that we 're at the top of the terrorist target list . So we 're concerned about the so-called ` copy cat syndrome , ' where someone might see the events unfolding in Toulouse and take it upon themselves to act out , " said Kelly . Similar security measures are being taken in Washington , where Metropolitan Police Department spokeswoman Gwendolyn Crump said authorities "  have directed that additional attention be provided to schools and religious institutions . " There are increased patrols at Jewish schools , synagogues and neighborhoods in San Francisco as well , said police spokesman Albie Esparza . People around Jewish institutions in New York , at least , said attacks like Monday 's in France raise awareness , sympathies and concerns , but it does n't mean they 're expecting it to unfold in their backyard . "  You feel for these people ; you would never want that to happen to anybody . But I still feel very safe and very protected , " said Abby Morris , a preschool teacher at a school affiliated with New York 's Central Synagogue . Still , some Jewish leaders said that added precautions are needed in light of the Toulouse and similar incidents . "  In light of the incessant anti-Israel and anti-Semitic rhetoric worldwide , we urge that all Jewish institutions review their security procedures in conjunction with local law enforcement , " said Dr. Shimon Samuels , director of international relations for the Los Angeles-based Simon Wiesenthal Center . Abraham Foxman , national director of the Anti-Defamation League , said that the Toulouse attack serves as a "  reminder , " but it does not represent any big shift in the danger or people 's attitudes . He cited a poll of 1,754 Americans , released by his advocacy group in November , in which 15 % of respondents held "  deeply anti-Semitic views . " If the ratio holds true nationally , that would equate to about 35 million Americans . This is up 3 percentage points from a poll two years earlier . The survey had a margin of error of plus/minus 2.8 % . "  Unfortunately , the Jewish community lives in vigilance against terrorism and anti-Semitic attacks 24/7/365 days a year , " said Foxman . He noted that , before Monday , security precautions were common in synagogues and other Jewish institutions because it is a reality that such hatred exists . If anything , he says , the Jewish community needs to be even "  more vigilant " in protecting themselves against attacks . "  And it should be vigilant in between acts of terrorism and violence , not just when it happens , " he added . "  That 's part of being Jewish , unfortunately , in our  world  . " CNN 's Greg Botelho and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : The Jewish community needs to be "  more vigilant , " the ADL chief says 4 people are shot dead at a Jewish school in southern France Police in New York , San Francisco and D.C. increase patrols in Jewish areas No official in the U.S. has indicated there 's any specific threat targeting Jews
CNN  -- Fat Tuesday is rolling up fast , so we asked for your recommendations for New Orleans ' very best dishes . "  Excess is the new moderation , " one iReporter proclaimed . Debatable , but not a bad mantra for a trip to diner 's paradise . If you 're not hungry now , you will be . Oysters every which way Tucked into a baguette , charbroiled , fried , smothered in butter and cheese , sprinkled with bacon or just slurped right out of the shell , oysters turn up in many a New Orleans memory . The charbroiled variety from Drago 's made a big impression on Heather Ackerly , a South Louisiana transplant . "  The rich butter and garlic mixed with the fresh saltwater taste of the oyster is heaven . And before you know it -- the oysters are gone . But that wonderful butter and herb sauce remains , waiting for you to soak it up with the French bread . " Felix 's Oyster Bar gets iReporter Lulis Leal 's vote . "  Whether served ice cold on the half shell , chargrilled and sizzling in garlic butter or fried to golden perfection , Felix 's oysters are some of the best you 'll ever have , " Leal said . Eatocracy : What NOT to do during Mardi Gras There 's nothing better than the standard oyster po ' boy , "  dressed , lots of Crystal , " said Judy Pfau Hull of Rochester , New York . She likes Domilise 's , Tracey 's , Franky & Johnny 's and Central Grocery for sandwiches . "  The wonderful thing about New Orleans cuisine is it really does n't matter if you have $ 100 to spend or $ 10 , you can always get something truly special , " she said . Local Ed Killeen goes just blocks from his home in Old Metairie to Zeke 's for the "  most stupendously crisp and fresh oyster po ' boys ! " A proper po ' boy requires lightly toasted French bread , real butter , crisp lettuce and pickles , thin-sliced tomato and "  most of all , freshly fried oysters , " Killeen wrote in his iReport . Mardi Gras beyond bare breasts A sandwich known ` round the world Po ' boys are n't the only world-famous sandwiches to come out of the Crescent City . The Central Grocery on Decatur Street is widely touted as the source of the original muffuletta , a sandwich of layered Italian meats , cheeses and olive salad on a flat round loaf of muffuletta bread . The sandwich has been replicated and interpreted , but Leal calls the Central Grocery 's sandwich "  definitive . " "  Yes , other restaurants now make fatter ones on artisan breads with more exotic cold cuts and fancier ingredients in the olive salad , but Central Market 's muffuletta has a classic dignity that simply can not be bettered , " she said . Eatocracy : Lick-the-screen muffuletta Steven Wolfe of Houston urges diners to order a whole sandwich to stave off regrets . "  No other sandwich is so perfectly designed for proportion , texture and combination of tastes . " He 's a fan of really communing with the muffuletta , so he suggests taking it back to your hotel room , "  where you can have a private experience with the sandwich , away from the eyes of strangers , " he wrote on iReport.com . Recline after you dine . "  By the time you 're ready to walk around , cocktail hour should be creeping up on the Quarter . A cold Abita and a few oysters sounds lovely . Give in , " Wolfe advised . Eatocracy : What we ate in New Orleans More fruits of the sea Kristen Hendrix had an unforgettable taste of her husband 's crab cake pasta at Oceana Grill . "  It was so rich and creamy , just the right amount of seafood flavor to it , " she said . "  We have tried to replicate it at home with no success so far , " said Hendrix , who lives in Charleston , Illinois . The alligator sausage cheesecake appetizer at Jacques-Imo 's received two iReporter endorsements . Richard Senger of The Woodlands , Texas , called it "  inexplicable . " Mariel Metzenthin of Overland Park , Kansas , went for it with this description : "  The look on everyone 's face at the table was the same , ` Damn ! ' -- eyes wide , mouths full and forks going in for seconds . The texture was smoother than a quiche , yet not as rich as the traditional cheesecake and the alligator sausage gave the right amount of bite . " When he 's in New Orleans , former Louisiana resident Anthony DiFatta always stops at Coop 's Place for the cajun pasta , a spicy creamy dish featuring crawfish , oysters , shrimp , artichoke hearts , mushrooms and cajun Tasso ham . He calls this "  little dive " of a restaurant the city 's best-kept secret . For true home cooking , Marissa Turner recommends Val 's Marina in Maurepas , Louisiana , about an hour 's drive from the New Orleans airport . "  I make the drive to Val 's Marina because it feels like having dinner at my momma 's house . And that 's saying something , " said Turner , who lives in Prairieville , Louisiana . New Orleans : The food that got them through A cloud of powdered sugar What 's not to love about fried things doused in powdered sugar ? The famous Caf du Monde , established in 1862 , popped up several times among iReport contributors . Beignets , French-style square doughnuts , are the main attraction , but coffee mixed with chicory is a natural complement . "  Do n't get me wrong , I love touffe , gumbo , po ' boys , muffuletta , but I got ta have my oysters and beignets , " said Diana Nguyen , who lives in the Chicago suburbs . More sweet treats For a more unusual , sucr sal treat , head to Green Goddess . "  The standout , not-to-be-missed creation I 'm crazy about is the bacon sundae , " said Lynn Chen of Los Angeles . She tucked into this concoction -- pecan praline ice cream drizzled with bacon caramel sauce , topped with Applewood bacon and whipped cream -- instead of cake on her 35th birthday . And of course bananas Foster , bread pudding and pralines are well-loved New Orleans standards . See the gallery above for recommendations on where to indulge in those . Breaking away from the local standards When you 've had more oysters , crawfish and beignets than you can bear , veer away from tradition and make new ones . The dining scene in New Orleans is always evolving with fresh twists on the classics and totally original dishes . "  Now really , about all you have to do is walk or drive down the street until you see an eatery . Go inside and 99.9 % of the time you will be delighted ! " wrote former New Orleans resident Duane Putnam . Eatocracy : The great gumbo debate Very fine eateries rub shoulders with casual favorites . Port of Call has earned hearty praise from Sharon Curole , who first encountered this hole-in-the-wall bar 's tremendous burger with baked potato before her wedding in December 1995 . "  Every year since , my husband Chris and I make sure we get down to New Orleans to enjoy it again . " "  Get it loaded or ` dressed , ' as they say in NOLA , " said Curole , who lives in Manchester , New Hampshire . Melinda Green Harvey of Lubbock , Texas , offered another rave for a well-loved sandwich : the Cuban . She found a very tasty version at Cochon Butcher , a hybrid sandwich shop , butcher and wine bar . "  I get it . People go to New Orleans for gumbo , or red beans , or beignets . But when you get tired of that and just want something simple and delicious , head to Cochon Butcher . "	Oysters every which way rank high with New Orleans visitors Standards such as Caf du Monde 's beignets are still favorites For an excellent burger , head to Port of Call , says one iReporter
