CNN  -- Sports superstar Roger Federer has organized a charity event to raise funds for the victims of the Haiti earthquake , as the tennis world rallies to contribute to the cause . Federer , the world 's top-ranked player , will take part in an exhibition event in Australia on Sunday along with other top names such as Rafael Nadal , Andy Roddick , Kim Clijsters , Serena Williams and Samantha Stosur . They will play in doubles matches at Melbourne Park in the state of Victoria 's capital city , giving up their last day of preparation ahead of this year 's opening Grand Slam tournament , the Australian Open . "  The entry fee is a minimum donation of $ 10 . This should be fun and it 's for a great cause , " the Swiss said on his official Web site . "  I think it 's something as a tennis family we 're very happy to do . I know it 's on the eve of the first Grand Slam of the season , so for some it 's not so easy maybe mentally to separate a few things -- but I think it 's a great initiative . "  The devastating earthquake which hit Haiti on Tuesday measured 7.0 on the Richter Scale and has left tens of thousands of people dead . The United Nations has launched an appeal for hundreds of millions of dollars to try to help around three million people in need . " Blog : Haiti can expect sporting support Federer supports several charities , having launched his own foundation in 2003 to help disadvantaged children . The 28-year-old , who has won more Grand Slam titles than any other male tennis player , also visited tsunami victims as part of his role as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador . Meanwhile , Marcos Baghdatis , who lost to Federer in the final of the 2006 Australian Open , has donated $ 5,000 of his prize money for winning the Sydney International tournament on Saturday to the World Vision Australia Haiti Earthquake Appeal . "  The situation in Haiti is really , really sad , " the Cypriot told the ATP Tour 's official Web site . "  I have seen the pictures on the news and it is just horrific . I want to send my condolences to everyone affected by the earthquake . " World No. 42 Baghdatis beat France 's Richard Gasquet 6-4 7-6  7-2  in the final , coming back from 4-1 down in the second set . Gasquet , who has dropped to 53rd in the rankings after serving a ban for testing positive for cocaine last year which was later reduced due to mitigating circumstances , was seeking his first title since September 2007 . Sydney doubles champions Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjic both donated five percent of their prize money to the appeal . "  I do n't think we can fully comprehend the devastation of the earthquake over in Haiti , and we just want to do our part in helping everyone who is suffering during this difficult time , " Nestor told www.atpworldtour.com . American John Isner also contributed to the relief fund , donating $ 5,000 to the Red Cross from his first prize for winning the men 's tournament in Auckland , New Zealand . "  It 's a small contribution to help the victims in Haiti . What happened there makes us realize how lucky we are , " said Isner , who defeated France 's Arnaud Clement 6-3 5-7 7-6  7-2  in the final of the Heineken Open on Saturday to claim his first ATP Tour title .	Roger Federer organizes a charity event to raise funds for victims of the Haiti earthquake Federer and other top tennis stars will take part in doubles exhibition in Australia on Sunday The players will give up final day of preparation before the Australian Open starts Other players have donated part of their prize money to raise funds for relief operation
Whitney Houston 's only child opened up Sunday about her late mother in her first interview since the singer 's death last month . Bobbi Kristina Brown , 19 , told Oprah Winfrey she can still hear her mother 's voice sometimes and feel her spirit , urging her to "  keep moving . " "  She 's always with me . I can always feel her , " Brown said during the interview that aired on Winfrey 's network , OWN . On the same show , Winfrey also spoke to Houston 's sister-in-law and friend , Patricia Houston , and her brother , Gary Houston . Whitney Houston , 48 , died February 11 in her room at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills , California , the day before the music industry gathered for the Grammys in Los Angeles . The famed singer won six Grammys and sold 170 million albums , singles and videos during her career . But in recent years , her struggles with drug addiction overshadowed her accomplishments . When asked whether she feared drugs would one day take her friend , Patricia Houston told Winfrey she "  would be kidding " to say otherwise . "  The handwriting was kind of on the wall . " Recently , she said , she observed Houston "  chasing a dream , looking for love in all the wrong places . " Houston was married to singer Bobby Brown from 1992 until 2007 . Bobbi Kristina was born in 1993 . "  I 'm her daughter . I got ta keep moving . I got ta carry on her legacy . ... I still have a voice , " Brown told Winfrey . Whitney Houston toxicology reports pending The grief comes in waves still , Brown said , and sometimes it does n't seem real that her mother is gone . "  I 'm getting through it . I 'm doing as good as I possibly can , " she said . "  Just trying to keep going . " Sources close to the investigation into the singer 's death told CNN on Friday that officials were looking to speak with her daughter before closing the case . They said it was unclear whether Bobbi Kristina would agree to be interviewed . She was interviewed briefly by Beverly Hills police the day her mother died , but she was too distraught to offer helpful information , the sources said . She was taken twice to a Los Angeles hospital briefly after her mother 's death , a source close to the family said last month . Investigators have wrapped up the logistical part of their inquiry by having contacted all physicians and pharmacies with ties to Houston , and nothing so far appears criminal , the sources said . Authorities are reviewing additional medical information that will be used in the final ruling on cause of death , and Houston 's toxicology report should be complete "  on or around " March 23 , the sources said . Last month , officials with the Los Angeles County coroner 's office said the singer 's body had no visible signs of trauma and foul play was n't suspected . Her cause of death was listed as "  deferred , " officials said . More official details on the investigation have n't been released because the Beverly Hills Police Department was granted a "  security hold " on the case , the coroner 's office said . Common in high-profile cases , the hold restricts the release of information . Authorities have said that police and fire officials were called to Houston 's hotel room after her unconscious body was found in the bathtub , just hours before she was to attend a pre-Grammy party . A coroner official last month downplayed the suspicion that drugs had played a major role in Houston 's death . Assistant Chief Coroner Ed Winter said that "  not many prescription bottles " were found in the singer 's hotel room . "  I know there are reports that she maybe was drowned or did she overdose , but we wo n't make a final determination until all the tests are in , " he said last month .	Houston 's sister-in-law says the late singer was "  chasing a dream " She and Bobbi Kristina Brown , Houston 's only child , speak to Oprah Winfrey Daughter says she can still hear her mother 's voice and feel her spirit sometimes Houston , 48 , died in her Beverly Hills hotel room last month
CNN  -- It should come as no surprise that even after consumer-friendly bank reform it costs more than ever to use your own money . A veritable credit card fee frenzy over the past decade meant many banks could easily offer free checking and other perks , subsidized by the big fees generated elsewhere .  A checking account costs the typical bank $ 100 to $ 200 to set up and maintain . But now that these fees have been tamed by new rules , fees are rising elsewhere . New analysis by Bankrate.com shows fewer banks offer free checking and the costs associated with your bank account are rising . You can be charged by the bank to hold your money for you , if you do n't have a minimum balance . You can be charged to take your own money out of an ATM . And you will still pay if you bounce a check or overdraw your account with a debit card . Average ATM fees are up 5 percent , to an all-time high of $ 2.33 , and the average out-of-network charge to use an ATM for another bank is $ 1.41 . Overdraft fees rose another 3 percent to $ 30.47 and the cost to maintain a checking account rose on average to $ 13.04 a month -- that 's the cost for not keeping the minimum in an interest bearing account . The typical consumer pays $ 620 year in unnecessary and avoidable fees , Bankrate 's senior financial analyst Greg McBride figures . Here 's how to avoid paying the bank for the use of YOUR money : Never use an out of network ATM machine Walk or drive the extra distance . It is literally the easiest money you can save in your budget . Avoid overdrafts Avoiding one overdraft a month saves you $ 360 a year . There are new rules to protect you from the most egregious overdraft fees , but make no mistake , you ca n't spend money you do n't have in the account . Do not opt in for overdraft protection for your debit card . Unfortunately , the consumers getting dinged by overdraft fees tend to be what I call "  fee-quent fliers . " Bank of America reported last week that 10 percent of its customers generate 70 percent of its overdraft fees . Strive to not be a fee-quent flier . Shop around for bank accounts If you have a low balance and your bank will charge you a few dollars for dipping below a minimum level , check out community banks and credit unions . Bottom line , do n't pay to use your own money .	Fewer banks offer free checking , according to new analysis by Bankrate.com Costs associated with checking accounts are rising ; ATM fees are up 5 percent To save -- avoid overdrafts , shop for best rates , only use in-network ATMs
CNN  -- Texas billionaire Allen Stanford was taken into custody Thursday night on a fraud-related charge in Stafford , Virginia , the FBI said . Allen Stanford , right , poses with his Antigua cricket team in November 2008 . FBI Supervisory Special Agent M.A. Myers would not provide further details on Stanford 's arrest , but his attorney , Dick DeGuerin , told CNN that Stanford had surrendered to agents . Stanford , accused of a $ 9.2 billion fraud by U.S. regulators , denied all wrongdoing in a tearful interview in April during which he threatened to punch his questioner in the mouth . "  I would die and go to hell if it 's a Ponzi scheme , " Stanford , who was ranked at No. 205 in Forbes magazine 's list of 400 richest Americans with assets of more than $ 2 billion , told ABC News . The assets of Stanford and his financial groups , based in Antigua and the Caribbean , are frozen while the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission investigates allegations he ran "  a massive Ponzi scheme , " a pyramid scheme in which new investors ' money is stolen to pay profits to existing clients . During his ABC interview , Stanford complained that he had to fly commercial airlines after the federal government confiscated his six private jets . "  They make you take your shoes off and everything , " he said . "  It 's terrible . " Stanford threatened to punch the interviewer when he was questioned about reported links to alleged money laundering for a Mexican drug cartel , charges he vehemently denied with the threat before backing down . Before his arrest , Stanford faced an array of civil claims . He and his wife owe back taxes , penalties and interest of at least $ 226.5 million , the IRS said in court documents filed in Dallas , Texas , last March . The final total could be even higher because the Stanfords have not filed their income tax return for 2007 . The IRS says they owe $ 110 million in back taxes , $ 55.8 million in penalties and $ 60.7 million in interest for the 1999 through 2003 tax years . The Securities and Exchange Commission has said that Stanford was behind "  a fraud of shocking magnitude . " FBI agents served Stanford with SEC papers accusing him and three of his companies of orchestrating a $ 9.2 billion investment fraud scheme . With the filing , the IRS joins thousands of other creditors in the case who are seeking a crack at Stanford 's remaining assets . In February Antiguan and Barbudan regulators took control of Stanford 's financial institutions on the twin-island nation , a day after federal agents served the Texas businessman with papers accusing him of running an investment fraud scheme . In a complaint filed in February in federal court in Dallas , Texas , the Securities and Exchange Commission accused Stanford International Bank of using a network of financial advisers to sell about $ 8 billion of "  certificates of deposit " to investors . The bank boasted it had a unique investment strategy that had allowed it to reap double-digit returns on its investments for the previous 15 years , the SEC said . The civil complaint alleged an additional scheme relating to $ 1.2 billion in sales . Stanford 's bank claimed its network had $ 51 billion in deposits and assets under management or advisement , with more than 70,000 clients in 140 countries . The allegations against Stanford and his companies sparked runs on Stanford banks in Antigua and in Venezuela , where the government took over the local subsidiary in February after it recorded "  extraordinary " withdrawals , according to Venezuela 's superintendent of banks . The SEC complaint also named James Davis , SIB 's chief financial officer ; Laura Pendergest-Holt , chief investment officer of Stanford Financial Group ; and investment adviser Stanford Capital Management . Stanford , who sponsored a cricket team and series of matches in Antigua , had his ties to the sport severed earlier this year when the England and Wales Cricket Board announced it would not play any further Stanford Twenty20 matches in Antigua as well as shelving plans for the Quadrangular Twenty20 events . Under the deal struck between the ECB and financier Stanford last summer , England were due to play four further $ 20 million matches in the Caribbean , while the proposed Quadrangular events were scheduled to take place annually from 2009 to 2011 , with each edition worth around $ 9 million .	Texas billionaire Allen Stanford is taken into custody on a fraud-related charge Stanford 's attorney says his client surrendered to agents Forbes magazine names Stanford the 205th richest American in 2008
CNN  -- Beaten again by a record-breaking effort from U.S. rival Ryan Lochte at the world swimming championships in China , Michael Phelps says he now has all the motivation he needs to bounce back at next year 's London Olympics . Defending champion Lochte claimed the men 's 200-meter individual medley title on Thursday in one minute 54 seconds , breaking the record he set in Rome in 2009 -- when Phelps did not swim in the event . He shaved a tenth of a second off that time to register the first long-course world record since the high-tech , polyurethane swimsuits were banned in 2010 . Lochte 's lead over Phelps -- who came home in 1:54.16 -- was never more than the 29-hundredths of a second he held at the final turn , having moved to the front in the second backstroke leg . Phelps ends gold drought in Shanghai "  That 's why we have records -- to get broken , " Lochte told the U.S. Swimming website . "  I 'm just happy that all that hard work I 've done this year , and dedication is definitely paying off . Hopefully everyone now can start realizing , ` Hey , it 's possible . ' Hopefully a lot more records can fall . " Phelps , who has won a record 14 Olympic gold medals after bagging an unprecedented eight in Beijing 2008 , was beaten by Lochte for the second time in Shanghai following his runner-up finish in the 200m freestyle on Wednesday . "  I think that race is going to be a lot of motivation for the next year , " said Phelps , who won the 200m butterfly on Thursday . "  There 's a lot of frustration right now going through my head , and this is going to help me through the tough months of training for the next year . "  Lochte  is super focused right now , and I think you can see that . He keeps putting the races together that are helping him win . To be honest , he 's just more prepared . That 's really what it comes down to . Races are always won by people who are most prepared . " Lochte pips Phelps to freestyle title At the last world championships in Italy , Phelps saw his previous dominance challenged by swimmers using the new-generation suits that were banned soon after . On Thursday he predicted that more of the best times set before the ban will be falling in the near future . "  I sat there two nights ago at dinner , and I was talking to some of the coaches about it that this was going to be the first world record that was going to be broken , " Phelps said . "  It says something that we 're still able to do those times , and that it 's not impossible for us to see world records right now . I think we 're going to start seeing more , and hopefully they 're more often . " The U.S. also won gold in the women 's 4x200m freestyle relay , with Missy Franklin , Dagny Knutson , Katie Hoff and Allison Schmitt heading off Australia by half a second and defending champions China back in third . Franklin also won bronze in the women 's 50m backstroke , which was won by Russia 's Anastasia Zuevea from Aya Terkawa of Japan . Olympic swim champion Cielo escapes drugs ban China won gold and bronze in the women 's 200m butterfly , as Jiao Liuyang finished 0.04 seconds ahead of Britain 's Ellen Gandy and 0.45 s in front of Liu Zige . James Magnussen confirmed his undoubted promise as the 20-year-old became the first Australian to win the men 's 100m freestyle title , heading home Canada 's Brent Hayden and France 's William Meynard . Defending champion and world record-holder Cesar Cielo finished back in fourth place . At the start of the championships , Magnussen helped Australia earn a surprise victory in the 4x100m relay , condemning Phelps ' U.S. team to third place . Leading off the team , he set the fastest 100m time by a swimmer not using a banned suit since Dutchman Pieter van den Hoogenband , the 2000 and 2004 Olympic champion .	Ryan Lochte beats Michael Phelps for second time at 2011 world swimming championships Lochte sets new world record in retaining men 's 200-meter individual medley title U.S. also win gold in the women 's 4x200m freestyle relay in Shanghai James Magnussen becomes first Australian to win men 's 100m freestyle title
To hear prosecutors tell it , Darrien Hunt lunged at officers with a "  samurai-type sword " before he was killed . To hear his family tell it , police shot the 22-year-old several times while he was running away . An independent autopsy proves he was shot from behind , his family 's attorney said . And while there 's no consensus about what happened last Wednesday morning , the Utah case is already drawing comparisons to the police shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . Hunt 's mother said she believes race played a role in her son 's death . "  They killed my son because he 's black , " Susan Hunt told CNN affiliate KSL . "  No white boy with a little sword would they shoot while he 's running away . " But the Utah County Attorney 's Office said there is "  currently no indication that race played any role in the confrontation between Mr. Hunt and the police officer . " "  Police officers from the Saratoga Springs Police Department responded to a report of a suspicious individual walking around a local business with a ` samurai-type ' sword , " Chief Deputy Tim Taylor of the prosecutor 's office said in a statement . "  When the officers made contact with Mr. Hunt , preliminary evidence suggests that Mr. Hunt brandished the sword and lunged toward the officers with the sword , at which time Mr. Hunt was shot . " Hunt family attorney Randall Edwards challenged that version of events . An independent autopsy shows Hunt was shot six times from behind , Edwards told CNN . "  We are not going to release the independent autopsy results or the name of who performed it until the Utah State Medical Examiner releases its results , " Edwards said . The claim that Hunt lunged at officers with the sword "  seems to be inaccurate , " Edwards said , "  based on witnesses who saw him running from police officers and our independent autopsy . " The county attorney 's office said the case is under investigation . Two officers have been placed on paid administrative leave while the shooting is investigated , KSL said . "  Rest assured that there is more to this story , " police said in a statement on their Facebook page . "  Many of the details can not yet be shared due to the ongoing investigation . " Hunt was arrested in January on several charges , including assault , child abuse and intoxication , according to county records . Edwards said that arrest had nothing to do with last week 's shooting , and that Hunt had no history of interactions with the Saratoga Springs Police Department . The arrest came after a fist fight with one of Hunt 's siblings , Edwards said , "  and since it was his first offense he was able to have it dropped from his record if he pleaded guilty to the charges . " "  We do n't know exactly what happened , but the fact that a black kid with an Afro was shot while walking down the street by two white officers in a city that is 96 % white is concerning , " Edwards said . "  There are serious questions as to why officers were questioning him and the use of force in this situation . " While some have speculated that race played a role in the shooting deaths of Hunt and Brown , there 's one key difference between the two cases : Brown was unarmed when he was shot , and Hunt was reportedly carrying a 3-foot sword around a Panda Express restaurant and other businesses . "  I believe that maybe my son thought , ` Maybe I 'll try to get a job at Panda , maybe this sword will impress them , ' " Susan Hunt told KSL . She said that the sword was purchased at a local Asian gift shop and that it could not actually cut anything . In a statement Monday , Panda Restaurant Group spokesman Thien Ho said the Saratoga Springs location was closed at the time of the shooting . "  We do not have first-hand details of what occurred , " Ho said . CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin said the case , like the Brown shooting , highlights the issue of when police can use deadly force . Officers are justified in using deadly force , she said , to defend their lives or to stop a fleeing felon whose escape would pose a serious threat to the officer or to the public . "  So when I see this fact pattern where someone may have been shot in the back , that someone must have been committing a violent crime and pose a threat to society , the public , for that officer to be justified in shooting the person , " Hostin said . "  These cases are very case and fact-specific . But it does seem to odd to me that , if he was running away with this fake sword , that deadly force would be appropriate . " But there are other questions to consider , she said , including whether the sword looked fake . "  Maybe the sword looked to be a real sword , " Hostin said . "  And was there a violent crime committed with that sword ? "	Family 's attorney : Autopsy shows he was shot six times from behind "  Serious questions as to why officers were questioning him , " attorney says Authorities say Darren Hunt lunged at police with a sword Mother : He may have taken the sword to try to get a job at Panda Express
CNN  -- A Colorado prosecutor Friday asked a judge to dismiss the first-degree murder charge against Tim Masters , who spent nine years in prison until new DNA evidence indicated someone else might have committed the crime . Tim Masters , center , walks out of a Fort Collins , Colorado , courthouse Tuesday with his attorney David Wymore . Court papers filed by District Attorney Larry Abrahamson cited "  newly discovered " evidence , but took pains to state that evidence did n't clear Masters . "  While the newly discovered DNA evidence does not exonerate Timothy Masters , it clearly warrants a complete re-examination of all the evidence related to the murder of Peggy Hettrick , " the court papers state . The motion seeks dismissal of the charges "  in the interest of justice . " It points out the DNA testing used to uncover the new evidence was n't available when Masters was investigated and tried . On Tuesday a judge threw out Masters ' 1999 murder conviction , and he was freed -- also "  in the interest of justice . " Although the motion signals that Abrahamson is dropping the Masters case , he did not rule out future prosecution . In a statement , the prosecutor cautioned : "  Contrary to news reports , the DNA testing results only suggest that there may be others , along with Timothy Masters , who should be investigated . These test results do not provide us with enough information to completely exonerate anyone . " Abrahamson said he has asked Colorado Attorney General John Suthers to appoint a special prosecutor to continue the investigation of Hettrick 's slaying . The attorney general will announce his decision early next week , Abrahamson said . Masters , 36 , has been investigated for Hettrick 's murder since he was 15 . He has insisted he had nothing to do with her death , and no physical evidence ties him directly to the crime . Watch Masters describe his anger at police " A jury convicted Masters 12 years after the discovery of Hettrick 's stabbed and sexually mutilated corpse in a field near his trailer . Among the evidence jurors considered were a collection of knives found in Master 's bedroom , gruesome sketches and testimony from a prosecution expert that he fit the psychological profile of a killer . Masters ' defense team said he was framed , and that police and prosecutors sat on evidence that could have raised doubt about his guilt . The significance of Friday 's motion to dismiss is largely procedural , but Abrahamson indicated earlier this week that it might be unnecessary to try Masters again . "  In light of newly discovered evidence revealed to me on Friday , " Abrahamson said in a statement a week ago , "  I will be moving as expeditiously as possible to make the determination of whether all charges against Timothy Masters will be dismissed . " Abrahamson also has vowed to review all "  contested convictions " in which advances in DNA testing may prove useful . He said he wanted to examine the legal discovery process and that he had met with the Fort Collins police chief and his officers "  to discuss the critical flow of information with assurance that all information is available to our office and the defense . " Special prosecutor Don Quick filed a motion earlier this month citing four instances in which police and prosecutors should have handed over evidence to Masters ' original defense team . See the key players in the case " Among them was a police interview with a plastic surgeon who said it was improbable that a teen could have made the meticulous cuts necessary to remove Hettrick 's body parts . Also , according to Quick 's motion , police failed to divulge that a renowned FBI profiler warned police that Masters ' penchant for doodling gruesome horror scenes did not tie him to the crime . Investigations into how police and prosecutors handled the case continue . E-mail to a friend	NEW : D.A. seeks dismissal of Tim Masters murder case Masters was released Tuesday ; conviction was tossed Masters convicted in 1999 of murder , sexual mutilation of 37-year-old woman He spent nearly nine years in prison
CNN  -- The Anchorage , Alaska , airport reopened Sunday afternoon after being closed after an eruption of a nearby volcano on Saturday . Ash from Alaska 's Mount Redoubt volcano has been falling , causing flight cancelations . Ash from Mount Redoubt fell around the city , Alaska 's largest , resulting in the closure of Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport , the Federal Aviation Administration said . Only a trace amount of the ash reached the airport grounds , airport spokesman Jeremy Lindseth said , but it was enough to affect operations . The airport reopened at about 2 p.m.  6 p.m. ET  Sunday , according to the airport 's operations office . The eruption occurred at about 1:30 p.m.  5:30 p.m. ET  Saturday , the U.S. Geological Survey told CNN . The eruption shot ash about 45,000 feet in the air , officials said . The volcano erupted four times on Friday , at times shooting ash 51,000 feet into the air . The eruptions are the latest in a series that began March 22 . The Alaska Volcano Observatory has set the alert level at red , its highest possible designation . That indicates an eruption is under way or imminent and the eruption will produce a "  significant emission of volcanic ash into the atmosphere . " iReport.com : Send photos , videos of the volcanic ash Friday 's volcano activity prompted Alaska Airlines to limit flights to and from Anchorage , according to the airline 's Web site . The airline canceled all its Thursday flights to and from Anchorage after an eruption earlier in the day sent an ash cloud 65,000 feet high . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	NEW : Airport reopened at about 2 p.m.  6 p.m. ET  Sunday Anchorage airport closed for awhile as volcanic ash clouded the sky Latest eruption of Mount Redoubt happened at 1:30 p.m.  5:30 p.m. ET  Saturday Volcano erupted four times Friday and once shot ash at least 51,000 feet into the air
London  CNN  -- While the fight for equality between women and men has long been an uphill struggle , the current economic situation -- the "  age of austerity " -- poses a new kind of threat . In recent years , the steady , albeit slow , march towards equality has not only come to a standstill but threatens to change direction . Here in the UK , record cuts to public spending risk actually reversing progress . The Fawcett Society 's analysis has found that women face a "  triple jeopardy " of job losses , benefit cuts and the expectation that they will fill a looming "  care gap . " Women 's unemployment is now at a 25-year high , and rising . In large part , this is down to dramatic cuts to the public sector workforce -- women make up two-thirds of this workforce overall . Women are also bearing the brunt of cuts to benefits . The "  emergency budget " of 2010 contained some $ 13 billion  Â # 8 billion  worth of cuts . More than 72 % of this cash will come from women 's pockets , because many of the cuts are to benefits that more women than men rely on . Finally , women lose out more than men as public services are rolled back -- both because they tend to rely on these services more , but also because they end up "  plugging the gap " as support services such as low-cost childcare dry up . Read more : 10 most powerful women in tech On 3 May , the UK heads to the polls to elect around a third of local council seats including the powerful position of Mayor of London , who plays a key role in running the city . The impact of these cuts on women is high on the political agenda . London 's mayoral election has grabbed most of the limelight in the UK media : A steady stream of commentators have speculated on what different results will mean for different political parties , while the campaign itself has been dominated by the outsized personalities of the core contenders . But in the midst of the bluster , mudslinging and occasional genuine political debate , scant attention has been paid to the sizeable and substantial influence the Mayor 's office wields . Whoever wins this election will be the most powerful directly elected politician in the United Kingdom  and , in fact , most of Europe  , with overarching responsibility for a budget of some $ 23.6 billion  Â # 14.6 billion  . How this money is spent can make a real difference to the lives of London 's four million women . Fawcett 's research has found that , far from leading the way , the UK 's capital city lags behind much of the country when it comes to gender equality . Women in London are more likely to live in poverty , experience a wider pay gap , and are less likely to work once they have children than women living elsewhere . In fact , London has the lowest level of maternal employment in the country : Just over half of the city 's mothers with dependent children work , compared to almost two-thirds across the UK . More from Leading Women : Norway 's female execs quota Women are also thin on the ground when it comes to positions of power in public and political life . Only 29 of London 's 73 Members of Parliament are female ; just eight of the 25 Members of the London Assembly -- which holds the Mayor to account -- are women . Our research also suggests women in London are more likely to experience sexual assault than those living elsewhere in the UK . Far from getting better , the gap between women and men in London is set to widen . The toxic combination of rising women 's unemployment , cuts to welfare and the ever-increasing cost of living in the capital means that life for London 's women is going to get tougher . Some groups will be particularly hard hit . More lone parents call London home than anywhere else in the UK , and because of changes to the welfare system , they can expect to lose a month 's worth of income on average by 2015 . This is why Fawcett has called on mayoral candidates to commit to taking action on gender equality . We asked all candidates to pledge that , if elected , they will assess the impact of their policies -- including the GLA budget -- on women and men . Thus far , the Labour , Green and Lib Dem candidates have all committed to taking this vital first step , a surefire way of improving the way policy decisions are made -- and the lot of women in London . You can read more about the different candidates ' policies and how they will affect women here . The political color of City Hall might mean a lot to the different political parties , but it makes a daily , real difference to the lives of millions of Londoners .	Expert : Whoever wins control of London 's $ 23 bn budget could make a real difference to the city 's four million women Goddard : Women in London are more likely to live in poverty , experience a wider pay gap than women elsewhere in UK Only eight of the 25 members of the current London Assembly , which holds Mayor to account , are women
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Six car bombings in four hours killed 48 people and wounded 81 in various Baghdad neighborhoods Wednesday , according to Iraq 's Interior Ministry . Iraqi soldiers survey one of the Baghdad marketplaces where car bombs detonated Wednesday . In a separate incident , five people were killed and three wounded by a roadside bomb south of Baghdad , a ministry official said . Most of the deaths came when three car bombs parked at separate but nearby marketplaces exploded in quick succession in the eastern Baghdad Shiite neighborhood of Sadr City , killing at least 45 people and injuring at least 68 , the ministry official said . Three other car bombings followed . Two of those , outside a Shiite mosque in the Hurriya district of northern Baghdad , killed three people and wounded eight . The bombs exploded in close succession shortly before 9 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  . A third a few hours earlier injured at least five civilians in a predominantly Shiite area of southwestern Baghdad , according to the ministry . Wednesday 's series of bombings echoed an incident earlier this month , when seven car bombs detonated within about four hours . The U.S. military blamed al Qaeda in Iraq for what it called coordinated attacks . Sadr City is a heavily populated Shiite area , with an estimated 2.5 million people packed into a 25-square-kilometer area . The district was a stronghold of Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr 's Mehdi Army , but most of the fighters went underground after fierce fighting in April 2008 . In a seventh bombing Wednesday night , at least five people died and three were wounded south of Baghdad , a ministry official said . A roadside bomb struck a minibus in Hor Rajab , a predominantly Sunni area on the southern outskirts of Baghdad . The casualties were all civilians , the official said . There has been an uptick in bombings and attacks in recent weeks , mainly targeting Shiites and Shiite areas . Last Thursday and Friday , five suicide bombings , as well as other attacks in Baghdad and Diyala province , left almost 160 people dead and 275 wounded . Earlier Wednesday , U.S. and Iraqi troops were ambushed in northern Iraq , according to Maj. Derrick Cheng , spokesman for the U.S. military 's Multi-National Division-North . The troops were on a joint mission in Riyadh , southwest of Kirkuk , where coalition forces are working with local police to provide micro-grants to small businesses , Cheng said . Several individuals attacked the troops using at least one grenade and small arms fire , he said . Cheng said two of the attackers reportedly were killed and another two were wounded . A woman reportedly was injured by shrapnel from the grenade , but was treated and released , he said . A soldier was reported wounded but was in good condition , Cheng said . So far this month , 15 U.S. soldiers have died in Iraq , compared to nine in March -- most of those in non-combat-related incidents . March 's death toll was the lowest monthly toll for the U.S. military since the war began 2003 . The Riyadh incident comes at a time of heightened tension between the U.S. military and the Iraqi government , after two Iraqis were killed during a military raid south of Baghdad on Sunday . Iraqi state TV reported that Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki accused U.S. troops of violating the security agreement between the two countries with the raid in Wasit province . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Six car bombs explode in Baghdad , Iraq 's Interior Ministry says Separate roadside bombing south of Baghdad kills five civilians , official says U.S. , Iraqi troops ambushed in northern Iraq ; two attackers killed , U.S. military says
Beijing  CNN  -- China on Tuesday criticized human rights groups ' accounts of a violent clash between Tibetan protesters and the Chinese police , accusing them of trying to "  distort the truth . " The dispute over what took place in a remote area of Sichuan Province comes at a sensitive time in China 's relationship with its Tibetan population after a string of self-immolations by Tibetan protesters in recent months . The International Campaign for Tibet , which promotes human rights for Tibetan people , reported Monday that thousands of Tibetans had marched on government offices before the police opened fire into the crowd , killing at least three protesters and wounding nine . Free Tibet , a London-based group that campaigns for Tibetan independence , said that one person was killed and as many as 30 others wounded by gunfire from the Chinese security forces . The rights groups said the protesters had been motivated by a recent security crackdown on Tibetans in the region following the circulation of pamphlets raising the prospect of more self-immolations . The reports , which could not be independently verified , contrasted with the account given by Xinhua , the official Chinese news agency . It reported that "  dozens of people , including some monks , stormed and smashed some stores along a main street and a police station " in the autonomous Tibetan prefecture of Ganzi in Sichuan . "  The mob , some armed with knives , threw stones at police officers and destroyed two police vehicles and two ambulances , " Xinhua reported , saying that the violence left one of the marchers dead and four wounded . Five police officers were also wounded , Xinhua said . The alternative versions of events from the Tibetan rights groups clearly angered the Chinese authorities . "  The attempts of overseas secessionist groups involving Tibet to distort the truth and discredit the Chinese government will not succeed , " Xinhua said Tuesday , citing Hong Lei , a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry . Xinhua described the rights groups ' accounts as "  ill-intentioned hype . " The protests come ahead of the Tibetan New Year on Feb. 22 and with tensions high following more than a dozen self-immolations by Tibetans in the past year . For a fifth straight year , China will close Tibet to foreign tourists again this year from the Tibetan New Year festival until the anniversary of a deadly anti-government riot among Tibetans in March , according to regional travel agents . Tibetans in the mountainous region of Ganzi , have called for more freedom and the return of the Dalai Lama , their spiritual leader who fled to India during an uprising against Chinese rule in 1959 . Calls to the Ganzi public security bureau and government office went unanswered on Tuesday . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	A clash between Tibetan protesters and Chinese police leaves at least one person dead China 's official news agency and Tibetan rights groups offer conflicting versions of events A Chinese government official accuses the rights groups of trying to "  distort the truth " The clash comes after a string of self-immolations by Tibetan protesters in recent months
InStyle.com  -- The dark horse in a stampede of sun-kissed curls , Lucy Liu 's ebony mane sets her apart from the typical Hollywood leading lady . "  Even if you do n't have any makeup on , you can still look really pretty if your lips are soft and shiny . " "  My hair is so dark that I 'd have to bleach it to add color , so I never dye it , " she says . From long , sexy locks on Ally McBeal to razor-straight styles that whip around as she side-kicks and slices her way through Charlie 's Angels and Kill Bill , Liu 's hair practically plays a supporting role . This fall she returns to television as publishing exec Mia Mason on ABC 's Cashmere Mafia . With a wavy bob  thanks to a grown-out perm  , Liu , 38 , embraces her girlier side . "  When my hair was longer , people did n't come up and talk to me , " she says . "  Now they find me more approachable . " What 's your earliest beauty memory ? I used to watch my mom put makeup on , and we would go to the five-and-dime store and experiment with whatever makeup was there . It was basically L'Oréal lipstick -- which is funny , because I still use it . So is your mom your beauty guru ? No , now she 's coming to me for tips . She sees how amazing my makeup looks , but it 's not me . It 's the people putting it on . I really like to keep my skin clean . I use just a little concealer . I do n't even put on sunscreen , but I do n't sit in the sun either . No sunscreen ! How do you keep your skin so young and smooth ? I drink a lot of water , and I 've never had coffee . I think caffeine can be really bad for your skin . And I do n't get facials , ever . Why do n't you get facials ? I think they damage your skin . People are getting peels and dermabrasion , and anything with the word "  abrasion " does n't work for me . I also think a lot of plastic surgery hurts your skin . Do you always carry around two different eye liners ? Yes . The liquid liner is for above the eye , and the pencil is for inside the eye . But I rarely use the pencil unless I 'm going out . If you put liquid liner on during the day and then add pencil to the inner rims at night , it glams it up . What about your hair ? How do you keep it so shiny ? I alternate between Dr. Bronner 's All in One soap , Davines and Prawduct for shampoo and different conditioners like Pantene . I love herbal scents because I 'm a little bit allergic -LSB- to fragrance -RSB- . If I walk into a store and it 's all perfume , it 's too much . And I let my hair air dry . I rarely blow-dry -- I do n't have time . You sound very low maintenance . Do you have any beauty indulgences ? I splurge on acupuncture . It 's preventative medicine : You go in once a month , and you get a little checkup so you 're regulated . It keeps you healthy . My parents used to get acupuncture . It has been a part of my culture and my life for a long time , and it really , really works . It can help you lose weight , it can help your skin stay young -- and I 've found it helps with jet lag . -LSB- Acupuncturists -RSB- look at your tongue and will say : "  All right , you 're drinking too much " or "  You 're emotional , are n't you ? " How else do you stay healthy ? Do you still practice martial arts ? I just trained for the movies . But I love going hiking , and now because I 'm -LSB- filming in New York City -RSB- , I go biking . People can see me on the street -- I 'm not biking that fast . It 's just good exercise , and you get around quickly . It 's like being on a horse or a motorcycle because you 're outside . What about Aquaphor ? I 've heard you 're obsessed . I use it for everything . It 's not too glossy , so I wear it when I do movies because it looks really natural . I always carry a mini with me . And if I fall , which I do a lot -- I generally skid -- I 'll put it on my -LSB- scrapes -RSB- . When I was shooting a movie in Montreal , it was freezing . If you take a little bit of Aquaphor and dab it on your face , it keeps your skin looking fresh . I dubbed it Aqua for Everything . Get her look Makeup Makeup pro Scott Barnes applied La Femme eye shadow in Clove  far left , $ 6 ; alconeco.com  in Liu 's creases and black liquid liner along her upper lash lines . Next he lined top and bottom inner rims with black pencil . For a natural glow he used the same beige cream makeup on cheeks and lips  Scott Barnes Crème Color in Flush , left , $ 24 ; saks.com  . Hair To enhance Liu 's waves and add volume , stylist Hallie Bowman spritzed Kiehl 's Super Thick Volumizer  $ 19 ; kiehls.com  on her damp hair , then blow-dried with a diffuser while scrunching the ends . Once hair was dry , Bowman rubbed Kérastase Vinyle Nutri-Sculpt cream  $ 29 ; kerastase.com  between her palms and finger-shaped waves to tame frizz and flyaways . E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Actress Lucy Liu believes long hair makes her more approachable She believes lots of water and no caffeine is good for skin Says acupuncture keeps you healthy , helps with weight loss
CNN  -- NFL offensive lineman Richie Incognito has been on the defense since November after fellow Miami Dolphins player Jonathan Martin abruptly left the team citing emotional abuse by Incognito on and off the field . Incognito adamantly maintains the two were friends who just had a crass rapport , though an NFL-sanctioned investigation found racial slurs used by Incognito and sexually explicit messages about Martin 's mother and sister constituted a "  pattern of harassment . " The report also concluded that the two developed "  an odd but seemingly close friendship . " Jonathan Martin-Richie Incognito investigation report released Incognito took to Twitter in a series of messages on February 12 to clear his name , including : "  I 'm ready to move on with my life and career . I 've been dragged through the mud for months by my ` best friend ' . #betrayed #railroaded . " He would publicly apologize online -- again -- to Martin less than five days later . The public beef has caused some to question Martin 's toughness and others to examine the harsh environment of the pro sports locker room . But it 's also worth acknowledging that the dynamic between Incognito and Martin is n't so rare -- many of us have been embroiled in what pop psychology would call a "  toxic friendship . " For Iz Zakaria 's 21st birthday , her good friend of more than 10 years sent her a self-help book on dating -- effectively throwing a burning match into the powder keg that was their relationship since seventh grade . "  It seems tiny and ridiculous , but it came near graduation , when I was facing the prospect of being unemployed and moving back home , " Zakaria , now 22 , wrote in an e-mail to CNN from Brunei . "  It was a reminder of another part of life that I am failing at -- my love life . " Zakaria wrote about her "  toxic friendship " and subsequent fallout on the Web journal Thought Catalog . She attributes her self-deprecating sense of humor and fear of confrontation , in part , to the pair 's drawn-out , dysfunctional accord . "  Most of the time , she exploited that , she built on those jokes and got everyone to laugh at me , " she says . "  She made me feel like I knew nothing , that I was a child and I was immature . " What you do n't get about NFL bullying What made the dynamic even more confusing , and complicated to stop , is that there were , of course , jolly times -- especially when nobody else was around to impress . But the dating book was the final chapter in their storied love-hate relationship . "  You ca n't keep victimizing yourself like that , " she says . Communication expert Lillian Glass decided to pen the book "  Toxic People : 10 Ways of Dealing With People Who Make Your Life Miserable " after hearing many tales like Zakaria 's . "  The definition of friendship is admiration and respect , and if you do n't have those two , you have nothing , " Glass told CNN . When friends become bullies There are two types of toxic friendships , says Glass : Those that start out toxic , and those that start to require a Hazmat suit over time . When a friendship starts out overly contentious or competitive , it 's worth asking why you 're pursuing it in the first place . You might be recreating an unhealthy pattern , perhaps modeling your relationship with a parent who belittled you as a stand-in for showing affection . "  Sometimes what we do n't resolve , we repeat , " Glass says . On the other hand , pals can simply evolve in opposite directions -- this is particularly true in friendships that have endured since adolescence . Change , though , is n't inherently a bad thing . It 's more when there is a "  discrepancy in personality and values " or a friend discourages success , says psychologist Irene S. Levine . Levine also wrote a book on prickly pacts , titled "  Best Friends Forever : Surviving a Breakup with Your Best Friend . " "  Since friendships are voluntary relationships , it makes no sense that they bring you down , " she says . She stresses in the book that people make many friends in life but only a few stick for prolonged periods . Those long-standing bonds , Levine says , are particularly hard to navigate -- or end -- because of the significant losses in cutting ties . "  These people are like scrapbooks of our lives , collection of our memories . It 's very nice to be able to reminisce and have someone know your roots and know you in a different phase , " she says . An uncordial split could put mutual friends in an awkward situation . If the toxic friend 's nature is spiteful or vengeful , there 's also the potential that he or she could unleash a firestorm of secrets and confidences you shared through the years . But , Glass says , if that 's their nature , they 're probably already talking behind your back . "  Deny it or ignore it and distance yourself , " she says . "  Then again , as they say , do n't tell your best friend what you would n't want your worst enemy to know . " Short of "  dumping " the friend , Levine suggests there are other ways to attempt to ease the tension : Take a break from the person by speaking and seeing them less frequently . If the other party is persistent or guilt-trips you for not being around , a little white lie about scheduling could be in order . Levine says it 's nice to want to maintain a longtime connection , but if none of these fixes work , the offended party must find a way to end it . Although it might be hard to address awkwardness , try to be direct but ultimately kind . And never end a friendship impulsively . "  You really need to think very carefully before you do it , " Levine says . "  There 's no going back . People will never forget that conversation . " Are you or have you been in a toxic relationship ? Did you make amends or call it quits ? Share your experiences in the comments below .	The "  friend or foe " dynamic between Richie Incognito and Jonathan Martin is n't so rare Some model toxic friendships on their belittling relationships from childhood Longtime friendships are particularly hard to end with the storehouse of memories
CNN  -- She has become a symbol of the violent protests in Turkey . Across social media , she 's known as "  The Woman in Red . " Wearing a red summer dress and a delicate necklace , the woman walked among demonstrators in Istanbul 's Taksim Square when a security officer lurched at her and pepper-sprayed her so powerfully her hair was blown upward . She could do nothing but turn away from the toxic spray . The officer , wearing a gas mask , lunged closer to her , unleashing more spray on the back of her neck . She covered her mouth as officers spray others . The photos of the incident have been shared widely on social media in recent days . International headlines have proclaimed her an "  icon " of the movement against the government of Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan . "  That photo encapsulates the essence of this protest , " a math student named Esra told Reuters . "  The violence of the police against peaceful protesters , people just trying to protect themselves and what they value . " The images have also inspired cartoons and graffiti in Turkey and around the world . And just seeing a woman in a red dress walking in public has apparently touched a chord with other women in the region , too . Zeinobia tweeted , "  The woman in red in Turkey , I wish to wear such dress in downtown Cairo without fear , without protests , without sexual harassment . " But the truth is that woman in red told CNN Wednesday that she wants no part of this . What 's happening in Turkey is the "  people 's revolt , " she said . Ceyda Sungur told Turkey 's TV 24 that she is uncomfortable about her new fame . She does n't want to be an icon of a movement . "  There are a lot of people who were at the park and they were also tear-gassed , " she said . "  There is not  a  difference between them and I. " But , she added , "  I am not surprised " about the violence that evolved from what began days ago as a peaceful sit-in to protest plans to demolish a park in central Istanbul -- the last green space in the city center . Some in the crowd chanted "  Tayyip resign ! " "  Shoulder to shoulder against fascism ! " they shouted . Riot police moved in , lobbing tear gas and using pepper spray . Protesters responded by hurling bottles , blocking bulldozers and setting up barricades . Eventually , protesters and police were locked in full-on clashes . Erdogan conceded Saturday that Turkish security forces had used tear gas excessively against demonstrators . On Tuesday , a top Turkish official apologized for the "  police aggression " and trade unions threw their weight behind the demonstrations . The 240,000-member KESK confederation of public-sector workers called for a two-day strike to protest what it calls the "  fascism " of Erdogan 's ruling Justice and Development Party . Riot police around Ankara 's central Kizilay Square brought in armored vehicles topped with water cannon in a show of force Tuesday evening , but the demonstrations throughout Wednesday were mostly calm . CNN 's Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	Ceyda Sungur is pepper-sprayed by security forces Images of her in a red dress , unarmed , move people to call her an icon of Turkey protests Sungur says there is no difference between her and others tear-gassed in the park Protests in Turkey have been raging for days , as riot police clash with demonstrators
Chhukha , Bhutan  CNN  -- Bhutan is the last of the Himalayan kingdoms . The small country is situated in the nooks and crannies of the highest mountain range on earth . It 's a special place that did n't have paved roads until the 1960s , was off-limits to foreign tourists until the 1970 's , and did n't have television until 1999 , the last country in the world to get service . The altitude and scenery are enough to take your breath away . In this country the environment is cherished . The kingdom lists environmental protection as one of the four pillars of happiness , a state of mind the country takes so seriously that "  gross national happiness " is considered more important than gross domestic product . Still , Bhutan is modernizing and looking at how to use its resources responsibly . Water is one of its most abundant resources . "  Some people tell me that it 's the ` moving gold , ' " Sherup Tenzing , the executive engineer for Druk Green Power Corporation in Chhukha , said . "  Since the river patterns in Bhutan are naturally designed in such a way that it can produce huge amount of energy -- that is also clean energy . " Bhutan is tapping into that clean energy on a massive scale . Hydropower is the sole source of electricity in the country and experts say the country is only using about 5 percent of its potential right now . "  After 2020 we have a target of accomplishing 15 additional power plants and 3 are already under construction and they have achieved good progress , " Tenzin said . Bhutan 's very first hydropower plant was set up in Chhukha , about a two-hour drive from the capital Thimphu . The dam that harnesses the water is a spectacle in and of itself . It is beautifully painted with Buddhist deities , including the water goddess . Even in the belly of the plant , the most utilitarian space has a wall covered with a colorfully painted mural depicting the life of Buddha . The mural adds beauty to what would normally be quite drab and dank . In Bhutan hydroelectricity has become big business ; actually , the biggest business . The clean energy created in this small country  it 's about the size of Switzerland with a population less than that of San Francisco  is being sold to one of Bhutan 's power-starved and highly populated neighbors : India . "  More than 60 percent of our GDP comes from hydro-power , " Bhutan 's Prime Minister Jigme Thinley told CNN . He says the clean energy business is a perfect fit for the country . "  Bhutan is ecologically a very fragile region , being located in the vulnerable Himalayas . And in fact , even with respect to hydropower , we are engaging in its realization only because it is ecologically friendly , these are all run-of-the river schemes with minimum or no damage to the ecology , " the prime minister said . Not everyone is convinced . Government adviser Dasho Paljor J. Dorji worries too many dams may harm the creatures that live in the water . "  It 's a shame that so much of our rivers are being tapped . The aim is good . -LSB- But -RSB- it happens so quickly . I thought that , perhaps , we might be able to leave some of our rivers , still pristine with its natural beauty instead of damming them all , " Dorji said . Still , Dorji is well aware of all the benefits from an energy source that does n't pollute the air . Eighty percent of the country now has electricity and the goal is to have the entire nation electrified by 2013 , all of it provided by hydropower . The clean energy has changed many lives in Bhutan . Farmer Zangmo , who uses only one name that is typical in the country , got electricity for the first time in 2000 . "  Earlier , when electricity was n't there , we faced a lot of problems . We had to depend on firewood for everything . Everything was dark , back then , " Zangmo said . Electricity has helped increase the family income too . Earlier , after backbreaking work harvesting rice in the fields , the family would have to spend their days beating the husks off the rice . Now Zangmo flicks a switch and the electrical machine does the de-husking , making work more efficient and faster . She says she does n't know how the electricity is made but she is thankful for it . In fact , many of the people benefiting from hydropower have no idea that the pristine water in their rivers is generating the lights in their homes and businesses . When we told Zangmo that running water was helping create the electricity in her home her eye opened wide and she said : "  We did n't know that water could produce electricity . It is unbelievable . "	Hydropower is the sole source of electricity in Bhutan The kingdom lists environmental protection as one of the four pillars of happiness "  More than 60 percent of our GDP comes from hydro-power , " said Bhutan 's PM Experts say the country is only using about 5 percent of its potential right now
CNN  -- Whenever Felicia Hudson gets overwhelmed juggling a full-time job and caring for her ailing father , she finds solace in a piece of paper hanging in her office . "  Circumstances do not cause anger , nervousness , worry or depression ... it is how we handle situations that allow these adverse moods , " it says . "  We actually choose our own attitudes . I choose to be calm , well-adjusted and happy ! " She ca n't remember where she found the motto , but focusing on it is one of several coping mechanisms Hudson has developed since she took her father out of a nursing home in July 2008 and moved him into her two-bedroom apartment in San Diego . By then , 72-year-old Alvin Hudson had suffered three strokes and been diagnosed with diabetes , kidney failure and renal disease , requiring a long list of medication and dialysis three times a week . It was only a matter of days before Hudson became overwhelmed , she says . "  It was like , ` oh my , what did I get myself into ? ' " the 51-year-old Georgia native recalls . "  Sometimes , I would just go into the bathroom and cry . " She laughs about it now , but in the beginning , "  it was horrible , " she says . She 'd go to her job at a manufacturing plant at 8 a.m. , leaving at lunch three times a week to bring her father to a dialysis center . She 'd return to work and stay late to make up the time , and then go back to the center to pick him up . Those were just the normal days . If he had an extra appointment with the dentist , podiatrist or general practitioner , she took the day off to shuttle him around and sit in waiting rooms . "  I put my life on hold , " she said . "  I was trying to do it all . " It 's a scenario familiar to many across the United States as adult children become caregivers for aging and chronically ill loved ones . With the first of the baby boomers turning 65 in 2011 , the number of Americans entering retirement age is expected to nearly double by 2030 , according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ' Administration on Aging . As the country braces for the prospect of providing health care to roughly 72 million adults , the impact on caregivers is coming into focus . A study released last week found that Americans caring for aging and chronically ill relatives reported higher levels of stress , poorer health and a greater tendency to engage in unhealthy behaviors to alleviate stress than the population at large . Moreover , 55 % of caregivers reported feeling overwhelmed by the task at hand , according to the American Psychological Association 's "  Stress in America " survey , which was conducted online among 1,226 adults in the United States in August and September . While emphasizing results among caregivers , the survey also found that 22 % of Americans reported "  extreme stress " and 39 % said their stress had increased over the past year . Those results were higher among caregivers , who were also more likely than the general population to report doing a poor job at managing and preventing stress , according to the survey 's findings . "  People who care for loved ones tend to take on a lot , but do n't take care of themselves , " said Beverly Hills psychologist Fran Walfish , who helps look after her 90-year-old father . "  It 's easy to neglect yourself when you try to be all things to everyone else , but something has to give and it catches up with you . " The report emphasizes the public health implications of high stress levels , with caregivers reporting greater rates of high cholesterol , high blood pressure , obesity and depression . "  It takes an incredible amount of self-awareness but you have to be willing to say I need help , I 'm not omnipotent , " Walfish said . "  It 's impossible to be all things to everyone , so what we have to do is have honest straight talk with ourselves about how much we can handle and when we seek help from others . " The same lesson applies to those who are stressed , without the added burden of being a caregiver , she said . Significant sources of stress among respondents included money  75 %  , work  70 %  , the economy  67 %  and relationships  58 %  , according to survey results . Regardless of the cause , stress often results from taking on too much and not knowing when to stop or ask for help . "  People feel a lot of pressure , especially in this economy , to not complain or set limits for themselves . Before you know it , you can have a bodily reaction that can be very negative , from extreme depression to heart attack or stroke , " said Andrew Spanswick , chairman and CEO of KLEAN , a residential addiction treatment center in West Hollywood , California . "  Americans are chronically sleep-deprived and overworked , so most people could really benefit from taking time for themselves and figuring out a way to relax , " he said . For low-income households , a reprieve can be hard to come by . Even as work piled up around her , Hudson did n't complain , fearing for her job security . She 'd lie awake at night worrying about finances . With the rest of her family across the country in Atlanta , she felt alone . She lost contact with friends , put on weight and began to neglect basic household chores amid the hustle of work and caring for her father . Help finally arrived for Hudson and her father when they discovered an all-inclusive elder care center that accepted Medicaid . St. Paul 's PACE , which stands for Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly , functions like a day care for the elderly , providing medical services , social outlets and meals under one roof , along with transportation to and from the Bankers Hill campus . "  What we usually encounter is a very overwhelmed adult child who is trying to work and ca n't keep things together . Oftentimes , their house is a mess , they 're financially burdened and they no longer have outside ties to the community because all their time is spent caring for the mom and dad , " said Amanda Gois , marketing director of St. Paul 's PACE . "  The adult child is almost at the point of resenting the parent they love and the parent is often depressed and withdrawn and has lost a desire to thrive or connect with the community because he or she does n't want to be more of a burden , " she said . Now , Hudson no longer has to bring her father to appointments . The program picks him up from home three times a week and brings him to the center , where he receives his medication and has lunch with other clients . The program also brings him to the dialysis center and back before returning him home . One night a week , someone from PACE comes to the home and cleans his room , changes his sheets and provides extras like a foot rub . "  The goal is she can now enjoy her dad versus having to care for her dad , " said Gois . For Hudson , it 's working . She joined a gym with a goal of taking off her caregiver weight . She has the ability to focus on her job and work overtime if she wants . At home , she still occasionally takes refuge in the bathroom if she has a disagreement with her dad . But it 's a world of a difference from when they first became roommates , almost four years ago . "  It 's a godsend , " she said . "  I 'm finally getting my life back . "	"  Stress in America " report emphasizes toll of caring for chronically ill relatives 55 % of caregivers reported feeling overwhelmed , American Psychological Association says In survey of 1,226 Americans , 39 % said stress levels had increased in past year "  People who care for loved ones ... do n't take care of themselves , " psychologist says
CNN  -- As the "  B " in BRIC  one of the world 's fastest-growing economies alongside Russia , India and China  , Brazil may very well owe its force to an emerging business and technology district in the heart of Sao Paulo , centered around an upscale avenue called Luis Carlos Berrini in the neighborhood of Brooklin . The modern buildings of Morumbi in Brooklin line the Marginal highway along the Pinheiros River . "  There 's been a transformation from a sleepy outpost in Sao Paulo to perhaps the city 's most dynamic area in terms of new growth , new buildings and new companies , " observes Bill Hinchberger , the founding editor of Brazilmax , an online travel guide to Brazil . Of course , this transformation did n't happen overnight . Development began in the 1930 's , from a quaint rural outpost to a middle-class residential neighborhood of predominantly single-family , chalet-style homes of German and British expatriates , alongside a favela . The commercial growth of Brooklin -- named after the now-defunct New York trolley-car line which terminated in that neighborhood -- began with the general movement of banks from Rio de Janeiro to Brazil 's biggest city near the country 's newly established  yet diplomatically dull  capital of Brasília in 1960 . In the following decades , more brands and businesses moved over from Rio to Sao Paulo , hotels took over vacant lots , and the favela was razed to make way for more office buildings . While residential  as well as dining and nightlife  development has been slow to develop in comparison , the influx of outsiders and renewal of generations has resulted in a stimulating mix of new residents and commuters . "  Since the development of the late 1990 's , Berrini is becoming the fourth downtown of Sao Paulo , after Centro , Paulista  a symbol of the 20th century city  and Faria Lima -LSB- in neighboring Pinheiros -RSB- , " says Hinchberger , who lived in Brazil from 1986 to 2008 , most of that time in Brooklin . Today , the region around Avenida Berrini hosts a quorum of high-technology multinational firms and their executives , including AT&T , HP , LG Electronics , Microsoft , Nokia , Oracle , Philips , Samsung , Sun Microsystems , and even Coca-Cola and Pepsi . But perhaps more telling is the shift of headquarters of Brazil 's largest and internationally renowned media conglomerate , Globo , from its traditional home in Rio to its new stronghold in Brooklin , Sao Paulo . Other Brazilian media and IT giants such as Terra Internet and Abril have also set up shop on Avenida Berrini , with a slew of software start-ups filling in the side-streets . So is Berrini set to be Brazil 's own up-and-coming Silicon Valley ? "  I think it 's overblown to call it a Silicon Valley , " responds Hinchberger . "  Brazil has a problem in terms of IT with fairly restrictive laws on the importation of hardware , which just makes everything more expensive . The price of any computer is about twice as much as in the U.S. Even local manufacturers do n't charge cut-rate prices , because they know they can get a free ride -LSB- on the market rates -RSB- . " But if general access to hardware hinders distribution , Hinchberger agrees that software for Web and mobile development is soaring . This should come as no surprise , given that Brazil is the world 's fifth-largest country in both area and population , and ranks fifth worldwide in number of mobile phone and Internet users . Mobile mecca With a population of 190 million , Brazil registered over 152 million mobile phones  of which 3.2 million 3G devices  as of February 2009 , resulting in a market penetration rate of 80 percent , according to the Brazilian telecommunications portal Teleco . Teleco also reports that Brazil 's four major carriers -- Vivo , TIM , Claro and Oi -- together hold 91 percent of the market . And let us not forget , Sao Paulo is the world 's fourth-largest city , as well as Brazil 's biggest and richest megalopolis . Among the foreign companies with their foot in the door of this exploding online and mobile market is the year-old start-up Nimbuzz -- headquartered in the Netherlands , with its first overseas office in Sao Paulo -- which offers a free , mobile solution for instant messaging , VoIP calling , file sending and social networking through existing platforms . "  Nimbuzz is located about five minutes from Avenida Berrini , " says Marcelo Calbucci , Nimbuzz 's Brazilian marketing analyst . "  Many direct-to-consumer companies  D2C  , operators , Internet companies and general technology companies are located around Berrini , so the location has helped in meeting new opportunities and building business relationships more frequently , with companies that relate directly to Nimbuzz 's core business . " But while some 152 million Brazilians may have a mobile handset , a staggering 80 percent of them use a pre-paid phone card , making the public 's investment in mobile services a challenge . Nimbuzz , however , remains optimistic about evolving mentalities , as the company 's Berrini branch focuses on shifting Brazilians ' already buzzing online activity to their handheld devices . "  The online social habits of the Brazilian population match Nimbuzz features , mainly with Orkut and MSN , but with good participation also from Skype , Facebook , Twitter , MySpace and others , " says Calbucci . Just around the corner from the Nimbuzz office is Brasigo , another year-old start-up , which offers an online space for Brazilians to interact and share with each other , beginning with a user-generated question-and-answer service . Like Nimbuzz , the company may be starting small , but unlike global models such as Yahoo! Answers , Brasigo has the advantage of being born and raised in Brooklin .	Avenida Berrini in Brooklin , Sao Paulo , is Brazil 's up-and-coming high-tech hub Commercial transformation began with economic shift to Sao Paulo in 1960 's Berrini is home to both foreign and local multinational brands and software start-ups Brazil has an exploding mobile-phone penetration rate of 80 percent
CNN  -- -LSB- Breaking news alert , 1:39 p.m. ET -RSB- Authorities in Piermont , New York , believe that they have recovered the body of Mark Lennon , the second victim of a boating accident involving a wedding party on the Hudson River , Sheriff Louis Falco told reporters Sunday . Lennon was the best man in the group . -LSB- Previously published story , 12:10 p.m. ET -RSB- The path that led Lindsey Stewart and Brian Bond to decide to join their lives together was as measured and deliberate as its end was abrupt . The two had been friends since they were children living in the suburbs north of New York City . They went to the same church . More than three years ago , the relationship turned romantic . Next month , the 30-year-old human resources manager at an insurance company in Nyack , and her 36-year-old beau were to marry at Good Shepherd Church in Pearl River . The reception was to be at Torne Valley Winery in Hillburn . "  She did all the plans herself , " her stepfather , Walter Kosik , told CNN . "  She had everything under control . " On Friday night , Stewart and Bond and four of their friends dined at a restaurant , then boarded a 21-foot Stingray power boat on the Hudson River for what was to have been a short ride from the village of Piermont in Rockland County to Tarrytown . It was a clear , balmy night . The short ride and the couple 's long-term plans collided fatally when the boat struck the side of one of three barges that were lashed together at a construction site near the Tappan Zee Bridge , 25 miles north of Manhattan . The barges , which were being used by a contractor who is building a new bridge , had been anchored in the river since around April , said Robert Van Cura , undersheriff of the Rockland County Sheriff 's Office . Stewart was thrown from the boat , as was Mark Lennon , who was to have served as the couple 's best man . Despite suffering serious head injuries , Bond , Stewart 's fiance , called 911 from the boat at 10:41 p.m. , reporting that it had struck an object south of the bridge . Rescuers poured in from around the area , but to no avail . At 2:30 a.m. Saturday , the police showed up at the house belonging to Stewart 's mother and stepfather . "  That 's something -- a nightmare -- I do n't wish on any parent , to get that police coming over your house waking you out of your sleep to tell you that an accident has occurred , " Kosik said . A few hours later , a body believed to be that of Stewart 's was discovered about an eighth of a mile off the riverbank . The search for Lennon , which proved fruitless Saturday , was to resume Sunday morning , but officials held out little hope he would be found alive . "  We 're always hopeful , but obviously , at this hour , it 's less and less likely that this would be a rescue as opposed to a recovery , " Van Cura told reporters . The four who were not thrown from the boat suffered head injuries and were taken to area hospitals . One of them , boat operator Jojo K. John , 35 , was arrested . "  We have probable cause to believe that he operated the boat while intoxicated , " Van Cura said . John was arraigned at an area hospital on one count of first-degree vehicular manslaughter and three counts of second-degree vehicular assault , Van Cura said . More charges are possible , he said . Van Cura said the operator was not the registered owner of the boat , which may have more than one owner . Bond was hospitalized at Westchester Medical Center , said Kosik , who visited him Saturday . "  He was in no condition to talk . " A spokesman for the medical center said Bond was in fair condition . "  She 's supposed to be married two weeks from today , " said Carol Stewart about her daughter . "  It just ca n't end like this . " An investigation has begun . "  The barge had some lights on it ; whether or not it was properly lighted is part of the investigation , " Van Cura said . "  On a clear , moonlit night , with the bridge lights on , you can see pretty well , " said Tom Sobolik in a telephone interview from aboard his sailboat near the accident site . The moon was last full on Monday . But Craig and Celeste Kmiecik said they were boating in the area on Friday night and that it appeared dark . "  There was a moon last night , but you really ca n't see anything , " said Craig Kmiecik . "  The barge was not lit up , " said Celeste Kmiecik . "  We saw that last night coming back to the marina . " CNN 's Alina Cho and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	A 21-foot Stingray power boat hit a barge , officials say Victims were part of a pre-wedding party "  The barge was not lit up , " boater says Bride-to-be 's mother : "  It just ca n't end like this "
CNN  -- The 30-mile highway from Kifri to Tuz Khurmatu in northern Iraq is a no-man 's - land dotted with motley gatherings of thousands of displaced families , caught between the cruelty of ISIS forces and targeted by militias backed by Iraq 's government . In August , these people lived in towns around Tuz and Amerli , at the epicenter of fighting in which the militias , Iraqi security forces and Kurdish Peshmerga , assisted by U.S.-led airstrikes , supposedly drove ISIS forces  ISIS calls itself the Islamic State  from the area . No one stayed to protect civilians from the aftermath ; their homes were looted and burned by militias , they say , after ISIS pulled out . Now , several thousand families from this region , about 90 kilometers south of Kirkuk , are eking out an existence in makeshift shelters along the road , caught between contested territory and the mountains leading to the relative safety of Iraq 's Kurdish region . At a defunct chicken factory , I met some 40 families who said they had been living there for two months without a visit , let alone any assistance , from humanitarian organizations or government officials . Despite warnings from international aid agencies about deteriorating conditions for people displaced by conflict in other parts of Iraq , these communities have been overlooked . Their current residences -- the chicken factory , a school , makeshift tents -- are too dangerous to visit , according to representatives of local humanitarian organizations . A woman named Shahlaa says that like many of the people forced from the towns around Tuz and Amerli , she was displaced twice : first when ISIS entered her town and warned of an impending battle , and then when militias attacked the village to which she had fled with her husband and three small children . "  We did n't get to stay there very long , " Shahlaa said of the village . After a week she saw dozens of SUVs , armored vehicles and pickup trucks approaching . She watched , terrified , as "  so , so many " pro-government militiamen dressed in black piled out carrying automatic weapons . "  They started shooting in the air and at the ground , they just wanted to scare us out of there , " she said . But the militia leniency did n't last very long . After driving ISIS fighters from the area between Kifri and Amerli , the militias began looting and burning homes . Families described how , after running for their lives , they sat on a hillside overlooking their towns and watched them burn . They are not alone . Militias have emptied almost 80 towns of their Sunni residents , a sheikh in Kirkuk told me . Other sheikhs , security and government officials , and some of those displaced have said the same . Yet none of the displaced from these towns has received aid , he said . The sheikh said that militiamen forced him out by setting fire to his home and scrawling their unit names on his walls well after ISIS had left the area : the Badr Brigades , Saraya al-Salam , Kita'ib Hezbollah , and Saraya al-Khorasani . These are all powerful Shia militias with high-level representatives in Iraq 's government . At the chicken factory , Shahlaa gestured to the industrial equipment in a small room where she sleeps alongside 16 relatives . "  Look at where we 're living , " she said in disgust . The area is particularly windy and rains have become heavier as winter approaches . "  When we left , we barely had time to take anything with us ; we 're sharing blankets , " she said . "  We 're running out of food and water and we 're running out of money . How will we survive the winter ? " Not only are these displaced families exposed to the elements , but they also are still caught perilously between ISIS and the militias . One man living in a makeshift camp nearby told me militiamen picked him up a couple of days earlier but released him "  because they decided I was too old . " But many of his neighbors remain detained , he said . Recently , the United Nations humanitarian agency , the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , or OCHA , launched a plan to help displaced persons in Iraq , requesting $ 1.6 billion and noting that "  early contributions -LSB- are -RSB- essential with the onset of winter . " But even if it raises funds , it is unlikely that OCHA or its humanitarian partners will be able to reach the people who most desperately need help in time to save them . The U.S. and Iraqi governments are supporting displaced people in relatively safe areas , but will they be able to reach the 40 families I met -- or others in hazardous conditions -- in time to save them from freezing or starving to death this winter ? Given that the Iraqi government and U.S.-led coalition created the conditions these people are living -- by attacking their areas and often leaving them to the mercy of the militias -- the same governments should now step in to facilitate humanitarian access , lest history makes their "  liberation " operation look more like a pathway to a massacre . As I left the chicken factory , children swarmed around me , giggling and wanting to show me how they slept like chickens packed into a room . As much as I wanted to , I could n't spare the time . I had already stayed dangerously long and the risk that someone hostile to my presence had noticed -- whether ISIS or a militiaman -- was just too high . I left the factory and its tenants behind , just as they remain out of reach and abandoned by the international community , the authorities in Baghdad and the Kurdistan Regional Government .	Conditions are deteriorating for many displaced in Iraq , says Erin Evers Governments should facilitate humanitarian access , Evers says OCHA has launched a plan to help displaced persons in Iraq , she says
CHATTANOOGA , Tennessee  CNN  -- An annual family boating trip to the Florida Keys took a bloody and life-changing turn for Jordan Thomas . Noah Parton , 6 , got prosthetics from foundation started by Jordan Thomas , right . "  It was a beautiful day , and we were going to go scuba diving , " said Thomas , who was 16 during the 2005 trip . But when he jumped into the water , the boat 's wake dragged Thomas hard into sharp , whirling propellers . He immediately knew what was about to happen . Vote now for the CNN Hero of the Year "  I looked down -- my black fins were gone , and all I saw was red just everywhere , " said Thomas , an athletic teen who was captain of his high school 's golf team . "  But I had this unbelievable calmness over my body . " His father and mother , both doctors from Chattanooga , Tennessee , jumped into action . "  All of a sudden , my 16-year old , happy-go-lucky captain of the golf team was potentially dying , " said Dr. Liz Kennedy-Thomas . Watch Thomas tell his story " She worked to stanch the blood flow from her son 's legs while his father rushed the boat to shore and fetched paramedics . Thomas was rushed to a hospital , where he spent the next two weeks undergoing several surgeries on what was left of his legs and , along the way , discovering what would become his life 's work . While there , Thomas visited other amputees . "  I just remember seeing so many kids who did n't have parents , did n't have health care , " he said . "  I just knew that the future was grim for them . " The top-of-the-line prosthetics Thomas was fitted with -- the ones that helped him return to the golf links -- cost about $ 24,000 . He learned that many insurance plans cover only about $ 5,000 . That 's especially tough on child amputees , who will outgrow several limbs before adulthood . "  I had no clue , " he said . "  It 's one of those things , unless you 're affected by it , you just do n't know . " Thomas knew he was lucky . With a financially stable family , he 'll always be able to afford good legs . He asked his family to give a donation to help others , but ultimately , with their support , the teenager launched a fundraising foundation to provide life-changing prosthetics to children in need . "  By the time we got home , we had bracelets -- all kinds of stuff , " Kennedy-Thomas said . "  The foundation was just sort of started by the time we got home . " The Jordan Thomas Foundation has raised more than $ 400,000 through bracelets , charity golf tournaments and cookouts . Some of that is paying for ongoing prosthetics for three children until they reach age 18 . One of them is Noah Parton . The precocious 6-year-old was born with a congenital heart defect and had a complication with a tube inserted in his right leg , leading to an amputation above his knee . His family 's insurance would pay only for a "  stubby , " a wooden artificial leg without a bendable knee . "  His first bendable knee ... did n't have a certain number or something that would apply , and they refused to pay for it , " said Noah 's mother , Nancy Parton , who lives with her son about an hour north of Chattanooga , in Evensville , Tennessee . Noah could n't run and play with other children . And even day-to-day activities were tough . "  It was hard to put him in the car because his leg stuck out straight . And I 'd have my seat up as far as it would go , and it would still hit the back of the seat , " she said . Thomas ' foundation stepped in , buying Noah several knee devices -- a new one for each new leg he needs as he grows -- and a foot . "  He 's so proud to show off how his knee bends , " Thomas said . "  And his foot has a split toe so he can wear sandals like his parents . " Watch Noah show off his bendable knee prosthetic to Thomas " Now , his mom says , Noah is unstoppable . "  He loves to climb stairs now ; he tries to ride bicycles , " she said . "  You name it , he does it . "  Take him to the park -LSB- with -RSB- any other kid ; he 'll just blow you away . " While Thomas says his foundation still has a "  mom-and-pop " feel , they plan to continue growing to help more children in need . "  If we provide them with prosthetics , " said Thomas , "  then that creates a whole gambit of opportunity for them to achieve whatever they want ... and I think they deserve that . " As Congress debates overhauling the nation 's health care system , prosthetics are quietly getting some attention . In May , Rep. Robert Andrews , a New Jersey Democrat , introduced the Prosthetic and Custom Orthotic Parity Act , which would require insurance companies to cover prosthetics at the same rate they do surgery . "  It 's pretty simple , " Andrews said . "  Prosthetic devices are not cosmetic . You ca n't walk without one or you ca n't lift something without one , and I think one of the reasons people are so upset about the health care system in this country is they had hassles like this . " Seventeen states have passed similar laws , most recently Missouri . But amputee advocates say there needs to be a national law . According to the Amputee Coalition of America , there are nearly 2 million amputees in the United States , and at least 25,000 of them are children . Kendra Calhoun , president and CEO of the coalition , said that with more sweeping health care legislation taking all the attention , "  our biggest hurdle -LSB- for a prosthetics law -RSB- right now is being heard . " Some insurance companies have said that premiums would go up for everyone if they were forced to cover prosthetics to the extent advocates want . Advocates cite a study that they say shows it would cost beneficiaries about five cents per month . Meanwhile , Thomas , a full-time college student in Charleston , South Carolina , spent the summer at home in Chattanooga working at a prosthetics and orthotics company . "  It is rewarding to actually make this stuff and work and then say , ` Now this guy 's going to actually wear that , ' " he said . Thomas has no plans to slow down . He says he would like to become a voice for the amputee community and help many more children live "  normal and happy , productive lives . " "  When you 're thrown into the situation , you just kind of adapt and you make the best of it , " Thomas said . "  There 's nothing that I really can not do . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Jordan Thomas Foundation and see how to help . CNN 's Allie Brown and Doug Gross contributed to this report .	Boating trip turned tragic for 16-year-old Jordan Thomas Double amputee discovered others struggling to pay for prosthetic limbs Jordan Thomas Foundation has raised $ 400k to help those struggling to pay Vote now for the CNN Hero of the Year at CNN.com / Heroes
Iraq and Turkey have agreed to allow flights between their countries , ending a mutual ban that began with a dispute about how an Iraqi government oil company owed millions of dollars to Turkey , Iraqi officials said Thursday . Turkish planes resumed flights to Iraq on Thursday and were landing at the Baghdad airport , Iraq 's Ministry of Transportation said . Iraqi airliners will begin landing in Istanbul on Friday , officials said . On Monday , Iraq banned all Turkish flights from landing in the country , including the semiautonomous Kurdish region , as a response to a similar ban last week in Turkey against Iraqi flights . However , a Turkish government official denied that Ankara blocked Iraqi planes . The official did say that Turkey warned that if Iraq 's State Oil Marketing Organization did not pay the $ 3 million owed to his country , the country would ban Iraqi aircraft . Both countries agreed to drop the bans after negotiations . After years of the U.S.-led war in Iraq , Turkey 's flagship carrier Turkish Airlines was one of the first international companies to begin direct flights to Baghdad . Increasingly , Turkey has grown as a major international gateway for commerce and travel to and from its Iraqi neighbor .	Iraq and Turkey agree to drop flight bans against each other Dispute began over a $ 3 million debt that Turkey says Iraq owes Turkish planes begin landing again in Baghdad on Thursday
Phuket , Thailand  CNN  -- Rihanna , like the boy who pointed out that the emperor has no clothes , spoke the truth during her recent visit to the Thai holiday island of Phuket . Or , this being the 21st century , tweeted it , which seems to get the word around even faster than a fairytale . More : Thai locals arrested over Rihanna Instagram photo Yes , there are seedy X rated "  ping pong " shows on Phuket , similar to those found on Bangkok 's Patpong Road . And yes , the locals will even abuse Thailand 's wildlife if there 's money to be made . At least the singer hit the right note about Patong , the island 's main tourist beach , and Soi Bangla , its tawdry walking street that so many Phuket tourists for some reason find irresistible . Over the years , we 've watched the Patong thoroughfare become more than just a place where you can have your souvenir holiday snap taken with a big-breasted ladyboy in a sparkly costume . Slowly but surely , the sea , sun and sand that Phuket has sought to promote has become sex , stinks and sleaze in Soi Bangla . There 's an unmissable sewer smell from time to time -- a tribute to the local council and its ability to find excuses for doing nothing to solve Patong 's problems . Tuk-tuks taking over all the parking spots ? Sorry , no answer there . Roads with potholes big enough to swallow a motorcycle ? Goodness , wish we could fix that . Soi Bangla 's in-your-face sex show touts Soi Bangla says so much more about Patong , and Rihanna expressed it well . She tweeted with great honesty : "  Either I was phuck wasted lastnight , or I saw a Thai woman pull a live bird ,2 turtles , razors , shoot darts and ping pong , all out of her pu $ $ y. " The touts for the sex shows are probably the worst thing about Soi Bangla . They are everywhere , sticking photos of body parts in the faces of tourists . Nobody who takes a walk down the tourist walking street can avoid them . The touts should n't be there . The sex shows also should n't be there . And the poor , sad , cute slow lorises ... Rihanna said it all about them , too , in an Instagram photograph where she held one and the poor animal looked like a ball of fur on a stick . In reaction to what threatened to be a deluge of bad international publicity surrounding Rihanna 's revelations , Phuket authorities arrested two loris touts Sunday night . They were later released on bail . Was the real issue solved ? Of course not . The shocking state of affairs raised in Rihanna 's tweet was not addressed . There were no sex show touts arrested . None of the tawdry Soi Bangla exhibitions closed . The wildlife abuses and the sex hows will go on , and on , and on . There 's too much corrupt money involved for them to be stopped . How shameful it is that it takes a visiting celebrity to highlight that the authorities in Patong remain blind to the sleaze and the wildlife abuse around them . If Phuket seriously wants to attract quality tourists , then Soi Bangla is the perfect place to start a cleanup campaign . Put Soi Bangla back on track , and some other celebrities just might visit Phuket ... and tweet about the sun , sand and sea . More : The trouble with Phuket and how it can be fixed The opinions of this commentary are solely those of Alan Morison , an award-winning journalist based in Phuket and founder of the regional news and information site , phuketwan.com . Read more about Alan Morison .	Rihanna 's visit to Thailand highlights shocking state of affairs in Phuket , says local publisher Alan Morison During recent visit to Thailand , Rihanna tweeted about a visit to a sex show Morison says touts for sex shows are probably the worst thing about Soi Bangla
Actress Skye McCole Bartusiak , who played Mel Gibson 's youngest daughter in "  The Patriot , " died Saturday at her home in Houston , her mother said Sunday . She was 21 . "  We lost our girl , " Helen McCole Bartusiak told CNN . While investigators have not determined a cause of death , Bartusiak had been suffering from epileptic seizures in recent days , according to her mother . "  She was a kind and really beautiful girl , " her mother said . Bartusiak 's most visible role was as the young daughter of Mel Gibson 's Revolutionary War "  Patriot " character in the 2000 movie . Her movie acting career began when she was just 6 in 1999 with a role in "  The Cider House Rules . " She played the daughter of Michael Douglas ' character in "  Do n't Say a Word " in 2001 . Her last film role was the lead in "  Sick Boy , " a low-budget thriller released in 2012 . Bartusiak had been preparing to produce and direct her first feature film in recent months , her mother said . Her boyfriend found Bartusiak sitting up in her bed in the garage apartment adjacent to her parents ' Houston home , her mother said . "  We think she had a seizure and choked and nobody was there . " Her mother said she started cardiopulmonary resuscitation on her daughter before paramedics arrived . "  They were working on her for 45 minutes and could not get a heartbeat , " she said . "  I 've done CPR on that kid more than one time and it just did n't work this time , " Bartusiak said . She 's suffered epileptic seizures since she was a baby , although they disappeared for a few years until returning last week , her mother said . 7 things to know about epilepsy Bartusiak 's mother spent Sunday morning looking through photos of her actress daughter for the funeral . The images include pictures with Presidents George W. and George H.W. Bush , Mel Gibson , Dennis Hopper and Michael Douglas , she said . "  The girl has lived such an amazing life , " she said . People we 've lost in 2014	Bartusiak , 21 , suffered from epileptic seizures in recent days , her mother says "  We think she had a seizure and choked and nobody was there , " her mother says Bartusiak played the young daughter of Mel Gibson 's "  Patriot " character Her movie acting career began when she was just 6
CNN  The story of his selfless act went viral , but for Raymond Burse it was simply second nature . "  I 'm not extraordinary , " said Burse . "  I 've assumed that people do those kinds of things all the time . " In summer 2014 , Burse , who is president of Kentucky State University , gave up $ 90,000 of his almost $ 350,000 salary so that 24 of the university 's lowest paid workers could earn $ 10.25 an hour . The move gave them a 40 % pay increase . "  I do n't mind giving up some of what I have been able to obtain through life in order to be a small help to them in their own lives , " Burse said . Burse 's help did n't end there . The 63 year-old later surprised KSU football player Deshon Floyd with the remaining $ 2,000 he needed to do an internship abroad . In December , Burse offered high school shooting victim Javaugntay Burroughs a full scholarship . "  With all the things they had to deal with , one of the things they should n't have to deal with is whether this young man was going to be able to go to college , " said Burse . Burse 's actions spurred a pay-it-forward movement around the university , with an increase in small acts of kindness and donations to the school . "  I was amazed at how many people got involved , " said Burse . "  It really mushroomed , so it has not stopped . We are still talking about paying it forward . " Did you have an inspirational coach ? Share your story It is not often you meet a person who is ingrained with a giving spirit . Burse said he has his mother and father to thank for grooming him to be both a giver and an achiever . "  My mother was very active in the community . We did n't have much , but she would always share a part of what we had , " Burse said . A country boy at heart , Burse grew up as the youngest of 13 children in Hopkinsville , Kentucky . "  There was n't a lot of money to go around , " said Burse . "  Going through that process I learned a lot about sacrificing , waiting your turn and being thankful for what you have . " Although his father attended school only through the third grade and his mother the seventh , Burse was a Rhodes Scholar , a graduate of Harvard Law School and a university president by age 30 . "  What they believed was if their children got an education , the education would serve them well for their entire lives , " said Burse . That education did indeed serve Burse well . After serving as Kentucky State University 's president for eight years in the '80s , he went on to have a highly successful career with General Electric as vice president and general counsel of GE Consumer & Industrial . After working at GE , Burse did n't have plans to come out of retirement . "  We would say that for every year you work at GE it is like working eight years somewhere else , just in terms of what GE required and demanded of you , " said Burse . Burse remembers going into his retirement "  happy , content and enjoying " himself . But when KSU President Mary Evans Sias announced her retirement in May 2014 , Burse immediately got a call about filling her seat . At first , he said he was n't interested . "  I did that for three to four weeks and finally I went to lunch with a couple of my friends , a couple of them Kentucky State graduates , " said Burse . "  They played the guilt card on me . " Burse discussed it with his wife for a few weeks , and then decided he could come back for at least a year to help the university stabilize . Burse came in expecting to be at KSU for a year , but he 's now signed on to be there another three-plus years . "  I think we are all placed on this Earth to do something , to do something good , " Burse said . "  I consider Raymond Burse to be an ordinary individual who works hard , who believes in people and in the power of people . If you give and work with people , good things will happen , " he said . Discover more Extraordinary People	Raymond Burse volunteers to take a $ 90K pay cut to give livable wage to 24 workers Move by Burse , president of Kentucky State University , gave them a 40 % raise Burse also has given a shooting victim a scholarship , a football player $ 2,000 to study abroad
Seattle , Washington  CNN  -- They come from all walks of life . One teenage girl cuts her thighs after piano lessons to avoid the crushing pressure for perfection . She sees a therapist twice a week , but she never gets better . Another young woman makes dangerous cuts to her arms and wrists when she is anxious . She is on her fourth foster placement because no one can handle her behavior . Another burns her fingers with a cigarette lighter when she hears her parents fight . She 's been hospitalized twice in the past year . Stories such as these are heard daily by those of us who study and treat self-injury -- that is , any activity resulting in intentional bodily damage to oneself . It is a syndrome found across cultures and socioeconomic classes  although it tends to be a bit more common among the more well-off  , and it appears to be on the rise . Though cutting the skin with sharp objects is the most common method used , especially by girls , other means of self-injury including head banging , overdosing , burning , hanging , drowning and shooting . Given its potential for death and serious injury , this phenomenon has received increasing media attention , with a number of movies , such as "  Secretary " in 2002 , portraying the phenomenon . From my perspective , this is an urgent public health issue , yet funding for research and treatment lags well behind funding for other behavioral disorders , such as autism . Self-injury is troubling for several reasons . First of all , almost 400,000 adolescents and young adults were treated medically for self-inflicted injuries in 2006 , the most recent year for which these injuries were counted . One recent study revealed that the number of children and adolescents in the U.S. who were hospitalized for depression , which is sometimes accompanied by self-injury among youth , increased by 27 percent between 1997 and 2007 . Second , self-injury is associated with crippling psychiatric distress . Girls who engage in such behaviors score lower than their peers on almost all measures of positive psychological adjustment , such as sociability , and higher than their peers on almost all measures of negative psychological adjustment , such as depression and delinquency . Third , adolescent self-injury is linked to adult borderline personality disorder -- a chronic and difficult to treat mental health condition characterized by impulsive behaviors , difficulties self-regulating emotions , mood instability and high rates of suicide . Finally , self-injury is the single best predictor of suicide . Intentional self-injurers are about 75 times more likely to kill themselves than others in the population , an especially alarming statistic . Scientists are not sure why rates of self-injury appear to be on the rise , or how to stop the trend . When teens who self-injure are asked why they do it , most say the behaviors help them regulate overwhelming negative emotions , including anger , sadness and rejection . This emotion-regulating function may occur because injuries trigger the release of endogenous opioids , chemicals produced by the body that relieve pain . Over repeated episodes of self-harm , the endogenous opioid system may become more efficient at reducing physical and psychological pain . Recent studies conducted at high schools and universities reveal that almost 20 percent of individuals self-injure at least once , and about 11 percent self-injure repeatedly . Given how common the behavior is -- and the alarmingly high risk of eventual suicide -- one might expect self-injury to be a major public health priority . One might also expect considerable investment into basic science aimed at understanding the brain mechanisms involved and treatment-outcome research aimed at developing effective interventions . Unfortunately , this has not been the case . Little is known about the brain mechanisms of self-injury , particularly in adolescence , and traditional approaches to treatment usually involve inpatient hospitalization , which is more cost-effective than individual care . However , when treated in groups , as is often the case in hospitalization , self-injuring girls often become worse , not better , an effect known as contagion .  Note that this can also occur through access to Web sites and Web postings in which self-injurers share strategies . Nevertheless , there has been some progress toward understanding and treating adolescent self-injury . On the basic research side , Christina Derbidge , a graduate student in my lab , is conducting a study in which the brains of adolescent girls who engage in self-injury are imaged as they cope with negative emotions . On the treatment side , Dr. Marsha Linehan 's Dialectical Behavior Therapy at the University of Washington is signs of hope . The therapy is a variant of cognitive therapy and an effective treatment for adults with borderline personality disorder . It has been adapted to adolescent patients with encouraging results . Despite these positive developments , a much greater investment is needed . For fiscal year 2010 , the National Institutes of Health -- far and away the primary source of funding for health research in the world -- projects spending $ 41 million on suicide and suicide prevention  NIH does not report specific funding figures for self-injury  . In contrast , NIH expenditures for autism are expected to be $ 141 million in 2010 . Corrected for the higher prevalence rate of suicide , this translates into a six-fold greater investment per person with autism . Indeed , across the past five years , NIH has spent more than $ 700 million on autism research , with impressive results in terms of treatment effectiveness and our understanding of the genetic and neural underpinnings of the disorder . Given the urgency of preventing suicide among our youth , a similar investment is needed in self-injury research .	Theodore Beauchaine says he sees rise in youth self-injury , such as cutting , burning Syndrome crosses culture , class ; it 's linked to suicide , yet research funding lags , he says Kids say they self-injure to help deal with negative emotions , he says , but studies are sparse Beauchaine : U.S. must boost funding for study of self-injury
CNN  -- A 6.4-magnitude earthquake rocked southern Taiwan on Thursday morning , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . There were no immediate reports of deaths or serious injuries . Taiwan 's interior ministry reported 11 minor injuries . The quake struck at about 8:20 a.m.  7:20 p.m. Wednesday ET  in a mountainous region about 25 miles northwest of Taitung , on the southeast coast , and 40 miles east of Tainan and Kaohsiung on the southwest coast . Were you there ? Did you feel it ? The region , which includes Taiwan 's Maolin National Scenic Area , is recovering from a direct hit by Typhoon Morakot that killed hundreds in August . The typhoon dumped more than two feet of rain , causing serious mudslides in the south , including one that buried the village of Shiao Lin under 50 feet of mud . Shuo Hong , an orthopedic surgeon in Taipei , about 155 miles away from the epicenter , felt the earthquake during a meeting at a hospital . "  We were debating whether or not to run for shelter , " he said , "  but the hospital is safe . It is built to resist a 7.0-magnitude earthquake . "  It was shaking for about 20-30 seconds , shaking more than what we expected , " Hong said . Thursday 's quake was followed by more than a dozen aftershocks , the largest reaching 4.8 . The initial 6.4 quake rumbled to the surface from 14 miles deep . The Taiwan Ministry of Interior and the National Fire Agency said electricity was cut off in parts of Kaohsiung county , Jia Yi city and Jia Yi county . Taiwan 's official news agency reported that a fire broke out in Jia Yi city . Of the minor injuries reported , the interior ministry said that nine were in Kaohsiung county and two were in Jia Yi county . Residents in southern Taiwan reported cracks in some buildings and major bridges . Train service was also disrupted in some areas , Taiwanese media reported . Two small hotels near the epicenter that were contacted by CNN reported no damage , though the buildings shook for a few seconds during the quake . Albert Yu , communications manager of the humanitarian organization World Vision , told CNN he was about halfway through a 90-minute trip via high-speed train from Taipei to Tainan when the quake struck . Passengers did not feel the quake , he said , but operators stopped the train and announced what had happened . More than an hour later , the train had not resumed service . "  The operator is examining the train and the tracks , " he said , adding that there was concern about the stability of the area , particularly after the typhoon . "  Inside the train , people are calm and are waiting it out -- opening laptops , starting to work and chatting with people around them . " Yu said World Vision "  has already been on high alert responding to the quakes in Haiti and Chile , so we 're closely monitoring reports in the earthquake in southern Taiwan . " Residents in the capital Taipei , 155 miles to the north , also felt the shaking . Earthquakes are not uncommon in the 13,892-square-mile island -- about the size of the U.S. states of Maryland and Delaware combined -- which sits across the juncture of the Eurasian and Philippine tectonic plates . A 6.4-magnitude earthquake struck the same general region in December . The island took a double hit on December 26 , 2006 , when earthquakes of 7.1 and 6.9 magnitude hit eight minutes apart . The largest recorded quake to strike Taiwan was an 8.0-magnitude quake in 1920 , but the worst earthquake disaster stemmed from a 7.1-magnitude quake in 1935 that killed more than 3,200 people -- followed by a 6.5-magnitude quake that killed more than 2,700 people three months later . More recently , a 7.6 magnitude-earthquake killed more than 2,400 people in 1999 . CNN 's Christine Theodorou and Journalist Andrew Lee contributed to this report	6.4 quake rocks southern Taiwan at about 0120 GMT Aftershocks follow ; no immediate reports of deaths Quake hits northwest of Taitung , on the southeast coast Residents in southern Taiwan report blackouts ; train services disrupted
AOL Autos  -- Chrysler and General Motors announced this week that they would shrink their dealer base in the U.S. Chrysler will close 789 dealers . General Motors announced the closing of 1,100 dealers . Chrysler will close 789 dealers , leaving them with approximately 2400 stores in the U.S. General Motors announced the closing of 1,100 dealers and hopes to be at a size of 3,600 dealers at the end of 2010 . While Chrysler dealers will be "  forced out " by June 9 , GM is positioning for a smoother closing of its stores , with each shutting down when it runs out of inventory . Unlike Chrysler 's announcement , GM 's list of closing dealers will not be made public , leaving that decision to each dealer . What happens to my GM or Chrysler vehicle warranty ? Your warranty is valid through its term , regardless of where you bought your vehicle . In March , President Obama announced that the U.S. government would provide the backing for Chrysler and GM vehicle warranties under the "  Warrantee Commitment Program . " Can I take my vehicle for service and warranty work to another  surviving  dealer ? Yes , but make sure it 's a certified dealer . If you 're going to take your Chrysler , Jeep or Dodge vehicle in for warranty work , you can do so at a closing dealership until June 9 . After that time , Chrysler will no longer pay those dealers for warranty work . GM vehicles will receive service and warranty work at closing dealers until they shut down . Will there be good deals on these vehicles ? The Chrysler dealerships to close will have about 44,000 units on hand , or roughly what Chrysler , Jeep and Dodge sell across the country every 2-3 weeks  using April 's sales numbers as a guide  . There will be deals , but be warned that if those 44,000 are n't sold before June 9 , Chrysler will work to redistribute them to other dealers . Whether the best deals will be had before or after June 9 is likely negligible ; if you 're interested in a Chrysler , Jeep or Dodge product , you will save a lot of money on a new purchase right now . One important factor to keep in mind is that approximately 10 % of those remaining units are 2008 vehicles . Be careful the car you 're looking at has n't been sitting on the lot inactive for too long ; cars actually do "  rot . " GM 's dealer announcement is a different story , since the company is n't releasing the names of the closing dealers . Dealers who chose to disclose their shutdown may provide better deals . AOL Autos : Why do cars rot on the lot ? How many people and jobs are affected by closing dealers ? The impact on communities will be significant . Since dealers typically employ about 50 people and contract with a handful of suppliers  consider the business that sells paper or office furniture to each dealer  , there will be impact within the community . Some economists , however , believe that the impact will be less than expected , since dealers typically have a high turnover rate and technician jobs were in a short supply already . But , the related aspects of dealer closings are certain : think of the little league baseball teams and charities that receive funding from do-gooding dealers . Even real estate is affected ; car dealerships usually set the market for commercial real estate in smaller communities . When those go empty , the entire city feels the pain . AOL Autos : Pressure to buy American Why were these dealers chosen ? Both Chrysler and GM have expressed interest to shrink their dealer base . Company officials cite various data points related to choosing these dealers , but the main one is performance . GM said that the average dealer of the 1,100 affected only sold 35 cars in all of 2008 . Chrysler cites similar numbers , with half their closing dealerships selling less than 100 . But , even after these reductions by Chrysler and GM , they still have more dealers than other manufacturers . Using April 2009 's sales data as a proxy , Toyota has approximately 95 dealers per 1 point of market share in the U.S. , while Chrysler has 256 and GM will have 172  at the end of 2010  . This means that , effectively , Toyota is able to sell more vehicles per dealership . AOL Autos : Fate of the GM brands Can dealers do anything about this ? Typically , dealers would have protection under state franchise laws against such events . However , in Chrysler 's case , those franchise laws are not applicable since the company declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy . Chrysler dealers can  and likely will  protest the process by which they were chosen  sales volume , number of brands in the store , the area in which the dealership operated  . But after June 9 , the selected Chrysler , Jeep and Dodge dealers will have to take down their signs . GM dealers will likely organize their own group , but details of that are unclear at this time . AOL Autos : Are extended warranties worth it ? Even after cuts , do the big three still have too many U.S. dealers ? Some companies need fewer dealers to sell the same amount of cars : Chrysler LLC Number of dealers : 2411 Market share : 9.4 Dealers per 1 pt . market share : 256 Ford Motor Co. . Number of dealers : 3723 Market share : 15.7 Dealers per 1 pt . market share : 237 General Motors Number of dealers : 3600 Market share : 20.9 Dealers per 1 pt . market share : 172 AOL Autos : Six cars to save the big three Honda Motor Co. . Number of dealers : 1304 Market share : 12.4 Dealers per 1 pt . market share : 105 Toyota Motor Corp. . Number of dealers : 1470 Market share : 15.4 Dealers per 1 pt . market share : 95 Market data shown reflective of April 2009 , courtesy of Autodata . Chrysler dealer total is effective June 9 ; GM dealer total is estimate for end of 2010 .	Chrysler and General Motors announce they will shrink dealer base in U.S. Chrysler dealers will be "  forced out " by June 9 Your warranty is valid through its term , no matter where you bought your car You will save a lot of money on a new vehicle purchase right now
CNN  -- AC Milan edged closer to a first Italian league title since 2004 after Saturday 's 1-0 win at lowly Brescia , whose fellow strugglers Bari dropped into Serie B. Massimiliano Allegri 's Milan , seeking to end years of dominance by Inter and claim an 18th scudetto , moved eight points clear of their city rivals with just four games to play thanks to a late goal from Brazil forward Robinho . Robinho netted on the counter-attack with eight minutes left after being set up by fellow frontman Antonio Cassano , leaving Brescia second from bottom and likely to follow Bari -- whose fate was sealed by a 1-0 defeat at home to Sampdoria . Brescia had hit the crossbar through Alessandro Diamanti 's free-kick just before that goal , but an 18th defeat in 34 games left the club five points from safety and facing an immediate return to the second division . Cassano , starting with Zlatan Ibrahimovic suspended , had wasted three opportunities to put Milan ahead . Inter Milan moved up to second place with a 2-1 win over fourth-placed Lazio , bouncing back from last weekend 's defeat at Parma which effectively ended the Nerazzurri 's five-year title reign . Last season 's success under Jose Mourinho was the club 's 18th overall . Inter coach Leonardo saw Brazil goalkeeper Julio Cesar sent off for bringing down Mauro Zarate in the 22nd minute , and the Argentine striker put the visiting Rome side ahead from the resulting penalty . However , Dutch playmaker Wesley Sneijder curled in a trademark free-kick five minutes before halftime and top scorer Samuel Eto'o put Inter ahead eight minutes after the break after a mistake by defender Giuseppe Biava . Lazio also lost a player in the 66th minute when captain Stefano Mauri was sent off for a foul on Inter 's Japan fullback Yuto Nagatomo . Napoli crashed 2-1 at eighth-placed Palermo despite taking the lead in the second minute with a penalty by striker Edinson Cavani . The Uruguayan missed a late spot-kick in last weekend 's home defeat by Udinese , but was on target this time for his 26th league goal this season to be Serie A 's leading scorer alongside Antonio Di Natale . Palermo , boosted by the 2-2 draw with Milan in the midweek first leg of their Coppa Italia semifinal , leveled in the 38th minute as Mattia Cassani made up for his early handball . Cesare Bovo then fired the winner with a penalty right on halftime after Giulio Migliaccio went down under the challenge of Christian Maggio . Udinese could have moved into fourth above Lazio , but lost 2-0 at home to Parma in a blow to the club 's European hopes . On-loan Brazilian striker Amauri scored in the 13th and final minutes to lift his side three points above the relegation zone . Roma retained sixth place with a 1-0 win over Chievo as midfielder Simone Perrotta scored the only goal in the fourth minute . Seventh-placed Juventus were held 2-2 by Catania in the day 's late match after blowing a two-goal lead . Veteran striker Alessandro del Piero netted twice in the first half , the opener from the penalty spot , but the Sicilians leveled with goals in the last 10 minutes by Argentine Alejandro Gomez and fellow midfielder Francesco Lodi . The result lifted Catania two points clear of the relegation zone . Sampdoria moved out of the bottom three on goal difference above Lecce thanks to a 59th-minute winner from striker Nicola Pozzi at Bari . Lecce lost 4-2 at Genoa despite a first-half double from striker David Di Michele , as on-loan striker Antonio Floro Flores and Argentina international Rodrigo Palacio both scored twice for the 10th-placed home side . Fiorentina moved up to ninth with a 2-1 win at Cagliari thanks to two goals from midfielder Alessio Cerci , while Cesena moved two points clear of the bottom three with a 2-0 win at Bologna .	Robinho 's late winner puts AC Milan eight points clear with four games to play Five-time defending champions Inter move up to second place with 2-1 win over Lazio Napoli 's title hopes suffer another blow with second successive defeat Bari drop down to Serie A following 1-0 defeat by fellow strugglers Sampdoria
Toronto 's mayor says he will not resign despite a claim Thursday by the police chief that investigators recovered a video of the mayor that purportedly shows him smoking a crack pipe . The video was recovered from deleted files on a computer hard drive that was seized during a drug and gang investigation , according to a 465-page police report . Earlier this year , allegations surfaced in two media outlets that Rob Ford was recorded on video last winter using crack cocaine . Police Chief William Blair told reporters Thursday that a video was discovered in connection with the investigation but did not describe its contents . The video "  depicts images with what has previously been reported , " Blair said . Mayor denies smoking crack , questions scandalous video 's veracity In May , the website Gawker and the Toronto Star newspaper published stories saying their reporters had seen 90 seconds of a cell-phone video showing the 44-year-old Ford , as the Star described it , "  inhaling from what appears to be a glass crack pipe . " Later in the video -- as described by the Star -- an "  incoherent " man both the Star and Gawker claimed to be Ford ranted about a number of subjects . The video , which has never been released publicly , shows a "  clearly impaired mayor , " two reporters who say they saw the video wrote in the Star . Ford , who has repeatedly denied using crack cocaine , said he has no reason to resign . "  I wish I could come out and defend myself . Unfortunately , I ca n't because it 's before the courts and that 's all I can say right now , " Ford told CNN partner CBC News . Ford has not been charged with anything . Toronto police had already been investigating drug and gang activity when reports first surfaced of an alleged video featuring the mayor smoking crack . In a police report ordered released to the public Thursday , Ford 's name and image repeatedly popped up . The report detailed an investigation into drug , gang and criminal activity in Toronto . The lengthy police report , which includes hundreds of redacted pages , revealed that police sources believe the photo of Ford that first surfaced in May , along with the salacious report , is taken in front of a "  trap " house used to "  chop " crack . Police documents also detail evidence used to obtain a search warrant for a man suspected of drug trafficking , Alexander  Sandro  Lisi , who police also say is the mayor 's friend as well as his driver . Lisi 's attorney , Seth P. Weinstein , did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . Photos collected by police show Ford and Lisi together on a number of occasions , including attending a Toronto Maple Leafs hockey game , according to the documents . Lisi was arrested Thursday and charged with extortion , according to a police statement . Lisi is accused of using extortion to retrieve a recording , it said . Details about the recording were not publicly released . But Blair , the police chief , said a digital video in police custody will be shown in court in an effort to support the charge against Lisi . Lisi appeared in court Friday for a bail hearing and was released , Weinstein said . Addicts shoot up in safe haven in Canada	Toronto police have a video of Mayor Rob Ford apparently using drugs The mayor , who has denied the allegation , says he has no reason to resign Police say they recovered a video of Ford that had been reported on in the media Two news agencies reported that they saw a video showing Ford doing drugs
CNN  -- Manchester United and their city rivals Manchester City both made embarrassing exits from the European Champions League on Wednesday . United were beaten 2-1 in Basel to leave the Swiss side and Benfica as the qualifiers from Group C , while City beat Bayern Munich 2-0 at the Etihad Stadium but went out as Napoli won 2-0 at Villarreal . It left Bayern and the Italians to go through from Group A to complete a chastening first experience of Europe 's top club competition for Robert Mancini 's expensively assembled side . But it was the exit of last year 's runners-up United which was the biggest upset , needing only a draw to ensure their passage to the last 16 , goals from Marco Streller and Alexander Frei sent them crashing . Real Madrid to topple Barca in ` El Clasico ' clash ? Phil Jones pulled one back in the 89th minute to set up a frantic finale but they could not force the equalizer . Streller 's goal after nine minutes came as a result of defensive uncertainty with goalkeeper David De Gea parrying out a cross which fell invitingly for the scorer . Wayne Rooney wasted United best chance to level and Markus Steinhofer belted the ball against his own crossbar in the second half before Frei nipped in to head home the crucial second goal in the 84th minute . It was the first time Alex Ferguson 's men had failed to reach the knockout stages of the Champions League for six years and only the third time in 16 years . "  Of course we 're disappointed , there 's no other way you can feel , " Ferguson told Sky Sports . "  It 's part of football . You have to deal with the disappointment , and this club has used it as motivation many times . "  These young players will feel disappointed tonight but they 'll have to cope with it and go on with their careers . " Oscar Cardozo scored the crucial goal after seven minutes for Benfica in their 1-0 win over Otelul Galati which left them top of the group . English Premier League leaders Manchester City eased to victory against their understrength Bavarian visitors as David Silva and Yaya Toure struck either side of halftime . But it all proved academic as Napoli left Villarreal pointless after goals from Gokhan Inler and Marek Hamsik inflicted a sixth straight group defeat on the Spaniards . It was the first time Napoli have qualified for the knockout stages of the Champions League .	Manchester City and Manchester United exit European Champions League Manchester United lose 2-1 in Basel to seal their fate in Group C Manchester City beat Bayern Munich 2-0 but Napoli 's win eliminates them Chelsea and Arsenal only two qualifiers for last 16 from English Premier League
Miami  CNN  -- NASA 's Inspector General 's Office says an investigation is under way after a white powdery substance found at the Kennedy Space Center tested positive for cocaine . "  Law enforcement personnel field tested the substance , which indicated a positive test for cocaine , " said Renee Juhans , an executive officer with the office . "  The substance is now at an accredited crime lab for further testing , " she said . Juhans said that 4.2 grams of a white powdery substance was found in a NASA facility March 7 . She could not confirm where , at the Kennedy Space Center , the drug was found . "  A NASA Office of Inspector General investigation is ongoing , " she said . NASA has a zero-tolerance drug policy . All employees may be randomly tested . It is not known whether any employees have been asked to submit to drug testing in this investigation . "  We have no further comment , " Juhans said . In January 2010 , about 200 Kennedy Space Center workers were tested when a small bag of cocaine was found inside a space shuttle processing facility where Discovery was being readied for flight . That case was closed , and there were no arrests .	NASA is investigating after 4.2 grams of powdery substance is found It was discovered March 7 , but officials ca n't confirm where NASA has a zero-tolerance drug policy
Oxford , England  CNN  -- Was last year 's financial crisis a chance event ? Or was it the product of 35 million years of evolution ? Laurie Santos ' research suggests that some of the bad choices made on Wall Street and in the mortgage business may have been deeply rooted in the basic nature of the human species . Santos , a professor at Yale University , has been investigating the workings of a dangerous inconsistency in people 's attitudes to risk . She spoke about it Wednesday at the TED Global conference in Oxford , a four-day event ending Friday where experts passionate about their work got the chance to give contrasting views of the future we all face . Which would you do : Accept a guaranteed gift of $ 500 or gamble by taking a risk on a coin toss that would give you $ 1,000 for heads -- and nothing for tails ? Most people would play it safe and take the sure $ 500 , Santos said . What if , instead of a gain , you faced a potential loss ? Your choice would be to give up $ 500 for sure or take a risk on a coin toss that could cost you $ 1,000 if you lost -- or nothing if you won ? Most people opt for taking the risk rather than playing it safe . Using tokens as a form of money and grapes as prized products to be exchanged for the tokens , Santos has shown that capuchin monkeys make the same set of irrational choices -- taking more risk when they have something to lose than when they have something to gain . "  The errors we make are predictable , we make them again and again , " said Santos , explaining that she wants to learn "  how a species as smart as we are " can make such persistent mistakes . We can overcome our biological limitations , she said , but first we have to recognize what they are . Adding to the pressure on the human species is the future we 're staring down . Tim Jackson , professor of sustainable development at the University of Surrey , imagined the world in 2050 . To keep greenhouse gases from reaching an unsustainably damaging level , the needed improvements in energy efficiency would have to occur at a pace 10 times faster than at any time in history . And , Jackson said Thursday , the only times the world has made substantial improvements in reducing carbon emissions have been during recessions . He views the world economy as built on an engine of growth that feeds the appetite of people in Western countries for novelty , for ever more consumer goods that impress others but that can only be purchased by creating more debt . Even if we do n't want the products , we have to buy them -- or the economy crashes . In what has probably been the most cited quote of the conference on Twitter , Jackson said , "  We spend money we do n't have on things we do n't need to create impressions that wo n't last on people we do n't care about . " Does that mean our choice boils down to this : Crash the economic system or trash the planet ? Not exactly , according to Jackson . The answer , he said , lies in creating socially responsible businesses and nonprofits that plow money back into "  protecting and nurturing " the environment on which our future depends . As an example , he cited ecosia.org , a search engine that says it allocates 80 percent of its search-related revenues to a rainforest protection project in the Amazon . Santos and Jackson were by no means the only speakers at TED Global to suggest people make dumb choices but can overcome them by taking the right measures . TED is a nonprofit that distributes "  Ideas Worth Spreading " through its conferences and through more than 700 talks freely available at its web site . -LSB- CNN partners with TED to present one talk every Tuesday , along with added content . -RSB- Among the topics and speakers were : Making the web really worldwide Ethan Zuckerman , of the Berkman Center for Internet & Society at Harvard University , showed that while the framework and theory of the internet is global , in reality , web traffic tends to stay within a user 's country and social networks are generally segregated . We think we 're getting a wide view of the world by going online , but "  most of the time we 're checking Boston Red Sox scores , " he said . Since the most compelling problems in the world are global , it will take global solutions to fix them . Zuckerman urges people to become xenophiles , people who take an active interest in other lands . Watch Zuckerman 's talk at TED.com A headset that reads your brain Tan Le , the head of Emotiv Systems , demonstrated a headset that uses brain activity and facial expressions to control computers and other devices . A volunteer was able to manipulate the image of a cube on a computer screen using the headset , and Le showed how facial expressions , such as a blink or a smile , could control the movement of a wheelchair . Packaging material that biodegrades Eben Bayer demonstrated an organic replacement for Styrofoam , which winds up taking huge amounts of space in landfills and contributes to the stream of waste in the Pacific and other bodies of water . Bayer showed how fungi can be used to transform crop waste into recyclable packaging that blends back into the soil when it is discarded . Aiming for a zero-waste supermarket Chef Arthur Potts Dawson , who developed green restaurants in London , has now opened "  The People 's Supermarket , " which aims to produce virtually no food waste . He said food is one of the most wasteful industries in the world but that practices including composting and allowing diners to choose how big a portion they want can dramatically reduce waste . "  If we do n't stand up and make a difference and think about sustainable food , we will fail , " he said . Are whales and dolphins wise ? Marine wildlife researcher Toni Frohoff , who studies dolphins and whales , says the question should n't only be are these mammals intelligent ; she asks whether we should say they are wise . They exhibit strong social behavior and reach out to humans , even though they 're often hunted and sometimes driven close to extermination . She showed videos of a pair of free-ranging dolphins in the Bahamas rubbing pectoral fins to show affection , of a beluga whale in eastern Canada watching its reflection in a large camera lens , of an orca mimicking a person 's whistling sound , of a gray whale in the eastern Pacific that allowed people in a small boat to rub her newborn calf even though the mother bore a harpoon scar . She also told the story of a pod of dolphins encircling a swimmer who was having difficulty in the water until human rescuers could come to her aid . Online video is revolutionizing the world 's talent TED curator Chris Anderson sketched the potential for online video to do for communication what the Gutenberg printing press did for writing . Online video can drive "  crowd-accelerated innovation " that elevates the work of emerging dancers , artists , teachers and thinkers , who can see what their peers are doing everywhere . The rise of online video allows "  the world 's talent to be shared , " Anderson said . "  Who 's the teacher ? You 're the teacher ... capable of carrying all of us to a smarter , wiser place . "	TED Global speakers focus on ways to overcome faults in human nature , human systems Laurie Santos : Humans make same mistakes on risk that monkeys do Tim Jackson : We spend money we do n't have on things we do n't need Ethan Zuckerman : Make the web really worldwide
EW  -- Russell Crowe 's grungy beard -- presumably as well as other elements of Noah -- drew in $ 44 million this weekend , perching it atop a Mount Ararat of box office receipts with a moderately impressive sum by any measurement  including cubits  . Darren Aronofsky 's Biblical bonanza took the No. 1 spot , knocking all the films from last week 's Top 5 down one slot . The theologically loose adaptation fared better than the last time Crowe went gallivanting around in a tunic , in 2010 ′ s Robin Hood .  That period epic only made $ 36 million in its first weekend .  However , there was n't exactly a rainbow at the end of the storm , considering audiences gave Noah a "  C " CinemaScore rating . The Divergent Games : City of Bones -- er , Divergent -- could n't quite muster enough YA fandom or non-reader interest to push its to-date take over the $ 100 million mark . The fantasy drama sits comfortably in a distant second with $ 26.5 million for the weekend , making for a grand total of $ 95.3 million . With a reported budget of $ 85 million , this certainly is n't a dystopian scenario for the proposed trilogy , but it is less than half of what both films in The Hunger Games series had made by the end of their second weekends . In third place , Muppets Most Wanted slipped only 33 percent from its opening weekend to $ 11.4 million , bringing its total up to $ 33.2 million . The film -- a sequel to the 2011 reboot of the beloved Jim Henson characters -- is n't performing quite as strongly as its predecessor , but as Kermit knows , it ai n't easy making green . The other family-friendly film on offer , DreamWorks Animation 's Mr. Peabody and Sherman , followed up in fourth with $ 9.5 million . Putting Judeo-Christian-based films both on the top and bottom of this weekend 's Top 5 , the pro-deity tract God 's Not Dead found an additional $ 9.1 million in the collection plate this Sunday , bringing it to more than $ 22 million all together . Ah-nold 's drug bust thriller Sabotage , on the other hand , seems to have been forsaken , belly-flopping into seventh place with only $ 5.3 million -- pretty dismal for a movie with so much supposed star power . Here 's the Top 5 : 1  Noah -- $ 44 million 2  Divergent - $ 26.5 million 3  Muppets Most Wanted -- $ 11.4 million 4  Mr. Peabody and Sherman - $ 9.5 million 5  God 's Not Dead -- $ 9.1 million See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Noah " saw moderate success with its opening "  Divergent " came in second "  God 's Not Dead " has brought in more than $ 22 million
CNN  A sixth suspect in the shooting death of a top Russian opposition figure blew himself up after a standoff with police in the capital of the Chechen Republic , state-run television reported Sunday . Beslan Shavanov , 30 , was holed up in a building in Grozny when police arrived to arrest him Saturday afternoon , Russia 24 reported . Police surrounded the building and Shavano tried to escape , throwing a grenade at police officers before blowing himself up , the station said . The news came as Russian authorities reported making five other arrests in connection with Boris Nemtsov 's killing . One of those arrested claims to have an alibi , according to Russia 's Sputnik News . "  At the time of the murder , I was at work as I usually am every day . There are many people , my colleagues , who will confirm this , " the news agency quoted Tamerlan Eskerkhanov as saying in Moscow 's Basmanny District Court . Two of the suspects have been formally charged and three "  remain under the status of suspects , " court spokeswoman Anna Fadeyeva told Sputnik . Nemtsov , one of President Vladimir Putin 's most outspoken critics , was shot in the back on a Moscow bridge as he walked with his girlfriend near the Kremlin in late February . Surveillance video showed someone darting from the sidewalk and into a nearby car right after Nemtsov collapsed . Putin has been informed of the arrests in connection with Nemtsov 's death , Russian media said , citing Federal Security Service director Alexander Bortnikov . Two of the other suspects are Anzor Gubashev and Zaur Dadayev , Bortnikov said in a televised statement . The others are Ramzan Bakhayev and Shagit Gubashev , Anzor 's younger brother , according to a Sputnik report that also said Dadayev was the only one of the five to plead guilty -- though to what crimes was not clear . Bortnikov said those detained are from the southern region of the North Caucasus , which for years has been a hotbed of unrest and rebellion against Moscow . Dadayev had previously served as an officer in a Chechen police battalion , Albert Barakhayev , secretary of the Security Council of the Caucasian republic of Ingushetia , told the official news agency TASS . Dadayev was the deputy commander of one of the Chechen Republic 's Ministry of Internal Affairs groups , Sputnik reported , adding that Gubashev worked at a security firm in Moscow . Gubashev was arrested between the town of Malgobek and the village of Voznesenovskaya , while Dadayev was arrested in the city of Magas , Barakhayev told TASS . The slain opposition leader 's daughter , Zhanna Nemtsova , told CNN she is "  not surprised both of them  are  of Caucasus origin . It was predictable . " Nemtsova said the only things she knew about the arrests came from media reports , as authorities did not contact her immediately . Later Saturday , a southern Russian law enforcement official told state news agency RIA Novosti that two more men were arrested . The two suspects in the second arrest were not named , but one of them was driving with Dadayev , and the other man is Gubashev 's younger brother , Barakhayev said . Like Gubashev and Dadayev , those two suspects are also ethnic Chechens , according to Barakhayev . After Nemtsov 's shooting Putin blamed extremists and protesters who he said were trying to stir internal strife in Russia . Many opposition sympathizers and people close to Nemtsov have pointed the finger at Putin and the Russian government he leads . They note that Nemtsov -- the deputy prime minister under former President Boris Yeltsin -- is the latest in a list of Putin 's opponents who have been killed or imprisoned . Nemtsov had also been arrested several times for speaking against the government . In her first TV interview since her father 's death , Nemtsova told CNN that Putin shares "  political responsibility " for her father 's assassination . She spoke from Germany . "  I do n't believe in the official investigation , " she said Saturday . Other opposition figures previously jailed or killed include Anna Politkovskaya , a journalist critical of Russia 's war in Chechnya . She was gunned down at the entrance to her Moscow apartment in 2006 . There was also business magnate Mikhail Khodorkovsky , who backed an opposition party and accused Putin of corruption . Khodorkovsky landed in jail after a conviction on tax fraud , which he said was a ploy to take away his oil company . The government rejected the claim . Putin pardoned him in 2013 . Former Russian security agent Alexander Litvinenko was poisoned by a lethal dose of radioactive polonium , his tea spiked in a London hotel during a meeting with two former Russian security service men in 2006 . He had blamed the agency for orchestrating a series of apartment bombings in Russia in 1999 that left hundreds dead and led to Russia 's invasion of Chechnya later that year . The Kremlin has staunchly denied accusations that it or its agents are targeting political opponents or had anything to do with the deaths . CNN 's Catherine Shoichet , Ben Brumfield , Elena Sandyrev , Brian Walker , Greg Botelho , Joshua Berlinger and Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	With police surrounding hiding place , sixth suspect kills himself , Russian media say One of the men arrested reportedly served as an officer in a Chechen police battalion Four of the five suspects are ethnic Chechens , law enforcement official tells media
CNN  -- The world of professional cycling suffered another blow Friday , as Dutch bank Rabobank announced it is to end its sponsorship of pro cycling teams in the wake of the Lance Armstrong doping scandal . Rabobank will pull its backing for both men 's and women 's professional cycling teams on December 31 , it said in a statement . The company will continue to sponsor amateur cycling , including the youth training and the cyclocross team , it said . The activity is hugely popular in the Netherlands , where millions of people cycle routinely . The bank made clear its decision was a direct response to the controversy that has engulfed Armstrong since the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency last week detailed what it called "  overwhelming " evidence of his involvement as a professional cyclist in "  the most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program . " Doping scandal costs Armstrong sponsors , charity "  Rabobank has come to this decision following publication of the report from the American doping authority USADA last week , " its statement said . "  This report speaks volumes . " Rabobank -- a century-old business which began its involvement in professional cycling 17 years ago "  full of conviction and with a clear mission " -- had previously seen cycling as a good fit with the company , its clients and its employees , it said . But all that has changed since the USADA report alleging doping by Armstrong and the U.S. Postal Service team . "  It is with pain in our heart , but for the bank this is an inevitable decision , " Bert Bruggink , of Rabobank 's managing board , is quoted as saying . Opinion : With Armstrong 's disgrace , will anything change ? "  We are no longer convinced that the international professional world of cycling can make this a clean and fair sport . We are not confident that this will change for the better in the foreseeable future . " In its report , the anti-doping agency made public testimony from Armstrong 's teammates and others who said Armstrong was among team members who used banned performance-enhancing substances and tried to hide it from testing officials . The seven-time Tour de France winner has consistently denied the allegations against him . But a long chain of accusations trailing Armstrong has begun to erode support even among those who have steadfastly backed him in the past . On Wednesday , Armstrong walked away from the chairmanship of the cancer charity he founded 15 years ago , Livestrong , saying he wanted to spare it any negative effects from the controversy surrounding him . He will remain on the charity 's board of directors . Bruyneel becomes first victim of investigation into Armstrong and doping On the same day Nike , which initially stood by Armstrong , dropped him with a terse statement citing what it called "  seemingly insurmountable evidence " that he participated in doping . Hours later , brewery giant Anheuser-Busch followed suit , saying it would let Armstrong 's contract expire at the end of the year . Nike and Anheuser-Busch said they still planned to support Livestrong and its initiatives . The USADA report is part of its request to international cycling officials to strip Armstrong of his seven Tour de France titles . The International Olympic Committee is also reviewing the evidence and could consider revoking Armstrong 's bronze medal from the 2000 Sydney games . Armstrong is already banned from competing in events sanctioned by U.S. Olympic governing bodies . Armstrong has said he never has failed a drug test and has consistently denied participating in any banned practices . Armstrong 's legacy may withstand accusations CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	Rabobank will end its sponsorship of professional men 's and women 's cycling teams this year A report alleging doping by cyclist Lance Armstrong and others "  speaks volumes , " it says The Dutch bank doubts the world of professional cycling "  can make this a clean and fair sport " Armstrong denies the allegations against him ; he has lost important backers this week
CNN  -- Congressman Ralph Hall underwent surgery to repair damage to his hip after a car accident , his office said Sunday . Hall , a Texas Republican and the oldest sitting member of Congress , was airlifted to the hospital Saturday following the accident . Doctors at the Medical Center at Plano said the surgery was successful and that the 91-year-old is expected to make a full recovery . The congressman is in good spirits , his office said . No surprise , given that he apparently took being airlifted in stride , joking with paramedics on the way . Hall was being driven by his friend , 73-year-old Howard Zielke , when someone collided with their vehicle Saturday afternoon in Fannin County , Texas , the state Department of Public Safety reported . The other car 's driver did n't need to go to a hospital , while Zielke was transported to a hospital in McKinney , the state agency said . Hall , though , was flown to The Medical Center of Plano with what the public safety department described as "  serious injuries . " The idea that Hall might find humor in an otherwise bad situation , perhaps , should n't be too surprising . Shortly after losing a Republican primary this spring to tea party-backed candidate John Ratcliffe , thus spelling an end to his 32-year stay in Congress , Hall cracked : "  I figured it out -- damn guy got more votes than I did ! " He pointed out , too , that he could n't get unemployment yet since he has "  a job here until December 31st . " "  At 91 years old a contract for six months -- you ca n't beat it , " he said then , referring to the rest of his term in the House .	Outgoing congressman Ralph Hall , 91 , is the oldest sitting member of Congress He had surgery to repair damage to his hip He is expected to make a full recovery
EW.com  -- Matt Smith , of "  Doctor Who " fame , will star as Patrick Bateman in the London production of the "  American Psycho " musical , EW has confirmed . Smith will play the metrosexual , murderous businessman from Bret Easton Ellis ' novel of the same name . Rupert Goold  ENRON , The Merchant of Venice  will direct . Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa adapted Ellis ' novel for the stage , and Duncan Sheik composed the music and lyrics . The musical adaptation will run from Dec. 3 of this year to Jan. 25 of 2014 at London 's Almeida Theatre . If you 're curious about the "  American Psycho " rehearsals , Director Rupert Goold has been tweeting photos from the set . Smith 's final appearances as the Doctor will be the 50th anniversary episode in November and the Christmas special . Do you think the exiting Doctor will make for a good Patrick Bateman ? More importantly , does he use enough exfoliating products in his morning routine ? See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Doctor Who " star is set to join "  American Psycho " the musical Rupert Goold will direct The musical adaptation will run from December to late January in London
CNN  -- As both President Obama and Mitt Romney make the case for creating jobs , they are ignoring one of the fastest-growing job creators in our economy : the nonprofit sector . The only mention of nonprofits on the campaign trail or in the debates has been whether to limit tax deductions for charitable donations . For the sake of our economy , the health and continuous growth of this sector should be a priority for the next president . The size and scope of the nonprofit sector may come as a surprise . There are almost 1.5 million nonprofit organizations in the country , including well-known brands like the Girl Scouts , Habitat for Humanity , United Way and the YMCA , as well as many smaller and more community-based service organizations , schools , congregations , sports leagues and hospitals . Taken all together , the sector generates almost $ 1.5 trillion in spending per year and employs about one in 10 American workers , or 13.5 million people . It is the third largest labor force behind retail trade and manufacturing . If your son or daughter is considering a career in nonprofits , do n't be alarmed . While nonprofits are known for employing social workers , they also need managers , human resource professionals , educators , artists , computer programmers , marketers , accountants , athletes , carpenters , researchers , cooks and many other skilled workers . And as one of the fastest-growing job sectors over the past decade , nonprofits offer plenty of good jobs . According to a study by Lester Salamon of Johns Hopkins University , "  the U.S. nonprofit sector posted a remarkable 10 year record of job growth despite two recessions , achieving an annual growth rate of 2.1 % from 2000 to 2010 . " In comparison , for-profit jobs declined by 0.6 % per year during the same period . The study continues , "  Even during the recession from 2007 to 2009 , nonprofit jobs increased by an average of 1.9 % per year . At the same time , businesses averaged jobs losses of 3.7 % per year . " There are several reasons that account for the growth . In a time of economic challenges , nonprofits have grown to meet the greater needs in our communities . Many services previously provided by the government are now contracted to nonprofits . Changing demographics , especially the aging of America , has increased demand for services . The sector has also experienced a wave of entrepreneurship and innovations , along with adoptions of best practices from businesses , that have increased its effectiveness and size . One might question whether jobs created in the nonprofit sector are really private-sector jobs , since many of the jobs are subsidized by the government through tax-deductible donations and direct grant support . But the truth is that many private-sector businesses receive tax credits , tax deductions , government grants and government contracts . No one dismisses as private-sector jobs those at Lockheed Martin , which received $ 16 billion in government contracts from 2009 to 2011 . Or General Electric , which paid no federal taxes last year . When there are proposals to cut defense or other federal programs that fund businesses , Congress often protects them because those cuts kill private-sector jobs . Should n't Congress likewise protect cuts in federal funds that eliminate middle-class jobs that provide health , education , opportunity , safety and culture for our communities ? Here are some things the next president can do to support a growing nonprofit sector : 1 . Maintain the charitable tax deduction and the estate tax . Restricting the flow of private resources into the nonprofit sector will affect its opportunity to create and sustain jobs and impact . Charitable giving overall is essential to our communities , democracy and economy . But there is still a need to explore how to drive more giving toward greater problems like poverty rather than university endowments . 2 . Provide student loan forgiveness and incentives for veterans . Most nonprofits are not able to invest in training and development , so young employees bear those costs . Allowing student loan forgiveness for those who devote their lives to service and allowing a new GI Bill to invest in returning veterans who want to serve their communities at home would make a great difference . 3 . Expand national service . With 87,000 people serving in AmeriCorps nationally , this public-private partnership has become a critical human capital source for the nonprofit sector . Both presidential candidates have been champions of service , and whoever wins should implement the bipartisan Serve America Act to grow AmeriCorps to 250,000 people . 4 . Invest in social entrepreneurship . Expand the federal social innovation fund and new sources of financing , such as social impact bonds , so that investments can go into helping organizations and programs that show evidence of success . 5 . Open federal investments in small businesses and jobs to nonprofits . Nonprofits are not able to access the same incentives as businesses to grow and train their work forces . If nonprofits could receive tax credits , they could sell in a secondary market to businesses to grow more jobs . In addition , the Small Business Administration and other federal programs that support jobs could open opportunities to nonprofits . Investing in the nonprofit work force is a double win because it would create good jobs and improve our quality of life through mission-driven goals . The nonprofit sector should be a central part of any discussions about our economic recovery strategy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Schmitz .	Paul Schmitz : President Obama and Mitt Romney are ignoring the nonprofit sector Schmitz : The sector is one of the fastest growing over the past decade He says the next president can do a number of things to support the industry Schmitz : Investing in the nonprofit work force is a win for job creation and economy
CNN  My daughter occasionally goes on a hugging and kissing strike . She 's 4 . Her parents could get a hug or a kiss , but many people who know her can not , at least right now . And I wo n't make her . "  I would like you to hug Grandma , but I wo n't make you do it , " I told her recently . "  I do n't have to ? " she asked , cuddling up to me at bedtime , confirming the facts to be sure . No , she does n't have to . And just to be clear , there is no passive-aggressive , conditional , manipulative nonsense behind my statement . I mean what I say . She does n't have to hug or kiss anyone just because I say so , not even me . I will not override my own child 's currently strong instincts to back off from touching someone who she chooses not to touch . I figure her body is actually hers , not mine . It does n't belong to her parents , preschool teacher , dance teacher or soccer coach . While she must treat people with respect , she does n't have to offer physical affection to please them . And the earlier she learns ownership of herself and responsibility for her body , the better for her . The trial of Jerry Sandusky , the former Penn State football coach accused of sexually abusing young boys , has only strengthened my resolve to teach my kid that it 's OK to say no to an adult who lays a hand on her -- even a seemingly friendly hand . Sandusky 's comments on child rape allegations "  When we force children to submit to unwanted affection in order not to offend a relative or hurt a friend 's feelings , we teach them that their bodies do not really belong to them because they have to push aside their own feelings about what feels right to them , " said Irene van der Zande , co-founder and executive director of Kidpower Teenpower Fullpower International , a nonprofit specializing in teaching personal safety and violence prevention . "  This leads to children getting sexually abused , teen girls submitting to sexual behavior so ` he 'll like me ' and kids enduring bullying because everyone is ` having fun . ' " Protection against predators Forcing children to touch people when they do n't want to leaves them vulnerable to sexual abusers , most of whom are people known to the children they abuse , according to Ursula Wagner , a mental health clinician with the FamilyWorks program at Heartland Alliance in Chicago . None of the child victims of sexual abuse or assault she 's counseled was attacked by strangers , she said . Readers react strongly to this article Sometimes a child picks up on something odd about your brother-in-law that no one knows . It may not be that he 's a sexual predator . He may just have no sense of boundaries or tickle too much , which can be torture for a person who does n't like it . Or he may be a predator . "  It sends a message that there are certain situations -LSB- when -RSB- it 's not up to them what they do with their bodies , " said Wagner . "  If they are obligated to be affectionate even if they do n't want to , it makes them vulnerable to sexual abuse later on . " Why wait until there 's trouble ? Parenting coach Sharon Silver worked hard to cultivate her children 's detector . Silver says her sons easily pick up on subtle clues that suggest something is n't quite right about particular people or situations . In your child 's case , it may be that something 's off about Aunt Linda or the music teacher down the street . "  It 's something inside of you that tells you when something is wrong , " said Silver . Training your child to pay attention to those instincts may protect him or her in the future . Having sex to please someone else Would you want your daughter to have sex with her boyfriend simply to make him happy ? Parents who justify ordering their children to kiss grandma might say , "  It 's different . " No , it 's not , according to author Jennifer Lehr , who blogs about her parenting style . Ordering children to kiss or hug an adult they do n't want to touch teaches them to use their body to please you or someone else in authority or , really , anyone . "  The message a child gets is that not only is another person 's emotional state their responsibility but that they must also sacrifice their own bodies to buoy another 's ego or satisfy their desire for love or affection , " said Lehr . "  Certainly no parent would wish for their teenager or adult child to feel pressure to reciprocate unwanted sexual advances , yet many teach their children at a young age that it 's their job to use their bodies to make others happy , " she said . We ca n't be rude You might think my daughter 's shiftless parents are not teaching her manners , but that 's not true . She will shake your hand in greeting or give you a high-five when we 're saying goodbye . She knows how to set the table and place a napkin in her lap . She even has me saying a little all-inclusive blessing she brought home from school . We 've trained her to say please and thank you so often that she 'll say it back to me when I ask her anything . "  What did you say ? " I sometimes ask her when I did n't hear her . "  Please ? " she 'll answer . No , I meant what did she actually say ?  Maybe we 're overdoing it . Once a cheater , always a cheater ? She has to be polite when greeting people , whether she knows them or not . When family and friends greet us , I give her the option of "  a hug or a high-five . " Since she 's been watching adults greet each other with a handshake , she sometimes offers that option . We talk about high-fives so often she 's started using them to meet anyone , which can make the start of any social occasion look like a touchdown celebration . "  When kids are really little and shy , parents can start to offer them choices for treating people with respect and care , " said van der Zande . "  By age 6 or 7 , even shy kids can shake somebody 's hand or wave or do something to communicate respect and care . Manners -- treating people with respect and care -- is different than demanding physical displays of affection . " It creates more work Refusing to order her to hand out hugs or kisses on demand means there 's more work to keep the relationships going and keep feelings from being hurt . Most of our extended family live far away , so it 's my job to teach my kiddo about people she does n't see on a daily basis . We make sure to keep in contact with calls and Skype and presents . In advance of loved ones ' visits , which usually means an all-day plane ride , I talk a lot about how we 're related to our guests , what they mean to me and what we 're going to do when they arrive . I give them plenty of opportunity to interact with her so she can learn to trust them . I explain to relatives who want to know why we 're letting her decide who she touches . And when she does hug them , the joy is palpable . Not from obligation or a direct order from Mom . And while I hope I 'm teaching my child how to take care of herself in the future , there are benefits to allowing her to express affection in her own way and on her own timeline . When my child cuddled up to my mother on the sofa recently , happily talking to her about stories and socks and toes and other things , my mother 's face lit up . She knew it was real . Did your parents make you hug and kiss relatives ? Are your kids required to give grandma a hug ? Share your experience in the comments section below .	Katia Hetter does not tell her daughter she must hug or kiss visiting relatives The Sandusky case solidified her resolve to let her child make choices about her own body A personal safety expert agrees that children should n't be compelled to touch anyone
CNN  -- Can graphic design help protect your privacy ? Sang Mun , a designer and former NSA contractor , thinks so . Just months after Edward Snowden controversially lifted the lid on digital surveillance being conducted by the U.S. and other governments , the issue of online privacy is back in the spotlight . Earlier this month Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg expressed concern that users ' trust in internet companies had been damaged by the revelations . Google 's Eric Schmidt also called for greater transparency from the U.S. government over surveillance . Sang Mun 's response was more direct -- the Korean designer has created four new fonts called ZXX that aim to disrupt the Optical Character Recognition  OCR  systems used by Google and others to analyze text . ZXX Type Specimen Video from Sang Mun on Vimeo . "  I decided to create a typeface that would be unreadable by text scanning software  whether used by a government agency or a lone hacker  , " Mun told CNN via email , "  misdirecting information or sometimes not giving any at all . " Mun , who worked with the NSA during his time in the Korean military , says that a number of global developments motivated him to act : "  The news about the NSA secretly building the country 's biggest data center ; the House passing the controversial Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act  CISPA  ; the social network media accumulating abundant information on every individual 's life ; Google announcing its work-in-progress Glass project -- and the list goes on . " "  Sometimes these ideas about privacy can feel large and abstract to the average person . I thought that addressing these issues through the design of a typeface -- a building block of language and communication -- would bring home the conversation to the average person , " Mun says . The four different fonts -- Camo , False , Noise and Xed -- were developed through a rigorous process of drawing and testing , Mun says : "  The challenge was to make the OCR legible typeface illegible to computer vision , while keeping it readable to the human eye . " Each font uses a different optical trick to make them difficult to scan : ` Camo ' adds camouflage-like patterns over letters , ` Noise ' overlays the letters with dots , ` Xed ' puts a neat X across each character , and ` False ' uses a small letter beneath a larger ` false ' one . Matthew Green , Research Professor of Computer Science at Johns Hopkins University , says that of the four different fonts , ` False ' could be most promising , but that in his view camouflaged fonts are not terribly effective at protecting people 's privacy : "  For standard optical character recognition that 's tuned to read traditional typefaces and handwriting , yes , I think  these fonts  will be confusing ... But if the NSA really wants to detect this data ? Not really . The problem here is that the fonts do n't appear to be randomized , which means every time I type the letter ` A ' I 'll get the same letter . To an OCR program these letters are just shapes . The funny-looking A shape is no more difficult to detect than a real A shape . " Ross Anderson , Professor in Security Engineering at the University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory , shares Green 's criticisms : "  I do n't think any of this is more than privacy theater . The fonts could probably be broken . " Mun concedes that the fonts ' actual effectiveness may be limited , but that he hopes they will alert people to the issue of digital surveillance : "  ZXX is a call to action , both practically and symbolically , to raise questions about privacy . Intercepting and storing world citizens ' words and thoughts is simply a vulgar intrusion on our daily lives ... It 's our duty to call out crimes against democracy . " Sang Mun 's fonts are available for download here . Ross Anderson 's font can be found here .	Designer Sang Mun creates ` unhackable ' fonts The four fonts are designed to disrupt Optical Character Recognition software Experts suggest that to be effective such fonts would need to be used with encryption
CNN  Organized labor is up in arms about President Barack Obama 's effort to obtain fast-track authority to finalize a free trade agreement in the Asia Pacific that involves 11 nations . The agreement , union leaders argue , threatens to take even more jobs away from Americans . AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka sent a clear message to members of Congress , warning , "  There is such a dramatic impact on the standard of living and lowering of wages and a loss of jobs -- this will have a major impact , and then we will not forget this vote for a long time . " The AFL-CIO announced that it would withhold donations to political action committees until this controversy cleared up . The tension between organized labor and Obama is not new . The struggles have been going on since 2009 when the President allowed the Employee Free Choice Act to wither in Congress . The act would require that a union be deemed as legitimate when it had the support of a majority of employees and imposed tough penalties on employers who tried to punish workers from forming unions . The President avoided making any strong appeals for the bill , though it was greatly desired by labor organizations as a way to increase membership . When Democrats chose Charlotte , North Carolina , for their 2012 political convention -- a city not friendly to labor -- unions were livid . "  There is broad frustration with the party and all elected officials , " one labor leader said , "  broad frustration with the lack of a union agenda . " Even though unions were crucial to administration victories such as the Affordable Care Act , President Obama has often been extremely tepid when it comes to the rights of unions . Organized labor has not been that surprised . The truth is that unions have been on the defense against Democratic presidents for decades . In the 1970s , President Jimmy Carter treated unions like one more special interest in Washington that needed to be brought down while President Bill Clinton demonstrated lukewarm support to these organizations as he aggressively pursued global free trade policies that labor opposed . "  It will cost jobs , " warned Michigan Democrat David Bonior said of the North American Free Trade Agreement that Clinton endorsed . "  It will drive down our standard of living . If we do n't stand up for the working people in this country , who is going to ? " In the past few decades , many Democratic politicians no longer believed that organized labor was a major player within their party , as they had been during the creation of the New Deal and Great Society . As organized labor became a smaller part of the American workforce , Democratic politicians were not as determined to court their vote . A larger number of Democrats since the 1970s have been elected by upper middle class suburban constituencies in which unions are not a big presence . These voters have been more concerned in a style of liberalism that revolves around quality of life issues , such as environmental regulation , than they are with middle class jobs . Many Democrats leaders embraced a vision of economic policy that centered on deregulation and free markets . New voices that came into the Democratic Party after the 1960s wanted to challenge Republicans by offering a more centrist vision of economic policy . The opportunities for Democrats to embrace a more pro-union agenda have only intensified with the fierce assault taking place among conservatives . The Koch brothers have unleashed fierce financial assault against unions . Scott Walker , the governor of Wisconsin and potential Republican presidential candidate , has stripped away the power of public unions and signed a right to work law that barred unions from collecting dues from employees who were n't in unions . Unions are under assault , and the movement is looking for help . Democrats , and some Republicans , often talk about needing to deal with the problem of economic inequality . Much of the talk is often vague and offers little in the way to real solutions . Shoring up the strength of unions is one area where the government can help protect jobs for middle class Americans . Without strong unions , the battle against economic inequality and insecurity will never really get started . As George Gresham , the president of United Health Care Workers East wrote in The New York Times , "  By defunding unions and weakening union members via ` right to work ' laws , corporations and those that do their bidding remove workers ' primary means of raising wages , securing pensions and improving workers conditions . Workers ' main vehicle for advancing themselves and their communities is jeopardized . " Democrats need to listen to what the AFL-CIO is saying . They need to push back against President Obama , even if this creates political opportunities for Republicans , so that the party does not abandon what has been at the heart and soul of their agenda . As Democrats continually watch Republicans outdo them in terms of organization and pursuit , they need to look to labor more as an ally than an enemy in the battle for the White House and Congress in the coming years .	President Obama wants to obtain fast-track authority to finalize a free trade agreement in the Asia Pacific Julian Zelizer : Organized labor is right to worry that this would take away more jobs from Americans
Editor 's note : Beauty and makeup expert Bobbi Brown saves the day with tricks to age-proof your smile , grow out bangs , and make blush stay put . Health.com  -- Kim Eliza from New York City asks : I let my hairstylist cut my bangs , but now I hate them ! What can I do ? Bobbi Brown : It 's one of those things that 's happened to all of us .  I once got a cut that turned me into Marlo Thomas from That Girlâ $ " it took weeks to recover . Aside from wearing a hat or headband , I 've found that it helps to style bangs all piece-y  using a tiny dab of styling cream  . Once they get longer than your brows , you can pin them to one side with a cute bobby pin . Another idea to get them off your face : Hold the bangs together up in the air and twist back over your head , then cross two pins over them to secure . Be patientâ $ " it could take at least four to six weeks for bangs to  noticeably  grow out . Health.com : Naturally gorgeous hair makeovers Min Polley from Sherman Oaks , California , asks : Your teeth look great ! How do you keep them that way ? Brown : A bright smile can really make you look young . I had my teeth whitened professionally years ago . But these days , it 's my regular habits that help . I go to the dentist every six months , brush with my fave Tom 's toothpaste , and rinse after drinking anything colorful , like coffee or red wine . I also carry those tiny floss picks everywhere . Another good portable idea : disposable toothbrushes . A little makeup helps , tooâ $ " a blue-based pink  think berry or fuchsia  lipstick adds instant sparkle . Health.com : 20 things that can ruin your smile Hilary Cavanaugh from Clearwater , Florida , asks : I want to touch up my makeup without carting around a lot of products . Any suggestions ? Brown : When I go minimalist , I find I can add a pretty pop of color to cheeks and lips with a bronze-colored cream blush . I also multitask with a brown eye pencil to fill in brows and touch up gray roots . And a clear gloss or balm adds a nice sheen to lips  or eyes !  , nourishes cuticles , and tames flyaways . Simple , right ? Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Stuck with bangs you hate ? Bobbi Brown suggests some stylish fixes , but patience is key Brown keeps her teeth bright white through meticulous habits and tiny floss picks Brown 's go-to makeup products : bronze-colored blush , brown eye pencil and clear gloss
CNN  -- A total solar eclipse occurred over the northeastern Australian coast early in the morning of November 14 local time . Clueless about this spectacular astronomical event ? No worries , we 've got you covered . We 're here to explain what causes this remarkable act of nature , what skygazers see and how those outside of Australia can join in the experience . What exactly is a total solar eclipse ? A solar eclipse happens when the moon , as it orbits Earth , passes directly in front of the sun , obscuring its rays and casting a shadow on Earth 's surface . Sometimes referred to as a "  happy accident of nature , " a total solar eclipse occurs when the moon is perfectly aligned with both the sun and Earth , so it appears from our perspective that the sun is completely blocked . When is this happening and who can see it ? The total solar eclipse became visible in the far north of Australia about an hour after sunrise local time on November 14  afternoon of November 13 in the United States and evening of November 13 in Europe  . A total eclipse of the sun can only be seen from within what 's known as the path of totality , a narrow path the moon 's inner shadow travels as it glides across the Earth . The most populated areas within that path are in the Cairns and Great Barrier Reef region . It estimated to take about three hours for the moon 's shadow to travel the entire path of totality . What time total darkness occurred , and how long it lasted , depended on location . Totality was expected to begin in Cairns at 0638 local time and was to last nearly two minutes . By contrast , totality was estimated to only last just about 20 seconds in the small town of Innisfail . What 's all the fuss about ? Do n't these happen frequently ? According to NASA , a full solar eclipse happens , on average , every 18 months . The last one happened in July 2010 , crossing Chile 's Easter Island , and one will occur over equatorial Africa in November 2014 . But for any given region , a total solar eclipse only happens , on average , once every 375 years . Solar eclipses were shrouded in superstition in ancient times -- in China , for example , viewing total solar eclipses was important for divining the future success of an emperor . However , as scientific knowledge deepened , these events became opportunities for conducting important experiments . It was during a total solar eclipse in 1919 that Einstein 's theory of general relativity was tested and confirmed for the first time . Quiz : Can you see the light ? What 's it like to experience a solar eclipse and what do you see ? A solar eclipse is often described as one of nature 's most awe-inspiring events . Some people are so moved by the experience of watching an eclipse that they travel around the world chasing them . About an hour leading up to totality , all sorts of things begin to happen . There are changes in the color of the sky , the temperature drops , birds and animals behave in a peculiar manner and shadows sharpen , according to Rick Brown , an eclipse chaser from New York who is viewing his 14th total solar eclipse . "  I never really expected to be moved the way I was . It 's a phenomenal thing to see , " he said , recalling his first experience . As the moon 's shadow sweeps across the Earth , the sun turns into a crescent in the sky . Just before totality , so-called Baily 's beads â $ " bright spots of sunlight shining through the moon 's craggy surface â $ " can appear around the moon . Then the moon completely blots out the sun , leaving only a halo of light visible . After the brief period of darkness , Baily 's beads might appear again as the sun comes back into view . I missed it . Where can I see this eclipse ? You can watch the video here on CNN . On Twitter , there was a tweet-up devoted to the event and you can always get first-hand accounts of the event on iReport , where we asked people to share their solar eclipse photos and experiences . Do I need special glasses to watch a solar eclipse ? Yes ! Permanent eye damage can occur if you look directly at the sun . That means when viewing any partial phase of a total eclipse , you need to wear proper solar eclipse glasses . Regular sunglasses wo n't offer enough protection , and forget about using telescopes or binoculars unless you 've attached special filters to them . Only during totality can you remove filters and glasses . If you 're feeling crafty , you can create your own pinhole projector . Any tips for first-time viewers ? If you 're keen to capture some good photos , you need to be prepared . Eclipse Chasers , a website devoted to solar eclipses , has several pointers for photographers . Among them : -- Leave your flash attachment at home -- Do n't forget to remove your filter during totality -- Use a telescope or telephoto lens with a focal length of 400 millimetres or more -- Opt for manually focusing over auto focus -- Keep your setup as portable , light and easy to assemble as possible in case you need to relocate in a hurry to escape clouds . Veteran eclipse watchers all had the same advice for first-timers : do n't waste time fiddling with cameras and telescopes that you miss soaking up that fleeting moment of complete darkness .	A total solar eclipse was visible over Australia 's Northern Territories on November 14 The most populated areas within the path of the eclipse are in the Cairns and Great Barrier Reef region Special eye gear essential and preparation key to taking good pictures
CNN  -- A NASA orbiter has beamed back its first images of the far side of the moon , including scenes of a massive crater caused by an ancient cosmic impact , the space agency announced Wednesday . NASA released 30 seconds of video from one of the twin probes that arrived in lunar orbit on December 31 and January 1 . The Ebb orbiter passed over the moon from its north to south poles , revealing a new view of the Mare Orientale , a 560-mile basin along the border between the near and far sides of the satellite . Also visible was the smaller Drygalski crater near the lunar south pole , which has a star-shaped peak at its center from what NASA says was a comet or asteroid impact . Ebb and sister ship Flow are part of the space agency 's GRAIL program . For 82 days , their instruments will chart the lunar gravitational field , giving scientists a peek into what goes on beneath the surface -- and possibly an insight into how the Earth and its neighbors formed . As for the "  far side of the moon , " as NASA says on its website , the time it takes the moon to make one rotation on its axis is the same amount of time it takes the moon to orbit around the Earth . "  So , " NASA explains , "  one ` side ' of the moon is always facing the Earth , and the other ` side ' is always facing away from the Earth . "	A 30-second NASA video scans the far side of the moon It came from one of two probes that entered lunar orbit around New Year 's Ebb and Flow are to chart lunar gravitational field for 82 days
CNN  -- Nine of the 10 countries with the world 's highest rates of child marriage are in Africa : Niger , Chad and Central African Republic , Guinea , Mozambique , Mali , Burkina Faso and South Sudan , and Malawi . My country , Tanzania , did not make the list . But in traditional Maasai communities like mine , marrying off girls is very common . I was married at 13 to a man in his 70s . It happened during Christmas break . My father told my school that I had died . Even if he had n't , I would have been forced to leave when I got pregnant because that was the law at the time . I gave birth to my first child within a year . I had no professional prenatal care and no trained medical assistance during delivery . I had to depend on my husband and his other wives for guidance . It was a very painful experience . Every time I became pregnant after that I felt sick and scared . Because of all these difficult births I have a hard time controlling my bladder and it can be painful to urinate . Today , I am a mother of five at 29 years old . International Women 's Day : Whose words inspire you ? In communities like mine , age is not understood as a number . Our traditional values dictate girls are meant for marriage , and when the men decide we are biologically ready , we are married . Marriage is sometimes a way of forming and cementing relationships . But it is also a way of earning money . My family received a bride price from my husband and then he took me away to become one of his wives . He beat me regularly , and so I fled back to my village . But my father and brother told me the price had been paid , this was no longer my home , I had to return . It was n't until six years ago that I was able to take charge of my own destiny . I ran away to the city of Arusha and met Rebecca , a volunteer with the Young Women 's Christian Association  YWCA  . Through counseling , workshops and friendship , I gained more confidence in my own voice and learned to support myself . When I returned to my village , I found an ally : one of our community leaders , named Abraham . In his own extended family girls were running away from forced marriages . He felt obliged to support them by giving them shelter and food . Quietly , he was encouraging them to go to school hoping it would be a way to get girls out of their situation . When he learned about how I was able to find support from YWCA he was inspired . Knowing there would be places for girls to go outside their communities helped convince him they would be OK if they left their marriages . But I love my family and my community , and I did n't want leaving to be the answer . So I set up a YWCA in my village and slowly , change is happening . Some men and boys are not happy with what I 'm doing . I have to be around others all the time to protect myself from harassment . I do n't know if my own father would approve if he were still alive . But many are recognizing that this is the way forward -- that girls have value beyond marriage . That we can earn money and contribute more to our communities when we stay in school . Read also : School ` pays dowry ' to save girls from marriage My brother used to think I was wrong to leave my husband . But seeing how well I am doing selling traditional Maasai jewelry and clothing he is starting to respect my choice . He no longer beats me , but he still wo n't let me have access to any of my father 's farms . Thankfully , I have supporters in my community who help give me other options to grow food for my children . I believe my relationship with my brother will get better with time . I am still working on it . My mother is so proud . She used to fear my disobedience to my husband would reflect poorly on her and she would be cast out of the community . But now she sees I am welcome and respected and she is so happy to have me back in her life . When attitudes begin to shift from within communities this way , then people start to have hope . And politicians gain more courage to act . Without support from community leaders , parliamentarians fear passing laws will cost them votes and they will lose power to make any difference at all . Likewise , passing laws provides no guarantee girls will be protected unless they have community support : 158 countries have set the legal age for marriage at 18 years but the laws are simply ignored by communities where marrying children and adolescent girls is common practice . In the fight against child marriage , the biggest battle is finding those who are ready for change and giving them the courage to speak to others . Those of us who believe in the power of girls , who have seen what they can do when they have options , we need to tell everyone we can . We need to teach girls that it 's OK to say no to marrying before they are ready , and that there are places they can go if they have to run away . We need to talk to families about different ways their girls can contribute to their livelihoods , so that marriage is not seen as the only option . We need to show community leaders examples of girls who have stayed in school , learned skills , and have helped develop their local economies . We need to convince politicians that they should pass laws to protect and empower girls , and that the people will support them if they do . And we need to share our success stories with the world . Because people need to know we are fighting for change and they can join us in their own countries and communities . Change is possible when we believe in each other . I am living proof . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mereso Kilusu .	Mereso Kilusu was a child bride . Now she campaigns against child marriage Changing attitudes in traditional communities is key , says Kilusu ` We need to talk to families about how girls can contribute to their livelihoods , ' she says Report : Nine of the 10 countries with the world 's highest rates of child marriage are in Africa
Images from the conflict between Israel and Hamas depict apparent civilians , innocent people caught in the middle . Often , the dead are children . The Palestinian death toll in Gaza stands at more than 1,800 , with nearly 10,000 wounded , Gaza 's Health Ministry said Sunday . More than 300 children have died , the ministry has reported , as the United Nations repeatedly raises concerns about the high number of deaths in Gaza . On the Israeli side , 64 Israeli soldiers and three civilians have died since fighting began more than three weeks ago . Why are the death tolls lopsided ? Why so many deaths in Gaza ? Here are five reasons that dictate the brutal logic of the latest Mideast crisis . Uneven resources While Hamas has shown itself to be a formidable guerrilla army , Israel 's military dwarfs the resources available to the militant Islamic organization , which controls Gaza . Hamas does not have the sophisticated weaponry and technology that Israel possesses . Consider Israel 's Iron Dome system , which intercepts and blocks incoming rockets . The Israeli military has said that it has depleted most of Gaza 's rocket supply and Israel Defense Forces says more than 3,000 rockets have been fired from Gaza at Israel . Unlike Gaza , Israel has bomb shelters and an advanced warning system to let its population know when and where rockets are coming in . Hundreds of thousands of people have reportedly downloaded Red Alert , a smartphone app that uses real-time information from the IDF and the country 's version of Homeland Security to trigger a phone 's alarm when rockets are detected . Illustrating just how powerful Israel is in this battle , Israel has been texting Palestinians ' cell phones with messages warning where the Israeli military will strike . Palestinians have told CNN they are receiving these messages . Israel has also been doing what it calls "  roof knocking " -- or dropping empty shells on rooftops -- warning those inside buildings to get out fast because a strike with explosive shells is imminent . "  Civilian casualties in Gaza have been too high , " Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren said in Washington on Thursday . "  It is clear the Israelis need to do more . We want them to do more . " The nature of the battlefield More than 1.8 million people live in Gaza , which is 139 square miles in total land area . That makes for very cramped living . When airstrikes happen , when shells land , having more people in a small area often means higher death tolls . And even if Palestinians receive and heed warnings to change locations before an airstrike hits , it 's likely they 'll have nowhere safe to run . There are no bomb shelters or warning sirens in Gaza . And it 's practically impossible to leave . There 's a barrier fence around the perimeter of Gaza . Israel controls all air access to Gaza and land access along their border . Egypt controls access on the southern border and that crossing is also closed . United Nations schools in Gaza -- with clear U.N. markings -- have been turned into shelters during the conflict , and for a while they were considered safe . But strikes have recently hit several of those locations , killing and injuring many , including women and children . Each side blames the other . In some cases , Israel has said Hamas rockets were launched and fell short , landing on the schools , and stressed that it uses "  precision " airstrikes . Regarding shells that fell in the vicinity of a school on Sunday , killing at least nine people , the IDF said it targeted three Palestinian Islamic Jihad members riding a motorcycle in the vicinity of the school . It said it 's reviewing the incident . Hamas says Israel targeted the schools . A goal that could take time One of Israel 's top goals is to destroy Hamas rockets and tunnels . It says it has uncovered 36 tunnels running from Gaza into Israel that have been used to smuggle weapons and launch attacks . Hamas has released videos of militants using the tunnels for attacks . The main way to obliterate the tunnels is by airstrikes and artillery bombardment , and those tactics often result in collateral damage . The tunnels have , for some time , also been used as vital supply lines to Gaza , through which food and other necessities have been transported . The tunnels were dug to get around the blockade of Gaza , said Maen Rashid Areikat , the head of the Palestine Liberation Organization delegation to the United States . But Areikat told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , who toured a tunnel , that the tunnels have also been used by a faction of Palestinians to launch attacks in Israel . Palestinian parliament member Mustafa Barghouti described the tunnels as a defensive tool against repeated Israeli invasions in recent years . Watch : CNN 's Blitzer goes into a tunnel in Gaza Effort to protect civilians ? Is Hamas willing to put civilians in harm 's way ? That 's a controversial topic . Last month , rockets were discovered in a vacant U.N. school between two other U.N. schools being used as shelters . It was the second such discovery at a vacant U.N. school in Gaza in a week . That is the evidence Israel cites to accuse Hamas of using civilians and their institutions as shields -- a violation of international law . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on CNN that it was difficult to measure the bloodshed of the conflict because "  Hamas is using them , Palestinians , as human shields . " "  We develop anti-missile systems to protect , we use anti-missile systems to protect our civilians , " he said . "  They use their civilians to protect their missiles . That 's the difference . " The IDF said Monday it found a "  Hamas combat manual " that IDF says proves the group uses its people as human shields . A CNN translation of the two pages posted by the IDF did not find specific statements that Hamas uses its own civilian population as human shields , but one section discusses the benefits for Hamas when civilian homes are destroyed . CNN could not confirm the authenticity of the manual , and neither the IDF nor Hamas could be reached for comment . Experts say the situation is complex . Hamas is also a political organization embedded in civilian life in the Palestinian territory , Palestinian leaders say . "  Hamas is a political party after all , not just a military wing . And it has institutions , organizations , homes " in Gaza , said Hanan Ashrawi , executive committee member of the PLO in the West Bank . She pointed out that large buildings are being hit , and many are dying inside . "  It would be impossible at this point to say how much truth there is to the human shield argument , " said Michele Dunne of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  That 's not going to be possible to do in the heat of the conflict . " The timetable is uncertain Last week , the Israeli military said it was calling up 16,000 reservists , an indication that there is likely more fighting ahead . United States diplomacy has tried to turn the situation toward a lasting cease-fire . Several Middle Eastern nations attempted to get Hamas to agree to an Egyptian-led cease-fire while U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met with Palestinian and Israeli leaders last week . But by Thursday evening , rockets were still flying and sirens were going off . Several cease-fires have fallen apart since . U.N. Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said in a speech recently that she felt there is a "  strong possibility that international humanitarian law has been violated , in a manner that could amount to war crimes . " "  I unequivocally reiterate to all actors in this conflict that civilians must not be targeted , " she said , adding , "  Respect for the right to life of civilians , including children , should be a foremost consideration . "	Officials : More than 1,800 people have died ; 64 Israeli soldiers have died Israel has more resources , more sophisticated weapons and warning systems In most cases , those who live in Gaza can not simply leave
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Zalman King , a onetime actor who went on to produce and direct numerous films including "  Wild Orchid , " died Friday after a lengthy battle with cancer , his son-in-law said . King was 70 . After fighting cancer for six years , King died Friday morning at his home in Santa Monica , California , son-in-law Allison Burnett told CNN . His wife and longtime contributor , writer-director Patricia Louisiana Knopp , was by his side . Born Zalman Lefkovitz , King broke into Hollywood in the 1960s as an actor with roles on several TV series including "  The Alfred Hitchcock Hour , " "  Bonanza , " "  Gunsmoke " and "  The Young Lawyers , " according to the online Internet Movie Database website , imdb.com . He produced several films in the 1980s , including the erotic drama "  9Â 1/2 Weeks " starring Kim Basinger and Mickey Rourke . And in 1989 , King moved behind the camera to direct "  Wild Orchid , " written by him and his wife and featuring Rourke and Jacqueline Bisset . According to Burnett , late director Stanley Kubrick would call King "  every night " while shooting "  Eyes Wide Shut , " starring Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman , to get ideas on shooting erotic scenes . King also knew Martin Sheen for decades , as well as his son Charlie Sheen , according to Burnett . The former "  Platoon , " "  Wall Street " and "  Two and a Half Men " star lauded King as a "  brilliant and noble soul " in a statement Friday on his website . "  My dear friend of 40 years , Zalman King , just lost his battle with cancer , " Charlie Sheen wrote . "  Fought like a recon marine til the bitter end . "	Zalman King was an actor in several 1960s TV shows He later produced several films , including "  Nine and 1/2 Weeks " His directing credits include the erotic drama , "  Wild Orchid " Charlie Sheen remembers King as a "  brilliant and noble soul "
CNN  -- Shortly after McDonald 's celebrated its 30-year presence in France , the fast-food chain is conquering one of the country 's most valued cultural institutions -- the Louvre . McDonald 's burgers and fries will be available under the glass pyramid of the Louvre . The restaurant will be serving its fast burgers in the Carrousel du Louvre , an underground shopping mall which lies under the main entrance of the museum and which still contains an ancient wall that was discovered during construction works . McDonald 's plans seem to have caused more media attention abroad than in France , but for some French outlets , the idea of combining fast food and ancient art is stomach churning . The Parisian Web site "  Louvre pour tous "  Louvre for everyone  describes the company 's plans to open a restaurant in the prestigious museum as "  bad taste " and blamed the Louvre 's directors for failing to prevent what could result in "  fragrances of fries drifting under Mona Lisa 's nose " . Marion Benaiteau , spokeswoman for the museum , told CNN it was not their decision and declined to comment further on the issue . The Carrousel du Louvre mall is managed by Unibail-Rodamco , Europe 's largest property company , and not the museum itself . The mall , which is situated next to the most visited museum in the world , counts 8.3 million visitors a year and enjoyed a total gross sales of $ 75 million in 2008 . Le Parisien , a daily newspaper described the difference between McDonald 's and the Louvre by comparing Ronald McDonald , the restaurant 's clown character , to Venus de Milo , the famous ancient Greek statue of Aphrodite , which is on display at the Louvre . Should McDonald 's be in the Louvre ? Tell us what you think in the Soundoff box below . McDonald 's sees the opening of its new restaurant next to the home of Mona Lisa as nothing out of the ordinary . "  There are already many other restaurants in the mall , so we will only be one of the many restaurants that offer visitors their products . " said a spokeswoman for McDonald 's in France , who declined to be named . "  There 's even a Starbucks , " she added . Museum lovers in France are shocked about the news , but not surprised , one told CNN . "  Museums have to offer services like restaurants and boutiques , it 's completely normal , " Jean-Michel Raingeard , President of the Federation of French Friends of Museums told CNN . What worries him , however , is the choice of shops . "  Museum directors seem to care more about the number of people they attract rather than the quality of people . Should a museum be a museum or an amusement park ? " asks Jean Michel Raingeard , who is also the European Vice President for The World Federation of Friends of Museums . Criticism , though fierce , has not halted the plans : construction work will start soon and the restaurant should be open "  by the end of the year , " Mcdonald 's said . The menu will also very likely stay the same . "  McDonald 's functions the same way in all of France , so there will probably be no special menus , " the spokeswoman said .	McDonald 's to open restaurant in the mall of the world 's most visited museum Decision has attracted criticisms there will be ` unpleasant smells ' in the museum The restaurant is not the only fast food joint in the shopping mall
CNN  -- I was a high school student in 1983 , when the video for "  Thriller " was released , getting plenty of air time on MTV . By then , the network 's "  M " could just as easily have stood for Michael . It was an event . At a time when MTV was criticizing for not featuring black artists , Michael Jackson 's success changed all that . I can remember getting together with a group of friends to watch the premiere like it was a new movie release . The video did not disappoint . Once again Michael disregarded all conventions of the genre and not just redefined , but completely re-imagined , what a music video could be . But most people do n't know that the album broke new ground in a non-musical way , too . Viewers today of MTV , with its steady stream of reality shows like "  Real World 22 - Cancun " and "  16 and Pregnant , " might forget that , when it started nearly three decades ago , MTV was all music , all day . Actually , it was n't really all music . It was just what MTV considered rock music . By the late 1970s , radio formats had essentially resegregated the music world . When MTV launched in 1981 , it modeled its playlist on the popular album-oriented rock radio format of the day , which meant that music by black artists was effectively excluded from the network . You might see the occasional Jimi Hendrix clip , but there was no room for funk , disco , R&B or that new emerging form -- rap . It was n't long before the public took note of the glaring absence of African-American artists . MTV was called to task on the air in 1983 for its lack of black artists by none other than David Bowie . At about the same time , MTV famously refused to air Rick James ' "  Superfreak " video . It defended itself by claiming it was n't a rock song . Michael Jackson changed all that . Jackson opened the door with the video for "  Billie Jean , " which was simply too good for its time to be overlooked . He blew that door wide open with "  Beat It , " which featured a guitar solo by the reigning rock god of the day , Eddie Van Halen . Jackson succeeded in this not just because he was a great singer , but because of his musical daring . "  Beat It " was a song that was incapable of being slotted among the genres of the day . Yes , it had all the signatures of a rock song -- overdriven guitars , a driving tempo and a searing solo . But it had more . It had a backbeat . You could dance to it . You wanted to dance to it . And the viewers loved it , regardless of their race or ethnicity . iReport.com : Share stories of Jackson 's success , legacy Jackson 's effect on MTV was both immediate and permanent . His videos became cultural events and his success laid waste to the notion that white rock audiences would n't tune in for "  black " music . In the aftermath of Jackson 's breakthrough success , MTV helped usher rap into the mainstream with shows like "  Yo ! MTV Raps , " and black artists like Prince and Chaka Khan became mainstays of the network . It was n't long before young people schooled on a diet that ranged from Public Enemy to AC/DC began to experiment with what those genres would sound like if they were combined -- just as Jackson had done with "  Beat It . " The outcome was some of the most interesting music of the next decade . Artists like Linkin Park , Rage Against the Machine , P.O.D. and Beck all owe a debt of gratitude to Jackson for creating a welcoming environment . And we as fans all owe him the acknowledgment reserved for those individuals whose achievements transcend their chosen field and reshape the world around us . Watch fans in Los Angeles react to Jackson 's death " I was always mournful about the sad spectacle his life became in recent years . But that should not detract from the meteor-like impact he had on popular culture at his peak . Michael Jackson was the Jackie Robinson of MTV . He disregarded the conventional categories of the day and created something that was both new and immediately accessible to millions of listeners . In so doing , he forced an industry still informed by stubborn prejudices to rethink itself . Most successful entertainers can ride in tandem with the zeitgeist for only so long before they drift away . Michael Jackson did more than that . He inhabited the zeitgeist and bent it to his will . No matter where his life may have gone after that , it can not overshadow this transcendent moment .	Michael Jackson 's breakthrough success forced MTV to rethink itself MTV had been criticized for not airing videos by black artists Many viewers , regardless of race or ethnicity , loved Jackson 's videos
CNN  -- A federal appeals court has denied Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer 's request for an expedited hearing on the state 's controversial immigration law . Instead , the case has been scheduled for a hearing during the first week in November . Brewer had wanted public oral arguments in the case for mid-September . The Justice Department had urged a slower schedule , and the 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals agreed in a brief order issued Friday evening . Arizona filed its appeal Thursday , asking the court to lift U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton 's preliminary injunction on the immigration law . Bolton 's ruling Wednesday temporarily blocked some of the most controversial provisions of the law , known as SB 1070 , including the requirement that police officers check a person 's immigration status while enforcing other laws . Bolton also blocked provisions of the law making it a crime for people to fail to apply for or carry "  alien registration papers " or "  for an unauthorized alien to solicit , apply for , or perform work , " as well as a provision "  authorizing the warrantless arrest of a person " if there is reason to believe that person might be subject to deportation . The parts of the law that took effect Thursday include a ban on so-called "  sanctuary cities " -- municipalities with laws or policies that render them relatively safe for undocumented immigrants . The judge also allowed a provision in the law that makes it illegal to hire day laborers if doing so impedes traffic . The parts of the law dealing with sanctions for employers who hire illegal immigrants also withstood the first legal test . CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said the ruling reflects the government 's argument that immigration enforcement should be dealt with at the federal level . "  Arizona may have good intentions , they may be trying to make up for where the U.S. government has failed , but what the judge is saying is , this is not the way to do it , " he said As other states pass similar laws , Toobin said , the issue is "  very much destined for the Supreme Court . " State Sen. Russell Pearce , author of the law , said he foresaw a protracted legal fight from the beginning . "  I wrote it to go to the Supreme Court , " he said before the ruling came down . "  I 'm begging for that fistfight at the Supreme Court . We will win in a 5-4 decision and finally settle this problem . " He added , "  My message to the judge , is uphold the Constitution . Uphold states ' rights . This is a battle of epic proportions . This is the states versus the central government . " CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	The appeals court rules that a hearing will be scheduled in November Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer had requested oral arguments in September The state wants the court to lift an injunction blocking many parts of the law Experts predict the fight could head to the Supreme Court
CNN  Diego Lagomarsino is among the few who can offer clues about the puzzling death of Argentine prosecutor Alberto Nisman . The IT security expert was one of the last to see Nisman alive . Nisman was found dead in his apartment days after filing a report accusing the country 's top leaders of covering up Iran 's involvement in Argentina 's worst terrorist attack . It looked like a suicide , but now even the government has doubts that is the truth . So when Lagomarsino decided to address reporters on Wednesday , it should have been an unequivocally illuminating event . But like so much of the information surrounding Nisman 's mysterious death , seeds of doubt had already been planted . In addition to being an assistant to Nisman , Lagomarsino is the one who gave the prosecutor the gun that ended his life and is the only person charged in connection with his death . Lagomarsino faces up to six years in prison if convicted of providing Nisman with the gun . With this hanging over his head , Lagomarsino broke his silence , saying that he committed no crime and that he let Nisman borrow the gun at the prosecutor 's insistence . Nisman was fearful about his safety after he filed his report in court and was distrustful of even the security guards that were assigned to protect him , Lagomarsino said . The prosecutor had called Lagomarsino , who had become a family friend through the IT work he did for them , before dawn on January 17 . Nisman asked him to come over to his apartment immediately , Lagomarsino said . Lagomarsino recalls seeing documents splayed out on a table and an anxious Nisman spilling his fears . The prosecutor was worried about repercussions for the accusations he levied against the government . He alleged that President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner and Foreign Minister Hector Timerman , among others , conspired to cover up Iran 's involvement in the 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires in exchange for a friendly trade deal . In the days after he filed the complaint in court , Nisman did n't even venture out to buy groceries . He had his mother do that for him , Lagomarsino said . "  I am more afraid of being right than being wrong , " the IT engineer remembers Nisman telling him that morning . He was afraid that his daughters were in danger , Nisman told Lagomarsino . The prosecutor said he did n't trust his security guards , and asked Lagomarsino if he had a gun he could borrow . Lagomarsino went back home and thought about the request . When Nisman called again , insisting that he bring the weapon over . According to Lagomarsino , Nisman claimed he would not use the gun and only wanted to have it in his glove box in case of an emergency . So Lagomarsino returned to Nisman 's apartment , handed him the weapon , and then left . He texted Nisman later that afternoon to check in on him . The prosecutor never replied . Nisman , who had been investigating the 1994 bombing of the Argentine Israelite Mutual Association  AMIA  that killed 85 people , died from a gunshot wound to the head . The gun that Lagomarsino had given him was near the body , along with a shell casing . His body was found on January 18 , the day after his conversation with Lagomarsino , and the day before he was to testify before lawmakers about his allegations . An autopsy was performed the next day . President Fernandez was quick to call it a suicide but changed her story a few days later . A test found no gunpowder residue on Nisman 's hands , as would have been expected if he had pulled the trigger . On Wednesday , Nisman 's body was returned to his family after his ex-wife declined to have additional tests conducted on the body , the state-run Telam news agency reported . The prosecutor 's funeral is scheduled for Thursday . Even before Nisman died , Fernadez 's government vehemently denied that it had covered up anything relating to the 1994 bombing . The government 's Cabinet chief has said that Nisman was swayed by information from Antonio "  Jaime " Stiusso , a former Argentine intelligence chief . Stiusso was ousted from the intelligence agency in December . Government officials have implied that rogue intelligence agents misled Nisman to attack Fernandez and then killed him when they no longer needed him . Many of the small details in the case fuel the conspiracy fire . In the days after Nisman 's body was found , state media published what it described as a social media message from Nisman to friends explaining that he had to cut a vacation to Spain short so he could return to Argentina and file the report against the President . On Wednesday , the prosecutor investigating Nisman 's death , Viviana Fein , told reporters that there is no evidence that Nisman suddenly changed his plans . Records show that his return from Spain had been planned weeks before . There have also been reports linking Lagomarsino to the former intelligence agent Stiusso . The IT man 's lawyer denied that the two knew each other . Argentina 's President pushes intelligence shakeup after Nisman scandal	The owner of the gun that killed Alberto Nisman explains his side of the story Diego Lagomarsino gives new details about Nisman 's puzzling death He is also the only person charged in connection with the death
Sanford , Florida  CNN  -- George Zimmerman told his lawyers that he whispered "  punks , " not a racial slur , in the moments before he shot Trayvon Martin , his attorneys told CNN on Thursday . Some people interpreted the police recording of Zimmerman 's call to 911 as evidence the fatal shooting was racially motivated . Zimmerman attorneys Hal Ulrig and Craig Sonner told CNN their client told them that he said , "  F -- ing punks . " Forensic audio expert Tom Owen , who analyzed 911 recordings , agreed the garbled word that raised controversy was "  punks , " not the racial slur some people said they heard When Owen , chairman emeritus of the American Board of Recorded Evidence , used a computer application to remove cell phone interference , the word became clearer , he said . After discussions with linguists , he said he became convinced that Zimmerman said "  punks . " He provided CNN with a copy of the newly processed audio . CNN also enhanced the sound of the 911 call , and several members of CNN 's editorial staff repeatedly reviewed the tape but could reach no consensus on whether Zimmerman used a slur . Martin 's family and supporters say Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , profiled Martin , who was black , as "  suspicious " and ignored a police dispatcher 's request not to follow him . Martin did not live in Sanford , Florida , but he was there with his father , whose fiancee lives in Zimmerman 's neighborhood . Zimmerman , 28 , fatally shot Martin , 17 , on February 26 . The case has triggered a nationwide debate about Florida 's "  Stand Your Ground " law , race and racial profiling . While Zimmerman 's attorneys may welcome Owen 's analysis of their client 's 911 call , they disagree with his conclusions about what is heard on another 911 recording . Zimmerman has said he was yelling for help , according to his family members and his account to authorities , as first reported by The Orlando Sentinel and later confirmed by Sanford police . But Martin 's relatives , including his cousin Ronquavis Fulton , have said they are certain the voice heard on the 911 call is Martin 's . Owen and another audio expert , Ed Primeau , analyzed the recording for the Sentinel using different techniques , and they said they do n't believe it is Zimmerman who is heard yelling in the background of one 911 call . They compared the screams with Zimmerman 's voice , as recorded in a 911 call he made minutes earlier describing a "  suspicious " black male . "  There 's a huge chance that this is not Zimmerman 's voice , " said Primeau , a longtime audio engineer who is listed as an expert in recorded evidence by the American College of Forensic Examiners International . "  After 28 years of doing this , I would put my reputation on the line and say this is not George Zimmerman screaming . " Owen also said he does not believe the screams came from Zimmerman . He does not have a sample of Martin 's voice for comparison , he said . He cited software that is widely used in Europe and has become recently accepted in the United States that examines characteristics such as pitch and the space between spoken words to analyze voices . Using it , he found a 48 % likelihood the voice is Zimmerman 's . At least 60 % is necessary to feel confident that two samples are from the same source , he told CNN on Monday -- meaning it 's unlikely it was Zimmerman who can be heard yelling . The experts , both of whom said they have testified in cases involving audio analysis , stressed that they can not say who was screaming . CNN 's Martin Savidge and Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	Zimmerman said , "  f -- ing punks " in 911 call , his attorneys say Forensic audio expert Tom Owen agrees the word was "  punks , " not a racial slur Owen provided CNN with a copy of the processed audio revealing "  punks " comment Owen also disputes that it was Zimmerman yelling on another 911 recording
CNN  -- Authorities in Virginia are searching for a young pregnant woman , missing since the end of January . "  Bethany Anne Decker , 21 , was last seen on January 29 , 2011 , according to witnesses in the case , including family , " a statement from the Loudoun County Sheriff 's Office said . She is believed to be about five months pregnant and is married to Emile Decker , a member of the U.S. Army National Guard , who is currently serving in Afghanistan . The couple also has a 17-month-old son . "  The family is concerned and so are we , " said Vince DiBenedetto , a sheriff 's spokesman . "  We are in a race against the clock and playing catch-up on a lot of this . " She was last seen January 29 and was reported missing by her family about three weeks later on February 19 "  after repeated attempts to make contact with her . " Decker 's last known address was in Ashburn , about 25 miles northwest of Washington , D.C. . Her car was found at an apartment complex where she lived and was in the process of moving from . DiBenedetto said the vehicle offered no clues to her whereabouts . When her husband , Emile , was home on leave in January , the couple went to Hawaii to visit her father and then stayed with her grandparents in Maryland after they returned , DiBenedetto said . Emile Decker returned to Afghanistan the first week of February and some members of her family saw him off at the airport . Bethany Decker was not there , according to DiBenedetto . Authorities have talked with Emile Decker from Afghanistan via phone and are trying to arrange a video conference with him , DiBenedetto said .	Bethany Decker is believed to be about five months pregnant Her car was found at an apartment she was moving out of Her husband Emile Decker is serving in Afghanistan
CNN  -- There is still much we do n't know about what happened during the crash of Asiana Airlines Flight 214 , in which two people were killed in San Francisco on Saturday . But we do know that of the 305 survivors on board that Boeing 777 , 123 actually walked away from the scene , something that may seem unimaginable if you view the amateur video of the wide-body jet somersaulting while bursting into flames . The city 's fire chief described the survival of so many as "  nothing short of a miracle . " But , although we persist in thinking divine intervention is the only thing that can save a flight in peril , it 's no longer a miracle when even hundreds of passengers survive the worst of accidents . The "  miracle of Toronto " and the "  miracle on the Hudson " are just two examples of recent flight disasters in which everyone on board survived . And the danger of "  miracle " thinking is that it lulls some passengers into not learning more about how best practices can save lives . Are all airline crashes survivable ? Of course not . But the statistics tell the story . In 2001 , the National Transportation Safety Board released an exhaustive study of U.S. airline accidents over a 17-year period and found that 95.7 % of occupants survived . I wrote a book that focused on airline safety , and my research led me to interview dozens of aviation safety experts , including several who work for Boeing in Seattle .  The Asiana flight was on a Boeing 777 .  In recent years , aircraft manufacturers have focused on a multipronged approach to survivability : In addition to accident avoidance , great strides have been made in helping occupants survive the impact , post-crash fires and fumes , and safely evacuate . Boeing experts told me that many of the most significant advancements in safety were developing safer materials for carpeting , seats , and other cabin components . These new materials reduce flammability and toxic fumes during those critical first minutes after a fire starts . Experts also pointed to improved evacuation slides , which historically suffered high failure rates during actual emergencies . But it is n't all about technological advancements ; human factors also play a critical role . And here is where "  miraculous survival " thinking is a danger : It can cause some passengers to not learn more about how best practices -- not miracles -- can save their lives . Even the most frequent fliers may not realize how simple actions can dramatically improve their chances of survival . I 'm not suggesting that flying has to be a white-knuckle , continually vigilant experience . I am suggesting that you not zone out during "  key phases " of the flight , such as takeoff , landing , severe turbulence , and irregular operations . Only 11 % of fatal accidents happened at cruising altitude . Instead , consider the following to enhance your safety : • Listen : You may be a veteran flier -- but that does n't mean you do n't need to pay attention during the preflight instructions . Emergency egress procedures can vary widely , even among similar aircraft types . • Dress smart : Wear comfortable , flat-heeled shoes that wo n't fall off easily . Flip-flops and high heels are the wrong attire for evacuation slides . Avoid highly flammable polyesters and pantyhose ; think cotton and wool . • Seating : Choosing a seat involves many factors , but access to emergency exits may end up being the most important for you . Count the rows to the nearest exit , since you may need to find it under dark or smoky conditions . • Stay buckled : You know that admonition to always stay belted while you 're in your seat ? Do it . Severe turbulence can maim and even kill . • Secure your stuff : Loose items = projectiles . • Drinking/medications/sleeping : During key phases of flight , it 's critical that you remain sharp . Booze and meds can severely impair your ability to follow instructions . • Strapping : The only safe place for a child under 2 years old is in an approved restraint system . Both the National Transportation Safety Board and the Federal Aviation Administration agree on this , though the FAA wo n't mandate that airlines ban children sitting in adults ' laps . Do n't believe that G-forces are for real ? Take another look at the Asiana video ; then imagine holding a child throughout that ordeal . In the years ahead , the airline industry may remember Asiana Flight 214 for another reason . An alarming number of passengers on Saturday took the time to retrieve their luggage -- even bags in the overhead bins , no less -- before evacuating that burning aircraft . Words fail when contemplating how such thoughtless actions threatened so many lives . So let 's add this to the list : Do n't even think about evacuating while carrying anything that is n't alive . Inevitably , some will scoff at learning more about survivability . I 've read scores of armchair experts who assert that no one can walk away from a plane crash . Do n't listen to them -- they can cost you or your loved ones your lives . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William McGee .	William McGee : Seeing survival as a "  miracle " lulls fliers into ignoring safety procedures McGee : Stay alert during takeoff , landing and severe turbulence McGee : Listening , staying buckled , knowing where exits are can save your life He says do n't even think about retrieving luggage while evacuating
CNN  -- The Guatemalan army stole at least 333 children and sold them for adoption in other countries during the Central American nation 's 36-year civil war , a government report has concluded . Around 45,000 people are believed to have disappeared during Guatemala 's civil war , 5,000 of them children . Many of those children ended up in the United States , as well as Sweden , Italy and France , said the report 's author and lead investigator , Marco Tulio Alvarez . In some cases , the report said , parents were killed so the children could be taken and given to government-operated agencies to be adopted abroad . In other instances , the children were abducted without physical harm to the parents . "  This was a great abuse by the state , " Alvarez told CNN on Friday . Investigators started examining records in May 2008 for a period that spanned from 1977-89 , said Alvarez , the director of the Guatemalan Peace Archive , a commission established by President Alvaro Colom . Of 672 records investigators looked at , Alvarez said , they determined that 333 children had been stolen . The children were taken for financial and political reasons , he said . Alvarez acknowledges that many more children possibly were taken . Investigators zeroed in on the 1977-89 period because peak adoptions occurred during that time frame , particularly in 1986 . They will investigate through 1995 and hope to have another report ready by early next year , he said . A presidential ministry has determined that about 45,000 people disappeared during the nation 's civil war , which lasted from 1960 to 1996 . About 5,000 of those were children , the ministry said . Another 200,000 people died in the conflict between the leftist guerrillas and right-wing governments . The nation 's public ministry and attorney general 's office will determine whether anyone is prosecuted over the abductions , Alvarez said . Asked if he would like to see prosecutions , Alvarez answered , "  I hope so . " Alvarez said he has attended several reunions of abducted children -- now adults -- and family members . "  I ca n't tell you how happy that makes me , " he said . Adoption has served as a source of income in Guatemala for decades . The war just made it easier for abuses at the hands of soldiers to occur . Guatemala has the world 's highest per capita rate of adoption and is one of the leading providers of adoptive children for the United States . Nearly one in 100 babies born in Guatemala end up with adoptive parents in the United States , according to the U.S. consulate in Guatemala . Adoptions can cost up to $ 30,000 , providing a large financial incentive in a country where the World Bank says about 75 percent of the people live below the poverty level . Officials fear that often times mothers are paid -- or coerced -- into giving up their children . Some unscrupulous lawyers and notaries , who have greater power in Guatemala than they do in the United States , have taken advantage of the extreme poverty and limited government oversight over adoptions to enrich themselves . Alvarez said corrupt lawyers and notaries were the driving force behind many of the army abductions of children . The problem is confounded because many Guatemalan parents ca n't provide for their children . The United Nations ' World Food Programme says Guatemala has the fourth highest rate of chronic malnutrition in the world and the highest in Latin America and the Caribbean . Chronic undernutrition affects about half of the nation 's children under the age of 5 , the U.N. agency said . Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom Caballeros declared a state of national calamity this week because so many citizens do not have food or proper nutrition . Despite the nation 's problems , Alvarez hopes some good will come of the report , which was released Thursday . "  We have to tell the truth about what happened , " he said . "  Guatemalan society must know what happened and must never allow it to happen again . " CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this report	Children stolen for adoption in the U.S. , Sweden , Italy and France , report says Some parents were killed , others were unharmed when soldiers came calling Investigators examined period between 1977 and 1989 , ` peak ' adoption period Reports says many more could have been taken , investigation underway
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's three children will use their father 's shoes and sequined glove to make handprint and footprint impressions in the concrete in front of Hollywood 's renowned Grauman 's Chinese Theatre this month , Jackson 's estate announced Thursday . The January 26 ceremony is part of the promotion for the Los Angeles debut of Cirque du Soleil 's "  Michael Jackson THE IMMORTAL World Tour . " Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson have been more public in recent months , a contrast to their lives before their father 's 2009 death when they were shielded from public view . The children attended the premiere of the traveling Cirque du Soleil show with their grandmother , Katherine Jackson , in October . The "  Immortal " show is touring the United States and Canada through this year before taking up residency in Las Vegas . Show biz legends who left their handprints and footprints in Grauman 's concrete courtyard on Hollywood Boulevard include Fred Astaire , Elizabeth Taylor , Judy Garland , Marilyn Monroe , Sidney Poitier , Clark Gable and Mary Pickford . The tradition started in 1928 , just a year after the historic theater opened . Michael Jackson 's Hollywood Walk of Fame star is on the sidewalk in front of the theater .	Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson to take part in January 26 ceremony It promotes Cirque du Soleil 's "  Michael Jackson THE IMMORTAL World Tour " Fred Astaire , Elizabeth Taylor , Judy Garland also immortalized at Grauman 's Chinese Theatre Michael Jackson 's Hollywood Walk of Fame star is in front of Grauman 's
CNN  -- Two Virginia day care workers have been fired after photos of children in their care showed up on Instagram -- along with comments making fun of them . "  He is thinking cuz sure ca n't talk , " one day care manager from Heavenly Haven Learning Center 2 wrote , according to CNN affiliate WAVY . The 2-year-old child the worker was referring to has delayed speech development , and is pictured sitting in a high chair , looking dejected . Melissa Jordan says the photo shows her son , Ethan . Speaking Tuesday to CNN 's "  New Day , " she had a message for the day care workers : "  If you do n't genuinely love and care for children , and if it 's not a passion of yours , this is n't something that you should be involved in . If you think it 's funny that a child is delayed or if they 're not perfect or they have shortcomings , if that 's a joke to you or something that you think you should tease about , that 's not a job for you . " "  That 's how bullying starts . That 's how children become bullies " and insecure , she added . The photo was posted by @mz_oneofakind -- later identified as Jena Ferrel , who worked at the center , WAVY reported . Ferrel would not speak to the station on camera . "  I 'm sick of this s *** !!! " she wrote in a caption . Ethan was n't the only child publicized . The user @mz_oneofakind also posted a photo of a boy whose protruding front teeth she compared to those of Mater from the movie "  Cars . " The @mz_oneofakind account has been taken down . Heavenly Haven 's operator said the two employees violated the day care 's privacy policy . The center has also apologized to Jordan . The Virginia Department of Social Services is investigating the incident . Asked how she would feel if the workers involved said it was a misunderstanding and that they were just trying to be funny , Jordan told CNN , "  maybe I would be a little bit more understanding , like OK , it was an inappropriate joke . " There 's no excuse , "  but at least I can understand a human error , " she said . "  But that has n't even happened . " "  At my house we do n't make fun of each other for our shortcomings , things that are out of our control , " she said . "  Things that we need extra help with , we do n't tease each other about . "	NEW : "  That 's how bullying starts , " one mother says of the day care workers ' actions "  He is thinking cuz sure ca n't talk , " one employee wrote of a boy with delayed speech State 's department of social services is investigating A Heavenly Haven Learning Center 2 The day care center apologized to the boy 's mother
CNN  -- Four months ago Raya Al Habsi did n't know how to swim and was a complete sailing novice . Yet Al Habsi is set to become one of the first professional women sailors in the sultanate of Oman . Al Habsi is one of 30 women being trained as part of a scheme to create a new generation of female sailors and boost the country 's Olympic chances . The women were chosen in July to take part in the program -- which started in October -- and will see them qualify as sailing instructors after an intensive six-month training course . For Al Habsi , it has been a life-changing event . "  I did n't know anything about sailing , just what I have watched on TV , " she says . "  I was a complete beginner . " "  What I enjoy the most is how every single day we learn something new . It is a breath of fresh air ... Oman is such a great place to sail . And I absolutely love racing with my colleagues . " An insight into the extreme series Before winning a place on the programme , Al Habsi had recently graduated from a degree in business management . But she was looking for a change and for a career that was unique . She says she found that in the Oman Sail program for women . "  Life has changed a lot since I joined , " says Al Habsi . "  We start the day laughing and singing and having lots of fun in the bus on our way to sailing school . "  Our daily work schedule differs on a weekly basis .  It  includes theory and practical lessons that help the development of our personal and professional skills . " It 's a pioneering project in Oman , where women have only been able to work since the mid-1990s . Women are now being encouraged by the country 's ruler , Sultan Qaboos bin Said , to engage in a range of areas , such as politics and now sailing . Since launching three years ago , Oman Sail has taken nearly 6,000 Omani children sailing , over half of whom have been girls . Young women were recruited into its sailing centers at Mussanah and Marina Bandar Al Rowdha in July , where they underwent training . Al Habsi says , "  We continue the day in developing our fitness levels by swimming , kayaking and , of course , sailing . Sometimes I feel like I 'm on a trip with my colleagues . I do not feel tired or bored after a long day of work . " "  We have  been  allowed a golden opportunity for women to go into this field of sailing , " she says . "  A new challenging field has been introduced for women to take upon the challenge of sailing and represent their country in international venues . " Double Olympic sailing gold medalist and CNN Mainsail host Shirley Robertson is a mentor on the program . "  When I first went to the marina in July some of these girls did n't know how to swim . "  Some had only seen the sea a few times in their lives . We saw girls sail before but it was hard to retain them in the sport as they grew older because there were no women instructors . " Considering that many of these women had little experience prior to starting the program , the experience has not been without trials . Robertson adds , "  The journey is amazing . They do n't just have to learn to sail . Some have to learn to swim first . At the beginning their fitness levels were low and after the first few weeks they were wrecked ... But these girls are thirsty for knowledge . " Robertson explains that is was an ambitious project that intrigued her from the beginning but she was unsure at first if the organizers would be able to pull it off . "  Oman Sail had to build a pathway and the building blocks had to be laid down right ... But they got stuck in . The project has been blessed by the Sultan and Oman Sail has a good reputation in the country so family members feel more comfortable allowing girls to being involved . " The fact that the project has received a royal blessing is extremely important in the sultanate of Oman . Qaboos bin Said is widely recognized as a reformer in a region where women 's rights have traditionally been overlooked . Since coming to power , he has pushed for gender equality in many sectors including politics and education . Al Habsi points out , "  His Majesty Sultan Qaboos bin Said has always emphasized on giving opportunities for Omani women to work in all possible fields shoulder-to-shoulder with their male colleagues . " Robertson adds , "  Things in Oman are changing . The Sultan embraces women . There 's equal education and an Omani Women 's Day which was an initiative of the Sultan . " And while the government has been pushing for an integration of genders , families also need to agree with the project or it is doomed to fail . The family unit is an important institution of many nations like Oman . Robertson says , "  Families are brave to have the love , support and trust to let the women do this . If it 's going to work , the whole family has to buy in , especially the men . Jill Reilly contributed to this report	Oman has launched a women 's sailing program to create a new generation of female sailors The program is seen as an important step in the region for female empowerment Oman has a history of maritime successes and organizers hope to continue this strong tradition
Paris  CNN  -- Dressed in a wet suit , air tanks strapped to his back , poised to head overboard is an image of Jacques Cousteau most people would recognize . It was a routine the French explorer and conservationist repeated over and over again , hundreds , perhaps thousands of times over his long and adventure-filled life . But less known was that Cousteau was an inventive genius . "  I remember most that he was enchanted with ideas ... He was almost like a little child , but he was the most creative and imaginative person I 've ever met , " says Susan Schiefelbein , a close collaborator with Cousteau for more than two decades who also helped him write his autobiography . "  He made connections that other people were slow to make . A scientist who would be involved and have a passion in his work could go to Cousteau and say ` A , B ' and Cousteau could skip to ` Q ' and understand immediately the intermediary steps , " she said . The Frenchman practically invented scuba diving when he developed the regulator valve that made possible breathing air from tanks underwater . Apart from his scuba equipment , which he called an "  aqua lung , " Cousteau was perhaps best known for his underwater photography . His stunning documentaries produced for television and cinema had their origins in the adventurer 's childhood curiosity . "  He was fascinated by film from the time he was a little child -- he actually pinched chemicals from his grandfather 's pharmacy and taught himself how to develop films and he made movies of himself and his friends , " Schiefelbein said . Cousteau 's original ambitions were to forge a naval and aviation career , attending the naval academy in Brest . But a serious car accident in which he broke both his arms ended any dreams of becoming a pilot . "  He was strengthening himself by swimming and he became a naval explorer kind of by default , " Schiefelbein says . If he came to diving by accident , it was a fortunate accident indeed . It led Cousteau to a lifelong search to find out what lies beneath the surface of the world 's oceans . Cousteau 's endless curiosity led him to explore ever more remote , ever deeper waters . But he needed something to help withstand high water pressures and capable of maneuvering silently like a diver without disturbing the aquatic life around it . Submarines could n't work because of the turbulence and danger of their propellers . Nothing like he had in mind existed , so Cousteau invented it . "  He had the idea for it at lunch . He pulled out a saucer from under a coffee cup and then put another one on top and he said ` something like this , ' and in two weeks he had scientists working on the idea , " Schiefelbein said . With the help of Jean Mollard from the French Center for Undersea Research , Cousteau created the "  diving saucer , " or the SP-350 as it was formally known -- a two-man submarine which could dive to depths of 350 meters for several hours at a time . He very often insisted on testing his new devices and techniques himself , frequently risking his own life in the process . "  Here was a man who took these devices down enormous depths , not having any idea of what would happen and he had to find out for himself . So it was really trial and error in a very dangerous sense . And he always survived , " Schiefelbein said . But the French explorer 's vision was not limited to the world of diving . He saw the need to take on broader issues especially those concerning the environment and the seas . In the 1960s , he campaigned to stop underwater dumping of nuclear waste in the Mediterranean Sea and helped restrict commercial whaling in the 1980s , doing his bit to protect the world he so enjoyed exploring . "  If somebody said : ` what do you expect to see at the bottom of the Romanche Trench ? ' -- which they were the first to photograph -- he would say : ` If I knew what I expected to see why would I go ? Why would I even look ? ' So it was ` allez voir , ' " Schiefelbein says . "  Allez voir "  "  go see "  was advice that Cousteau himself followed right until the end .	Jacques Cousteau allied an inventive genius to his exploring and photography skills Cousteau collaborator , Susan Schiefelbein remembers the Frenchman 's contributions to marine exploration Cousteau helped design the "  diving saucer " which helped further knowledge of ocean depths Explorer also campaigned to stop nuclear waste being dumped in the Mediterranean Sea in 1960s
CNN  -- Elmore Leonard -- the award-winning mystery writer whose snappy dialogue , misfit characters and laconic sense of humor produced such popular works as "  Get Shorty , " "  Hombre , " "  Fifty-Two Pickup " and "  Out of Sight " -- has died , according to his literary agent , Jeffrey Posternak . He was 87 . The cause of death was not given , but Leonard had suffered a stroke two weeks ago . According to his website , the author died at his home in Bloomfield Village , Michigan . Leonard 's succinct writing style -- he favored brief exchanges of dialogue leavened with wit and a keen sense of person and place -- made him a favorite of Hollywood , which turned several Leonard novels and stories into films and TV programs .  The newest Leonard adaptation , the film "  Life of Crime , " based on his novel "  The Switch , " will premiere at the Toronto Film Festival next month . He was also incredibly prolific . At the time of his death , he was at work on his 46th novel . Grit on wry : A dinner with Elmore and Peter Leonard His style went down easy but could be hard to imitate . The writers on the TV show "  Justified , " based on a Leonard character , wore wristbands with the initials "  WWED " stamped on them , for "  What Would Elmore Do ? " Informed of this , he described it as "  flattering . " "  I have a picture of all them and they 're at their desk and they all have a different book of mine and each one is reading to get my sound , " he told CNN last year . "  That 's very flattering , I 'll tell you . " Leonard was born in New Orleans but raised in Michigan , where his father worked for General Motors . After college , Leonard went to work for a local advertising agency , where he spent his days writing copy about cars and trucks . His nights , however , were devoted to his own work : mainly westerns in the 1950s . Two of his stories , "  Three-Ten to Yuma " and "  The Captives , " were turned into movies . But Leonard kept his advertising job until 1961 , rising at 5 a.m. to write before heading off to work . Despite his output -- and more movies , including "  Hombre " with Paul Newman -- he said he did n't find his style until reading George V. Higgins ' classic 1970 crime novel , "  The Friends of Eddie Coyle . " Higgins ' book , which was turned into a 1973 movie , was almost all dialogue , much of it profane . "  I read it and I changed my style somewhat , " he told CNN . "  Just somewhat . I started to use expletives where they belonged . I started to open my scenes with dialogue . Higgins set me free . " He also spent time with Detroit homicide detectives , where he continued to hone his ear . Leonard made his mark on film All this came just in time . He 'd written one crime novel , "  The Big Bounce , " in 1966 . Despite Leonard 's bona fides , it was rejected 84 times and did n't see the light of day until being made into a 1969 movie . The new style gave his books new life -- and new fans . When the movies wanted crime stories with offbeat characters and settings , they knew to turn to Leonard . "  Get Shorty " was made into a 1995 film starring John Travolta and Gene Hackman ; "  Rum Punch , " a 1992 novel , was turned into Quentin Tarantino 's 1997 film "  Jackie Brown . " "  Out of Sight , " which was made into a 1999 Steven Soderbergh film , helped rejuvenate George Clooney 's movie career . In Leonard 's stories , characters move from scene to scene , cracking wise while they do stupid , violent things . He thinks most crooks are dumb , and that dumb is funny . He likes a good caper and the violence seems to be almost incidental , more like an occupational hazard . The plots feature clever twists ; the narrative style is so spare it reads like haiku . The simple beauty of it all can put a bullet through your heart . He created some of popular fiction 's most memorable tough guys : trigger-happy federal marshal Raylan Givens , streetwise Hollywood wannabe Chili Palmer and smooth talking bank robber Jack Foley . A look inside Leonard 's 45th novel , ` Raylan ' In recent years , literary types took notice . Last year , the National Book Foundation awarded Leonard the 2012 Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters in recognition of his fiction . "  For over five decades , Leonard 's westerns , crime novels , serialized novels , and stories have enthralled generations of readers , " the foundation said in a statement . Leonard also received an Edgar Grand Master honor from the Mystery Writers of America and a Peabody Award , among other distinctions . But to Leonard , writing was just what he did . "  I do n't have a trade , " he told CNN . "  I do n't teach or anything . I just love to make up characters and gradually build up a story around them . " For example , he said , the "  Out of Sight " character Karen Sisco , later the lead of a TV series , was inspired by a newspaper photograph of a shotgun-toting Miami marshal . He also worked hard . Writing is rewriting , the old saying goes , and Leonard -- who wrote first drafts by hand -- would do three pages to get "  one clean , typed page with every word in place . " The key , he said , was to know when to stop . Wise advice from the man who wrote a book called "  10 Rules of Writing . " "  I do n't want it to sound like writing , " he said . "  Leave out the parts people tend to skip . " People we 've lost in 2013 CNN 's Ann O'Neill and Christian DuChateau contributed to this report	Elmore Leonard mastered snappy dialogue and clever plots He has racked up many awards and won widespread praise for his work Before he embarked on crime writing , he wrote westerns
CNN  -- In sport , finishing fourth rarely provokes scenes of rapture , nor does it excite the keyboards of headline writers . But for Vegalta Sendai who finished in that position in last season 's J-League -- Japan 's top soccer competition - fourth place was truly a miracle . The Japanese soccer club has rarely tasted glory in its short history . Despite having a small but vociferous fan base , the team is better know as perennial nearly-men ; forever stuck in Japan 's second division as promotion to the big league eluded them season after season . Yet in March last year Vegalta Sendai was looking forward with optimism to a rare season in Japan 's top flight . On March 11 those dreams turned to rubble . When a 9.0 magnitude earthquake and devastating tsunami hit Japan 's Tohoku region , the city of Sendai was one of the hardest hit . Tens of thousands of people from the area were killed or remain unaccounted for . Every aspect of life was affected and the city 's beloved soccer club -- majority owned by the city and the Miyagi prefecture - was no different . The team 's stadium was declared to be "  in ruins " by J-League chairman Kazumi Ohigashi , its training ground destroyed . Vegalta 's foreign players , so traumatized by what they saw , canceled their contracts and returned home . The players that remained helped in the clean up operation and ran soccer camps for the orphans . The league was suspended . "  Immediately after the earthquake and tsunami we , as a team , wondered if we should , and could , continue to play soccer , " said the team 's coach , Makoto Teguramori . But it was controversially decided that the J-League would continue . The club was homeless and its fans traumatized but Teguramori believed that Vegalta Sendai could "  be the symbol of hope for the entire Tohoku region and to lead and encourage the reconstruction efforts with our strong performance . " Which is exactly what happened . Despite only ever being a minor footnote in Japan 's soccer history , Vegalta Sendai went on an incredible 11 game unbeaten run and sat at the top of the league table . Before their first match of the restarted season against Kawasaki Frontale the fans displayed a banner that read : "  Thank you for all -LSB- our -RSB- friends . We do not lose until we regain a hometown . " By the time the team did eventually lose for the first time , Vegalta Sendai had been good to their word . Not only did they beat Kawasaki Frontale 2-1 in dramatic fashion that day , the stadium was quickly rebuilt and the team returned for the rest of the season . "  Everyone who follows the J league was shocked by Sendai 's performance . I met so many people who were encouraged by Vegalta . At the same time , they , fans and players , know that to keep on keeping on is important , " explained Koji Takao , a writer for Japan 's leading Weekly Soccer magazine . "  The people in Sendai started a rush constructing job on the stadium . Although there was some serious damage after March 11 they could host a game against Urawa on April 29 . So the speed of reconstruction of the stadium was very fast . " Not everyone could watch Vegalta 's matches though . "  People in Tohoku still could n't watch that game as there was no electricity , " he added After losing for the first time in June many in Japan assumed that Vegalta would then plummet like a stone . But after a brief drop in form the team went on another 11 game unbeaten run that only ended last November . "  To have one good run is difficult to do under the circumstances , " said Takao . "  To have another good run and bounce back to the top table of the J-league made people in Sendai and Tohoku proud . " In the end , Vegalta Sendai 's fairytale dream of winning their first ever J-League championship was a bridge too far . But their fourth placed finish represented their best ever season . The 2012 J-League season began last Saturday , the day before the anniversary of the earthquake and tsunami . Vegalta Sendai started as they ended last season with a 1-0 win against Kashima Antlers . But like the Japanese women 's national team , who famously won the World Cup last June by beating the U.S. in the final , Vegalta Sendai 's performances on the pitch resonated far outside soccer . "  What Vegalta and Nadeshiko Japan -LSB- Japan 's women 's national soccer team -RSB- show is how not to give up , " said Takao . "  That 's why Japanese people cheered for the team . But that cheer was probably not only for the team . It was also for ourselves and the people who suffered . "	Japanese football team Vegalta Sendai had best ever season last year Finished fourth in Japan 's J-League Team 's stadium was ruined by last year 's earthquake Team inspired to go on two 11 match unbeaten runs
CNN  -- Think women do n't do science ? Think again . Leading Women will be holding a Twitter chat today October 9 , at 5pm GMT/12pm EST -- and we want you to get involved . We 'll be asking ` How can we get girls into STEM ? ' and featuring : Milka Duno  @MilkaDuno  , Venezuelan racing car driving and qualified naval engineer . Regina Agyare  @ragyare  , Ghanaian software developer and founder of Soronko Solutions . Rebecca Garcia  @geekgirlweb  , co-founder of CoderDojo NYC , a non-profit that teaches youth to code . Want to participate ? Head to @CNNIwomen on Thursday October 9 at 5pm GMT/12pm EST and look for #CNNWomen #IDG14 . Do n't forget to use the hashtag #CNNWomen so we can see your messages . STEM month This month on CNN.com International , we 'll be celebrating the women and girls who rock STEM : Science , Technology , Engineering and Math . The very special Leading Women event is part of our coverage of International Day of the Girl  October 11  and Ada Lovelace Day  October 14  .	How do we get girls into science , tech , engineering and math ? Join our Twitter chat with experts on Oct 9 at 5pm GMT Send in photos of girls rocking science , best featured on site
ST. BERNARD PARISH , Louisiana  CNN  -- "  We were a normal red-blooded American family , " recalls Rudy Aguilar . "  And ... it took -LSB- one day -RSB- to wipe us out . " Liz McCartney moved to St. Bernard Parish to help residents rebuild their homes after Katrina . A lifelong resident of St. Bernard Parish , a community just east of New Orleans , Aguilar lost everything during Hurricane Katrina in August 2005 . Nearly three years later , like many in his area , Aguilar is still struggling to get back on his feet . But now he has help . From her home 1,000 miles away in Washington , Liz McCartney was haunted by images of the storm 's destruction and stories of people like Aguilar . In February 2006 , she and her boyfriend , Zack Rosenburg , went to New Orleans to volunteer . The experience changed their lives -- so much that they quit their jobs and moved to St. Bernard Parish . Now they 're dedicated to helping people rebuild and move back into their homes . Watch McCartney describe how the St. Bernard Project is rebuilding homes " McCartney said that when she first arrived in St. Bernard Parish , she was stunned . "  We just wanted to pitch in and help out , " McCartney , now 35 , recalls . "  I naively thought that six months later , you 'd see all kinds of progress . -LSB- But it -RSB- looked like the storm had just rolled through . " St. Bernard Parish was once home to 67,000 residents , but Katrina left nearly all of the area 's homes uninhabitable . As McCartney got to know the locals , she was reminded of her parents and grandparents . "  These were people who worked their whole lives , put their kids through college , and had never had to receive -LSB- help -RSB- before , " she says . That 's when she decided to do more to help the community recover . By June 2006 , the couple had left Washington and moved to St. Bernard Parish . Neither knew anything about construction , but both felt they could use their experience raising money and organizing volunteers to help with the rebuilding effort . Local residents , touched by the couple 's leap of faith , taught them basic construction . Within two months , McCartney and Rosenburg opened the nonprofit St. Bernard Project , which focuses on helping those they consider most in need -- senior citizens and families with children . The formula is straightforward : With donations , volunteers and skilled supervisors , homes get rebuilt -- and people move home . "  It 's not rocket science , " McCartney says . "  The problems in this community are widespread , but the solutions are really simple . " Yet this simple equation yields impressive results . The St. Bernard Project can transform a gutted house into a livable home in just eight to 12 weeks for an average cost of $ 12,000 . For residents like Aguilar , the St. Bernard Project has been a lifesaver . In the years since Katrina , he lost his job and struggled with health problems . "  I was so beaten down , " he says . "  I was gon na blow myself away . " When the Saint Bernard Project agreed to rebuild his home , the relief he felt was palpable . "  They saved my life . " Watch Aguilar describe his own Katrina experience " To date , more than 6,000 volunteers have worked with the St. Bernard Project , enabling more than 120 families to move back into their homes . McCartney says every house her group rebuilds has an impact on the community as a whole . "  Once you get one family back , other families are willing to come back as well , " she says . "  There 's a very nice ripple effect . " McCartney and Rosenburg plan to keep working until all the homes in St. Bernard Parish are rebuilt . "  We 're here until we work ourselves out of a job , " she says . Watch McCartney describe her turning point while volunteering in New Orleans " For Aguilar , McCartney is n't just rebuilding homes -- she 's restoring a sense of hope to the community . "  Little by little , one house at a time , we 'll be back , " he says . "  I feel it . I know it . "	Katrina left St. Bernard Parish , once home to 67,000 , virtually uninhabitable Liz McCartney moved from Washington to New Orleans to help rebuild homes She and her boyfriend started St. Bernard Project , focusing on seniors , families
CNN  It was a masterful performance . I watched in awe on Thursday as cardiothoracic surgeon and celebrity talk show host Mehmet Oz surfed a gargantuan wave of criticism to shore . I should have expected that Dr. Oz would keep standing in the face of charges from a group of colleagues that he pushed "  quack treatments ... for personal financial gain . " And thanks to the ineptitude of his critics this round , he may have actually boosted his media empire . But he 's increasingly serving himself at a cost to Columbia University and New York Presbyterian Hospital . If Dr. Oz was ever going to go down , surely his ship would 've sunk last summer in the wake of his disastrous testimony before a Senate subcommittee . He was ostensibly invited to speak as an expert witness about bogus weight loss products , But Sen. Claire McCaskill , chairwoman of the Senate 's Consumer Protection Panel , instead made him her chief example of the kind of snake oil salesmen that keep hoodwinking consumers into thinking there 's a quick fix for their expanding waistlines . John Oliver subsequently eviscerated Oz on his hit HBO show "  Last Week Tonight . " In a segment that 's now garnered over 6 million YouTube views , Oliver makes quick work of Oz 's claims about "  magic " green coffee beans , a product that 's now earned a $ 9 million FTC fine for its false marketing claims . Despite his utter humiliation , Dr. Oz soldiered on , with his university and hospital continuing to stand by him , and with Harpo Productions and Sony , who co-produce "  The Dr. Oz Show , " fully behind his program . If the U.S. Senate could n't bring him down , what made this particular collection of 10 doctors think they could do it with their recent letter to Columbia University , where Dr. Oz holds a tenured professorship and administrative position in the Department of Surgery and performs his duties at Columbia-affiliated New York Presbyterian Hospital ? The doctors insisted that the university must disassociate itself from Dr. Oz for his now well-established tendency to promote cure-alls more befitting 1915 than 2015 . Turnabout is fair play . And Oz and his producers responded with alacrity , slicing and dicing his ill-prepared challengers with an investigative segment that would 've made "  Dateline " proud . He and his team score points with me for pointing out the media 's own failings in delightedly circulating the letter without looking into the backgrounds of anyone involved . It 's a simple matter to question ulterior motives when the letter itself takes pains to highlight Oz 's critical attitude toward GMO foods , not one of his greatest indiscretions by a long shot . Dr. Oz after all has conducted experiments on his TV audience , apparently in violation of the rules of his own academic medical center . He has a propensity to spout laughably definitive statements with little to no scientific support , such as his advice that "  every kid in America ought to be on Omega-3 fatty acids and Vitamin D from either the sun or a pill " because this regimen will help them withstand concussions . Instead of mounting a defense of the indefensible claims he delivers so easily and often , Dr. Oz routed his critics by quickly pivoting to the undercurrents of their letter . He correctly pointed out that several of the letter 's signatories are GMO industry shills . One of the writers campaigned against a California proposition requiring GMO labeling , and one of the bunch even served time for felony Medicaid fraud . These characters never stood a chance in tipping the scales against Dr. Oz , but they got their headlines nonetheless . Dr. Oz was able to transition their critique of his apparent disregard for science on his program into an easily vanquished attack on his straightforward stand for consumers ' right to accurate product labeling . When my wife first brought the letter to my attention , I immediately wanted to know whether these were Columbia physicians . This whole affair would 've played out quite differently if a slate of credible colleagues based at his own institution were coming out against Dr. Oz . So far they 've made no demand for his resignation , though some colleagues made their discomfort public in an op-ed for USAToday last week . Dr. Oz is well-aware that some colleagues question him , discussing that tension in his Time magazine op-ed . He says he does n't expect all physicians to understand his approach to health promotion , where he 's willing to entertain just about everything , even seances . The closed , physician-only social network Sermo issued Dr. Oz numerous questions from its membership , none of which Dr. Oz answered . They are revelatory of physician attitudes toward him nonetheless . One doc asked Dr. Oz how he could keep up with the fast-changing world of cardiothoracic surgery and carry on with his show every weekday . Another asked him how he knows so much about so many areas of medicine -- "  Ru board certified n all these areas ? " . Both types of questions show the profound disconnect between most physicians , who tend not to speak unless they are certain in their expertise on a topic , and the way the media industry works . Dr. Oz 's show does n't require he stay up late at night prepping for the next day -- he has an office full of production staff behind him . Let 's take it as a given that not every physician across America , or at Columbia , has to agree with what Dr. Oz says on his program . I certainly do n't . Does he have the right to say it ? Yes , but not without challenge . A real case can be made that Dr. Oz has used his media megaphone to do harm as well as good . He is now a polarizing figure , and while Columbia University should be lauded for protecting the free speech of its academic staff , the equation with Dr. Oz is becoming increasingly complex . He 's no longer simply good PR for the University and New York Presbyterian Hospital , which is often featured in his show . The letter writers were correct about one thing : Columbia 's reputation is now linked with the Big Kahuna standing right out in front .	Ford Vox : When celeb doc Mehmet Oz slammed by doctors for ` quack ' medicine , he hit back , but their complaint has some basis He says Oz scorned by some in medical community , at Senate hearing ; comics joke about him . He serves himself at cost to his hospital
CNN  -- President Barack Obama is seriously considering withdrawing all U.S. troops from Afghanistan in 2014 , a senior administration official told CNN . The official 's comments came after The New York Times reported the administration was looking at speeding up the troop withdrawal to the "  zero option , " leaving no U.S. troops in Afghanistan . Until now , U.S. and Afghan officials had been discussing plans to keep a small force behind to fight insurgents and to train Afghan security personnel . But Obama has , in recent months , grown increasingly frustrated in dealing with Afghan President Hamid Karzai . Their relationship soured further last month after the United States and the Taliban planned peace talks . In response , Karzai cut off negotiations with the United States on the residual troop presence post-2014 . A "  zero option " has always been among the scenarios the United States envisioned . But the new revelation means that it could be a very possible one now . Pentagon spokesman George Little said Tuesday that Obama has not made a decision on U.S. troop levels in Afghanistan beyond 2014 . "  We are continuing discussions " with Afghanistan about carrying out post-combat missions , Little said . "  We continue to work through issues , " he said , adding , "  We believe we can work through them . " If the United States pulls out all its troops , it will be a situation similar to that in Iraq . The refusal by the Iraqi government to extend legal protections for U.S. troops after the end of the war in Iraq was a major reason the United States left the country with no residual military training force . Karzai has said he would like for U.S. troops to remain after the end of the NATO mission . But he also has been highly critical of the troops over the years , following incidents in which U.S. forces have killed civilians . CNN 's Adam Levine contributed to this report .	NEW : Pentagon spokesman : U.S. believes it can work through issues with Afghanistan Obama has grown increasingly frustrated in dealing with Afghan President Hamid Karzai Until now , officials had been discussing plans to keep a small force in the country If the U.S. pulls out all troops , it 'll be a situation similar to that in Iraq
CNN  -- Sprint-king Usain Bolt showed he could again prove dominant in the sprint distances by running the fastest 100-meters of the year in Daegu , Korea on Wednesday . The Jamaican , who is world and Olympic champion -- as well as world record holder -- in both the 100m and 200m recovered from a slow start to power to an explosive time of 9.86 seconds . Compatriot Michael Frater was almost three-tenths of a second slower in 10.15 seconds , while American Mike Rodgers finished in third place . New American hope Travis Padgett , who many believe can run Bolt close this season , trailed home in a disappointing fifth position . Bolt will next race in the 200m in Sunday 's Diamond League meeting in Shanghai , China .	Usain Bolt runs the fastest 100-meters of 2010 in a meeting in Daegu , Korea The Jamaican world and Olympic champion clocks a time of 9.86 seconds Bolt will next race in the 200m in Sunday 's Diamond League meeting in Shanghai , China
CNN  -- North Korea 's National Defense Commission has penned a letter to South Koreans saying it is determined "  to create an atmosphere of reconciliation and unity , " the isolated nation 's state news agency reported . But South Korea says it wants to see action not words from North Korean leader Kim Jong Un 's regime . In the letter , the North 's defense commission vowed to work to "  completely halt hostile military acts , realize the reunion of separated families and relatives , ... and re-energize multi-faceted north-south cooperation and exchanges . " There was , however , a catch . The North Korean officials ' peace proposals come with a request to halt upcoming U.S.-South Korean military drills and a reiteration of Pyongyang 's claim to its own "  precious nuclear force for self-defense . " A call last week by North Korea about the annual joint military exercises next month was swiftly dismissed by Seoul and Washington . The open missive this week was carried by KCNA , which for years has featured reports deriding South Korea and its longtime ally , the United States . It touts the proposal by North Korean authorities last week that signals "  the steadfast will of its army and people to improve the North-South relations by concerted efforts of the two sides , not asking about all inglorious happenings in the past . " "  The North-South relations will be improved on a solid basis only when both sides take realistic measures to prevent impending nuclear disasters with concerted efforts of the Korean nation , " the commission wrote in a letter reportedly written Thursday and put out the next day . But South Korean Unification Ministry spokesman Kim Eui-do said later Friday that if the North is sincere about improving ties , it "  must show action " that South Korean citizens and the international community can accept . That notably includes North Korea showing how it will take steps to dismantle its controversial nuclear program and making efforts to resolve humanitarian issues , like the reunions of families separated by the Korean War . Hard to read Many in Seoul and elsewhere have long been wary of Pyongyang 's motives and intentions . South Korean President Park Geun-hye told CNN 's Paula Hancocks earlier this month that she feels it is now especially hard to make sense of what 's happening or will happen next inside North Korea . She referenced the recent unforeseen execution of Kim Jong Un 's uncle and perceived protector , Jang Song Thaek , as proof . "  North Korea has always been very unpredictable , but the level of unpredictability has , in fact ,  been  exacerbated , " Park said . "  I 'm concerned about deepening volatility . " North Korea 's latest letter touches on many of the same points , and highlights similar proposals , to a statement addressed to South Korean authorities last week . The two statements are among the more conciliatory and less combative communications from Pyongyang in recent years . In his New Year 's address earlier this month , Kim Jong Un called for better relations with the South . Tensions last year The relationship between Seoul and Pyongyang became particularly strained last year as North Korea hurled dramatic threats against South Korea and the United States . Pyongyang has continued to develop its nuclear and long-range missile programs despite widespread international opposition . Early last year , tensions simmered near the boiling point : North Korea 's army declared the armistice ending the 1950 to 1953 armed conflict to be invalid on March 11 , and a few weeks later , state news reported that Pyongyang had entered a "  state of war " and threatened to "  dissolve " the U.S. mainland . "  Any issues regarding North and South will be treated in accordance to the state of war , " North Korea 's government said in a special statement carried by KCNA . The tensions have since eased somewhat and Pyongyang and Seoul have resumed dialogue on a certain number of issues , including their joint industrial zone that sits on the North 's side of the border . Dispute over drills In last week 's statement , a North Korean government spokesman conveyed Kim Jong Un 's "  sincere stand to ease tension and ensure peace " while also slamming "  ill-boding , provocative remarks ... from South Korea " as well as "  powder-reeking war exercises " involving the United States . "  The recent announcement of the huge DPRK-targeted war drills by the U.S. and puppet warmongers is a total denial of the improvement of the North-South ties and dialogue and is little short of the declaration of a total nuclear stand-off , " said the spokesman . North Korea has in previous years called for the cancellation of the annual joint military exercises between South Korea and the United States , but without success . The drills appeared to be a key cause of Pyongyang 's threatening rhetoric last year . The United States reiterated Thursday that it wo n't call off the drills with South Korea , which start next month . "  We do n't plan to stop the exercises , " Adm. Samuel Locklear III , head of the U.S. Pacific Command , told reporters . "  The exercises are ... a cornerstone of how we train and maintain the alliance ... It 's not a change . We do these every year . " Notably , North Korea 's latest message jabbed directly -- as it has in the past -- at South Korea 's international allies . And the commission did n't entirely spare Seoul either , chiding leaders there for not embracing its "  important " initiative . "  Regretfully , ... the South Korean authorities still remain unchanged in its improper attitude and negative stand towards the proposal , " the letter states . "  What is most important for mending the inter-Korean ties is to have a proper attitude and stance towards this issue . " Journalist Soo Bin Park contributed to this report .	NEW : South Korea says the North needs to show its sincere through action U.S. admiral says joint military exercises with South Korea wo n't be called off North says it wants to "  halt hostile military acts , " reunite families , improve ties with South Letter blasts "  foreign forces , " says South should have embraced its plans
CNN  -- Hockey great Gordie Howe , who suffered a "  significant " stroke Sunday morning , is showing signs of improvement , his family said Wednesday in a written statement . Howe suffered the stroke while at his daughter 's home in Lubbock , Texas . He has returned there while he recovers and is described as in guarded condition . "  We acknowledge that there is a long road to recovery ahead , but Dad 's spirits are good and his competitive attitude remains strong , " the family statement said . On Tuesday , one of Howe 's sons told CNN the stroke affected his father 's entire right side . Marty Howe said family members were on their way to Texas to visit with their father . The family said well-wishers could send cards to : Gordie Howe , c/o Texas Trailer Corral , 2207 Hwy 87 , Lubbock , TX 79423 . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with Gordie and the Howe family . Get well soon , Mr. Hockey , " the Detroit Red Wings tweeted Tuesday . Howe , 86 , was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1972 . He was a member of four Stanley Cup champion teams with the Red Wings and was the NHL 's Most Valuable Player six times . He scored 801 goals in his 26 years in two stints in the league . In between , he also played six seasons in the World Hockey Association and added 174 more goals . The Detroit News reported that Howe had spinal surgery during the summer , according to another son , Dr. Murray Howe . But the son said Howe had been doing well in the months since the surgery and told the newspaper that Howe had been walking a mile a day pain free . "  So we helped him with one problem , " Murray Howe , a radiologist in Ohio , told the News . "  But this one is a little bit tougher to fight . " Many lists of the greatest hockey players of all time put Howe as the third best player , behind Wayne Gretzky and Bobby Orr . CNN 's Jill Martin and Kevin Dotson contributed to this report .	Gordie Howe is recovering at his daughter 's home in Lubbock , Texas He had a stroke that has affected him on his right side Gordie Howe was a six-time Most Valuable Player in the NHL Howe , known as "  Mr. Hockey , " scored 975 goals in his professional hockey career
New York  CNN  -- Two Mexican brothers have been extradited to the United States to join a third brother to face sex trafficking charges in New York as part of a complex collaborative effort to combat human trafficking , federal officials said Monday . Benito Lopez-Perez , 32 , and Anastasio Romero-Perez , 39 , were arraigned on a 25-count indictment Monday morning in Brooklyn Federal Court , the U.S. attorney and the Justice Department said in a news release . The extensive indictment is the product of the Bilateral Human Trafficking Enforcement Initiative , an in-depth partnership involving the Department of Justice , Immigration and Customs Enforcement , Homeland Security Investigations , the Urban Justice Center and many non-profit and non-governmental organizations in the United States and Mexico , the release said . "  The indictment charges the defendants with sex trafficking , interstate prostitution , alien smuggling and money laundering offenses , involving victims as young as 14 and 15 years old , " it said . On December 3 , the third brother , Jose Gabino Barrientos-Perez , 51 , was extradited from Mexico to face the same charges , officials said . U.S. Attorney Loretta E. Lynch also announced the extradition last month of Antonio Lira-Robles on the same charges . All the extraditions resulted from the comprehensive anti-trafficking program , which has so far resulted in the indictment of 52 defendants on sex trafficking charges and has "  rescued over 100 victims , including 17 minors , " the release said . "  The sex trafficking of young girls and women is modern-day slavery we will do everything in our power to eradicate , " Lynch said in a news conference Monday . She also announced the reuniting of a victim of sex trafficking with her child after a separation of more than 10 years . The mother was involved with the Carreto family sex trafficking ring , officials said . The ring operated between Mexico and United States from 1991 to 2004 , the Justice Department said upon Carreto 's sentencing in 2009 . United States v. Carreto is considered to be "  one of the first sex trafficking cases prosecuted by the United States Attorney 's Office in Brooklyn , " according to Monday 's news release , "  After substantial post-conviction investigation and international coordination , the child was located and reunited with the victim-mother . " Sienna Baskin , co-director of the Sex Workers Project at the Urban Justice Center , called this "  an example of people going above and beyond and being creative and thinking outside the box in order to make this happen . Now we need the lessons we learned in this case to be institutionalized . " Baskin said she and others working as a part of the ad hoc task force realize that the fate of the victims is just as important as the fate of the traffickers . Under the initiative , "  the United States and Mexico have collaborated to bring high-impact prosecutions under both U.S. and Mexican law to more effectively dismantle human trafficking networks operating across the U.S.-Mexico border , " Monday 's news release said . "  The extraditions over the weekend followed by the arraignments today are a testament to our resolve to bring justice to those charged with forcing young women into prostitution , " James T. Hayes Jr. is the special agent-in-charge of Homeland Security Investigations in New York .	The Perez brothers have been extradited to the United States Other charges include interstate prostitution , alien smuggling and money laundering The indictments are a result of the Bilateral Human Trafficking Enforcement Initiative
EW.com  -- Why do we laugh ? If you believe Freud , it 's the same reason why we dream : to satisfy unconscious desires that society usually forbids . So there must be a wink behind the strange and wonderful new season of "  Louie , " which often uses dream logic in place of jokes . The second episode , "  Model , " finds Louie  Louis C.K.  hooking up with a rich young beauty  Yvonne Strahovski  whose astronaut father walked on the moon . When he admits that things like this do n't usually happen to him , the woman shrugs , "  Well , maybe it 's not really happening . " Bradley Cooper proves Louis C.K. 's ` Inside the Actors Studio ' theory wrong "  Elevator Part 1 ″ opens with Louie 's daughter Jane  Ursula Parker  waking from a nightmare , and Louie assuring her that the scary dream is over . "  No , " she insists , "  I 'm still dreaming , but ... I 'm having a nice dream now . " Later , we 're reminded that Jane 's mother  Susan Kelechi Watson  is black , even though Jane is blond-haired and blue-eyed , which might make us suspect that we 're dreaming too . This is what makes "  Louie " so brilliant : It takes the type of mundane , familiar moment that fuels so much observational comedy -- a random hookup , a rough night with the kids -- and pushes it so far past its rational outcome it ends up challenging the idea that the "  naturalism " we love from comedians is any less of a false construction than surrealism . Even the structure of "  Louie " has always felt like a dream , mixing real-life clips of C.K. 's stand-up with semi-fictionalized moments from his life , cameos from people he knows  Sarah Silverman and Jerry Seinfeld pop up this season  , and references to movies he 's seen -- from French New Wave films to Buster Keaton classics . No doubt , C.K. knows about oneiric theory , which claims that cinema is like dreaming too : It requires us to spend hours in the dark , with our fantasies projected before us , and emerge later into the real world as if we 've just woken up . Louis C.K. releases 1998 film ` Tomorrow Night ' on website But this is n't just art-house pretension . Like the gnarliest stuff that your subconscious coughs up at night , its main purpose is to confront the taboo , and whether that means exploring just how far Louie will go into the "  experimental " side of masturbation in the season premiere or simply digging into his ugliest prejudices about overweight women , the show can be revelatory . The third episode , "  So Did the Fat Lady , " might be the most poignant one here , as Louie fends off the advances of a self-proclaimed "  fat girl "  Sarah Baker  . Her thoughts about what dating is like for plus-size women are so filled with truth , I found myself nodding at the TV , mumbling the kind of "  Mmm-hmms ! " you hear in church . Fans can debate whether the very last scene of that episode is too optimistic , but realism is n't the point on a show that once found Louie taking fuzzy ducklings on a magical journey to Iraq . It 's like the astronaut 's daughter says : None of this is happening . But it 's a nice dream just the same . Grade : A See the original story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The new season of "  Louie " is strange and wonderful The episodes often use dream logic in the place of jokes Like what occurs in a dream , the show 's main purpose is to confront the taboo Critic : New season gets an "  A " grade
CNN  -- Apple CEO Tim Cook had to apologize for the buggy new Maps app in the iPhone 5 and iOS 6 on Friday , saying that his company "  fell short " of making a "  world-class product . " It was a gracious and humble admission of a major mistake -- a sign that Apple takes its customers seriously and conducts itself with integrity . "  We are extremely sorry for the frustration this has caused , " Cook said in a letter posted on the company 's website . "  We are doing everything we can to make Maps better . " That relentless focus on treating customers right is why Apple has been the undisputed leader of the technology business for the past decade . But while the apology is commendable , the maps mistake was entirely Apple 's fault . Previous versions of the iPhone and iOS used Google Maps , which are the industry standard . No one was complaining about Google Maps . Sure , they 're not perfect , but we 're all used to their errors and gaps . But Apple broke its contract to use Google Maps a year earlier than expected because of corporate politics . Google is a competitor , and Apple wanted to break ties and control its own maps . That 's an extra year in which Apple could have improved its own maps â $ " an extra year which was apparently sorely needed . Opinion : Maps app is not the only Apple misstep The timing of the move surprised even Google , which is scrambling to build its own maps app for the iPhone and iPad . It reportedly wo n't be ready until the end of the year . Until then , Apple is stuck telling unhappy customers that they can visit Google Maps in the iPhone 's Web browser or download other map apps like MapQuest or Bing . Needless to say , it 's more than a little strange for Apple to suggest customers to try a Microsoft product . To be fair , Apple 's new maps add important features Google was n't willing to share . The iPhone 5 has built-in , turn-by-turn directions , and the maps are faster and prettier . But for most people , the drawbacks far outweigh the benefits . What good is voice navigation if it gets you lost ? Who cares if the 3-D map is prettier when it thinks the Brooklyn Bridge has been demolished and the Statue of Liberty destroyed ? These are n't questions anyone is used to asking about Apple products , because Apple does n't usually ship broken products . Apple 's failures are magnified by the company 's track record of perfectionism â $ " perfectionism that comes from putting customers first . Apple CEO : "  We are extremely sorry " for Maps frustration It 's understandable why Apple felt it needed to switch away from Google . Being dependent on a competitor is n't great for any company . Apple likes to control its own destiny . Cook has said the company needs to "  own and control the primary technologies behind the products that we make . " Maps are without question a critical feature for smartphones and tablets , and it makes sense for Apple to build its own . But it does n't make sense to switch away from Google before Apple 's own product is ready , and it 's doubtful iPhone 5 sales would have been even slightly affected because the Google Maps app on Android is slightly better . Now it 's fair to wonder if potential upgraders and switchers are n't holding back because they do n't want to be forced into using inferior maps . Google : No plans ` yet ' for iOS 6 mapping app Apple deserves praise for being forthright and direct in its apology , but no company wants to be praised for its apologies . It 's more important for Apple to understand its mistake and try to prevent it from happening again . Apple is the most valuable company in the world because it has always fought battles for the consumer , not for the company . But in its race to win a corporate victory over Google , Apple seems to have gotten a little bit lost . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nilay Patel .	Apple CEO Tim Cook had to apologize for new Maps app on iPhone 5 and iOS 6 Nilay Patel : In its competition with Google , Apple seems to have gotten a bit lost He says it 's more than a little strange for Apple to tell customers to try other products Patel : No company wants to be praised for its apologies ; Apple needs to get it right
CNN  -- The battle for control of the U.S.-flagged Maersk Alabama began with a bold move by some of the crew to jump the pirates , crew members say . The crew of the Maersk Alabama exchange some words with media after the ship docked in Mombasa , Kenya . A scuffle ensued , and one of the sailors stabbed a pirate in the hand in the battle to retake the container ship , one of the sailors told CNN . Snippets of information are starting to emerge about how the Alabama 's crew managed to retake the ship after it was hijacked by pirates Wednesday about 350 miles off the coast of Somalia in the Indian Ocean . The Alabama docked Saturday night in Mombasa , Kenya . Its captain , Richard Phillips , is being held by pirates in the ship 's lifeboat in the Indian Ocean . Crew members smiled broadly as they stood on the ship 's deck under the watchful eyes of security teams . Although they were kept away from the media , CNN 's Stan Grant got close enough to ask them what happened after the pirates climbed aboard the ship . A crew member said he recalled being awakened around 7 a.m. as the hijacking began . View a timeline of the attack and its aftermath " "  I was scared , " Grant quoted the man as saying . Some of the crew managed to hide in a secure part of the Alabama as the pirates stormed the ship , the sailor said . As the men described the clash , a crew member pointed to one shipmate and said , "  This guy is a hero . He and the chief engineer , they took down the pirate . ... He led him down there to the engine room and then they jumped him . " The shipmate added that he stabbed the pirate in the hand and tied him up . Another crew member shouted , "  Captain Phillips is a hero . " The father of first mate Shane Murphy on Saturday offered thanks for the "  tremendous outpouring " of support his family has received from the public and government officials , including U.S. Sens. Ted Kennedy and John Kerry . Capt. Joseph Murphy told reporters the safe arrival of his son in Kenya is "  the best Easter present . " Joseph Murphy , an instructor at the Massachusetts Maritime Academy , said he had spoken to his son but that he did n't have details on the standoff . "  He said , ` Dad , this has been unbelievable . ' He said the facts will be known very soon . He said he could n't speak about anything , " Joseph Murphy said . "  I said this is going to be a tough sea story to overcome . He 's got a great sea story here . " Joseph Murphy said Saturday that he and the Alabama crew 's primary concern was for the ship 's captain . "  He 's made a tremendous sacrifice for his crew . Just incredible courage . We 're very , very thankful . He 's done everything he could possibly do and he has saved our son , " he said at a news conference . "  We believe that Captain Phillips will survive the situation . We want him to know he has the support of all of us -- the American people and people around the world . " Phillips became a captive sometime during the hijacking Wednesday . Since then , the destroyer USS Bainbridge has arrived on the scene to try to free Phillips with the help of the FBI . An attempt by Phillips to escape from the 28-foot covered lifeboat was thwarted by a pirate who dove into the Indian Ocean after him . Phillips ' captors appear to have tied him up afterward , Pentagon officials said . The Alabama resumed its course on Thursday for Mombasa , its original destination , carrying food aid and an armed 18-person security detail . Maersk president and CEO John Reinhart told reporters Saturday that the crew will stay on board in Mombasa while the FBI conducts an investigation . The agency will look into the hijacking and hostage-taking , two law enforcement officials told CNN . The probe will be led by the FBI 's New York field office , which has responsibility for looking into cases involving U.S. citizens in the African region . Reinhart said the crew has reported being in good health and that the entire crew has "  showed the professionalism of a true mariner . " "  We will make sure they 're safe , " he said . "  We know what food they want -- we 'll get the food to them . " He said the crew has asked the company to do everything it can to get Phillips home safely -- an effort he said Maersk is working on with the Navy . "  That means do n't make a mistake , folks , " Reinhart said . "  We have to be perfect in our execution . " CNN 's Stan Grant , Susan Candiotti , Stephanie Elam , Mohammed Jamjoom and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Crew member stabbed pirate in the hand to retake Maersk Alabama , sailor says Another sailor recalls being awakened at 7 a.m. as pirates stormed ship Crew shares snippets of their stories after docking in Mombasa , Kenya , on Saturday Ship , crew will remain in Kenya while FBI investigates standoff in Indian Ocean
CNN  -- For years the message was simple : Use condoms to prevent HIV . But if you are at high risk of contracting the virus , health experts want you to consider an additional strategy -- taking a pill every day to reduce your chance of being infected . New guidelines published by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say pre-exposure prophylaxis , or PrEP , should be taken daily by people who are at high risk for contracting HIV . The recommendation is based on several large national and international studies , which were done in varying at-risk populations , such as gay and bisexual men , heterosexual couples where one person is HIV-positive  the other is not  and injection drug users . The studies all showed that this drug can help reduce infection rates by more than 90 % when taken daily . "  While a vaccine or cure may one day end the HIV epidemic , PrEP is a powerful tool that has the potential to alter the course of the U.S. HIV epidemic today , " Dr.Jonathan Mermin , director of the CDC 's National Center for HIV/AIDS , Viral Hepatitis , STD and TB Prevention , said in a statement . "  These guidelines represent an important step toward fully realizing the promise of PrEP . We should add to this momentum , working to ensure that PrEP is used by the right people , in the right way , in the right circumstances . " According to the guidelines , those circumstances would be anyone who : • has had sex without a condom ; • is not infected with HIV but is in a sexual relationship with an HIV-infected partner ; • is a gay or bisexual man who has had a sexually transmitted disease within the last six months and is not in a mutually exclusive relationship with a recently tested HIV-negative partner ; • is a heterosexual man or woman who does not always use condoms when having sex with partners already at risk , and who is n't in a mutually exclusive relationship with a recently tested HIV-negative partner ; or • has injected drugs or shared drug paraphernalia in the past six months In 2012 , the Food and Drug Administration approved Truvada , a pill that combines two antiretroviral drugs for the prevention of HIV . It was first approved in 2004 as an HIV treatment and is still the only FDA-approved medication for PrEP . Truvada is n't cheap . A month 's supply can cost you anywhere from $ 1,300 to $ 1,700 , according to Drugs.com . But insurance may cover the bill . To be effective , this pill must be taken every day . Dr. Anthony Fauci , an immunologist who has been at the forefront of HIV/AIDS research for decades , called it a highly effective approach to preventing the spread of the virus that causes AIDS . "  It 's  one that benefits not only the individual patient at risk for HIV infection but also will help to reduce the number of new HIV infections across the United States , " said Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health . "  It should be used together with -- and complementary to -- condoms and not as a substitute for condoms . " The new guidelines replace interim ones published two years ago ; they provide a comprehensive place where doctors and patients can find information on PrEP and come with a supplement that provides checklists for physicians , giving them step-by-step support for dealing with patients who might be considered for prophylactic treatment . "  PrEP is a new approach to HIV prevention that requires continuing collaboration between patients and providers , as effectiveness requires adherence to daily medication and regular medical visits for monitoring , counseling and testing , " said Dr. Dawn K. Smith , an epidemiologist in CDC 's Division of HIV/AIDS Prevention who led the development of the guidelines . "  Individuals will have to decide with their doctor if PrEP is right for them , but for some , this may offer a much-needed strategy to help protect themselves from HIV infection . " There are 1.1 million people in the United States living with HIV , according to the CDC . An estimated nearly one in six do not know they 're infected . Men who have sex with men are the hardest hit -- while they make up 2 % of the U.S. population , they account for 63 % of all new infections each year , according to the CDC . Heterosexuals make up 25 % of all new annual infections ; 9 % are injection drug users . "  HIV infection is preventable , yet every year we see some 50,000 new HIV infections in the United States , " said Dr. Tom Frieden , the CDC 's director , in a statement . "  PrEP , used along with other prevention strategies , has the potential to help at-risk individuals protect themselves and reduce new HIV infections in the United States . "	CDC recommends at-risk groups take Truvada daily to prevent HIV infection Studies show pill can help reduce infection rates by more than 90 % when taken daily Health experts say they hope this will "  alter the course of the U.S. HIV epidemic "
CNN  -- A judge could decide next week whether some or all of the details in search warrants related to the death of a 10-year-old disabled North Carolina girl will be made public . Police found some of Zahra Baker 's remains on November 11 , just over a month after her stepmother Elisa Baker reported her missing . While Elisa has been charged with obstruction of justice -- for writing a fake ransom note and leaving it at the family 's Hickory home -- no one has been charged directly in her death . Meanwhile , the investigation has continued , with detectives requesting numerous warrants related to the case . They asked for an additional 15 sealed warrants on Wednesday in Catawba County court , on top of the many they requested previously . A motions hearing is scheduled for Monday , December 13 , to determine if details of any , some or all of the sealed warrants will be released . Some of the search warrants obtained by the Hickory , North Carolina , police were made public earlier this month , giving a glimpse into the grisly events that could have led to the death of the freckled-face girl , who lost part of her left leg at age 5 to cancer . According to one of the search warrants , a tipster told police that Zahra had been at a North Carolina home with two men and one of the men said "  he had done something very bad and needed to leave town . " One of the men was associated with Zahra 's stepmother but was not Zahra 's father , the tipster said . The tipster also told police that Zahra had been raped by both men and that she had blood on her private area and legs , the search warrant said . The tipster told police that he got the information about the alleged rape from a friend who was told about it from his sister . Police went to the home to see if they could confirm the fourth-hand information and found a mattress at the side of the house that "  had a large dark stain in the middle , " the search warrant said . The tipster said the men did not admit to killing the girl but did say that they "  might have hit her in the head , " the search warrant said . Police were also told by an attorney for Elisa Baker that the girl was dismembered . In one search warrant , dated October 27 , police say they were looking for "  latex gloves used while the body of Zahra Baker was dismembered . " They also were searching for "  white trash bags used to store body parts , " the warrant said . In that warrant , police were seeking to search the Hickory home that Zahra lived in with her stepmother and father Adam Troy Baker . Besides the obstruction of justice charge , Elisa Baker is accused of writing worthless checks . Police have said she had been cooperating with investigators , including going with them to a search site . Adam Troy Baker was arrested in late October in nearby Catawba County on eight charges : five counts of writing bad checks and three counts of failing to appear in court . Authorities said the charges were unrelated to Zahra 's disappearance , and he was later released on bail . InSession 's Jessica Thill contributed to this report .	A key hearing related to the investigation of Zahra Baker , 10 , will happen Monday A judge could decide to release search warrants from detectives probing her death Zahra 's remains found November 11 ; over a month after she was reported missing A tipster had suggested Zahra may have been raped , per earlier released warrants
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Japan 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs says relations with China are "  extremely important , " but Beijing 's demand for an apology and compensation over the detention of a Chinese fishing boat captain is "  completely groundless and is utterly unacceptable for Japan . " The statement Saturday went on to assert Japanese jurisdiction over the islands where the captain was detained and declared that the dispute was handled in accordance with Japanese law . Zhan Qixiong was detained earlier this month after his trawler collided with Japanese vessels near disputed islands in the East China Sea . He was freed on Friday . Earlier , Satoru Sato , a spokesman for the Japanese Foreign Ministry , made similar statements to Japan 's Kyodo news agency in response to China 's apology demand . Despite this call for an apology , China 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement that the two sides should resolve the problems through dialogue and consultation , according to Chinese state media . Zhan was accused of obstructing Japanese public officers while they performed their duties , China 's Xinhua news agency said . He arrived home safely on Saturday , according to Xinhua . "  We decided to suspend the charges in consideration of the Japan-China relationship , " the Japanese prosecutor in the case said . The arrest tensions between the two countries , with Beijing accusing Japan of "  unlawful and invalid " arrest of the captain and his crew of 14 , according to Xinhua . China considers the Diaoyu Islands and most of the South China its property , disputing neighboring countries ' claims . In Japan , the islands are known as the Senkaku . The clash over territorial waters and islands -- and the natural resources that go with them -- is a flash point in the Asia-Pacific region . Word of the captain 's release quickly followed the arrest of four Japanese nationals in China . The four are being investigated for entering a military zone without authorization and videotaping military targets , Chinese state media said . Neither country linked the captain 's case with the arrest of the four Japanese nationals . CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	NEW : Statement asserts Japanese jurisdiction over disputed islands Japan says China 's call for an apology is ` groundless ' Detention of Chinese captain sparked bitter row between China and Japan
CNN  #UporDown ? That 's the trending question on social media , thanks to a photo of a cat coming down some stairs . Or is it going up some stairs ? And you thought you were done with this kind of optical illusion free-for-all after #TheDress . The picture was apparently uploaded on Imgur a few days ago and has caught fire thanks to a post on the website 9gag . com . Some people are noting the apparent motion of the cat . Others are commenting about the construction of the stairs .  Nobody has mentioned that some cats we could name would be more likely to stop in the middle of the steps and play with a mousie . Of course , where there 's public debate , there are advertisers waiting to take advantage of the situation . Taxes ? Now , those are REALLY confusing .	The Internet is raging about a cat going #UporDown The debate is fueled by an optical illusion photo The story brings to mind the furor over #TheDress
CNN  -- After President Barack Obama said he did n't yet have a strategy for ISIS in Syria , even a Democrat on Sunday criticized the President 's approach to fighting the extremist terror group . There 's been the expected GOP criticism : Rep. Adam Kinzinger , R-Illinois , said the President 's statement was "  unfortunate , " a predictable assessment from someone who disagrees with the Obama 's handling of foreign policy . But more notable is Sen. Dianne Feinstein , the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee , who split with the leader of her party . "  I think I 've learned one thing about this President and that is he 's very cautious . Maybe in this instance , too cautious , " the California Democrat said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " Feinstein 's description comes as the Obama administration is implementing a split strategy in dealing with the group now calling itself the Islamic State . In Iraq , where America recently concluded a long war there , the United States has continued airstrikes against ISIS , including strikes near Amerli Saturday . In Syria , meanwhile , the President has been reluctant to pursue military action as a complicated web of factions , including ISIS , is fighting to defeat President Bashar al-Assad , also a U.S. opponent . The threat While members of both parties indicated that Syria is the most dangerous country in the world right now as it is considered ISIS ' home base , Republicans differed from Democrats in that they insisted that the threat ISIS poses to the U.S. is immediate . "  I believe strongly that ISIS does plan on attacking the United States , " Rep. Peter King said on "  Fox News Sunday . " Obama 's no ` strategy yet ' comment on ISIS in Syria sparks a political uproar Sen. John McCain went even further on CBS News ' "  Face the Nation " : "  I think it starts with an understanding that this is a direct threat to the United States of America , that it may be one of the biggest we have ever faced . " The top Republicans ' statements come just days after British Prime Minister David Cameron elevated the terror threat to "  severe , " the second-highest rating for that country . But the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger of Maryland , played down the immediacy of a direct attack in the United States on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " saying strong intelligence "  at this point " of an imminent attack on the U.S. does not exist . Another Democrat , Rep. Adam Smith of Washington , acknowledged the threat ISIS poses is real , but it 's "  a bit of an overstatement " to compare the threat of ISIS to al Qaeda . "  There is no evidence at this point that they are actually doing the sort of command-and-control plotting , planning specific attacks against Western targets , like al Qaeda was , gosh , for better -- for almost a decade before 9/11 , " he said on "  Face the Nation . " ' A cancer ' Kinzinger used a cancer analogy describing ISIS , expanding upon an opinion piece written by Secretary of State John Kerry in The New York Times Friday when he said "  the cancer of ISIS will not be allowed to spread to other countries . " "  If you have cancer in your liver , and it 's spreading to other parts of your body , you do n't just treat the other parts , you treat the liver , " the Iraq War veteran said on CNN 's "  State the Union . " "  The liver is Syria . " While the President has been taking heat for saying he does n't have a strategy for ISIS , a Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee discussed the challenges in formulating a strategy , in part , because obtaining intelligence about ISIS from war-torn Syria has been difficult . "  We have got to get the intelligence , " Ruppersberger said . Smith echoed his colleague 's sentiment . "  We ca n't simply bomb first and ask questions later . We have to have the right targets and the right support in order to be effective in stopping ISIS , " he said on CBS News ' "  Face the Nation . " On Friday , Rep. Joe Courtney , D-Connecticut , and others sent a letter to House Armed Services Committee Chairman Buck McKeon , asking that committee members return to Washington ahead of schedule in order to oversee Obama 's response to ISIS and the possible expansion of airstrikes . "  We are very concerned that due to the speed with which events are happening , waiting until September 8th for Congress to reconvene effectively sidelines our constitutional role . We respectfully request that the Armed Services Committee reconvene as early as possible to provide the needed oversight over this new development , " they wrote . In response , a spokesman for McKeon said the chairman appreciates the sense of urgency and that oversight can take a variety of forms . "  Currently the chairman and other members of the committee are traveling in the Middle East , consulting regional leaders on this important issue . A classified briefing for committee members -- covering ISIS as well as the events in the Ukraine -- is scheduled for the Tuesday members return , " said Claude Chafin . Military action now -- or soon Most Republicans , including McCain , are urging immediate airstrikes in Syria , the place where the terrorist group gained traction with its brutal tactics and mostly erasing the border between the Syria and Iraq . The Arizona Republican joined Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , who opened the door last week to putting more U.S. troops in Iraq . McCain said that a comprehensive strategy to defeating ISIS "  is going to require some more special forces . " Ruppersberger was among the Democrats who urged a broad strategic plan that leaves the door open for a variety of actions , which is the message put out by the Obama administration over the past two days , including in Kerry 's opinion piece . "  If we need to go ... to protect ourselves from ISIS , we will , but it 's got to be a coalition , " Ruppersberger said on "  State of the Union . " Democrats insisted that building an international coalition in the region and beyond is the first step . "  We have to build that coalition , " Smith said . "  We need reliable partners to work with in the region . " But Rep. Mike Rogers of Michigan , the Republican head of the House Intelligence Committee , said the President should have been building that coalition for the past year . "  It 's just very , very late in the game and it presents fewer options , " Rogers said on "  Fox News Sunday . " U.N. counts 3 million Syria refugees	NEW : Rep. Joe Courtney and others call for the Armed Services Committee to reconvene Sen. Dianne Feinstein says Obama 's approach to ISIS might be "  too cautious " Republicans insist the threat ISIS poses to the U.S. is immediate Obtaining intelligence about ISIS from war-torn Syria has been difficult , Democrats say
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of Vice , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . Motherboard.vice.com is Vice 's site devoted to the overlap between culture and technology . The reports , which are being produced solely by Vice , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  Motherboard.vice.com  -- For someone who likes to talk about the virtues of disconnecting , the media critic Douglas Rushkoff seems surprisingly always on . When I visited him at his storefront office near his home in Hastings on Hudson , New York , he was preparing to teach a new class , getting ready for a BBC interview , writing an essay , staring down a pile of articles to read , trying to figure out his new iPhone , and hurrying to finish his third book in three years -- a graphic novel called ADD , which revolves around gaming culture , celebrity and the pharmaceutical industry . "  It also asks the question , " he says , "  what if attention deficit disorder were n't a bug , but a feature ? " The hyper-speed hyperlinked life is familiar ground for Rushkoff , whose first book "  Cyberia " made him a popular tour guide to the Internet in the early 1990s , and an early prognosticator of its radical potential . But much has changed between the awkward days of "  the ` Net " -- then a non-commercial collection of public networks accessed by local ISPs -- and the overloaded era of Facebook , YouTube and iPhones . If Rushkoff is well-versed in the language underneath the "  digital revolution , " he 's also become one of its most outspoken critics . "  A society that looked at the Internet as a path toward highly articulated connections and new methods of creating meaning is instead finding itself disconnected , denied deep thinking , and drained of enduring values , " Rushkoff writes in his recent "  Program or Be Programmed . " His remedy is simple , if ambitious : once people begin to understand how software works , "  they start to recognize the programs at play everywhere else . From the economy and education to politics and government , all systems have embedded purposes . The less we recognize them , the more we mistake them for given circumstances . " Understanding how things work In order to make them work better is the basic hacker ethos , but Rushkoff has applied it to his broader discussion of the way the culture and politics of the many are driven by the interests of the few . Between his landmark documentary "  The Merchants of Cool " to his recent book "  Life Inc. , " Rushkoff has indexed the risks that capitalism and corporate influence pose to democratic society . Or , to extend the metaphor , he 's sought to show how we the users routinely get screwed by an "  operating system " that 's more than 500 years old . See the rest of "  Douglas Rushkoff in Real Life " at Motherboard.vice.com "  We 're leveraged in so many ways , it 's like , our economy is leveraged to produce more than it can in order for it to survive , " he says . "  It 's leveraged to grow . Human beings are financially leveraged now . So how do you roll that back and say , well , you know , ` this is it ' ? " Or , rather , "  How do you get the good of a zombie apocalypse without the zombies ? That 's sort of what I 'm trying to help people with . " Enter Occupy . Rushkoff has watched the movement with cautious optimism , penning editorials on CNN and organizing November 's Contact Con , a powwow of net roots activists and open source hackers working to foster new civic-minded apps and hardware . To include prizes , Rushkoff enlisted the help of Pepsi , which ultimately granted $ 10,000 to the Free Network Foundation , which was profiled in our recent documentary . Rather than shun corporate sponsors , Rushkoff revels in what they bring to the table , and in the contradictions of the movement . Occupy 's power , ultimately , is its meme -- the idea that a citizenry can not only protest the system but demonstrate a new way of responding to it and reworking it . Like his call to program , Occupy 's nebulous mission may be hard to swallow or carry out . But that also lends it its own kind of power , he says . Its radical promise is n't unlike the earlier Internets : a distributed and open system that could change civic discourse and remake culture . But as on the strange battlefield of the Internet , Occupy could also crash against its own giant ambitions , which will be heavily tested in the next few months . Progress will have to be made gradually , says Rushkoff . "  There are ways to slowly move towards a sustainable life path , and it 's just a matter of doing that , and I 'm hoping that more people in Occupy start seeing it that way -- in that more subtle way , rather than exclusively in the kind of activist , let 's - get-pepper-sprayed by cops way . " Much has changed in the decades since Rushkoff started critiquing the system . But his philosophy is still animated by a big question , one that applies not only to the digital spaces of the Internet , built by the Facebooks and the Googles , but to other kinds of "  public " spaces too , in town squares , Congress , and culture : who programmed these spaces , and to what ends , and how can they be hacked into something better ?	Motherboard sits down with media critic and author Douglas Rushkoff An early adopter of the Internet , Rushkoff has become one of its most outspoken critics Recent work looks at risks that capitalism , corporate influence pose to democratic society
Beijing  CNN  -- Demonstrators braved a heavy police presence and the threat of arrest by massing Thursday in the streets of Kunming , China , to protest the planned construction of a chemical plant , they said . "  It was mostly a peaceful protest , " said an activist who asked to be identified only by his family name , Young . "  We were singing the national anthem , shouting ` Get out , refinery ! ' together . " He added , "  We were scattered by the heavy police force in the area . I saw locals scuffling with police , people getting arrested and pulled away . " Read more : Can social media clear air over China ? The plant is a hot topic in the city , which is the capital of Yunnan province in southwestern China . "  Every Kunming person cares about this issue , " said another Kunming native , a 50-year-old man who said rows of police thwarted his efforts to reach the heart of the protest . "  The police kept blocking off the protest , block by block . " Local government officials did not respond to CNN phone calls for comment . Photos posted on Chinese social media sites showed uniformed and riot police surrounding groups of demonstrators . The five activists who spoke to CNN asked not to be named for fear of reprisals from Chinese authorities . The oil refinery and chemical plant would be built in Anning city , about 50 kilometers  31 miles  west of Kunming , according to Xinhua , China 's state news agency . Report : China lax in treating , policing lead poisoning Opponents fear the chemical plant would produce tons of paraxylene , a carcinogenic chemical identified by the acronym PX . Several days after a May 4 protest , the Kunming mayor joined executives from the state China National Petroleum Corp. and the Yuntianhua Group for a joint news conference . "  The government will call off the project if most of our citizens say no to it , " said Mayor Li Wenrong , according to Xinhua . The provincial general manager of China National Petroleum Corp. has said the refinery will not use the chemical . "  The project has no PX facilities , nor will it produce PX products , " Hu Jingke said , according to Xinhua . Kunming residents expressed deep distrust of government officials and the state-owned enterprises behind the refinery project . Several said authorities took draconian measures in the days running up to Thursday 's protest in an attempt to prevent demonstrators from taking to the streets . Opinion : Why booming China needs to act fast A 25-year-old Kunming native who asked to be identified as Claire told CNN that police detained and interrogated her for more than nine hours after she was caught distributing anti-refinery fliers on a city street Tuesday . "  I understand we need oil refineries , " Claire said in a phone interview . She said she opposed this one because "  it 's just so close to the city and the fact that the whole process was not transparent and we 're not allowed to ask questions . " Claire said police accused her of staging an "  illegal gathering . " As part of the interrogation , she said , police took her to the print shop where she had made copies of her fliers . Then they escorted her to her parents ' home , where they demanded that she erase files about the refinery from her computer . Finally , she said , they threatened her and banned her from attending Thursday 's protest . CNN Blog : Why China 's leaders should worry about climate change "  Basically , they 're saying if I have this on my record , I wo n't get any government job or state-owned enterprise job , " Claire said . Several other Kunming residents said students and employees of state-owned companies had been warned not to attend the demonstration . "  Kunming is a beautiful city , where we have cleaner air than any other cities in this country , " Young said . "  We fear the refinery will destroy the city 's natural environment , and we demanded to see the environmental impact assessment report of this project . But we were rejected by the government who told us it 's a ` state secret . ' " An executive from Yuntianhua , which also has a major stake in the chemical plant , told journalists that an environmental impact assessment for the project had not been completed , Xinhua said . In March , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao promised that health safeguards would be improved and efforts would be made to control air pollution and make water supplies safer . China air pollution : ` Slightly polluted ' or ` hazardous ' ? "  We should adopt effective measures to prevent and control pollution and change the way we work and live , " Wen said . The emphasis on environmental and health issues comes as China 's leaders confront growing anger about choking pollution , contaminated food , and water that is unsafe to drink . The statistics are staggering . China now burns 3.8 billion tons of coal each year , nearly as much as the rest of the world combined . In January , the smog over Beijing was so thick , it could be seen from space . China 's CO2 emissions rose by 720 million tons in 2011 -- a 9.3 % increase . Pollution and dust generated in China have been found as far away as California . Maintaining blockbuster growth has sometimes come at the expense of environmental protections . The government has made explicit its intention to weigh environmental regulation against the cost to the economy . But analysts say the public outcry over pollution has tipped the scales . China has already tried to boost the use of alternative sources of power , setting standards for solar energy installation and switching from coal to gas in some cities . CNNMoney 's Charles Riley contributed to this report .	Photos posted on social media show riot police surrounding demonstrators Protester : "  I saw locals scuffling with police , people getting arrested and pulled away " "  Every Kunming person cares about this issue , " another protester says Opponents fear the plant would produce tons of paraxylene , a carcinogenic chemical
CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI on Sunday called for an end to violence in Syria , as well as a renewed peace effort in the Middle East , in his annual Easter Mass message from the Vatican as Christians worldwide marked the holiday . "  May the risen Christ grant hope to the Middle East and enable all the ethnic , cultural and religious groups in that region to work together to advance the common good and respect for human rights , " the pope said in his "  Urbi et Orbi "  "  To the City and to the World "  message in St. Peter 's Square . "  Particularly in Syria , may there be an end to bloodshed and an immediate commitment to the path of respect , dialogue and reconciliation , as called for by the international community , he said . "  May the many refugees from that country who are in need of humanitarian assistance find the acceptance and solidarity capable of relieving their dreadful sufferings . " The Iraqi people , he said , should be encouraged to "  spare no effort in pursuing the path of stability and development . In the Holy Land , may Israelis and Palestinians courageously take up anew the peace process . " And the pope asked that "  the risen Jesus comfort the suffering populations of the Horn of Africa and favor their reconciliation , " including Sudan and South Sudan , "  and grant their inhabitants the power of forgiveness . In Mali , now experiencing delicate political developments , may the glorious Christ grant peace and stability . To Nigeria , which in recent times has experienced savage terrorist attacks , may the joy of Easter grant the strength needed to take up anew the building of a society which is peaceful and respectful of the religious freedom of all its citizens . " Christians have previously been the targets of violence in Nigeria , most notably on Christmas Day , when a string of bombs struck churches in several cities . A bombing Sunday in the northern city of Kaduna killed 25 people and wounded another 13 , emergency management agency spokesman Abubakar Zakari said . While the blast was near a Christian church where services were taking place , the target was not immediately clear . Thankfully , thousands of Easter services -- from the annual sunrise service at Arlington National Cemetery outside Washington , D.C. , to throngs of worshipers attending Mass in the Philippines -- were far more peaceful , a time for both reflection and celebration . In Georgetown , Texas , that included cheers for Tim Tebow , who has become known as much for his religious devotion as for his exploits on the football field . The quarterback took the stage alongside Celebration Church senior pastor Joe Champion to talk about how his faith brings him peace , joy , stability and a sense of purpose even at times of what might seem like intense turmoil and scrutiny . Tebow has been on a roller coaster in the last year with his play and public displays of faith , and more recently with his trade from the Denver Broncos to the New York Jets . "  Whatever happens in life -- good or bad , whether you 're the hero or the goat , whether you like it or not -- you know that someone has a plan for your life , and it 's a special plan , " Tebow told the congregation , about his belief that his future is in God 's hands . "  When you trust that and you have hope in that , then you have peace in all decisions and everything you do . And it brings a lot of joy to your life . " For Christians in countries thrown into tumult by the Arab Spring revolutions , some say Easter celebrations could prove dangerous . In the past , Syrian Christians "  have had great outpouring of piety in the public squares on Easter , " said Nina Shea , director of the Center for Religious Freedom at the Hudson Institute in Washington . "  This time , I suspect it is going to be vastly different . They are fearful . " Though the geopolitical makeup of each Arab Spring country is different , Shea and other religious freedom scholars say that a pious holiday like Easter presents an opportunity for anti-Christian groups to seek out worshippers . Religious holidays have long been a venue for terrorist attacks against all religious groups in the Middle East and North Africa . These holidays provide not only a meaningful day to make a statement but also see large concentrations of worshippers in one area . "  Christ is hope and comfort in a particular way for those Christian communities suffering most for their faith on account of discrimination and persecution , " the pope said Sunday . "  And he is present as a force of hope through his church , which is close to all human situations of suffering and injustice . " Last Easter , Benedict called for peace amid ongoing conflicts in Africa and the Middle East and mentioned the plight of those in Japan recovering from the devastating earthquake and tsunami . CNN 's Dan Merica and journalist Safiya Akau contributed to this report .	NEW : Tim Tebow tells Texas worshippers having faith in God gives him peace , joy NEW : 25 die in a blast near a Christian church in Nigeria , an official says Pope Benedict XVI mentions Syria and African nations in his Easter message An analyst says Syrian Christians might be more fearful of celebrating openly this year
CNN Student News  -- April 5 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Japan • Atlanta , Georgia Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : You 're locked in for 10 minutes of commercial-free news headlines ! My name is Carl Azuz , it is Tuesday , April 5th and CNN Student News is up and running . First Up : Change in Plan AZUZ : The Obama Administration announced yesterday afternoon , that five suspected 9/11 terrorists will get military trials at the U.S. detention center in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Here 's why that 's significant : before he won the 2008 election , candidate Obama promised he 'd close the prison at Guantanamo Bay . And his Justice Department said the terrorism suspects would be tried in civilian courts -- not by military tribunals . Most Americans did n't want those suspects tried in civilian courts . When Attorney General Eric Holder announced the trials at Guantanamo , he criticized Congress for restricting the Justice Department 's ability to prosecute the five suspects . Plane Investigation AZUZ : Hundreds of flights aboard Southwest Airlines have been canceled over the past few days . It 's because one of its Boeing-737 passenger jets had a problem on Friday : this . A hole measuring five feet long and one foot wide . It opened up over passengers ' heads on a flight from Phoenix , Arizona to Sacramento , California . The pilots made an emergency landing in Yuma , Arizona , and no one was seriously injured . Southwest grounded 79 of its planes to check them out afterward . The model with the problem is an older one . One that 's not made anymore . Southwest found indications of cracks in three other aircraft while dozens of others have been inspected and returned to the flight line . Air France Mystery AZUZ : It 's not known exactly what caused the crash of an Air France jet two years ago , though . Flight 447 was traveling from Paris to Rio de Janiero , Brazil , when it went down in the southern Atlantic ocean . That was on June first , 2009 . And until recently , large parts of the plane had not been found . On Monday , though , a French government minister said search teams located this : what 's believed to be the wreckage of the Airbus 330 plane . The 228 people aboard were killed in the crash . And even if the flight data recorder is located , it 's possible it wo n't be working anymore because of corrosion and water pressure . This area of the Atlantic typically has rough and quickly changing weather . Japan Radiation Fears AZUZ : This is a shot of radioactive water leaking from one of Japan 's damaged nuclear reactors . It 's spilling into the Pacific Ocean . Japanese workers have tried a couple different methods to stop this leak ; nothing has worked yet . But because so much water has been used to prevent a nuclear meltdown , Japanese officials say they have no choice but to intentionally dump millions of gallons , into the sea . They 're hoping a planned silt fence will keep radioactive material from spreading into the ocean . This is just one of the major problems caused by Japan 's March 11th earthquake and tsunami -- it killed more than 12,000 people ; more than 15,000 are still missing . And Kyung Lah explains how concerns about nuclear contamination are reaching far beyond Japan . BEGIN VIDEO KYUNG LAH , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : What does this toy monkey have to do with the crisis of the Fukushima nuclear plant ? Nothing . But Sven Kilian is still scanning with a Geiger counter . SVEN KILIAN , JAPANTRENDSHOP.COM : It 's 0.13 microsievert . LAH : All of his toys and gadgets at Japan trend shop.com . There 's a notice on his company 's home page to his international customers stating the nuclear crisis has no connection to his exports . KILIAN : People just scared . I understand this . So we just want to prove to everybody and show you do n't need to be scared . LAH : But many are afraid . As news reports show countries like Thailand testing Japanese food exports . Hong Kong , screening passengers from Japan for radiation . In the United States , inspectors have picked up traces of radiation from the Fukushima plant on both coasts , including milk in Washington state . None have found dangerous levels of radiation but the headlines add up to a fear of products dubbed made in Japan . Public sentiment does have a real impact on the economy . Japan watchers say in this case , it 's an impact that will be felt for some time to come . WILLIAM SAITO , ADVISOR TO JAPANESE GOVERNMENT : This is going to be a measurable impact . And some industries and some companies will not survive . LAH : William Saito is an advisor to Japan 's government on the economic fallout of the Fukushima and tsunami crises . Saito believes high-tech , nameless parts to go into vehicles and popular electronics , wo n't be impacted due to radiation fears . But given a choice between a brand dubbed made in Japan versus another country , consumers will not choose Japan . SAITO : I think that consumer sentiment and going forward , things like this , once they make the decision . It 's hard to change , at least for a generation . And this will affect buying habits . LAH : Sven Kilian has this plea to global consumers . KILIAN : Continue buying stuff . This is what helps us in Japan . It does n't help us if everyone stops buying and panicking now , for no reason . Just makes the economy worse and does n't help anything . END VIDEO Shoutout CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! Which word best describes someone who currently holds an elected office ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  Lobbyist , B  Constituent , C  Nominee or D  Incumbent ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! D is the answer here -- an incumbent already holds political office . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! 2012 Bid AZUZ : The incumbent president is officially running for re-election . He made that announcement yesterday when filing papers with the Federal Election Commission -- something every presidential candidate , even an incumbent , must do . No Republican candidates have done that yet , though several are doing research and visiting voters nationwide . Nicole Collins explains why the president 's announcement came in April , 2011 for an election that is n't 'til November , 2012 . BEGIN VIDEO NICOLE COLLINS , CNN CORRESPONDENT : The 2012 presidential election begins with this . UNKNOWN : Here it is 2012 the election . COLLINS : A video posted on barackobama.com in which President Obama does not appear and an email from him to his supporters that reads . " ... as my administration and folks across the country fight to protect the progress we 've made and make more we also need to begin mobilizing for 2012 , long before the time comes for me to begin campaigning in earnest . The president wrote that his campaign would file paperwork with the Federal Election Commission a crucial step that allows him to begin fundraising . The president 's early start on his bid for re-election is a move democrats hope will allow him to reach the unprecedented fundraising goal of one billion dollars . The Republican National Committee issued its own web ad in response to the president 's announcement . UNKNOWN : We need jobs . We need leadership . Yet , you do nothing as we pile up debts we ca n't afford . COLLINS : A sentiment echoed by republicans on Capitol Hill amid an ongoing , contentious budget battle . SENATOR JOHN CORNYN ,  R  TEXAS : You see the president really , you know , M-I-A. , and you see him planning his announcement for his re-election bid . It 's kind of like , where are your priorities ? This has to be the nation 's number one priority at this point , because debt is a national security problem . COLLINS : No republicans have officially announced a bid for the white house but several have made a steady stream of appearances in key early voting states . In Washington , Nicole Collins for CNN Student News . END VIDEO Is This Legit ? CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is This Legit ? Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was born in Atlanta , Georgia . Totally true . Martin Luther King was named "  Michael Luther King Jr. " when he was born in Atlanta in 1929 . Remembering Dr. King AZUZ : And Americans gathered at several locations in Atlanta yesterday to remember the civil rights leader . It was the 43rd anniversary of the day that Dr. King was assassinated . Members of his family were scheduled to lay a wreath at his tomb in Atlanta . Other events included a ceremony hosted by the Southern Christian Leadership Conference , which Dr. King and his followers organized in the late 1950s . He was at a Memphis hotel when he was killed on April 4th , 1968 -- almost five years after he delivered his famous "  I have a dream speech " and four years after Dr. King won the Nobel Peace Prize . Daily Email Promo AZUZ : You already know that CNN Student News is awesome . But know this too : You can get advance notice on what we 're covering each day ! It 's every bit as free as our show . All you have to do is sign up for our daily e-mail at CNNStudentNews.com . Go to our home page and just scroll down to the "  How Do I " box , clicking on "  Sign up for the daily email . " Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , one word : Boater-cross ! We realize this is gon na require some explanation , so here you go . Ski slope plus kayak plus pool plus hypothermia ? Do n't fall in ; the water 's not great ! But the event is a Colorado ski resort 's way to show the season is coming to an end with a speeding , slicing , sledding , splash-down ! It 's a unique way to illustrate the switch from ski season , to kayaking , biking and fishing season . Goodbye AZUZ : And it allows people to do a little show-boating , before they go boating -- and feature what snow kayaking is all a-boat . We 're a-boat out of time , but we 'll pool our resources and paddle back with a new program tomorrow . You 're gon na love it ! See ya then .	Five suspected terrorists are headed for military trials at Guantanamo Bay Concerns about contaminated products are reaching far beyond Japan 's borders Americans pause to remember the day when Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Ecuador remains the frontrunner in the Edward Snowden sweepstakes . Hong Kong let him go , neither ready to arrest him on behalf of the United States nor willing to let him stay . Russian authorities have played coy , looking to avoid open conflict with the United States but hardly forthcoming with any details . Even Cuba is in the mix , perhaps as a temporary detour on the way to somewhere else . But it is Ecuador , of all places , that appears consistently as the country most willing to openly challenge the United States , apparently not averse to allowing Snowden to land in Quito while considering a request for asylum . How do we understand the inability of the United States to capture a U.S. citizen who has been charged with espionage and no longer has a valid U.S. passport ? Why wo n't anyone help the United States get this guy ? And why does Ecuador in particular appear willing to embrace Edward Snowden and oppose the United States ? Where on Earth could Snowden go next ? Part of the explanation lies in the fact that the United States does not appear to be garnering much sympathy on this issue within the international community as a whole . China , Russia , Cuba and Ecuador are hardly alone in wanting to poke at the United States by helping Snowden . Foreign observers are much less interested in the relative virtues of Snowden  traitor ? hero ? refugee ? attention-seeker ?  and much more willing to focus on the actions of the U.S. government , which outside our borders tends to be understood as part of a long history of out-of-control surveillance by U.S. intelligence agencies . In this sense , the United States may have the law on its side when demanding the arrest of Snowden , but it does not , from the perspective of many foreign observers , have a moral leg to stand on . Our past use of covert surveillance at both home and abroad , combined with our current pursuit of an individual who exposed questionable surveillance programs , has meant that our attempts to capture Snowden , however sound legally , have been effectively undermined by our own moral bankruptcy within international circles  at least with respect to issues of surveillance , privacy , espionage , etc.  . 4 options for the U.S. to get Snowden back This perception is all the more pervasive in Latin America , where decades of U.S. support for repressive military dictatorships was enforced by a wide range of surveillance programs that were often permitted and justified by legal statutes . Still , why Ecuador ? The prevailing explanation among U.S. pundits is that Edward Snowden and Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa are "  unlikely allies " and thus Correa 's stance has nothing to do with Snowden 's actions or the fact the United States is pursuing him . In other words , it is all about scoring political points . This is too simplistic an explanation and relies on a misunderstanding of Correa and the leftward shift that has swept Latin America during the past 25 years . Snowden : I took job to gather evidence Politicians are always looking to score political points , and Correa has certainly had his moments . But when Correa offered Wikileaks journalist Julian Assange asylum in 2012 , he had relatively little to gain politically beyond raising his international profile . At the time , he was expected to easily win re-election  which he did  , in large part because under his administration unemployment levels had reached record lows , public spending on education had more than doubled and medical care was more accessible than ever . This was despite the fact that Ecuador had been hit harder than almost any country in the region by the financial crisis of 2008 . Correa pumped money into the economy , reformed the financial system , took control of the central bank and otherwise worked , however imperfectly , to build a government and economy that serves the interests of the people . Simply put , Correa 's popularity insured that there was relatively little to be gained by taking on Assange in 2012 . Quite the opposite , Correa 's embrace of Assange produced an intense backlash by the media in Ecuador , which then amped up opposition during the election . Similarly , Correa will score relatively few political points by embracing Snowden in 2013 . Correa 's stance is best seen as a principled one . In broad terms , Correa 's openness to Assange and Snowden , as well as his decision to close a U.S. military base in Ecuador , is part of an effort to deepen Ecuadorian sovereignty while strengthening Latin America 's ability to limit the influence of the United States in the region . Opinion : Why U.S. is being humiliated by the hunt for Snowden This is perfectly within the rights of an independent nation , even one that has historically followed the U.S. lead . More immediately , Correa 's willingness to take on Snowden should be seen for what it is , as a refreshingly principled stand by a small country against a powerful nation engaged in what many see as the political persecution of one of its own citizens . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Striffler .	Ecuador seems willing to consider giving asylum to Edward Snowden Steve Striffler : Many around the world question the morality of American policy He says the Snowden case affords opponents a chance to put U.S. on defensive Striffler says Ecuador 's president has legitimate questions about U.S. policy
CNN  -- You might think you 're a big deal on Twitter . But unless you 've got more than 20,000 followers there 's a five-year-old horse out there tweeting you into a cyber hole . Their posts mostly involve eating carrots and racing , but that has n't stopped champion thoroughbreds Frankel and Black Caviar amassing a legion of followers to rival most B-grade celebrities . The pair , along with Kentucky Derby and Preakness champ I 'll Have Another , are some of the growing number of racing horses using Twitter to reach out to fans . Like any sports star , it 's no longer enough to simply perform well on the turf . Today , the job of being a champ is an all-encompassing juggernaut of marketing , fanbase and legacy . Key is a presence on social media . And if it 's good enough for our footballers , tennis players and athletes , then why not our winning horses ? Marketing mare Their reasons for setting up a Twitter account are overwhelmingly commercial . In short , Black Caviar 's PR team did it so no one else would . "  Once we trademarked the name ` Black Caviar ' we had to protect it and stop unauthorized use , " marketing manager Stephen Silk told CNN . "  The brand ` Black Caviar ' is one that 's quality , stylish , feminine , fast , sleek . We wanted to stick to that brand . "  We also believed that this was a good way to communicate with a younger audience . " So there 's a definite emphasis on self promotion in Black Caviar 's feed , with the majority of tweets flagging up media appearances . And much like Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt urging followers to download the iPhone app named after him , race horses are also utilizing the marketing power of social media . The Royal Ascot winner recently promoted her own line of equipment : "  Win 1 of 10 Joseph Lyddy Black Caviar 9 piece Grooming Kits visit http://bit.ly/Oyt7WU . " Meanwhile Frankel urged fans to get behind him before racing at Goodwood on Wednesday : "  Thanks for all the tweets , as you can imagine I 'm resting ready for tomorrow ... 10length victory tomorrow I can feel it ... " Tweet Lady It 's a platform that offers horses -- or at least their managers -- an interactive relationship with fans . When Racing Enterprises Limited set up an account for three-year-old bay filly Tweet Lady , it was in the hope of giving the public a unique insight into owning their own race horse . The British mare bills herself as "  The People 's Horse , " tweeting about everything from enjoying the sunshine to her rigorous training regime . Instead of the acronym LOL , the friendly filly ends her posts with NOL  nay out loud , for the uninitiated  . "  It gives people a taster so they can experience what it 's like to own a racehorse -- without forking out the money and paying for one , " said Stephanie Jones , PR executive for Racing Enterprises Ltd , the commercial arm of the British Horseracing Authority . "  People follow her out of curiosity . It 's an amusing way of bringing the horse to life . " Horsing around So Tweet Lady is n't actually knocking her hooves against the keyboard for our reading pleasure , but according to social media expert Kate Bussman , that 's half of the appeal . The author of "  A Twitter Year : 365 days in 140 characters " points to the success of Sockamillion the cat and the Bronx Zoo cobra as irreverent animals endearing themselves to the cyber masses . Sockamillion , known simply as "  Jason Scott 's cat , " boasts almost 1.5 million followers . And all it took was posts like this : "  GAAHHH BLANKET roll roll roll LOVE YOU BLANKET snug snug snug GAH BLANKET roll roll roll RELATIONSHIP STATUS IT 'S COMPLICATED . " As Bussman says : "  Twitter is a format that really does lend itself to humor . The whole point is to be pithy . "  It 's just a funny way to kill a few minutes . " Paws for thought With an estimated 6 % of all pet dogs in the U.S. now boasting a Twitter account , who is behind their newfound digital prowess ? "  We 're seeing this parallel trend now of people setting up funny , jokey accounts , " Bussman said . "  Twitter or Facebook are addictive and it 's proven you get that endorphin buzz if people ` like ' you or retweet you -- even if you 're an anonymous celebrity . " Much like the cobra that went missing from Bronx Zoo last year , sometimes the simplest headline can spark a social media sensation . When a gray-and-white tabby wandered onto the Anfield pitch during an English Premier League match in February , it became an internet hit . The Tottenham Hotspur and Liverpool match was brought to a standstill and the "  Anfield Cat " quickly assumed its own Twitter account . "  Quite disappointed John Terry is n't able to take a penalty , this game has lacked comedy #meow , " is one of the posts that has now attracted more than 75,000 followers . The brains behind the hugely popular cat are anonymous . But perhaps that 's the perfect excuse to say things your human persona never could .	Racehorses increasingly taking to Twitter to reach out to fans Part of a growing number of popular animal accounts on Twitter The key to success is to be funny , argues social media expert Followers experience what it 's like to own a race horse - without buying one
CNN  -- Looking back , all the fuss was a bit silly . Giants quarterback Eli Manning was asked during a radio interview before the season if he thought he was in the same class as Tom Brady , his more heralded counterpart with the Patriots . What was he supposed to say ? "  No , actually , Tom is much better than I am . He is also more handsome . Everyone knows that ! " Of course not . He answered the question the way any proud athlete , with a Super Bowl MVP on his fireplace mantle , would : "  I consider myself in that class , " he told 1050 ESPN in New York during training camp , back in August . "  Tom Brady is a great quarterback , he 's a great player and what you 've seen with him is he 's gotten better every year . He started off winning championships and I think he 's a better quarterback now than what he was , in all honesty , when he was winning those championships . "  I think now he 's grown up and gotten better every year and that 's what I 'm trying to do , " he said . "  I kind of hope these next seven years of my quarterback days are my best . " It was hardly controversial stuff . But because it came from Eli Manning , who goes out of his way to be bland during interviews , it was back page stuff for the New York tabloids . And because he put himself in the elite category of NFL quarterbacks , it became a story that lingered on sports radio for weeks . Eli ? Elite ? After the season he 's had -- and the postseason he 's still having -- the debate is being settled . Manning has the red-hot Giants in the NFC Championship game , one victory against the San Francisco 49ers this Sunday away from a second Super Bowl appearance . His numbers during the regular season were the best of his career : A franchise-record 4,933 yards , 29 touchdown passes and 16 interceptions  down from 25 last season  . He was at his best when under pressure -- an NFL-record 15 of his touchdown passes came in the fourth quarter , helping to lead the Giants to six fourth-quarter victories . He did all this in a season after two of his top targets , receiver Steve Smith and tight end Kevin Boss , signed with the Eagles and Raiders , respectively . And he did it despite a running game , once regarded as one of the best in the league , that was ranked dead last in production . "  He told the New York media he was an elite quarterback , and he was right when he said it , " Giants defensive tackle Justin Tuck said . "  I 've been here seven years with him , and I think he 's playing the best ball he has in those seven years . " But Manning will never be defined by numbers alone , not when three other quarterbacks -- all in the NFC -- threw for more than 5,000 yards in the pass-happy NFL this year . Manning is at his best in big games , and many times , he 's done it against his more highly regarded contemporaries . In leading the Giants to victory in Super Bowl XLII , he defeated Tony Romo , the Cowboys quarterback who many thought was a better player ; Brett Favre , who holds most of the NFL passing records ; and Tom Brady , who has three Super Bowl victories to his credit . This season , he outplayed Green Bay quarterback Aaron Rodgers , the reigning Super Bowl MVP who had -- statistically speaking -- arguably the best season for any quarterback in league history . "  He makes big play after big play , " Giants CEO John Mara said in the victorious locker room after the 37-20 victory over the Packers . "  I never cease to be amazed . He 's pretty special . " Mara was talking to the media just a few yards away from Manning , who was celebrating with his family . His father , Archie , who quarterbacked for the then-awful New Orleans Saints , was there . So was his mother , Olivia , and their oldest son , Cooper , all basking in the glow of victory . The most famous Manning , however , was not : Peyton , the Indianapolis Colts quarterback , missed the entire season with a neck injury that still has not fully healed . His potential return is such a question , that even actor Rob Lowe tweeted that he heard he would retire . The Colts and Manning 's family denied the rumor . But this postseason , at least , Eli Manning is the lone member of the family in the postseason . If he were to beat the 49ers and win the Super Bowl , he 'd get his second championship before Peyton and put himself in an exclusive club . Only 10 quarterbacks have won two Super Bowl titles . Seven of them are in the Hall of Fame , and two others  Brady and Ben Roethlisberger of the Steelers  are still playing . If the first title did n't completely put him in the elite category , a second one would end the debate . "  It 's easy to say , ` Yeah he won , but ... ' " former Dallas quarterback Troy Aikman , who has three titles , said . "  When you win a second Super Bowl or multiple Super Bowls , it eliminates a lot of those buts . It puts you in the conversation of the all-time greats and in the conversation for the Hall of Fame . " Eli is n't thinking about a legacy . He 's not thinking about anything other than the 49ers defense and another road game in the playoffs . The Giants are 2 Â 1/2 point underdogs , but with four straight victories and a vastly improved defense , nobody would be surprised if they won . A few weeks ago , Manning was asked if he regretted the answering the are-you-elite question the way he did . "  Well , the question was if I thought I was an elite quarterback and basically , I was just saying that I did , " he replied . "  I 'm usually not into the business of ranking and rating quarterbacks and comparing myself to other guys . Looking back , I thought I gave an honest answer , and I do n't regret anything . " His answer was honest . It was also accurate . Because after the season he 's had , who could question that he belongs in Brady 's class any more ?	Giants QB Eli Manning said he 's in the same class as Patriots quarterback Tom Brady The comment spurred debate on whether he was an elite quarterback Manning had his best season in 2011 and is one win from the Super Bowl
CNN  -- Argentine soccer legend Diego Maradona has been sacked by United Arab Emirates club Al-Wasl after only 14 months in charge . The 1986 World Cup winner arrived in Dubai on a lucrative contract in May 2011 , but could only manage to take Al-Wasl to eighth place in the 12-team UAE Pro-League -- which resulted in the club 's board resigning . The 51-year-old , who coached Argentina at the 2010 World Cup , was not given the chance to continue his two-year tenure by the new board . "  Following a meeting held by the board of directors of Al Wasl Football Company held today to evaluate the technical staff of Al Wasl Football Team ... it was decided to terminate the services of coach Diego Maradona and his technical staff , " the club said in a statement on Tuesday . Al-Wasl has won the UAE league title seven times , but not since 2007 . Under Maradona , the club won just seven of 22 league games and lost in the quarterfinals of the UAE President 's Cup and the final of the Gulf Clubs Champions League . In March , Maradona angrily confronted fans who abused his wife and friends during a match , and Al-Wasl issued an apology which condemned the supporters ' actions . Maradona is one of the greatest players in soccer history , having starred for Barcelona and Napoli , but his career was marred by controversy over drug use and he suffered from subsequent health problems .	Diego Maradona sacked by Dubai-based soccer club Al-Wasl The 51-year-old had poor results in his only season in charge His future was decided by the club 's new board of directors
CNN  -- I rarely agree with Justice Antonin Scalia , much less side with him in a public debate . But , like Scalia , I am a believer : I believe in God and the devil , and I believe it 's bizarre that so many find that belief so curious . In a widely discussed New York magazine interview with Scalia published Sunday , journalist Jennifer Senior prods the justice about his legacy until he proclaims , "  When I 'm dead and gone , I 'll either be sublimely happy or terribly unhappy . " That 's where a discussion of heaven and hell , God and the devil , begins . Her reaction seems to be that it is outlandish to believe in God , much less the devil . From this point onward , the tension in the interview is palpable . Yet Scalia gamely answers her questions about his beliefs . Yes , he believes in heaven and hell . No , you do n't have to believe in heaven and hell to go to heaven -- everyone 's going one place or the other . For me this exchange recalls my first brushes with insistent secularists and atheists . I come from North Carolina , buckle of the Bible Belt , where few would proudly announce contempt for faith . It had not occurred to me before I left North Carolina that my religious beliefs might become a reason to feel alienated . I am culturally Catholic , the product of Irish , Colombian and Spanish immigrants , but was not baptized in infancy or confirmed in adolescence . As a child , I said the Lord 's Prayer because it comforted me , prayed for the souls of the dead because I loved them , but I had n't met a catechism . Opinion : Hey Justice Scalia , let 's be friends When I moved to Cambridge , Massachusetts , for college , I was surprised to confront pervasive , vocal disdain for religion . I chalked it up to culture clash : These were brash young adults who 'd seen less of the world than they 'd studied , knew less about actual Americans than their counterparts on MTV . In reality , I had just moved from a culture in which faith was presumed to one in which the presumption was against faith . Scalia 's awareness of elite bias against belief shows . In the interview , he tries to make his beliefs legible to nonbelievers , showing humility and alluding to cultural touchstones . He admits , "  I do n't even know whether Judas Iscariot is in hell . I mean , that 's what the pope meant when he said , ` Who am I to judge ? ' "  If you do n't know Judas from the Bible , you 'll recognize him from Dante 's "  Inferno . " I can relate : Explaining faith , especially dogma , is difficult . As many of my peers seemed to be pulling away from formal religion , I opted in : I was baptized and confirmed at 27 -- in a triple-dunk , full-immersion baptism at the university church . Friends asked , what did my initiation mean -- and why Catholicism ? Most queries seemed to demand that I justify my faith ; some exoticized my Christian beliefs . I do n't have all the answers yet . Discussing faith in public life is many orders of magnitude harder , but Scalia tried . Scalia 's interviewer was moving on when the justice "  stage-whispered , " "  I even believe in the Devil . " Senior pursues this out of curiosity , presumably , but her questions are inadvertently tinged with condescension : a surprised , "  You do ? " Even I , a literal neophyte , know most Christians believe in the devil in some form or another . Scalia does n't get testy until Senior asks , "  Is n't it terribly frightening to believe in the Devil ? " He replies : "  You 're looking at me as though I 'm weird . My God ! Are you so out of touch with most of America , most of which believes in the Devil ? Jesus Christ believed in the Devil ! It 's in the Gospels ! " He admonishes , "  You travel in circles that are so , so removed from mainstream America that you are appalled that anybody would believe in the Devil ! " Senior apologizes , explaining , "  It was n't your belief that surprised me so much as how boldly you expressed it . " Scalia replies honestly : "  I was offended by that . I really was . " Scalia may have been harsh , but he 's not wrong . Today , as a third-year law student , I sit in seminars with students who scoff at the idea of lawmaking informed by religion , even though most Americans are religious . I struggle with the question of how to make room for faith in conversations such as these . Should I interject , offer a different view or suggest lawmakers do n't lightly disregard constituents ' convictions ? The same tensions are present in boardrooms , courtrooms and newsrooms across America -- New York magazine 's interview of Scalia is just one demonstration . I do not offer evidence of the devil , just a proposition for secularists and atheists : Even if you do not believe as people of faith do , respect their right to believe and hold opinions informed by belief . Starting from this position in discourse and debate might inaugurate a long overdue -- and respectful -- dialogue about faith in law and politics . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rebecca Buckwalter-Poza .	Rebecca Buckwalter-Poza : Interview with Justice Antonin Scalia took a turn toward religion Interviewer surprised Scalia believes in devil , and writer has faced similar surprise She says as recent Catholic she 's been shocked at disdain some elites hold for faithful Writer : Most in U.S. are religious , and policymakers should n't scoff at such convictions
Okaloosa Island , Florida  CNN  -- If you could have painted the day , it would have been a Monet . A white sandy beach , blue sky and a green ocean that you may have only seen in dreams . Florida 's Emerald Coast , on a Sunday . The only thing out of place were the BP contractors in green shirts and yellow rubber boots , with shovels , rakes and of course , the oil . "  I think it 's fantastic that they have a community of people out here trying to clean up , " said Matt Minardi of Athens , Georgia . "  If I see anything out there that concerns us , we may rethink that , but so far it looks good , " he told CNN . Full coverage of oil disaster Matt Minardi and his family came from Athens for the beach , not the tar balls . They 're getting a lot of the beach , and fortunately , only a few tar balls . Just feet from their umbrella , beach cleanup workers were busy scooping up the pea-sized oil fragments that seem to come in and out with the tide on a semi-regular basis , all along Florida 's Panhandle from Pensacola in the west to Panama City in the east . "  We 're going to keep an eye on the weather . Where the oil is , where it came in from , " said Okaloosa County Commissioner John Jannazo . "  And we 're cleaning up . We had some oil ... and we picked it up , just like that , " he said . Most of the oil is in very small amounts of weathered oil . It 's small and scattered . Florida has not seen or felt the pain that comes with the arrival of thick , black crude on the shoreline . Is there oil on the beach near you ? "  It definitely takes a little away from it , but we 're here and we 're going to try and enjoy ourselves , " said Mike Werkmeister of St. Louis . "  We did n't feel like trying to arrange something else , and we also felt like we should come down and support this community , too , cause they definitely are feeling the effects of this , " he said . Those effects are hitting the Panhandle right smack in the wallet . Tourism is down about 30 to 40 percent , according to state tourism officials . More and more cancellations are coming in each day , throughout the state , where 80 million visitors brought in $ 60 billion dollars in 2009 . Florida county to feds : Stay out of the way "  If you say oil or tar ball to a tourist , they mentally see Louisiana , " said Carol Dover of the Florida Restaurant and Lodging Association , referring to the thick molasses-like oil that has soaked Louisiana 's wetlands . That 's why local officials are quick to get the cleanup crews to those limited places where the weathered crude has come ashore . "  It 's an ongoing fight . We 're anticipating continuing to find and fight oil in places it rises to the surface , for the foreseeable future , " said Lt. Matthew Anderson of the U.S. Coast Guard . "  Our operations are deployed to support this on a wartime footing , " he told CNN . But on Crab Island , the only thing on people 's minds was enjoying a day on the water , while they still can . Boaters flock to this sandbar in the Destin Pass , to hang out and listen to the floating band . And , while they were n't overly distracted by oil , the thought of BP CEO Tony Hayward on his yacht this past weekend raised the blood pressure of some and was a bit of a head scratcher for others . Tony Hayward goes yachting "  He 's probably in some really clean water . No oil . So , he 's not trying to stop the oil leak , " said one man . Johnny Springfield has lived here for 20 years . He says his boating business is down 60 to 70 percent , but his anger is a little on the high side . "  You kind of have to look at that two ways , " he explained . "  One . He was relaxing and he was out on his boat , and we hate that . But on the good side of things , he was n't down here runnin ' his mouth . "	Florida 's Emerald Coast on a Sunday is picture perfect -- blue skies , green water The Minardi family of Georgia finds only a few tar balls on the beach Tourism in Florida Panhandle is down 30 to 40 percent since Gulf oil disaster Says Coast Guard official involved in cleanup : "  It 's an ongoing fight "
CNN  -- "  If ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' is repealed and you are assigned to bathroom facilities  that have  -RSB- an open bay shower that someone you believe to be a gay or lesbian service member also used , which are you most likely to do ? " -- Question on 2010 Department of Defense Comprehensive Review Survey of Uniformed Active Duty and Reserve Service Members * It seems that ensuring shower security for American soldiers and Marines is critical to maintaining our global military pre-eminence . If our brave men and women can not comfortably bathe in environments free from the risk of homosexual lust , how can we expect them to battle armed Taliban insurgents and other enemies ? In order to assess the gay shower hazard and other threats to military readiness if the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy were repealed , the Department of Defense surveyed American troops over the summer . Adm. Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , found the results reassuring . He told the Senate Armed Services Committee , "  Repeal of the law will not prove an unacceptable risk to military readiness . ... I believe our troops and their families are ready for this , " although he acknowledged , "  some soldiers and Marines may want separate shower facilities . " Sen. John McCain , despite having promised in 2006 to respect the judgment of military leaders , disputed the results of the survey . He questioned whether the sample size was representative and noted that soldiers and Marines in combat units were especially concerned about the effects of repeal . Insisting that "  one of our highest responsibilities is to the men and women of our armed services , " the Senate 's self-declared straight-talker demurred , "  it may be premature to make such a change at this time and in this manner , without further consideration of this report and further study of the issue by Congress . " While the government certainly has profound responsibilities to the men and women of our armed services , it is not clear why the precise breakdown of their opinions on "  do n't ask , do n't tell " matters one whit when assessing whether gays and lesbians are permitted to serve with them . When President Harry Truman ordered the armed forces to integrate in 1948 , he did not first commission a survey asking white soldiers what they would do if they had to share a shower bay with a black soldier . If he had , the response in an era of segregated bathrooms would have been unenthusiastic to say the least . There had been some 1940s military surveys about integrating the armed forces ; they showed that opposition by white soldiers ran as high as 80 percent . But as Truman knew , civil rights are not a matter of popular opinion . "  Whereas it is essential that there be maintained in the armed services of the United States the highest standards of democracy , " he wrote in the executive order , "  there shall be equality of treatment and opportunity for all persons in the armed services without regard to race , color , religion , or national origin . " Of course , most of those who support the military 's prohibitions against gays and lesbians reject the analogy . They do not believe that America 's servicemen and women deserve equality of treatment without regard to sexual orientation . But if gays and lesbians have no right to equality of treatment , why bother with surveys at all ? The military could just bar them from serving , as it used to . Or they could even take the matter to the logical extreme by emulating the old racist segregationists . If sexual orientation is not a civil rights issue , why not create segregated units ? Gays and lesbians could have their own barracks , their own ships and their own shower bays . They could even design their own uniforms , adding to those dull dress whites with optional leather pants , fishnets and sequined cocktail dresses . Not only would segregated units aid military recruitment , they would boost morale among the straight troops by siphoning now-closeted gay and lesbian troops into the new homosexual units . Straight soldiers and Marines would no longer have to worry about being surreptitiously ogled in the shower by gays and lesbians pretending to be straight , so they would be able to battle Taliban insurgents with even more unity and effectiveness . There is one potential problem . Because of a shortage of homosexual officers , straight officers would have to lead homosexual units until new gay and lesbian officers could be trained This might cause morale problems among the straight officers . Fortunately , officers are likely to have private showers , avoiding at least one problem . They could also be selected from among those who indicated that if they were assigned to a shower bay with gays or lesbians , they could choose the answer : "  Take no action . " Other than the officers and the uniforms , the homosexual units would be equal in every way to the straight units : separate but equal . It 's a perfect solution . Unless , that is , sexual orientation is a civil rights issue after all . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Michael Wolraich . * Answers : 1  Take no action 2  Discuss how we expect each other to behave and conduct ourselves while sharing a room , berth or field tent 3  Talk to a chaplain , mentor , or leader about how to handle the situation 4  Talk to a leader to see if I have other options 5  Something else 6  Do n't know	Michael Wolraich : Military asked troops what they feel about sharing showers with gays So this means shower security is crucial to battle readiness , Wolraich asks If things are this absurd , why not take it to the next level : segregated units , he writes Wolraich : Polling troops is irrelevant when it 's an issue of civil rights , like integration was
CNN  The new U.S. secretary of defense , Ashton Carter , arrived in Afghanistan on Saturday morning and plans to meet with U.S. troops and Afghan leaders . Carter recently took over as secretary of defense , replacing Chuck Hagel . The Senate confirmed Carter on February 12 . "  The reason for this destination , Afghanistan , in my very first week in office as secretary of defense is because this is where we still have 10,000 American troops and they come first in my mind always , " Carter told reporters on the plane before it landed in Kabul . On Saturday , Carter will meet with U.S. military leaders , Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and Abdullah Abdullah , the nation 's CEO , before going to Bagram to meet U.S. troops . He will visit U.S. troops in Kandahar on Sunday and then leave for Kuwait , where he 'll meet American military leaders , troops and Kuwaiti leaders . He leaves Kuwait on Tuesday morning . Carter said he wants to better understand America 's role in Afghanistan . "  I have seen reports of all kinds giving assessment of how things are going in Afghanistan and I 'm just coming back into the government now and trying to wrap my mind around it , " he said . When asked about ISIS activity in Afghanistan , Carter replied : "  I 've seen the reports of people essentially rebranding themselves as ISIL here in Afghanistan as has occurred in other places . The reports I 've seen still have them in small numbers and aspirational . " Carter , 60 , is a respected technocrat who served in a number of high level positions at the Pentagon . He holds degrees in theoretical physics and medieval history from Yale and Oxford . Hagel , a former Republican senator , resigned after less than two years on the job when he was unable to fully mesh with President Barack Obama 's national security team at the White House . CNN 's Diane Ruggiero contributed to this report .	Ashton Carter was confirmed February 12 as U.S. secretary of defense He will visit U.S. troops and Afghan officials during his two-day stay
New Brunswick , New Jersey  CNN  -- I was 14 on September 11 , 2001 , and I was a freshman at Marlboro High School in Monmouth County , New Jersey . I experienced a lot of anxiety following the attacks . Terrorism was not a new concept to me . Being Jewish , I always had an interest in Israel , and even as a child , I was well aware of the threat and potential for hatred to manifest in malicious action . I became obsessed with the news coverage . Any time I was near a television , I would tune to CNN . I spent more time with Wolf Blitzer than with my parents . And looking back , this behavior was probably not the best for a 14-year-old , or for anyone , but I could n't help it . I was mesmerized by the raw footage and intrigued by the uncertainty of our nation . It was exciting to be a part of the nationalism that characterized America after the attacks , but I was disheartened by its fleeting existence . The anxiety and fear that I experienced on and after the attacks on September 11 came rushing back the instant I heard of Osama bin Laden 's death . Unlike the crowds of people who were seen celebrating in the streets in Washington and at ground zero in Lower Manhattan , I was scared the same way I was on September 11 . It was the first time that I felt scared again . I did not feel safer because he was dead . I was , and still am , fearful of what the reaction will be from his followers . I recalled the images of our retaliation on television : how I could n't discern any specific details , just the glowing green colors from night vision lenses , but knowing that I got what I wanted , what seemed like everyone wanted : revenge . Now , nearly 10 years later , we were told on Sunday night that we had brought bin Laden , the man responsible for the horrific attacks on September 11 , to justice . But while listening to President Obama 's speech , I thought to myself that this is not justice . There will never be justice . Bin Laden already accomplished what he wanted . As Americans watched the towers crumble on September 11 , we realized that America is not an impenetrable force , and our lives would never be the same because of it . Killing bin Laden does not take that away . His actions were founded upon a deep-rooted hatred , a hatred that is shared by many others , whether he is dead or alive . Even the end of his life alone brings fear . The truth is , it will never end . That is the goal of terrorism . I took this class because I felt I needed to . I wanted to use the skills I acquired as a journalism student to tell a side of the September 11 story that has been untapped . I liked the angle of hearing the accounts from children who lost a parent on September 11 and how their lives have been altered because of it . I am slightly older than the other students in the class , and I felt that my experiences on September 11 were less sheltered . I also wanted to take the class because 14 victims were from my hometown -- Marlboro , New Jersey -- and I felt that it was important for it to be represented in the September 11 narrative . There are children who live literally down the street from me , who grew up alongside me , who I did n't even know who were affected by the tragedy . My interview subject , Corbin Mayo , is from Marlboro , and his father was a fire safety director  contracted for the New York/New Jersey Port Authority  for the World Trade Center . I was impressed by Corbin 's willingness to speak about his experiences . As journalists , we distance ourselves from our subjects to avoid biases and to maintain objectiveness , but the focus of our class is centered on narrative journalism , which allows the reporter to establish a closer relationship with the people we interview . The stories we are compiling are not the quintessential accounts of September 11 , depicting where they were when it happened , etc. . These are the stories of their lives now .	Lilonsky interviewed Corbin Mayo for her 9/11 project The Rutgers students ' narratives on the children of 9/11 will appear in September Lilonsky believes that even with bin Laden 's death , "  there will never be justice "
CNN Student News  -- September 2 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Oklahoma & Texas • Iraq • Tripoli , Libya Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Eight-year-old Tineyi takes my hand and leads me into her mud-thatched hut in my home village of Matau in rural Zimbabwe . There , in a dark corner of the room , is a wooden bookshelf . Carefully crafted by her father , it protects her word-filled treasures from the smoky fire inside the small hut where her mother cooks . I smile , knowing that her father has recognized the value these books will bring to his little bookworm -- a life ahead of her with limitless opportunities . It was not a life intended for many girls in Africa . As a cattle-herding tomboy , I was bound to follow in the footsteps of generations of women before me : early marriage , illiteracy and poverty . Back then , most kids in my village never had a chance to attend pre-school because it did n't exist . Instead , we would spend hours chasing birds and monkeys from our parents ' fields . Gold mines and urban factories employed men , while women remained at home to look after their children . The more men could read and write , the better their chances of being employed and able to provide for their family . As a result , families wanted to educate their sons , who became village role models . Without an education , how could girls compete ? How could they become role models , too ? That was more than 40 years ago . Today , change is happening in my beloved Matau , and all across the long red dirt roads , verdant mountains and open blue skies of Africa . The leaders of African countries have made education more of a priority , even for girls . Now , girls can be role models . Girls like me , a cattle herder who married young , and by age 18 had three children and no high school diploma . But I defied the odds , got an education and came back to build a school . Read this : Zimbabwe 's whizz-kid starts university at 14 Matau parents and villagers are seeing the value of educating girls . Girls can become leaders of our communities and our African nations . Many parents bring their daughters to me and ask : "  Can she be just like you ? " Matau parents are sending their daughters to school like never before . Education is the pathway out of poverty and the road to change for boys and girls alike . Mothers , fathers , teachers , brothers and sisters have come together to feed the minds and cultivate growth in learning among children . Extraordinary things can happen when you put the right tools in the hands of communities . They flourish . They become change makers . It is a road to change that leads to Matau and surrounding communities . Here , through a partnership with the Oprah Winfrey Foundation and Save the Children , Matau children are getting a safer school and a better quality education . The community is partnering with Save the Children , the Rural District Council and the Ministry of Education , Sport , Art and Culture , to prepare young boys and girls for school and help older children improve their reading skills , with promising early results . It is an amazing transformation . Our teachers have been trained to keep up with this growth . Oprah : ` Proud momma ' as school girls graduate Matau Community has become the ripple effect of change . You can see it in change makers like the grandmothers here who volunteered and molded nearly 400,000 bricks for the newly constructed school . Molding and curing bricks is exhausting , back-breaking work but when a community owns the process , nothing can stop it . The community realizes something important is at stake : education for all children . Change makers like Dendaredzi , who built the preschool center in his village , and the 346 volunteers who built preschool playgrounds made of locally available materials , and participated in parenting skills training . Change makers like Veronica and 72 other trained volunteers who are promoting and leading after-school reading camps and creating handmade books . Change makers like gogo  grandmother  Kawocha , who never learned to read or write but now encourages her own grandchildren to read at home . She told me in a text message sent by a village boy , "  Tererai , my daughter could not read and write and died leaving orphans under my care . Now they can read at home and I get to participate in their reading , it has never been heard of until the Matau Project . It 's a miracle . " It warms my heart when I picture gogo Kawocha taking part in her grandchildren 's education . Read this : Millionaire educating future leaders But there are many more gogo Kawocha 's in Africa who do not even know they can be part of the solution . How can we involve them , and how can we improve our children 's education ? What more can we do to encourage children to read at home ? What more can we do to promote sending all children to school instead of out into the field to work ? What more can we do to keep girls in school and out of early marriage ? What more can we do to nurture girls as role models ? From my tiny village of Matau and all across this mother continent , we -- our communities -- have the power to bring our African children out of the darkness of illiteracy and into the light of learning . It is a light that beams brightly on progress . It is a light that lets African girls like me and Tineyi dream big . Tinogona ! It is achievable . Learn more about the Tinogona Foundation and Save the Children 's Matau Primary School Project . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tererai Trent .	Poverty and cultural traditions kept Tererai Trent out of school for most of her childhood But that did n't stop the Zimbabwean from fulfilling her desire to get an education Trent has defied odds to earn three degrees , including a PhD Now , she 's ensuring kids from her village have the opportunities she lacked as a child
CNN  -- An Israeli airstrike blasted a residential tower in Gaza on Monday night . CNN video and Hamas-run Aqsa TV showed rockets hitting the structure known as the Italian Tower . Residents evacuated the tower after an earlier drone airstrike known as a "  knock on the roof . " The Palestinian Health ministry said 20 people were injured in the airstrike . The Israeli military said the building housed a Hamas "  command and control center . " Two days ago , an Israeli airstrike in Gaza reduced a 14-story residential building to rubble . Earlier Monday , the Israel Defense Forces said it had destroyed rocket launchers concealed inside a shelter for evacuees in Gaza . The IDF said Palestinian militants had fired rockets from spots next to several civilian facilities in the Al-Shati refugee camp in northern Gaza , including the Shuhada medical facility and the Even Sina and Zlach Halif schools . Both schools had been used as shelters for Gaza residents who had to leave their homes . On Sunday , the IDF said it told residents in the area to evacuate to avoid injury . In the subsequent bombing , the rocket launchers were hit , and the "  rocket arsenal concealed within the facility " was destroyed , causing several secondary explosions and extensive damage , the IDF said . It 's unknown whether there were any casualties . Hamas-run Aqsa TV reported that one person died and three people were critically injured in an airstrike on a vehicle in Gaza City . Ashraf el-Qedra , a spokesman for the Palestinian ministry , posted on his Facebook page that nine people were killed Monday , making a total of 2,131 killed and 10,890 injured in the past 50 days . CNN 's Michael Schwartz contributed to this report .	NEW : Israel says the residential building was a Hamas command center The airstrike injured 20 people , the Palestinian Health Ministry says Israel also says it destroyed rocket launchers hidden near medical facility , schools Palestinian official says nine people were killed Monday
CNN  -- The Supreme Court is set to decide whether to take the same-sex marriage cases on September 29 , a mere 15 months since they overturned the Defense of Marriage Act as unconstitutional . That decision has created a deluge of cases , all of which  save one in Louisiana  have found that same-sex marriage bans are unconstitutional . The pace at which this country has addressed marriage equality has been breathtaking . It was only 10 years ago that Massachusetts became the first state to allow same-sex marriage . It makes some wonder -- is this happening too quickly ? The Supreme Court eventually will decide the issue , and likely the future of marriage equality rests squarely on the shoulders of one man -- Justice Anthony Kennedy . He will be the deciding vote , so he needs to feel comfortable taking the next step . Commentators have suggested that there is hesitancy at the Court on the part of Justice Kennedy and possibly Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg . The concern is not with same-sex marriage , though . It is the long shadow of Roe v. Wade , the Supreme Court 's 1973 decision that found state bans on abortion unconstitutional . Because of the social upheaval following Roe , the justices may fear a similar backlash if they move too quickly on marriage equality . Fortunately , the public 's view of same-sex marriage has kept pace with legal advances for the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender  LGBT  community . A May 2014 Gallup poll shows that 55 % of Americans support same-sex marriage , up from 42 % a mere 10 years ago . For those 18 to 29 , support sky rockets to 78 % , showing the generational nature of this issue . Moreover , 19 states and the District of Columbia now allow same-sex marriage . Even if there was n't clear support , the issues in marriage equality differ significantly from those in the abortion debate . With marriage , the answer is binary -- either same-sex couples can marry or they ca n't . Legislatures have very few policy levers available to undermine marriage rights . This contrasts sharply with the complicated legal issues surrounding abortion . As even Roe itself noted , there are a number of competing interests involved : "  We repeat , however , that the State does have an important and legitimate interest in preserving and protecting the health of the pregnant woman ... and that it has still another important and legitimate interest in protecting the potentiality of human life . " Abortion is a medical procedure , which means the state has an interest in its regulation . Each of these concerns provides legislatures opposed to a woman 's right to choose with a potential lever to attempt to inject the state 's interest , leading to various legal battles over the constitutionality of such efforts . Same-sex marriage does not present these complications . Even if society has yet to achieve a certain level of acceptance of same-sex marriage  although it appears it has  , there is little risk of ongoing social battles over marriage . Indeed , the justifications for banning same-sex marriages are groundless . The Supreme Court has made it clear that religious-based objections can not justify such discrimination against LGBT persons . Legislation that discriminates against certain groups only because the majority disfavors them , for religious or even secular reasons , are not legitimate . Moreover , the argument that allowing same-sex marriage undermines efforts to channel procreation into marriage is nonsensical . We allow infertile couples to marry , so procreation can not be a necessary requirement for marriages . Even if such "  channeling " is a legitimate interest , it would only support the creation of opposite-sex marriage , not a ban on same-sex marriage . No state has advanced a reason why same-sex marriage bans would have any impact on the procreation of straight persons . As Judge Richard Posner on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit explained  with great rhetorical flourish  : "  Heterosexuals get drunk and pregnant , producing unwanted children ; their reward is to be allowed to marry . Homosexual couples do not produce unwanted children ; their reward is to be denied the right to marry . Go figure . " The "  shotgun wedding " defense of same-sex marriage bans is meritless . Same-sex marriage does n't undermine marriage . Instead , it serves to enhance and confirm the importance of marriage in today 's society . Thousands of gay couples are fighting for the right to enter an institution that has been waning within the heterosexual community , with divorce on the rise and couples choosing to cohabitate instead of getting married . Those in favor of marriage should be happy that gays and lesbians are fighting for inclusion , breathing fresh life into marriage 's faltering lungs . So , if Justice Kennedy is reading this -- it 'll be OK . Take the next step . The time has come to open the doors to marriage to all couples , regardless of their sex or gender . America is ready , and we can handle it .	Supreme Court will decide on taking same-sex marriage cases on September 29 Tim Holbrook : Future of marriage equality likely rests on Justice Anthony Kennedy Because of the upheaval following Roe v. Wade , the justices may fear a similar backlash Holbrook : Justices should n't worry , America is more than ready for marriage equality
PRAGUE , Czech Republic  CNN  -- A passenger train rumbling through the Czech Republic slammed into a collapsed overpass , causing the deaths of at least a half dozen passengers and the injuries of a few dozen more , according to a Czech News Agency account . An areal view shows the scene of the train accident in Studenka , 360 kilometers east of Prague . The EuroCity train , which was traveling about 140 kilometers , or 87 miles , an hour at the time of the accident , crashed around 10:30 a.m. near the Czech town of Studenka . It had been headed from the Polish city of Krakow to the Czech Republic capital of Prague , and was carrying people who were planning to attend an Iron Maiden rock concert , the state-run news agency said . Officials said the engine and its six passenger carriages derailed when part of a bridge under construction fell down as the train approached . At least six people were killed and 41 others were injured , officials said . Initial estimates said 10 people were killed and around 100 were injured . Zdenek Nytra , head of Moravian-Silesian firefighters , said rescuers extricated all survivors , according to the agency .	Reports : Train crashed into a collapsed overpass , with up to 10 possibly dead EuroCity train going from Polish city of Krakow to the Czech capital , Prague Incident occured at around 0830 GMT , officials say
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro lashed out at U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday for demanding changes on the island in order to improve bilateral relations and referred to him as "  stupid . " On Wednesday , Obama told Hispanic journalists that he would be willing to change the country 's tough line on Cuba "  when we start seeing a serious intention on the part of the Cuban government to provide liberty for its people . " On Thursday , Castro responded with sarcasm in a written essay published in Cuban state media . "  How nice ! How intelligent ! So much generosity has failed to let him understand that after 50 years of blockade and crimes against our country , they have n't been able to bow our people . " He went on to say many things would change in Cuba , but only thanks to Cubans ' own efforts and "  despite " the United States . "  Perhaps that empire will collapse first , " he added . He also slammed a recent ruling by a U.S. judge against a Cuban agent , but he said it was to be expected . "  Otherwise , the empire would cease to be the empire and Obama would cease to be stupid . "	Castro blasts Obama for demanding changes in Cuba Obama said Cuba should provide liberty to its people Castro sarcastically recalls 50 years of "  crimes against our country "
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- An English tourist kidnapped from a remote Kenyan resort is being held by pirates in a remote corner of Somalia , according to experts and security analysts in Nairobi . "  Gangs from Southern Somalia took her up the coast and then moved her several times , " said Andrew Mwangura , a piracy expert and maritime editor of Somalia Report , an independent online publication . Judith Tebbutt was abducted by armed men from a remote safari lodge near to the Somali border earlier this month . Her husband , David Tebbutt , was killed in the attack when he resisted , according to Kenyan police . A Kenyan man has been charged in connection with the attack , a lawyer familiar with the case told CNN Monday . Ali Babitu Kololo , who worked at the luxury resort in Kiwayu where the attack took place , was charged with robbery with violence and abducting with the intention to murder , according to a lawyer present at the hearing at the Lamu law courts . Kololo pleaded not guilty to both counts . A second man , Issa Sheck Saadi , is expected to appear in court at a later date . Details of the incident are still sketchy and the British government has asked journalists not to reveal the exact location of Tebbutt to avoid abduction attempts from rival gangs . Initially , it was feared that al-Shabaab , the al Qaeda-linked militant group , had conducted the operation as a revenge attack against the British nationals . But a security analyst based in Nairobi , who tracks piracy operations but is not authorized to speak to the media , also believes this is the work of pirates . "  This is not the work of al-Shabaab , " he said , "  this is the work of southern armed gangs and pirates . " No ransom demands have been made yet , says Mwangura . But if Somali pirates carried out the operation , it represents a marked departure in tactics . For years , pirates have attacked commercial ships in the busy shipping lanes between Europe and Asia . A cargo ship has insurance , and after months of negotiations pirates can often clear several million U.S. dollars . Some analysts believe that Somali pirates are now moving onto land because it 's getting harder out at sea . "  Their inability to operate freely in the waters is forcing them onto land , " says Andrews Atta-Asamoah , a senior researcher at the Institute for Security Studies . "  It 's significant if you place it in the context of the struggle against piracy . Since the whole push against piracy by international navies , the pirates have been looking for new territory and new frontiers . " Atta-Asamoah says that Kenya is a natural target because if its porous border with Somalia and a high number of foreign visitors and workers . The Kenyan government , prompted by their reliance on tourism for foreign exchange , says they are making every effort to secure the border with Somalia . Others say that , rather than a trend , this is a one-time attack caused by a more prosaic fact : the weather . Monsoon rains off the coast of Somalia at this time of year makes operating offshore difficult . "  This incident is a special case , " says Mwangura .	NEW : A Kenyan man is charged in connection with the attacks Judith Tebbutt was taken from a Kenyan lodge earlier this month Officials believe she is being held in a remote corner of Somalia Analyst believes this is the work of Somali pirates
Moscow  CNN  -- Russia 's upper house of parliament voted Wednesday to revoke the right of President Vladimir Putin to use troops in Ukraine as efforts continue to calm a separatist uprising in Ukraine 's east . The Federation Council had approved Putin 's request for a resolution allowing the use of force on March 1 . But Tuesday , Putin sent a letter to the speaker of the upper house seeking to cancel the resolution . One lawmaker voted against revoking the powers Wednesday , with 153 in favor . Putin 's request was made in light of ongoing talks on how to settle the crisis in Ukraine 's eastern regions , said presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov . Russia and Ukraine have been engaged in a tense standoff since March when Russia annexed the previously Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea and massed troops along other parts of its border with Ukraine . Ukraine 's new President , Petro Poroshenko , declared a cease-fire last week in Kiev 's fight against pro-Russia separatists in an effort to calm the situation . The violence continued Tuesday when Ukrainian authorities said pro-Russia militants shot down a military helicopter in eastern Ukraine , killing nine . However , peace talks involving representatives from all sides were under way Wednesday in the Ukrainian city of Donetsk , Ukraine 's official Ukrinform news agency said . Those participating included Ukrainian government officials , pro-Russia separatists from the restive eastern Luhansk and Donetsk regions , Russian officials and members of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe . On Wednesday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the United States and Europe plan on additional sanctions against Russia , depending on what choices it makes ahead . Asked if the parliament vote to revoke Putin 's power to use force in Ukraine was sufficient action to delay sanctions , Kerry said that he needed to see more . The parliamentary action is a positive step , Kerry said , but it could be easily reversed . The greatest difference will be made when Putin publicly calls for separatists in Ukraine to lay down their arms , Kerry said . NATO chief : Peace plan a step forward NATO foreign ministers on Wednesday endorsed a package of support strengthening the ability of Ukraine , which is not a member of the alliance , to defend itself . Agreed to after talks in Belgium with Ukraine 's new foreign minister , Pavlo Klimkin , the package includes "  the creation of new trust funds to support defense capacity building in critical areas such as logistics , command and control , cyber defense and to help retired military personnel to adapt to civilian life , " according to NATO . "  Ukraine has a clear vision for rebuilding its defense and security sector and a clear strategy for resolving the crisis , " NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said . Poroshenko 's peace plan is "  a major step forward and we fully support it , " he added . Rasmussen also called on Russia "  to create conditions for the implementation of the peace plan , to end its support for separatist troops , and to stop the flow of weapons and fighters across its border . " The meeting comes ahead of a NATO summit in Wales in September "  at a time when security challenges are multiplying beyond our borders , " Rasmussen said . "  Today we stressed the importance of our collective defense . " The ministers from the 28 NATO members -- some of whom are former Soviet states whose nerves have been frayed by Russia 's actions against Ukraine -- also agreed to maintain the suspension of practical civilian and military cooperation with Russia . "  There will be no business as usual with Russia until Russia comes back into line with its international obligations , " Rasmussen said . Coordinated sanctions Kerry met with Klimkin ahead of Wednesday 's talks . Kerry also met Tuesday evening with EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton and representatives of other world powers , a senior State Department official said . Kerry discussed their joint support for Poroshenko 's peace plan and the importance of preparing additional coordinated sanctions if Putin does not take further steps , the official said . The United States and European Union have already imposed targeted economic sanctions against certain Russians and companies over Russia 's activities in Ukraine . The resolution authorizing Russia to use force in Ukraine was passed three weeks before Russia completed its annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea region , which other world powers condemned . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . Journalist Victoria Butenko and CNN 's Lindsay Isaac and Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	NATO agrees to a package of support to help Ukraine defend itself Russia 's Federation Council cancels resolution authorizing use of troops in Ukraine President Vladimir Putin asked for the step in light of peace talks , his spokesman says John Kerry and other NATO foreign ministers are meeting in Belgium
New York  CNN  -- David Ranta , who was released from prison a day earlier because of a wrongful conviction , suffered a heart attack Friday evening , according to his lawyer . "  My office is happy to report that he 's been stabilized and is being treated in cardiac intensive care at a metropolitan hospital , " Pierre Sussman said in a statement released Saturday . Ranta 's second-degree murder conviction stemmed from the 1990 killing of a rabbi during a diamond heist . A witness two decades later came forward and said he had been coached to identify Ranta from a police lineup . After an investigation , prosecutors recommended that Ranta 's conviction be tossed out . "  Mr. Ranta , to say that I 'm sorry for what you have endured would be an understatement and grossly inadequate , but I say it to you anyway , " Judge Miriam Cyrulnik said during an emotional hearing Thursday that left even the judge wiping her eyes . Hours after Ranta 's release from prison , Sussman told CNN that his client intends to file a civil rights lawsuit against the city of New York and the New York Police Department . He said the accumulated trauma of being wrongfully convicted and incarcerated for 23 years had an immense effect on Ranta 's health . "  David wants me to express appreciation to all of his supporters and well-wishers , not only from New York , but from around the world , " Sussman said Saturday . CNN 's Mary Snow , Aaron Cooper , Raelyn Johnson , Laura Ly and Jordana Ossad contributed to this report .	David Ranta served 21-plus years for the killing of a Brooklyn rabbi in 1990 A witness told prosecutors he 'd been coached Former inmate suffers heart attack
CNN  -- The old adage has it that you wait ages for one bus then two come along at once -- but Jimmy Walker is n't complaining . Three months ago he won his first PGA title at the Frys.com Open on his eighth year on the tour , but he did n't have to wait long for his second . After a round of 63 at Waialae Country Club in Honolulu he finished one shot ahead of the field to take the Sony Open title and secure an early birthday present ahead of turning 35 on Thursday . A run of four birdies in the final six holes saw Walker finish on 17-under par , one shot ahead of fellow American Chris Kirk , and two clear of Harris English . "  I think Frys taught me a lot , " Walker told the PGA Tour 's official website . "  It was stay patient , stay focused , do n't get bent out of shape when you make a bogey or any of that kind of stuff . "  It took me a long time to do it and I feel like I did learn a lot that week . I felt very calm and under control , that 's what you 've got to do when it 's time want to win . "  Today was awesome , I felt in control all day , of my emotions mentally and physically , and it was really cool golf . "  I stayed patient , I did n't make any bogeys , I made a really key par putt on 14 and then the string of birdies there was pretty awesome . " Walker was one of only two players to stay bogey-free on Sunday and after going 188 starts without a PGA Tour win , it has taken him just five more to lock down a second . He credits the work he 's done with famed coach Butch Harmon in the past year , who has also worked with Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson , for transforming his game . "  When I went and saw him , he said I believe in you and I believe you 've got a lot of talent , and I think you 're under utilizing what you 've got , " Walker said . "  He 's a very confident person . When he tells you something , you believe it . "	Jimmy Walker wins the Sony Open title in Honolulu , Hawaii Walker won his first PGA Tour title in 188 attempts in October He beats rest of the field by one shot to finish on 17-under par
