CNN  -- According to a new report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , prescription drug overdose deaths in Florida are up a staggering 265 % since 2003 . But it 's not just the deaths that have Florida officials worried ; it 's the births . "  We saw the number of crack babies that died , and this is just another version of that , " Broward County Sheriff Al Lamberti said . "  We all need to be concerned . " According to state health records , nearly 1,400 Florida babies were born suffering from drug withdrawal syndrome in 2010 , a fourfold increase since 2003 . The state does not track the specific drug the babies are hooked on , but south Florida doctors and neonatal nurses believe the increase is due to a sharp increase in pregnant women addicted to prescription drugs . "  They go through withdrawal symptoms , " said Mary Osuch , the head nurse at Broward General Medical Center 's neonatal intensive care unit . "  They 're crampy , miserable . They sweat . They can have rapid breathing . Sometimes , they can even have seizures . " According to the White House Office on Drug Control Policy , prescription drug abuse is the nation 's fastest-growing drug problem . Marsha Currant , who runs the Susan B. Anthony Recovery Center near Fort Lauderdale , says prescription drug addiction overtook crack in 2009 as the main problem afflicting the pregnant women who are treated there . "  In the very beginning , it was really 100 % crack cocaine , " said Currant , who started keeping track of drug trends in 1995 . "  We see a lot more prescription drugs now . " Currant says new mothers who are hooked on prescription drugs are often reluctant to seek help for fear the authorities will take their babies from them . "  We wanted to have a place where women did n't have to chose between getting treatment and having their children go into foster care , " she said . Compounding the problem , women who are addicted to prescription drugs and find themselves pregnant can not safely go off the drugs without medical supervision . They need to be weaned off slowly , or the baby will go into withdrawal in the womb . At the Susan B. Anthony Center , one mother who became hooked on prescription drugs after her husband died says she felt her baby suffering while she was getting clean . "  I know that I 'm going through stuff getting off the pills . So what 's she going through ? She ca n't talk . She 's just a baby , " Jessica said . Thanks to the center , Jessica was weaned off oxycodone before her baby , Casey , was born . But she fears the long-term effects of her drug abuse on her daughter , who has been suffering from respiratory problems . "  I want to make sure that she does n't hurt anymore , " Jessica said . "  She does n't deserve that , because she 's a princess . " Jessica graduated from the center 's recovery program last week .	Hundreds of Florida babies have been born addicted to drugs Infants "  go through withdrawal symptoms , " nurse says Government says prescription drug abuse is nation 's fastest-growing drug problem Mothers are often reluctant to seek help
CNN  -- Tropical Storm Ana threatened the Caribbean on Saturday , but it was too early to know how much trouble the first named storm of the 2009 Atlantic hurricane season might cause . Forecasters expect Tropical Storm Ana to hit the Leeward Islands on Monday . Ana formed overnight and was expected to gain strength as it moved west toward the Leeward Islands , where forecasters expect it to hit on Monday . The Dutch Antilles issued a storm watch for St. Maarten , Saba and St. Eustatius , meaning tropical storm conditions are expected in the islands within 36 hours , according to the Miami , Florida-based National Hurricane Center . For now , the center has advised the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico to monitor the storm 's progress . As of 8 p.m. ET , Ana was about 730 miles  1,180 km  east-southeast of the Leeward Islands , according to the hurricane center . Ana , with maximum sustained winds of 40 mph  65 kph  , was moving west at about 17 mph  28 kph  , the center reported . The storm is expected to turn west-northwest over the next few days , the center said . Ana may eventually hit Haiti and the Dominican Republic , but forecasters ca n't say whether Ana will strike the continental U.S. Further east in the Atlantic , Tropical Storm Bill has developed and is expected to become a hurricane Wednesday . Forecasters say Bill could evolve into a Category 3 hurricane as it approaches the Leeward Islands by Wednesday or Thursday . Bill was about 820 miles  1,320 km  west-southwest of the Cape Verde islands at 5 p.m. ET .	NEW : Ana is 730 miles east of Leeward Islands , moving west at 17mph Virgin Islands , Puerto Rico advised to monitor storm 's progress Storm has maximum sustained winds of 40 mph , hurricane center says
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- A plane caught fire and crashed soon after taking off from the Nepalese capital of Kathmandu , killing all 19 people on board , the Himalayan country 's Civil Aviation Authority said Friday . There were 16 passengers and three crew members on the plane when it crashed near the Manohara River in Bhaktapur District , the Civil Aviation Authority said . The river is in the same valley as Kathmandu , The plane was scheduled to fly from Kathmandu to Lukla , a village in northeastern Nepal that is a popular staging post for people on their way to Mount Everest , the world 's tallest peak . This time of year is the peak season for visitors to the Everest region . The cause of the crash was not immediately clear . The plane was a Dornier aircraft operated by Sita Air .	The crash kills 16 passengers and three crew members The plane was flying to a village popular with people traveling to Everest The cause of the crash was not immediately clear
Sunset  -- Check out these 10 scenic spots to swim , float and soak in the sun at the West 's amazing national parks . Best for adventure : Grand Canyon National Park , Arizona Okay , here 's the catch . There 's just one way to reach most Colorado River beaches in the canyon -- and that 's by rafting down the river . Only then do you experience secluded beaches like Football and Owl Eye . Many people , of course , consider the 3 - to 18-day trips one of the high points of their lives . As for the beach experience , the water is n't warm -- figure anywhere from 48 ° to 60 ° -- but given that Grand Canyon summer temps can rise to above 100 ° , it feels , says veteran outfitter Steve Hatch , "  just great . " Do n't miss : Well , the river rafting . Trips are often booked up far in advance , but in this recessionary year , you should be able to slip into one now through the end of the season in midfall . Get there : All-inclusive river trips from $ 1,100 for four days ; nps.gov / grca for a list of park-approved outfitters . -- Peter Fish Sunset 's guide to the Grand Canyon Best lazy float : Yosemite National Park , California With El Capitan and Half Dome towering above , the Merced River beaches in Yosemite Valley sometimes get forgotten . Which is a mistake , especially in summer , when valley temps sizzle and the river water is blissfully cool . The two main beaches , Cathedral and Sentinel , are great for splashing or bobbing around in an inner tube . Do n't miss : Taking on the Merced by raft . Rent a four - to six-person raft at Curry Village Recreation Center , and float 3 miles to Sentinel Beach ; the $ 26 fee includes shuttle service back to your start . Get there : In summer , take the El Capitan Shuttle to stop E4 and walk 1/4 mile to Cathedral Beach , or get off at E5 , 1/2 mile from Sentinel Beach ; $ 20 per vehicle ; nps.gov / yose or 209/372 -8319  raft rental  . -- Peter Fish Sunset : 36 fun fall escapes Best beachcombing : Olympic National Park , Washington The easy 3-mile  one-way  hike to Shi Shi Beach , near Neah Bay , is best made at low tide , when you encounter some of the best tidepools on Earth . Against the backdrop of towering sea stacks , Pacific waves , and the occasional kayaker , peer down at neon pink and chartreuse sea anemones and bright orange seastars . Do n't miss : Point of the Arches , a mind-bending array of sea stacks 1.3 miles down the beach . Get there : Neah Bay , about 160 miles northwest of Seattle , is on the Makah Indian Reservation ; ask for a map when you buy your Makah Recreation Pass  $ 10  ; nps.gov / olym or 360/645 -2711  reservation info  . -- Matt Villano Best desert oasis : Glen Canyon National Rec Area , Utah/Arizona A blue mirage set in red rocks , Lake Powell -- which forms the watery heart of Glen Canyon National Rec Area -- has nearly 2,000 miles of shoreline , which means a lot of Lake Powell beaches to choose from . A few , like Lone Rock Beach , can be reached by car . But some of the best are nameless coves accessed only by boat . Good thing you can rent powerboats at three lake marinas : Antelope , Bullfrog , and Wahweap .  Houseboats are also popular , but you ca n't navigate into narrow coves as well . Do n't miss : A cruise to the lake 's south shore and Rainbow Bridge National Monument , home to the world 's largest known natural rock bridge . Get there : $ 15 per vehicle ; nps.gov / glca or lakepowell.com  boat rental  . -- Peter Fish Sunset : 10 great dog-friendly getaways Best for surf and sun : Santa Monica Mountains National Rec Area , California Malibu-ites know to skip the Zuma tourist zoo and come to El Matador . Officially one of three beaches that make up Robert H. Meyer Memorial State Beach -- likely to provoke a "  Huh ? " even from locals -- it 's a gem tucked from sight at the foot of sandstone cliffs  and accessed by a dirt trail and stairway  . Out in the waves , bodyboarders and surfers perform aerial acrobatics . On shore , scenically carved sea caves make El Matador a favorite with photographers , often seen snapping away at leggy models . Do n't miss : The chance to take a photo of one of Southern California 's best sunsets . Get there : 10 miles up the coast from Malibu on Pacific Coast Hwy . between Broad Beach and Decker Canyon Roads ; $ 8 per vehicle ; parks.ca.gov or 805/370 -2301 . -- Ken McAlpine Best for solitude  even on weekends  : Point Reyes National Seashore , California Most visitors to Point Reyes do n't know about Limantour Beach . They zip out along Sir Francis Drake Boulevard to crashing North Beach or to Drakes Beach , where there 's a proper visitor center and cafe . Few think to turn off instead at Limantour Road , which dead-ends in deserted grassy dunes . All the better for you . Climb up and over , and you 'll see a narrow finger of sand stretching 2 miles north between Drakes Bay and a mighty estuary teeming with birds . Out at the tip , harbor seals loll and bark . On the rare sunny summer day , the water is calm and swimmable . Do n't miss : A walk with your pooch , welcome on-leash at the section south of the parking lot . Get there : From the Bear Valley Visitor Center , head north about 1/4 mile to Bear Valley Rd. , turn left and follow it 1 1/4 miles to Limantour Rd. , then turn left again and go 7 1/2 miles to the parking lot at Limantour Beach ; nps.gov / pore or 415/464 -5100 . -- Lisa Trottier Sunset : 10 places for your life list Best for thinking really , really big : Redwood National Park , California To step from a redwood forest onto the wide-to-the-sky spread of Gold Bluffs Beach is an unforgettable memory . Equally memorable are the Roosevelt elk grazing in the meadows , then making their regal , antlered way through the sand . The world 's tallest trees , America 's largest elk -- sometimes size does matter . Officially in Prairie Creek Redwoods State Park , the beach is cooperatively managed by California State Parks and the surrounding Redwood National Park . Do n't miss : The oasis of Fern Canyon , back from the beach , where sinuous walls , blanketed by moist green , press in on a cobbled stream . Get there : 50 miles north of Eureka and 40 miles south of Crescent City , take Davison Rd. off U.S. 101 ; $ 8 per vehicle ; parks.ca.gov or 707/465 -7335 . -- Ken McAlpine Best ocean-view swimming hole : Haleakala National Park , Maui , Hawaii Hawaii 's national parks feature volcanoes , not beaches . And yet Maui 's Haleakala National Park includes a "  beach " of a sort -- not sand but large , warm basaltic stones ; not ocean but the refreshing roar of plunging freshwater cascades . Oheo Gulch  popularly misnamed Seven Sacred Pools  lies beyond Hana town in the verdant Kipahulu district . The lower pools , right off the roadside parking lot , are superb "  swimming holes , " but they crowd up by midday ; get there before 10 . Do n't miss : The moderate 2-mile trek on the Pipiwai Trail to 400-foot-sheer Waimoku Falls , the most beautiful in Hawaii . Get there : 10 miles southwest of Hana on State 31 ; $ 10 per vehicle ; nps.gov / hale or 808/248 -7375 . -- Paul Wood Best for a city stroll : Golden Gate National Rec Area , California Knockout views . Appealing mix of people . Good coffee . Crissy Field gives you everything you love about San Francisco in one scenic package . A historic Army airfield transformed into a native plant-lined beach oasis , Crissy draws jogging moms with strollers , kitesurfers , picnickers , dog walkers , cyclists , fishermen , and 8-year-olds letting the cool bay water lap their toes . All this and the Golden Gate Bridge looming gracefully , plus lattes , baked goods , and book browsing at the Warming Hut . Do n't miss : Let 's Be Frank 's superior grass-fed beef hot dogs from the cart just outside the Warming Hut on weekends . Get there : From downtown S.F. , take Marina Blvd. to Baker St. , where it turns into Mason St. , then follow it west  along Crissy Field  to parking ; nps.gov / goga or 415/561 -3040  Warming Hut  . -- Peter Fish Best escape from reality : Channel Islands National Park , California It takes your catamaran roughly an hour to cross the Santa Barbara Channel from the Southern California mainland to Scorpion Anchorage on Santa Cruz Island . And during that time , the world with all its worries falls away . The pretty cobbled beach is just a launching point : From here , you can snorkel in the diverse kelp forest just off the beach or paddle a kayak farther out , past the island 's dark cliffs and sea caves . Do n't miss : The short hike from the beach up Smugglers Road to the high bluff and the stand of cypress pines known as Delphine 's Grove , where you 'll fall under the spell of a sweeping ocean view and the sound of the wind in the boughs . Get there : Island Packers boats leave from Ventura Harbor  $ 48 round-trip ; 805/642 -1393  ; nps.gov / chis or 805/658 -5730 . -- Ken McAlpine	The water along Yosemite 's Merced River beaches is blissfully cool in summer The tide pools in Washington 's Olympic National Park are full of intriguing creatures Crissy Field gives you everything you love about San Francisco in one scenic package
When a man tells me to "  trust him , " my typical reaction is to run . When he tells me this while trying to get me to jump off a Swiss mountain with only a paragliding sail to stop me from plummeting to earth , I should run even faster -- even if he does look like Keanu Reeves . Instead , I ignore my irrational fear of heights and rational fear of men using bad cliches , take a running leap then gasp as the sheer terror subsides and I find myself soaring into the Alpine air . Below me the Swiss countryside unfolds like a map , with stunning views of the peaks of Eiger , Monch and Jungfrau , and the waters of Brienz and Thun lakes . It turns out the worst part of my first-ever paragliding flight -- made in tandem with an instructor resembling the star of "  The Matrix " -- was the apprehension beforehand . It took me a while to build up the courage to even sign up for the flight , after but several hours of watching other people effortlessly winging their way over the glaciers from Beatenberg to Interlaken , I decided to do it . Still nervous , I opted for the tamer version of the rides on offer . Versions aimed at thrill seekers involve extreme aerobatics or high altitude James Bond-style takeoffs at Schilthorn , the 2,970 meter  9,700 feet  peak where "  On Her Majesty 's Secret Service " was filmed . Stuffed penguin There 's even a ride that allows fliers to make a grand entrance at a mountaintop restaurant , but with my aeronautic jitters , I could see this ending in disaster . Once aloft and floating serenely , I apparently can do no wrong , according to my instructor . All I need to do is sit tight , he says , which is just as well considering I feel like a stuffed penguin thanks to the layers of padding I 'm wearing . I get a chance to catch my breath and take in the staggeringly huge panoramic vista , which is great as long as I do n't look down too often . During the flight , my instructor takes pictures with a wide angle camera attached to an extendable pole , all of which turn out the same thanks to the tortured smile plastered on my face . He explains that the trick to staying for long periods is to find rising air currents known as thermals and circle around in them to gain height . Early mornings , he says , are best as the weather is more predictable . After that little tutorial , he offers to show off some nifty tricks . We 're in midair , dangling from a scrap of crescent-shaped nylon fabric . What could possibly go wrong ? We do a quick , sharp dip to the left , followed by another to the right . Hit the ground running Before my dislodged heart can creep back to its original lodgings , we do a 360-degree turn . The pirouette is fantastic except that even when we stop spinning , my world does n't . This is n't an experience for the faint of heart or full of stomach , but we survive to glide peacefully over alpine pastures , tiny chocolate box houses , lakes and grazing sheep . To land , we have to stand up in the harness and be prepared to hit the ground running , a fact that gets me panicking all over again . "  You can do it , " deadpans Keanu . The worst that can happen , he says , is I 'll graze a knee or break a leg . We manage , though I spoil the effect somewhat by crumpling into a heap and doing an excellent imitation of a beached whale . This is n't enough to dampen my spirits though , especially since I 'm now the proud owner of a certificate proving my pluck . The spectacular flight over Switzerland will always be a good reminder that one can overcome fear with willpower . Within reason , of course , I 'm not about to jump off anything attached to a flimsy parachute just yet . Not even for anyone who looks like Keanu Reeves . How to get in the air There are several paragliding options involving scenic train rides , gondola rides and thematic flights . The classic Tandem flight with instructor from Beatenberg to Interlaken . Skywings ; +41 79 266 8228 ; CHF175  $ 193 Scenic railway/hiking route Fliers can take the scenic Gornergrat railway or hike up to a route that overlooks the Monte Rosa and Theodul glaciers . Alpine Adventures Zermatt ; takeoff from Riffelberg ; available until October 19 , 2014 ; +41 79 643 6808 ; CHF150  $ 166 View of the National Ski Piste From the top of the National Ski Piste , this flight heads out toward the Sunnegga restaurant , as skiers tear down the all-year runs below . Alpine Adventures Zermatt ; takeoff from Blauherd ; available until October 5 , 2014 ; +41 79 643 6808 ; CHF150  $ 166 Klein Matterhorn Launching from the Klein Matterhorn  altitude 3,883 meters  involves taking the highest ski lift in Europe to one of the highest lift-accessible takeoff points in the world . The reward is n't just a view of Switzerland but a chunk of northern Italy on a flight that soars above mighty glaciers , glacial ski runs and the Trockener Steg restaurant . Alpine Adventures Zermatt ; takeoff from Klein Matterhorn ; available all year ; +41 79 643 6808 ; CHF280  $ 309 The Breithorn experience This experience involves a guided climb of two hours from Klein Matterhorn up to Breithorn  more than 4,000 meters  . Views of Switzerland and Italy , tumbling icefalls and glacial scenery guaranteed . Not for the unfit . Alpine Adventures Zermatt ; +41 79 643 6808 Romantic ride on a traditional cog railway This evening flight starts with a ride on a traditional cog railway followed by a 20-minute hike . Twin Paragliding ; +41 79 622 5100 ; takeoff from Schynige Platte ; CHF200  $ 220 The James Bond experience This trip reaches Schilthorn via gondola , then flies through the mountains with an exceptionally close view of the Eiger , Monch and Jungfrau . Offered by : Twin Paragliding ; +41 9 622 51 00 ; Skywings ; +41 79 266 8228 ; FlyStar , +41 79 354 5251 ; takeoff from Schilthorn Valley of Waterfalls This one starts at the top of the Valley of Waterfalls in the mountain village of Murren and takes in steep rock faces and cascading rivers . Skywings ; +41 79 266 8228 ; takeoff from Murren ; available all year ; CHF180  $ 199 Long Stairs flight A cable car takes fliers to the top of Europe 's longest stairs at Niesen . The flight path passes the castle of Spiez to land next to a vineyard on the edge of Lake Thun . FlyStar ; +41 79 266 8228 ; takeoff from Niesen ; CHF260  $ 287 Paragliding courses Verbier Summits , run by twin brothers and professional stunt pilots , offer courses ranging from taster to speed flying . Verbier Summits ; +41 79 710 9132 ; from CHF160  $ 177	Paragliding adventures include James Bond-style takeoff at Schilthorn , where "  On Her Majesty 's Secret Service " was filmed Trick to staying in the air is to find and circle around air currents known as thermals Licensed paragliders looking to up the adrenaline can try speed flying , an extreme combination of paragliding and skiing
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz called school choice "  the most compelling civil rights issue of the 21st century " and suggested it will be a significant focus of the Senate Judiciary Committee 's subcommittee on the Constitution , civil rights and human rights when he becomes chairman in the new Congress . The potential GOP presidential contender made the remarks during a Senate hearing on community policing , scheduled in the wake of racial protests sparked by the deaths of two unarmed African-American men at the hands of white police officers . New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker and Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison , both African-American , and Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez , who is Latino , offered testimony during the hearing on the ways in which an uneven application of the law has impacted their respective racial communities . Each Democrat punctuated their testimony with stories of their own encounters with discrimination . But Cruz , in opening remarks before those three panelists spoke , highlighted school choice -- a phrase typically used by conservatives to connote the expansion of charter school programs -- as a key civil rights issue . "  When it comes to civil rights , I think there is no civil right more important than the right of every child to access a quality education , " Cruz said . "  And in my view , the most compelling civil rights issue of the 21st century is the the need to expand school choice and educational options so that every child , regardless of race ... has a fair opportunity to receive an excellent education . " He said while school choice has n't been a focus of the subcommittee , he hopes it will be during the next two years , when he 'll take over the gavel . Though charter school programs have drawn many critics , who believe they siphon needed funds and resources away from public schools , they 've also earned some bipartisan support . Proponents of the policy tout their ability to provide low-income and minority students access to better educational opportunities than they might otherwise have in their own neighborhoods .	Texas Sen. Ted Cruz labels school choice "  the most compelling civil rights issue of the 21st century " Cruz 's comments come at a time of racial unrest in the wake of two recent grand jury decisions The potential 2016 GOP presidential contender will lead a subcommittee on the Constitution in the new Congress
Mumbai , India  CNN  -- For a man who used to hang a framed picture of Mohandas K. Gandhi in his Senate office , President Obama declared that checking out a museum honoring the Indian independence hero 's legacy was "  pretty cool " Saturday . Shortly after landing here for his first stop on a 10-day tour of Asia , the president and first lady Michelle Obama quickly headed over to this city 's Gandhi Museum , a three-story home where Gandhi stayed when he was in Mumbai . It 's now full of historic photos and posters as well as a library with about 50,000 Gandhi-related works . This was like manna from heaven for the president , who once declared that the one person living or dead that he 'd love to have dinner with would be Gandhi . "  Now it would probably be a really small meal , because he did n't eat a lot , " Obama joked then about Gandhi 's fasting . On Saturday , Obama was particularly tickled about getting to sign a guest book at the museum and taking a peek at an older guest book that was signed by the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , who also saw Gandhi as an inspiration for the civil rights movement in America . "  Pretty cool -- 1959 , " the president said after seeing King 's signature . The president spent several minutes in the library , which has Gandhi quotations on the walls , such as , "  Freedom is like a birth . " Obama seemed particularly moved by another quotation : "  To call women the weaker sex is a libel . It is man 's injustice to women . ... If nonviolence is the law of our being , the future is with women . " "  Look at that , " the president said . "  It 's my favorite , " responded his guide , Usha Thakkar , a trustee of the museum . When he signed the guest book , Obama left this inscription : "  I am filled with hope and inspiration as I have the privilege to visit this testament to Gandhi . He is a hero not just to India , but to the world . " Mrs. Obama wrote simply , "  This visit will be one that I will always remember ... " The Obama tribute to Gandhi will continue Sunday , when the first couple lay a wreath at his grave site . And on their way out of the museum , the president said the couple would definitely be back someday , next time with their daughters .	Museum is a three-story home where Gandhi stayed when he was in Mumbai It has historic photos and posters as well as a library with Gandhi-related works Obama gets a peek at a guest book signed by the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in 1959 President calls visit inspiring , first lady says it was memorable
CNN  A Saudi-led coalition Tuesday ended its "  Operation Decisive Storm " -- its nearly monthlong airstrike campaign in Yemen -- and a new initiative is underway . "  Operation Renewal of Hope " will focus on the political process . Saudi Arabia had launched airstrikes on Houthi positions across Yemen , hoping to wipe out the Iranian-allied rebel group that has overthrown the government and seized power . The Saudis say they want to restore the Yemeni government , a key U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda , which was kicked out of the capital by the rebels earlier this year . This month , Saudi officials said airstrikes have degraded Houthi-controlled military infrastructure , including key buildings in the capital Sanaa . The campaign achieved its objectives "  by a very good planning , very precise execution , by the courage of our pilots , our sailors , our soldiers , " said Brig. Gen. Ahmed Asiri , a Saudi military spokesman . A senior Saudi official told CNN that the Houthis agreed to "  nearly all demands " of the U.N. Security Council . Former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh and his family will leave Yemen and never return for a position in politics , the source said . A statement from the Saudi Embassy in Washington outlined objectives of the next phase of operations , including protecting civilians , enhancing humanitarian and medical assistance , confronting terrorism and creating an international coalition to provide maritime security . Ground troops will continue to protect the border and confront any attempts to destabilize the situation , Asiri said . Military action will be taken if needed . But beyond the military campaign , the Saudis and their allies have said they want to find a political solution for the violence-plagued nation . The aim is to bring back Yemen 's "  security and stability through establishing a political process , " said a statement from Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Bahrain , Qatar and Kuwait . Ousted Yemen President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi thanked the Saudi-led coalition . Hadi claims he 's Yemen 's legitimate leader and is working with the Saudis and other allies to return to his country . "  We promise to restructure the Yemen military to ensure that it serves the people of Yemen , " Hadi said , calling on the Houthis to withdraw , and saying that he would return to Yemen at "  the right time " to rebuild the country . "  You will witness many changes in the days to come in our mission to build an institutional government and military , far from rebel militancy , " said Hadi . Also Tuesday , a U.S. military official told CNN that the United States is conducting "  manned reconnaissance " off Yemen . The official stressed that the repositioning of U.S. ships over the last days was not done to interdict Iranian ships , but to ensure freedom of navigation and maritime security . Why is Saudi Arabia bombing Yemen ? CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Tim Lister , Anas Hamdan , Jamie Crawford and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	Former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh will leave , a source says Ousted leader Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi promises to return Next phase , called "  Operation Renewal of Hope , " will focus on political process
CNN  -- Hawaii had the lowest voter turnout rate in the United States in 2008 , with fewer than half of the eligible population casting ballots . When I traveled to the state to find out why , I thought most of the problem might be apathy . The surfer thing , you know ? That is part of it , to be sure . But there are many reasons America 's 50th state does n't vote as much as the other 49 , plenty of them specific to Hawaii . Here 's a bite-sized look at eight . If you want to be part of the solution , help us change the list by convincing these five people to vote for the first time , making a pledge to vote or sharing this "  Mahalo for Voting ! " image on Tumblr or Facebook . Background : Introducing CNN 's Change the List Hawaii : The state that does n't vote And , as if I 'm not asking enough already , let me know what you think of this list in the comments section at the bottom of the story . If you have other ideas , I may add them . 1 . Surfer apathy : I 'll start with the obvious one . It 's true that some people are so wrapped up in Hawaii 's beaches and waves that they do n't care about politics . One woman told me politics do n't "  flow " in oh-so-laid-back Hawaii . A state representative in Maui said he looks at swell reports before Election Day . If the waves are big , he said , he knows turnout will be low . 2 . Ugly history : A fair number of Native Hawaiian people consider the U.S. to be illegitimately occupying Hawaii , and some do n't vote on principle . One woman told me that part of her identity as a Native Hawaiian would be diluted if she cast a ballot . The U.S. apologized in 1993 for its unlawful takeover of the islands , but resentment remains . 3 . When it 's 6 p.m. in Hawaii , it 's midnight in Washington : The Aloha State is six hours behind Eastern Time . By the time its polls close , presidents often have been declared . One woman who lives on the Big Island of Hawaii told me she was driving from work to her polling place when she heard the winner of a presidential race announced on the radio . She turned the car around and drove home without voting . In the bigger picture , the time zone issue -- and the thousands of miles of ocean that come with it -- leave Hawaii feeling detached from national politics . The U.S. and Hawaii are like "  apples and bananas , " one man told me . The state feels like an afterthought . 4 . It 's basically a one-party state : Who wants to vote if it seems like there 's no real choice to be made ? Democrats have dominated politics in Hawaii for decades . Many races in the state are uncontested because the Republicans ca n't find candidates to run in them . Currently , there 's only one Republican in Hawaii 's state Senate . The state 's electoral votes have gone to Republican presidential candidates only twice in history . 5 . Polling places ca n't be trusted : That 's the feeling at least on the Big Island of Hawaii . During the primary election this year , some polling places opened an hour and a half late because voter registries had n't been delivered to the polling stations . The state is stepping in to try to make sure November elections are conducted with more professionalism . But I met a sous-chef in Hilo who said that 's too little , too late . He does n't trust the polls because he had so much trouble voting before . 6 . People do n't identify as voters : I found it fascinating that many people in Hawaii do n't vote at least in part because they do n't see themselves as the type of people who participate in civil society . A 36-year-old man told me he never voted until two years ago , when he found a website asking people to pledge to vote . It was that simple . Once someone invited him into the system , he participated . No one had asked before . He ran for a seat in the state House of Representatives in the primary election this year . 7 . The schools are bad : I heard from many adults in Hawaii that the school system does not do a good job teaching young people about politics and how decisions made by politicians affect their day-to-day lives . There are exceptions , of course , like Jason Duncan 's class at a high school near Honolulu . There , I met a young woman who said she did n't see the importance of voting until Duncan led a conversation on the topic . But the state should do a better job educating the next generation of voters . 8 . Election laws make it too hard to register : There are plenty of available tools that would make voting easier in Hawaii , including same-day voter registration , which would let people walk into a polling place on election day , register and vote right then ; and online registration , which Hawaii plans to implement in 2016 . I heard time and again from non-voters that they did n't have a clue about how to register . States like Minnesota that have implemented progressive registration policies see higher turnout rates . That state topped the list , with a 78 % participation rate . What do you think would help increase voter participation in Hawaii ? Let me know in the comments . Your idea may be part of a future story on CNN.com .	Hawaii had the lowest voter turnout rate in 2008 CNN is doing stories on the state to try to boost participation An ugly history , Democratic dominance and time zones are to blame And , sure , there are some apathetic surfers in the state , too
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. and Japanese authorities have ordered airlines to stop flying their Boeing 787s until they can show they 've fixed a fire risk linked to battery failures aboard the closely watched Dreamliners . The moves by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration and the Japanese government follow an emergency landing in Japan that prompted that country 's two major airlines to ground their fleets of 787s , and a similar problem aboard a Dreamliner on the ground in Boston nine days earlier . "  The battery failures resulted in release of flammable electrolytes , heat damage , and smoke on two Model 787 airplanes , " the FAA announced Wednesday evening . "  The root cause of these failures is currently under investigation . These conditions , if not corrected , could result in damage to critical systems and structures , and the potential for fire in the electrical compartment . " The only U.S. carrier to operate the eagerly awaited , long-delayed jetliner is United Airlines , which said earlier Wednesday that it had inspected its fleet of six 787s and would continue flying them . United spokeswoman Christen David said Wednesday evening that the airline would comply with the order "  and will work closely with the FAA and Boeing on the technical review . " The FAA noted that its directive also signals international aviation authorities to take "  parallel action " regarding their own airlines . The first commercial Dreamliner flight took off in October 2011 , flying from Tokyo to Hong Kong , and the planes flew without major problems for more than a year . Since July , the growing list of reported troubles aboard the planes include a fuel leak , an oil leak , two cracked engines , a damaged cockpit window and a battery problem . The FAA announced a safety review of the aircraft last week . In the most serious incident so far , an All Nippon Airlines  ANA  787 with 129 people aboard made an emergency landing after a battery alarm Wednesday morning . Those on board reported a burning smell in the cabin , and an alarm indicated smoke in a forward electrical compartment . Hours later , ANA and Japan Airlines announced that they were grounding their Dreamliners pending an investigation . And on Thursday , the Japanese government ordered that all 787s be kept out of service until battery safety could be assured . A maintenance worker discovered an electrical fire aboard an empty Japan Airlines 787 slated for departure from Logan International Airport in Boston on January 7 . In a statement released Wednesday night , Boeing Chairman , President and CEO Jim McNerney said the company is confident that the planes are safe and is working with authorities to get them flying again . "  Boeing is committed to supporting the FAA and finding answers as quickly as possible . The company is working around the clock with its customers and the various regulatory and investigative authorities . We will make available the entire resources of The Boeing Company to assist , " the statement said . "  We are confident the 787 is safe and we stand behind its overall integrity . We will be taking every necessary step in the coming days to assure our customers and the traveling public of the 787 's safety and to return the airplanes to service . " McNerney 's statement Wednesday did not mention specifics about the recent incidents , but said the company "  deeply regrets the impact that recent events have had on the operating schedules of our customers and the inconvenience to them and their passengers . " Boeing has delivered 50 Dreamliners so far and has more than 800 additional orders for the aircraft from airlines around the world . On Wednesday night , Chile-based LAN Airlines said it was temporarily grounding its three Boeing 787 aircraft in compliance with the FAA 's recommendation . Boeing 's shares -- which had previously been resilient in the face of this month 's negative publicity over the Dreamliner -- sank 2 % in after-hours trading Wednesday , after falling 3.4 % during the trading day . After last week 's incident in Boston , Boeing chief engineer Mike Sinnett expressed confidence in the aircraft 's battery system . "  I am 100 % convinced the airplane is safe to fly , " he said . "  I fly on it all the time . " Asked last week whether he would consider grounding the jets , FAA Administrator Michael Huerta said there was "  nothing in the data " that suggested the Dreamliner was unsafe . Longtime commercial pilot and industry analyst Patrick Smith said the battery issue did not appear to be a major problem , but called the FAA order "  a positive and pro-active step . " "  I do n't think that it was dangerous for the plane to be flying , but it probably was n't the best thing to be flying it on the heels of this latest emergency landing in Japan , " Smith said . "  All airplanes have their teething problems , and this was trending in a bad direction , " he added . "  Now the authorities have said , ` Stop , ' and that 's a good thing . " CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers and Thom Patterson and CNNMoney contributed to this report .	NEW : Japan orders that 787s remain out of service until battery safety is assured Boeing says the company is confident that the planes are safe FAA grounds Dreamliners for battery fix The move follows an emergency landing in Japan and another incident in Boston
CNN  -- Eight people were injured in an explosion at a naval weapons station 's boathouse in New Jersey Tuesday morning , the U.S. Navy said . The blast at Naval Weapons Station Earle happened at about 9 a.m. while personnel were performing maintenance on a vessel , the Navy said in a news release . Seven sailors and a Department of Defense civilian firefighter were injured . Though all eight were taken to hospitals , none had life-threatening injuries . By Tuesday night , the Navy said seven of the eight had been treated and released after suffering minor injuries , mostly from smoke inhalation . One sailor remained hospitalized and underwent surgery for a broken arm , the Navy said . "  The situation is stabilized . We are investigating the accident , " Navy spokesman Mike Brady said . Information on what exploded was n't immediately available . Authorities are investigating what caused the blast , the Navy said . The workers ' names were not immediately released . "  The damage from the explosion was contained within the boathouse area , " the Navy 's release said . Naval Weapons Station Earle , which supplies ordnance to the Navy 's Atlantic fleet carrier and other groups , is south of Middletown , New Jersey . CNN 's Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	NEW : One sailor remains hospitalized , the Navy says NEW : Seven people have been treated and released A blast occurs as maintenance work is done on a vessel at a weapons station , the Navy says Damage is contained in boathouse area , the Navy says
CNN  -- The Federal Reserve Board announced an $ 85 billion plan Tuesday to bail out troubled insurance giant American International Group Inc. . Suze Orman says it 's a good thing the federal government bailed out troubled national insurer AIG . The federal government decided to intervene after determining a failure of the company , whose financial dealings stretch around the world , could hurt the already delicate markets and the economy . Personal finance expert Suze Orman appeared on "  Larry King Live " on Tuesday to discuss what the AIG bailout means to you and how safe is your money during this economic downturn . The following is an edited version of the interview : Larry King : A few months ago , you said on this very show that you would be worried if there was another big government bailout . It 's now happening . Should the government be helping AIG ? Suze Orman : Well , in this particular case , I have to tell you they should . Bear Stearns , very different . Lehman , very different . AIG is an international giant that just does n't have ramifications here in the United States . It is worldwide . They 're like in 130 countries . They have 100,000 employees . Everybody has an AIG insurance policy . So in this particular case , my opinion , thank God , they bailed out AIG . Watch Orman discuss what AIG 's bailout means for consumers " King : What about Barclays and Lehman ? Orman : They 're selling Neuberger Berman to Barclays , that 's fine . That will all work itself out . The major danger that we had here , which is why you saw the stock markets go up today , is that rumors were circulating that AIG was going to be saved . The big downfall would have been if AIG , in my opinion , had gone under . King : Sen. McCain is saying this involves fraud -- or let me use another word similar to fraud -- on Wall Street . Do you agree ? Orman : It starts way back when there was nobody overseeing and regulating . Nothing . It 's how many times have I said on this program , what were they all thinking ? Why were they lending money to people who should n't have been borrowing money ? Why were they packaging these things ? What about the rating agencies ? Why were n't the rating agencies rating everything the way they should have been and now they 're making matters worse ? So whether it 's fraud or not , was there deceit going on ? I do n't know if it was deceit as much as just total irresponsibility is what caused this . Watch Larry 's cure for US economic problems " King : Is this a good time to get into the market ? Orman : No . It 's not a good time to get in with brand-new money . I would let these markets kind of wash themselves out . On the other hand , if you 're investing in a 401k every month with small amounts of money , that 's OK as long as you do n't need the money for 10 , 15 , 20 years . If you just got an inheritance and you have $ 50,000 , should you be putting it in the stock market now ? Are you kidding ? These are the markets that you just sit on the sidelines and wait on the sidelines and stay away from them until everything works out . iReport.com : Are you worried about the Wall Street crisis ? King : Oil settled down today to $ 91.15 a barrel . What does that mean ? Are gas prices going to go down ? Orman : Yes . Gas prices probably will go down , I hope , to essentially $ 3 a gallon . What you 're essentially seeing here is like a tax rebate for everybody . That 's a lot of people that will help them a lot . Lehman , AIG -- I get that 's all bad news , but the good news is for the main people that have to get by every single day . Your gas bills , in terms of what you put in your cars , are n't going to be as high . Your heating bills are n't going to be as high . To go from $ 150 a barrel down to $ 91 , that 's significant . King : The Federal Reserve decided to leave short-term interest rates unchanged today at 2 percent . Good or bad ? Orman : I personally think it was bad . Listen , the banks in the United States of America are in trouble . Anything we can do , in my opinion , to help the banking system so they can make a little bit more money , I think , would have been a good idea . If we had lowered interest rates , the Fed funds rate , the banks would have been making more money on the money that they lent out , which would be helping everybody in the long run . So I think they should have lowered , but they left the same . King : Could other major financial institutions go under ? Orman : Absolutely , they can . You would think that they could n't , but when you see dinosaurs -- Merrill Lynch , Lehman Brothers , AIG -- going down the drain , anything can happen . Nothing is beyond the imagination at this point in time .	Suze Orman : It 's good that federal government stepped in to save AIG Nation 's economic woes stem from total irresponsibility , Orman says Orman says it 's not a good time to enter stock market Orman warns other financial institutions could go under
CNN  -- Football should be used to teach young people moral lessons , Pope Benedict XVI said during an audience with representatives from the Italian football league and lower division clubs . Pope Benedict XVI is presented with a football by Ancona club officials . Italian football has been tarnished in recent seasons by corruption , match-fixing scandals and crowd trouble , but the pope insisted the sport celebrated positive virtues as well . "  The sport of football can be a vehicle of education for the values of honesty , solidarity and fraternity , especially for the younger generation , " the pope said , according to Italy 's Gazzetta dello Sport newspaper . The comments are not the first foray by the Bavarian-born pope -- reputedly a Bayern Munich supporter -- into Italian football . In October , he was presented with a No. 16 shirt by officials of the lower league club Ancona after the Vatican endorsed its campaign to turn itself into a "  beacon of morality " by adopting an "  innovative , ethical model of practising football , " Reuters reported . The code committed Ancona to promoting fair play in a family atmosphere . The club is currently second in Serie C1/B , Italian football 's third tier league . "  Football should increasingly become a tool for the teaching of life 's ethical and spiritual values , " the pope said . Pope Benedict XVI 's predecessor , Pope John Paul II , was also a keen football fan , reportedly playing in goal during his youth in Poland . All Italian football matches were cancelled on the weekend following his death in 2005 . E-mail to a friend	Pope says football can teach values of "  honesty , solidarity and fraternity " Sport should be used as a vehicle of education for young people , he says Vatican has endorsed lower league club Ancona 's adoption of ethical code German-born pope is reputed to be a Bayern Munich fan
Ukrainian sovereignty wo n't be the only casualty of Russian President Vladimir Putin 's efforts to assert Russian influence and interest in Crimea . It 's still far too early to calibrate how this crisis will play out and what its consequences will be -- but it 's a fair bet that whether it ends in a Putin victory , defeat , or draw , it 's going to make a difficult situation in the Middle East even more complicated . Whether Putin wins or loses in Ukraine , the odds that Russia could be a reliable partner for the U.S. have decreased dramatically . And this only reinforces the painfully obvious : When it comes to the core issues facing the U.S. in the Middle East , the U.S. must focus on outcomes , not solutions , and be very sober about what it might do to contribute to them . Russia 's friends As go Putin 's fortunes , so go those of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . However the crisis turns out , with one possible exception , the Syrian regime is likely to benefit . And that exception is the highly unlikely contingency that Putin is so weakened from a botched policy in Ukraine or an uncharacteristically bold response from the United States and the West that he is permanently damaged and diminished , or removed from power . Not likely . The possibility that events in Ukraine will leave Putin victorious will only buck up al-Assad further and demonstrate that Russian street cred is rising . After all , in September , Putin masterfully intervened and used diplomacy to stay a U.S. military response against al-Assad 's use of chemical weapons against civilians . Now Putin appears to be standing up to the international community and ready to use force to protect Russia 's interests in Ukraine . He 's clearly not prepared to do that for Syria . But victories for Russia , particularly in the face of the West 's empty rhetoric and red lines , can only reinforce al-Assad 's conviction that he 's betting on the right ally . Ukraine mobilizes troops amid crisis with Russia A Putin win -- maintaining significant Russian influence in Ukraine that clearly undermines Ukraine 's sovereignty -- will leave Russia stronger and more dependable as a partner and ally in the eyes of al-Assad and , probably , Iran . Although Iran is not nearly as dependent on Moscow as al-Assad is , Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei looks at the crisis and sees Russian resolve in the face of a feeble West . The hardliners in Tehran will draw their own conclusions about their margin for maneuver in maintaining nuclear weapons aspirations . Russia has never been as allergic as America to the possibility that Iran will become a nuclear threshold weapons state . Iran will cut its own deal with America on the nuclear issue if it gets the right terms , regardless of what Putin thinks . But given the long odds against a comprehensive accord , should diplomacy fail , Tehran will likely be able to count on Russia to block punitive action in the U.N. Security Council and discourage the use of U.S. military force . A Putin defeat in Ukraine wo n't help matters in the Middle East much either , unless the crisis somehow delivers a knockout blow to Putin . A chastened Putin would probably be even more ornery and recalcitrant about cooperating with the international community on Middle Eastern issues . But either way , the Russians are determined to frustrate U.S. solutions to Middle Eastern problems that seem like a Pax Americana and exclude Moscow . The reaction to the West 's efforts -- to meddle in what Putin believes is Russia 's sphere of influence and to oppose Moscow -- will create a mini-Cold War that could , for the remainder of the Obama administration and probably beyond , freeze productive U.S.-Russian cooperation across the board . Small powers are watching Beyond this , should Russia manage to have its way in Ukraine , smaller powers will take notice , particularly those nations whose interests can be at odds with the West and the U.S. Russia is not a small power . But it is standing up to America and the West . And for the true smaller powers , how "  big " reacts when faced with a challenge from "  small " can be instructive . And the Syrians , Iranians and North Koreans will pay attention to the West 's resolve . It ca n't be a good thing if Russia acts in Ukraine without cost and consequence . Israel is n't a friend of Russia nor an adversary of the U.S. . But the Israelis have already seen what U.S. words mean when it comes to their own determination to continue settlement policy , and to U.S. threats to use military force in Syria , or even against Iran . And they have concluded that words mean very little . The Saudis have reached many of the same conclusions about the Obama administration 's willingness to say what it means -- and more important , act upon what it says . America 's image Over the years , America has gotten into trouble when the issue of protecting its credibility is the be-all and end-all , in defiance of common sense and wise policy . Credibility comes from believability -- when a president speaks of policy , he will make good on his words , if need be . If there is is no cost or consequence for saying no to the U.S. , then Washington will have zero street cred . At the same time , if the U.S. tries to maintain credibility by doing dumb or stupid things , or by overreaching , it undermines what it 's attempting to protect . The Obama administration 's street cred is very low . Everyone says no to the U.S. , seemingly without consequence : al-Assad ; Putin ; Afghanistan 's President Hamid Karzai ; North Korean leader Kim Jong-un ; Iraq 's President Nuri al-Maliki . It seems the U.S. even gets "  yes , buts " from friends and allies like Israeli President Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas . Partly this comes from the U.S. setting expectations too high ; misreading the way the world actually is ; underestimating how determined smaller powers can be ; and it comes from the reality that America does n't control the world now and never did . We have a very risk-averse president who 's focused more on domestic affairs than foreign policy . And he is a leader more committed to improving the middle class as his legacy than he is to the Middle East and its insoluble troubles . That president is facing a crisis in Ukraine , where geography , history , and proximity favor Putin and leave Washington with a weaker hand . Perhaps some face-saving win-win can be devised . But if not -- and perhaps unfairly , because Obama 's options are bad ones -- America will again be judged a weak and feckless power . As for the Middle East , regardless of how Ukraine goes , the President 's fortunes will remain more or less the same : The U.S. will remain shackled with a Putin who is no friend and stuck in a region it can neither repair nor leave .	Aaron David Miller : Putin 's intervention in Ukraine affects more than Ukraine 's sovereignty Miller : This crisis and U.S. response will affect how Middle Eastern nations see U.S. He says if Putin looks strong and U.S looks ineffectual , Syria , Iran and others take notice Miller : Obama administration is risk-averse , and faces long odds vs. Putin on Ukraine
SOMERSET COUNTY , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- A chain link fence now stands between Tim Lambert 's land and the impact site of United Airlines Flight 93 , which crashed here on September 11 , 2001 . The property has been in Lambert 's family for almost 80 years . A temporary memorial has been set up to honor the victims of the United Airlines Flight 93 crash . "  My grandfather purchased about 200 acres in the 1930s , and he would cut timber and sell the timber off , and he would build cabins as well , " Lambert says . "  That 's how he got the family through the Depression . " Lambert says he had no plans for the land , he just knew he wanted to hold on to it . "  There 's a lot of natural resources in this area -- natural gas , coal , " he says . That all changed the day 40 passengers and crew died trying to take control of a Boeing 757 that had been hijacked by four terrorists as it took off from Newark , New Jersey , bound for San Francisco , California . It is believed the hijackers had intended crash the plane into the White House or the U.S. Capitol . Plans for a permanent memorial have been in the works for years . Congress passed a law in 2002 instructing the National Park Service to establish a national memorial where the crash occurred . Part of it would be on Lambert 's land . In the seven years since , some of the most important land needed for the massive project has remained in limbo , producing an emotional debate among landowners , family members and the National Park Service . See plans for the proposed Flight 93 Memorial At the center of the dispute is the government 's plan to take the remaining land needed by using its power of eminent domain . The government can seize privately owned property to convert it to public use after paying the owner fair market value . Lambert 's land is key to the project . He owns 6 acres that are just feet from the crash site . He has yet to reach an agreement with the government to buy his land . "  Eminent domain was sort of dropped on us at the last second here , " he says , "  and it feels like we never even had a chance to talk about some of the issues that we needed to address during the negotiations . " Lambert still finds debris from the plane on his land . "  Red and blue wire all over the place , " he says as he bends over to pick up a piece . "  Here it is almost eight years later . " The National Park Service says time is running out if the memorial is to be ready by September 11 , 2011 , the 10-year anniversary of the terrorist attacks . It says it has to use eminent domain for 166 essential acres that it has been unable to purchase . "  We 've held off using it until we 've got here , really at the very last stage of this where we have no other choice , " says National Park Service associate director Steve Whitesell . The amount of land needed for the memorial is just over 2,200 acres , about 1,400 of which is near the crash site , where there will be a visitor center . The other 800 acres would create a buffer around the site to protect the rural setting . That is where Randy and Linda Musser live -- on more than 100 acres of land , 62 of them within the memorial park boundaries . The Mussers enjoy hunting , fishing and horseback riding on their land , which is about three-quarters-of-a-mile from the crash site . "  This eminent domain cloud hangs over this whole piece of property now , " Randy Musser says , standing by a pond where he likes to fish . He was a member of a committee formed with Flight 93 family members to establish the boundaries of the park . "  If I knew the National Park Service was going to be able to use eminent domain to acquire property within the park boundary , I would had fought that at the time the park boundary was established to keep as much property out of the park as possible , " Musser says . The Mussers now fear that their land is n't safe from the government and say it 's not needed for the memorial . "  We have to play fair , we have to follow the rules and they just change the law to suit their own needs , " says Linda Musser . For Patrick White , vice president of Families of Flight 93 , this project is a labor of love . White 's cousin , Louis Nacke , was killed on United Flight 93 . White is leading the effort to acquire all the land needed for the memorial . "  We 're creating a place where the 40 heroes of Flight 93 can be revered and remembered , " White said from his law office in Naples , Florida . White says the negotiations with landowners has been challenging and supports the governments use of eminent domain . "  No one has ever questioned that there is a public purpose to these lands ' " White says . "  Their purpose became public the minute that those private citizens ' lives and remains became part of those lands . " Lambert says he feels the same way as he walks just a few feet from where the plane crashed . "  A lot of people lost their lives here and this is their final resting place . ... That 's one thing I always keep in mind when I come here and I am walking through these woods . " This is n't just about money , Randy Musser says . It 's about doing what 's right , allowing landowners to continue to live on their land and use it the way they intended before that day . "  That loss of freedom is probably the thing that bothers people more than anything else , " he says . Neither the government nor landowners will comment on how much money has been offered for the land yet to be acquired . Patrick White said he remains confident the memorial will be completed in time . "  Getting this done is a commitment that must be achieved . ... These are folks who as citizen soldiers stood up and we all need to recognize that at a place that 's appropriate . " To make that happen , the National Park Service says it needs to start construction this November for a ribbon-cutting ceremony on September 11 , 2011 . The courts may have the final say . Government lawyers are expected to file a lawsuit in Pittsburgh next week to condemn the property for public use .	Hijacked United Flight 93 crashed in Pennsylvania during the 9/11 attacks National Park Service says it needs to start construction soon Emotional debate on eminent domain has thrown a wrench in the plans
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh is calling for an end to the protests in that country and said he supports the creation of a national unity government to oversee upcoming parliamentary elections , the state-run news service Saba reported Wednesday . According to the news service , Saleh made the statement during a meeting with an official with the non-profit National Democratic Institute . Saba reported that Saleh told the official , Leslie Campbell , the NDI 's regional director for the Middle East and North Africa , that demonstrations must stop to "  prepare for a suitable atmosphere " for the elections . Saleh also ordered security forces to prevent clashes between demonstrators both for and against the government , and urged both sides to prevent "  saboteurs " from entering their ranks , Saba reported . Saleh also repeated his pledge not to run for re-election , Saba reported . Anti-government demonstrators say that 's not good enough . Undeterred by an attack on their sit-in a day earlier , anti-government protesters gathered at Sanaa University again on Wednesday to demand that Saleh step down . "  We are worried that it could happen again . But we have nothing to lose and it 's for the sake of the country , " said Yasser Hasani , a student . At least two people were killed when government loyalists attacked and opened fire on sit-in participants Tuesday night , an opposition lawmaker said . Foad Dahaba , a lawmaker with the opposition Islah party , provided the figure to CNN on Wednesday . Until now , protesters had provided conflicting numbers for the toll . Some of the protesters carried photos of the two victims , calling them martyrs . "  We feel sad for what happened yesterday but we are enthusiastic that their blood will not be forgotten , " Hasani said Wednesday . "  Everyday that passes with bloodshed makes us stronger and more firm in our demands . Earlier Tuesday , sit-in participants had overturned a car and set it on fire after discovering weapons inside apparently brought to a demonstration by government loyalists , a protester said . Demonstrators noticed a parked car near the sit-in and were told that the people in the car were government loyalists who had come to harass them , according to one of the protesters , Adnan al-Nathari . Several hundred students converged on the car to confront those inside , who then fled , he said . The protesters searched the car and found a rifle and a gun , al-Nathari told CNN . The students then flipped the car and set it ablaze . There were no injuries reported in that incident . The sit-in at Sanaa University was one of at least five protests on Tuesday in Yemen . There were others in Aden and Taiz , and in the provinces of Ibb and Lahj . Saleh 's call for the creation of a new government to supervise parliamentary elections came two days after he rejected demands that he give up power . On Monday , Saleh rejected demands that he step aside and compared the anti-government protests to an illness sweeping through the region . "  This is a virus and is not part of our heritage or the culture of the Yemeni people , " he told reporters . "  It 's a virus that came from Tunisia to Egypt . And to some regions , the scent of the fever is like influenza . As soon as you sit with someone who is infected , you 'll be infected . " Saleh added that those seeking change should accept the reforms he has proposed . He had earlier said he wo n't seek another term in 2013 after being in power for 32 years . He also said he would postpone parliamentary elections scheduled for April to allow more time for discussions about reform .	NEW : Yemen 's president calls for a new government to oversee parliamentary elections NEW : President Saleh calls on security forces to prevent violence Protesters return to the streets , some carrying photos of the two people who died Tuesday "  We have nothing to lose , " says a demonstrator
North Korea will pay a fine of more than half a million dollars next week for the release of a ship that last year tried to cross the Panama Canal with weapons smuggled aboard , Panamanian authorities said . Panama stopped the North Korean cargo ship , the Chong Chon Gang , in July and found undeclared weaponry from Cuba -- including MiG fighter jets , anti-aircraft systems and explosives -- buried under thousands of bags of sugar . The Cuban government said the shipment consisted of "  obsolete " weapons being sent to North Korea for repairs before being returned to Cuba . But Panama said they violated United Nations arms sanctions on North Korea . Panamanian authorities had originally imposed a $ 1 million fine on North Korea over the shipment , which they said violated the security of the canal , a key waterway linking the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans . That fine has now been reduced by a third to $ 666,666 , and the North Korean government has pledged to pay it next week , Panama 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement Thursday . Panamanian Foreign Minister Fernando Nunez Fabrega said 32 of the ship 's 35 detained crew members would also be allowed to leave the country . The three remaining crew members face charges of threatening collective security , he said . Because it is pursuing nuclear weapons , North Korea is banned by the United Nations from importing and exporting most weapons .	Panama says it found fighter jets , explosives aboard North Korean ship last year North Korea has agreed to pay $ 666,666 for the release of the ship , Panama says Most of the ships crew members will also be allowed to leave the country The weapons came from Cuba , which said they were going to be repaired in North Korea
CNN  -- A right-wing paramilitary leader in Colombia was killed in a police operation on Christmas Day , Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos confirmed Wednesday . Pedro Guerrero , also known as "  The Knife , " was a ruthless killer and a major drug trafficker , the president said . On December 24 , national police forces dropped in from helicopters to raid a building where Guerrero was thought to be . The operation carried on into the early morning , the president said , and Guerrero -- the leader of the Popular Revolutionary Anti-terrorist Army of Colombia , or ERPAC by its Spanish initials -- managed to escape the building . However , Santos said , police were ready with a perimeter around the area . His body was found shortly afterwards . Two police were also killed in the confrontation . ERPAC is known for its large cocaine production and distribution activities . The group emerged from the fighting between leftist rebels and right-wing paramilitary groups . "  This individual caused much damage to our country . That 's why this strike is so important , " Santos said , calling Guerrero "  the killer of killers . " He is believed to be responsible for more than 2,000 killings in southern Colombia and earned the nickname "  The Knife " for his alleged penchant for slashing throats . On Guerrero 's body , they found a handgun plated with gold and diamonds , and a knife was in his hand , Santos said . A reward will be paid to "  several " people who helped authorities find Guerrero , the president said . "  This is a warning to all the other criminals : You will fall , " Santos said . The operation is evidence that the government goes after not only the left-wing rebels but also the paramilitary criminals , the president said .	President Santos praises the national police operation Paramilitary leader Pedro Guerrero was killed in the raid The operation took place on Christmas Two police officers were killed in the confrontation
CNN  -- By now , unless you live under a boulder large enough to block data signals , you know that New York Rep. Anthony Weiner is embroiled in a scandal involving an extremely personal picture sent from his Twitter account to a Seattle college student . Weiner says his account was hacked , but ca n't say "  with certitude " if the picture is a fake . This much we know . But what else does the story that has Washington all a-twitter reveal about everyone 's favorite microblogging service ? 1 . Twitter is very effective at spreading the news , but it ca n't control it . For Twitter itself , the Weiner story could n't have broken at a less appropriate time . The company 's CEO , Dick Costolo , and a large portion of its PR team were hunkered down at the All Things Digital conference in beautiful Rancho Palos Verdes , California , preparing to launch -- of all things -- its new photo-sharing service . Costolo deftly batted away questions about Weiner with a "  no comment . " But for a company that is anxious to prove its maturity , talking about ways to share pictures on Twitter at a time when the most famous example of that is a lewd underwear snap could only have been frustrating . 2 . Maybe this is a good time to launch Twitter photo-sharing after all . Reports emerged Thursday that the mysterious sender of that photo may well have exploited a security flaw in yFrog , a third-party photo-sharing service . The loophole would have allowed anyone to send a picture from Weiner 's account using tools no more advanced than e-mail . YFrog has since disabled the e-mail feature . Still , that 's a strong argument for sharing photos directly and securely from your Twitter account -- which is exactly what Twitter is launching . 3 . Checking Twitter on a Friday night is the new normal . College student Gennette Cordova , recipient of the offending tweet , wrote for the New York Daily News that she first learned about it when logging into Twitter on a Friday night . If you think that 's unusual activity for a co-ed on a Friday night , get with the 21st century . A dozen of Cordova 's friends had already seen the Weiner tweet , she wrote . According to Twitter tracking firm Sysomos , Friday is the third-biggest day of the week for tweeting  after Tuesday and Wednesday .  Social media , it seems , is how we like to relax after hitting the books . 4 . Account hacking is more common than you might think . If it turns out Weiner 's account was hacked , he can take comfort in one thing : It happened to one of his main detractors , Fox News , too . In 2009 , followers of the network 's official Twitter feed were puzzled to see a tweet about host Bill O'Reilly 's sexual orientation , the result of an 18-year-old hacker called GMZ uncovering the account 's password . Fox News was only the first in a series of GMZ attacks on Twitter accounts including those of Britney Spears , Facebook , the Huffington Post , and Barack Obama himself . Little more than a year later , hundreds of accounts -- including the one owned by tech pundit John C. Dvorak -- were hacked by a spammer looking to advertise a weight-loss product . 5 . There are plenty of things you can do to keep your account secure . Twitter has spent years beefing up its security and dishing out advice on how you can help . The top tips : Use a strong password with numbers and unusual characters ; use the more secure URL "  https://twitter.com/ " ; be wary of links and e-mail phishing scammers that pretend to be Twitter employees asking for your password . 6 . Always double-check the person you 're tweeting . Gennette Cordova 's take on why Weiner , whom she does n't know , may have tweeted at her ? Because her name is alphabetically close to that of Ginger Lee , a Tennessee exotic dancer that Weiner also followed on Twitter until recently . It 's entirely possible , given that Twitter auto-suggests who you might be trying to reach once you start typing their names . One false click , and that racy message intended for your spouse may be winging its way to your mom instead . 7 . Washington may be obsessed with Weiner , but Twitter users have already moved on . You might expect the Twitter hashtag that denotes the scandal , " #Weinergate " , to be popular right now . But you 'd be wrong . It is n't even in the top 10 . Beltway pundits and politicians may be talking about little else , but Twitter 's 200 million users have other things on their minds . The top trending hashtags in the U.S. Friday morning ? " #myperfectmorning " and "  DunkinDonuts . " 8 . Social media can bring unwanted attention -- but mostly from old media . Another sign that Twitter users care little about the scandal : As of Friday , Cordova 's account was being followed by less than 800 people . Compare that to Sohaib Athar , the tweeter who first noticed the Seal Team 6 raid on Abottabad that killed Osama Bin Laden . Athar 's sudden fame gained him roughly 100,000 new followers . Cordova 's biggest beef is n't with anyone on Twitter -- it 's with the New York Post , which she alleges wrangled an interview out of her under false pretenses . 9 . Social media is really hard to quit . Weiner may be done talking about the scandal to reporters , but he has n't stopped tweeting . Cordova 's initial response to the scandal was to disable her accounts on Twitter , Facebook , and the question-and-answer social site Formspring . Within days , however , she was back and tweeting up a storm . Her new tagline ? "  I ca n't believe I 'm back on Twitter . " As fellow social media addicts , we here at Mashable.com understand perfectly .	Twitter is very effective at spreading the news , but not as good at controlling it Account hacking is more common than you might think Checking Twitter on a Friday night is the new normal Washington may be obsessed with Weiner , but Twitter users have moved on
CLEVELAND , Ohio  CNN/WKYC  -- An emergency room physician accused of murdering his wife with cyanide pleaded not guilty on Wednesday , nearly four years after her death . Rosemarie DiPuccio Essa 's family say they want "  justice for Rosie . " A judge set bail for Yazeed Essa at $ 75 million at a hearing attended by members of his slain wife 's family . Police say Rosemarie DiPuccio Essa , 36 , weakened by cyanide poisoning , died in a car wreck on February 24 , 2005 . Yazeed Essa left the United States in March 2005 , shortly after being questioned by police about his wife 's death . He was indicted by a Cuyahoga County grand jury in February 2007 . "  This man lied to us , " said Dominic DiPuccio , brother of Rosemarie Essa , outside the arraignment courtroom at the Justice Center in Cleveland . "  Right after my sister Rosie was murdered , " DiPuccio said , "  Yazeed Essa swore to us on the heads of his two little children that he had nothing to do with her death . Now we know the truth and ca n't wait for him to face justice . " Choking back tears as they waited for the case to be called , the DiPuccio family said they 've been waiting almost four years for Essa to return to Cleveland and face the charge of aggravated murder . Police investigators said Yazeed Essa initially said his wife was taking calcium supplements . But when Essa turned over his wife 's pill vial to detectives , tests revealed that several pills contained deadly potassium cyanide rather than calcium . Potassium cyanide , used in electroplating gold and euthanizing insects for collections , looks like sugar and can smell like almonds . It can be dissolved in water and hidden in food or medications . Moments before she died , Rosemarie Essa called a friend on her cell phone and said her husband had insisted she take a calcium pill before leaving home , officials said . A few weeks later , Yazeed Essa went to Beirut , Lebanon , and spent 19 months in the Middle East . He was taken into custody in Nicosia , Cyprus , when officials discovered his identity . He was extradited late last week . Essa "  fled the United States because he did not believe he could get a fair trial , since he is an Arab-American , " defense attorney Steven Bradley said . "  Since the election of Barack Obama as president , Essa now believes the political climate has changed enough that he was willing to return and now get a fair trial , " Bradley said . Bradley and his co-counsel , Mark Marein , said they were not shocked that Judge Joan Synenberg set bail at $ 75 million . "  Our client is fully prepared to remain in jail until the time of his trial . He says he is an innocent man . " Essa 's late wife 's family takes a different view . "  We have absolutely no doubt that he is a killer , " DiPuccio said . "  It 's been really tough for all of us and we 're glad this day has finally come . Maybe we can get some justice for Rosie . " Rosemarie Essa 's mother , Gigi DiPuccio , held the hands of her husband , Rocco , and said , "  I think about my daughter every day . " As her eyes filled with tears , she said , "  Now we just want to get justice for Rosie and the kids and our family so we can start to heal . We 're at the first step right now . We need to get through this and we will as a family . " If convicted of aggravated murder , Yazeed Essa faces a life sentence , with parole eligibility after 20 years in prison .	Dr. Yazeed Essa pleads not guilty to wife 's cyanide murder He is being held on $ 75 million bail as a flight risk Essa left the country and went to Beirut after being questioned by police He was arrested in Cyprus and extradited last week , nearly 4 years after wife 's death
CNN  Mexican telenovela actress Lorena Rojas died Monday after a battle with cancer . Rojas , 44 , died at her home in Miami , surrounded by her boyfriend , family and friends , her talent management agency Latin WE said . She had been fighting cancer since 2008 . That year , she was diagnosed with breast cancer . In 2013 , after the tumor metastasized to others parts of her body , she told Mexican state news Agency Notimex that " -LSB- she -RSB- was very aware that this disease ... is a chronic disease . " Last year , she was told the tumor had spread to her liver . Her last tweet was less than a week ago , on the day of her 44th birthday . "  Thank you all for celebrating my birthday with me . Beautiful day , " she wrote . Rojas starred in more than a dozen soap operas , including "  El Cuerpo del Deseo , " "  Alcanzar una estrella " and , most recently , "  Rosario . " Last year , inspired by her adopted daughter Luciana , she worked as a singer-songwriter for a children 's album , "  Hijos del Sol . " Throughout the day Tuesday , Latin stars and fans took to Twitter to remember Rojas . People we 've lost in 2015 "  As the first time I met you , full of light , that is how I 'll remember you Lorena Rojas , " tweeted Grammy Award-winning singer Ricardo Arjona . CNN en Español reporter Ismael Cala posted , "  It is with sadness and respect to her warrior memory that I received news of the passing of Lorena Rojas . Your life touched many . "	She had been fighting cancer since 2008 Rojas starred in more than a dozen soap operas
Washington  CNN  -- As speaker of the House , John Boehner faced battles on two fronts during his first term : fights with President Barack Obama on a series of high-profile fiscal issues , and internal skirmishes with conservative rank-and-file Republicans who openly defied him because they did n't think he was doing enough to cut spending . And as Obama takes the oath of office and begins to address the challenges of his second term , his on-again , off-again negotiating counterpart faces his own set of challenges in the coming weeks . Days after the bruising fight at the end of 2012 to avert the fiscal cliff that divided the House GOP conference -- as well as his own leadership team -- a dozen House Republicans broke with Boehner by not supporting him for speaker in the public vote on the House floor . Boehner was reelected with the vast majority of his conference sticking with him , but the episode demonstrated his weakened position and raised questions about whether he could lead his members in new fights ahead . House Republicans pledge to back Boehner But after a three-day retreat of all House Republicans last week at a resort in Williamsburg , Virginia , GOP members appear to be regrouping and putting the messy squabbles behind them . Leaders are shifting their strategy away from one of aggressive confrontation to giving some ground to show they can govern . Boehner succeeded at tamping down the public splits among House Republicans -- at least for now -- and adjusted the expectations for his members . Two years ago , a large freshmen class backed by the tea party handed Boehner the gavel as speaker . This group pushed for massive spending cuts and changes to how the government operates . But the dysfunction and gridlock after those demands hit a wall with a majority Democrat Senate and Obama , sending Congress ' approval ratings plummeting . Polls show the GOP got the bulk of the blame . For Boehner , just getting the bare minimum done on Capitol Hill turned into a herculean task . Congress faces a trio of major legislative battles in the first 90 days of 2013 -- the need to raise the debt ceiling as early as mid-February , automatic spending cuts kicking in at the beginning of March , and another threat of a government shutdown at the end of March . But instead of arguing as they have -- that their majority in the House is a mandate from voters not to compromise -- GOP leaders decided to start the year taking smaller steps to achieve their goals . House Republicans to vote on three-month debt ceiling extension At the retreat , Boehner tapped former 2012 GOP vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , popular among conservative ranks , to walk members through the big fights ahead . GOP faces realities of divided government Ryan , the House Budget Committee chairman , said the GOP was still determined to force Congress to take up major deficit-reduction measures , but summed up his message to reporters after a session with all House Republicans . "  We also have to recognize the realities of divided government that we have , " he said . Acknowledging that another contentious face-off with the White House over the debt limit was n't likely to end well for them , Boehner worked with a small group of members that included Ryan and other leading conservatives to come up with a plan to postpone that fight . As the retreat ended Friday , House GOP leaders announced the House would vote next week on a bill to extend the nation 's borrowing authority for another three months . But their plan removed a hardline demand for spending cuts that House Republicans previously insisted had to be attached to any measure to increase the debt ceiling . That so called "  Boehner rule " -- any increase in the debt limit had to be accompanied by spending cuts of the same size -- was only going to run into another public clash with the White House . Instead , their legislation conditions the increase in the debt limit on a requirement that the Senate pass a budget -- something conservatives complain the upper chamber has failed to do the past four years . And their proposal also includes a provision that says if Congress does n't pass a budget by the mid-April deadline , its members wo n't get paid . House GOP aides maintain that the Boehner rule is still in place as they negotiate measures down the line , but taking it out of the mix for now was a major acknowledgment that the fight had become unwinnable . South Carolina Rep. Mick Mulvaney , one of the dozen House Republicans who did n't vote to reelect Boehner speaker , told reporters after the retreat that he agreed it was better to push off the most contentious battle . "  Why would n't we deal with the smaller ones first , maybe build up a little momentum , build up a little credibility -- not only with the credit markets but also with the folks back home -- that we can actually deal with these things , " Mulvaney said , adding , "  I think it makes perfect sense . It 's a rational , reasonable thing to do . " Another conservative member , Rep. John Fleming of Louisiana , who noted that he 's never voted for a debt-ceiling increase , said he supported the approach . He also pointed out that the move reflected a commitment by Boehner to avoid one-on-one-negotiations with the president on these issues in the future , and instead chart a course internally first . Boehner puts onus on Obama "  I do n't see the divisions now that maybe we 've seen in the past -LSB- among Republicans -RSB- and I think the process has improved , " Fleming said . Different tone coming out of GOP retreat The tone coming out of the retreat signals that leaders convinced many of those pushing for broader changes that they need to rethink how realistic it is to send proposals out of the House only to hit a wall in the Senate . But the cease-fire between conservatives and Boehner may not last long . Mulvaney noted that most of the newly elected House Republicans backed his effort to force Congress to offset the disaster aid package for victims of Superstorm Sandy -- a departure from congressional precedent to give immediate emergency money to states without any strings . Although that proposal failed , Mulvaney argued the strong support for it was evidence that conservatives would have more power internally to pressure leaders . Christie : ` Shame on Congress ' for not voting on Sandy aid "  Maybe the freshmen might be a little more fiscally conservative than people expect them to be , " Mulvaney said . Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana , who heads the Republican Study Committee , a group of fiscal conservatives , was part of the group Boehner tapped , along with Ryan , to devise the three-month debt-ceiling extension . While he helped GOP leaders generate buy-in from conservatives for moving away from their insistence for spending cuts now , Scalise summed up his role going forward : "  I need to pull our leadership to the right . " It 's unclear how the debt-ceiling battle will play out . Some Democrats saw the move to as encouraging , but argue revisiting the issue in three months causes instability for financial markets . And House Democrats called the requirement for Congress to pass a budget a "  gimmick . " Fiscal debates will again dominate Congress ' agenda for early 2013 , but other contentious battles such as immigration reform will also split House Republicans and could test Boehner 's hold on the speaker 's gavel . After the shootings at an elementary school in Connecticut in December that killed 20 children and six adults , Obama has urged Congress to make legislation with new restrictions on guns and ammunition a top priority . Boehner told House Republicans at the retreat he 'll look at what the administration is proposing , but he does n't plan for the House to take any action until the Senate passes something , and that could be an uphill battle . The GOP retreat also featured a panel with pollsters who showed internal numbers highlighting the party 's deficit of support among women and minorities . Both Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell and former Puerto Rico Gov. Luis Fortuno urged members to step up efforts to show it welcomes those groups . Attracting minority voters a key GOP goal Rep. Greg Walden , who runs the House GOP 2014 campaign operation to retain and expand their majority , told reporters he tapped Rep. Jamie Herrera Beutler , the youngest female House member and a Hispanic , to help with outreach . But Walden admitted Republicans need to step up that effort as the Hispanic community was increasing its voting numbers . "  We recognize that Republicans have good answers , we just have bad communications in many cases . "	House speaker 's failed negotiations with Obama weakened him among his own caucus House Republicans come out of three-day retreat looking like internal squabbles being settled Boehner still faces divisive fiscal fights between now and March Other challenges await : Gun legislation and attracting women and minorities to GOP
CNN  -- A federal judge in Louisiana on Thursday rescheduled the liability trial in the BP oil spill in Gulf of Mexico and postponed it to early next year from later this year . BP earlier asked the court to delay the liability trial until it decides whether to grant final approval to a class-action settlement that BP reached with attorneys representing thousands of businesses and individuals who made claims after the 2010 spill . The new trial date is scheduled for January 14 , 2013 , U.S. District Court Judge Carl J. Barbier ordered . The trial had been scheduled for November 8 , 2012 . The oil disaster began on April 20 , 2010 , with a rig explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon . Eleven workers died . Timeline of the Gulf oil disaster The proposed settlement totals about $ 7.8 billion , including associated costs and expenses , but the company , in a statement , cautioned the final tally could be higher . The settlement would be paid from a $ 20 billion trust , BP said . Oil spewed into the sea for nearly three months before a cap was placed on the BP-owned Macondo well , nearly a mile beneath the surface . The spill damaged coral reef formations , according to researchers . Scientists have previously confirmed that a plume of hydrocarbons from the well settled in the deep Gulf .	The liability trial in the 2010 BP oil spill is moved to January , a judge orders The trial had been scheduled for November BP had asked for a delay as the court reviews a class-action settlement 11 workers died and oil spewed for almost three months in the Deepwater Horizon rig explosion
The Haqqani Network is aligned with the Taliban and al Qaeda and is considered one of the most significant threats to stability in Afghanistan , security experts say . Associated with Pakistani intelligence , the network is actually a family . Last year , the New York Times called the Haqqani Network "  the Sopranos of the Afghanistan War . " Friday , the Obama administration said it 's going to designate the group a terror organization which would make is possible to freeze any personal assets the network holds in United States banks . Based in Waziristan , a tribal area of Pakistan , they 've been an effective fighting force in the region for most of the past 30 years . Their calling card is bold and complex suicide bombings , including high-profile attacks on U.S. and foreign personnel and assassinations of high level people in Kabul and northern Afghanistan , the Institute for the Study of War reports . The Haqqanis maintain legal businesses  like car dealerships and construction companies  and illegal business interests from Afghanistan and Pakistan and areas in the Persian Gulf and beyond , the Institute found . It also runs import-export operations and has commercial and residential real estate holdings . Read at length about the ` remarkably resilient ' Haqqani Network In September 2011 , former U.S. Ambassador Ryan Crocker officially blamed the Haqqani Network for a nearly day-long attack on the U.S. Embassy in Kabul . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , a Democrat from California , said Friday that she supported the administration 's action Friday . "  This group is responsible for more than 1,300 killed and injured U.S. troops , orchestrates the largest attacks inside Afghanistan , assassinates Afghan leaders and seeks control of Afghan provinces , " Feinstein said , noting that that the discussion to do this has been ongoing for two years . "  Over the past two years I have heard from leaders in the intelligence community and military in Washington and in Kabul that designation is the right thing to do , " she said . For a more detailed analysis , West Point 's Combating Terrorism Center lays out the Haqqani group and its objectives . For years , patriarch Jalaluddin Haqqani , who would be in his 60s , led the network . The former anti-Soviet resistance commander is regarded for his ability on the battlefield . His sons Sirajuddin , Badruddin and Nasiruddin and their uncle , Ibrahim , are believed to be in charge now . One son , Salahuddin , told a journalist that there are nine siblings in the family , according to the Jane 's security site . Six of the siblings were born to an Afghan wife , and three to an Arab wife . Sirajuddin is most likely leading the group , several security reports say . He is considered the most radicalized and violent in the family . "  Siraj is a brutal criminal murderer , " Gen. Jeffrey Schloesser outgoing commander of the U.S. 101st Airborne Division in eastern Afghanistan , told Jane 's . Another U.S. military source , which Jane 's did not name , described Sirajuddin as "  very much into the global extremism of al Qaeda ... He has got those ties  to al Qaeda  so he tends to be more violent than his father ever was . " Siraj , as he 's known to intelligence sources , seems to have begun turning the Haqqani terror empire into a ruthless killing machine around 2007 . That year , Lt. Col. Dave Anders said in a press release : "  Siraj is part of a younger , more aggressive generation of Taliban senior leadership that is pushing aside the formerly respected elders . " In late August , Badruddin was reportedly killed in a drone strike in North Waziristan . Badruddin handled day-to-day operations , security analyst Jeffrey Dressler said , adding that the death was n't anticipated to hurt the group as long as the Haqqani had money to regroup . Several security experts and U.S. military officials say Siraj Haqqani has extended the Haqqani Network 's reach to countries far from Pakistan and Afghanistan . In recent years , the group has managed to recruit fighters in Chechnya and Turkey , analysts say . -- Until recently , U.S. and coalition troops lacked sufficient forces to reverse the momentum of the Haqqani Network . The massive increase of special operations forces over the past year , combined with the increase in the number of conventional forces to execute counterinsurgency operations , is beginning to disrupt and degrade the Haqqani network 's infrastructure and operations . -- An increased drone campaign against senior Haqqani safe havens in North Waziristan has disrupted the network 's ability to plan and execute operations , and has targeted al Qaeda senior leadership and other foreign terrorists . To this point , there is a core power within Haqqani , but experts say that the network has survived for so many years because that core does n't bigfoot its many commanders . The Haqqani Network is more macro-management than micro-management . They cultivate alliances . And the looseness of their organizational structure seems to have served them . The Haqqanis also have reported links to Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence agency . In late April , the U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen said on Pakistan 's Geo TV that ISI has a "  long-standing relationship " with the Haqqani Network . A senior Pakistani intelligence official responded : "  We do have a relationship : that of an adversary . " "  We have made our resolve very clear that  the Haqqani Network  is an enemy we need to fight together , " said the official , who did not want to be identified discussing intelligence matters . Examples of carnage the network is believed to have orchestrated : -- The attack on the Serena Hotel in Kabul . In January 2008 , a team of gunmen strapped with explosives stormed the popular hotel . In that attack , three gunmen with explosives "  bluffed , shot and blasted their way through the hotel 's security measures , terrifying Afghanistan 's small international community in the process , " according to Jane 's . -- The attack on the Hotel Inter-Continental in Kabul . On June 28 , masked gunmen stormed a side entrance to the hotel , popular with journalists and Westerners . Six attackers detonated explosives ; several were shot and killed on the rooftop of the building . As an organized terror outfit , the Haqqani Network 's roots go back to the father 's emergence as a skilled fighter in Afghanistan 's war against the Soviets in the 1980s . The family is part of the Zadran tribe , which spans the Afghanistan-Pakistan border and stretches to Khost province . The United States military has described the Zadrans as warrior-oriented especially proud of trouncing their enemy in that war . Jalaluddin garnered an impressively tough reputation as a mujahideen fighter at that time . Later , at the head of his terror group , he was described by several U.S. officers as a "  mafia godfather , " according to Jane 's . Jalaluddin Haqqani developed a relationship in the mid-1990s with Osama bin Laden when bin Laden began living in Afghanistan . That is according to bestselling Pakistani journalist Ahmed Rashid , who is regarded as one of the world 's top experts on al Qaeda , the Taliban and Afghanistan . An unnamed military intelligence source explained to Jane 's in June 2009 that the Haqqanis would send politely worded but menacing letters to local tribes . The letters would inform the receivers that if they aided U.S. or coalition forces , the Haqqanis would kill them and their families . "  The line at the bottom of the intimidation letter is , ` You have no right to complain because we have warned you , ' " the military source told Jane 's . The Haqqani Network reportedly is well-funded . Security analysts said the father raised funds shortly after the war with the Soviets by traveling throughout the Middle East , cashing in on his reputation as a formidable mujahideen fighter . According to Jane 's , he also used connections achieved through his second wife , who is Arab . She either is living or has lived in the United Arab Emirates .	Haqqani Network is a family with patriarch and now sons running terror operations The group is well-funded with legal and illegal businesses , expert says Obama administration announced it would go after Haqqani assets in U.S. banks
Copiapo , Chile  CNN  -- The 33 workers trapped in a Chilean mine got a rare treat Tuesday night : they got to watch their national soccer team compete against Ukraine via a small projector wired down to their safety chamber on a fiber optic cable . Chile lost , 2-1 . But it was a diversion , nonetheless , as the miners try to distract themselves while rescue crews continue drilling down to save them on Day 34 of their ordeal . Ximena Matas , a spokeswoman for the Chilean minerals ministry , told reporters Wednesday that the drill being used in what 's called rescue Plan A has driven through 28 more meters  about 31 yards  of earth since Tuesday for a total distance of 141 meters  154 yards  . The Plan B drill plunged 145 meters  158 yards  more , to reach a total of 268 meters  293 yards  , she said , and equipment for the Plan C drill will begin arriving Wednesday evening . Plan A could take up to four months to reach the men , officials have said . The Plan B operation could get to them in two months , while the Plan C option -- which could turn out to be the fastest -- may not be ready to put into action until late September , authorities have said . The workers are trapped at a depth of 2,300 feet inside of a chamber in the mine . When rescuers first found them , the men told officials they had survived for more than 17 days by sharing a jar of peaches and small amounts of tuna and mackerel that were in their shelter . By last week , their meals included bread with ham and turkey , wine cookies , stroganoff with pasta primavera , peaches in juice , nutritional supplements , bread with caramel spread , chicken in sauce and plantains . A team of experts from NASA held meetings with Chilean officials Tuesday to discuss the miners ' eventual extraction and their lives beyond that . Dr. Michael Duncan , the deputy chief medical officer at Johnson Space Center , said the Chileans viewed the extraction of the miners as the end of the rescue operations . The Americans suggested that given the delicate recovery and re-integration of the miners , the actual rescue was just but a step in a longer process . For example , there is their re-introduction to their families and society , and the pressures they will feel from others and the media , he said . They will have to cope with a certain level of celebrity status for having survived in the mine , he added . NASA psychologist Al Holland , who was also a member of the U.S. delegation , said that the miners were in great spirits . The fact that they had organized themselves into groups and established a hierarchy among themselves before being found in the mine was good for their mental well-being , he said . Holland said he shared with the Chileans ideas about the importance of sleep and wake cycles and creating a systematic way of positioning lighting to that end . Chilean Health Minister Jaime Manalich told CNN the miners have been assigned tasks underground . The men have been divided into teams to manage the tubes that carry the supplies that are their lifeblood . One miner is in charge of setting the schedule of when they eat and sleep , another of nutritional matters and another of medical needs , he said . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann in Copiapo contributed to this report .	The miners were able to watch a soccer match live via a projector It 's been 34 days since they were trapped in the mine NASA experts say their eventual rescue is only the first step in their recovery
CNN  Thousands of Syrian and Palestinian refugees trapped in the Yarmouk refugee camp have suffered what can only be described as untold indignities . But while the story is in itself tragic , it is the individual lives at the heart of the camp that make the imperative for humanitarian action so compelling . I encountered two such individuals on my mission to Damascus -- Jihad and Mohammad -- tiny , vulnerable infants who were taken from Yarmouk in recent days , a place that was described last week by the U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon as "  the deepest circle of hell . " The fact that they are alive truly make them miracle children . Looking into those bright young faces , touching their pristine hands , the logic of our humanitarian mandate -- the mission to protect -- never felt stronger to me . Like the wider Syrian conflict , Yarmouk has a human face ; the faces of young Mohammad and young Jihad . I want to introduce you to them in the hope that you , too , will understand why I am firmly convinced that turning away is not an option -- and why the international community must act in a concerted manner to respond to the many tragedies in Syria . Jihad Ya ` qoub , the youngest Palestinian refugee to flee Yarmouk , was born on March 30 . His mother , Said Fatima , never imagined bringing a child into this world could be so tough . "  I was hoping to drink milk and eat eggs during my pregnancy , but our financial situation did allow us to buy these expensive food items , " she said . Said Fatima was living in a community where the average person survived on just 400 calories a day . Mohammad was born in Yarmouk on January 25 of this year . When ISIS -- Islamic State of Iraq and Syria -- entered the camp and tensions heightened , his mother , Nadia , fled in search of safety . Her only thoughts were to save the life of her newborn son . Yet she has not lost hope in the possibility of a dignified future . She hopes that if and when life returns to normal , she will be able to live once more with her husband and son in the family home in Yarmouk . These tales of courage and human dignity are a lesson for us all . When I next brief the Security Council , as I did a few days ago , I will tell them about Jihad and Mohammad . I will continue to press the case for humanitarian access to other children like them inside Yarmouk , other civilians who need help where they are . To do this , hostilities will have to subside . Pressure must be exerted on armed actors in Yarmouk to this end . Beyond that , those civilians wishing to temporarily leave must be allowed to do so safely . These things are all possible . But it takes the necessary political will -- nothing more , nothing less . Yarmouk must be a place where the politics of the possible begin to take hold . I believe they can . Because to abandon such belief would be to abandon Jihad , Mohammad and thousands of other civilians like them . And that is simply not an option .	Yarmouk is a refugee camp near Damascus in war-ravaged Syria Pierre Krähenbühl of the United Nations : Individual lives underscore need for humanitarian action
LONDON , England  CNN  -- In sport , being the best is not just about the having the greatest players . Here are five teams that have gone from zeroes to heroes , and in the process left their mark on sporting history . 1 . The European Ryder Cup team The 1980 U.S. hockey team 's ` Miracle on Ice ' against the Soviet Union . Europe 's Ryder Cup team has become renowned for upsetting the form book , frequently triumphing against higher ranked American opposition . Since European players were first allowed to join the British and Irish team for the famous golf tournament  to improve the level of competition  in 1979 , the U.S. has won six times ; Europe seven ; and the teams have tied once . The slight edge enjoyed by Europe , however , belies the lowly status of their players in world golf . For the last tournament two years ago in Ireland , for example , the Americans boasted 68.4 world-ranking points and the top three players , including world number one , Tiger Woods . Compare this with just 47.8 ranking points for the Europeans . Even so Europe went on to achieve a record third consecutive win . The key to this success has been the camaraderie and teamwork exhibited by the Europeans . Their players have consistently rallied around their position as underdog , managing to achieve a level of togetherness made all the more surprising since the team is made up of a collection of nationalities that are better known for falling out with each other . 2 . The 1980 U.S. Olympic ice hockey team A famous victory against a seemingly invincible Soviet Union side propelled this team of college players and amateurs to the level of national heroes . Although the U.S. team went on to win the gold medal by defeating Finland at the Winter Olympics , it was the earlier match against the Soviets that captured the popular imagination . Classed as amateurs , the Soviet players were essentially professional , and were provided with different job titles by the communist government to allow them to compete . Many of their players were considered legends of world ice hockey at the time . The U.S. team coached by Herb Brooks was , by contrast , genuinely amateur and came into the tournament in Lake Placid , New York , as rank outsiders . Their youthfulness and tenacity combined with patriotic home support saw them upset predictions , defeating the Soviets 4-3 in a match that became known as the "  Miracle on Ice . " The win over their Cold War enemies seized the imagination of the U.S. public -- it inspired two films and was voted the greatest sporting moment of the 20th century by Sports Illustrated . Dave Ogrean , former executive director of USA Hockey , called the victory "  the most transcending moment in the history of our sport in this country . " 3 . The ` Crazy Gang ' defeat Liverpool in the FA Cup Nobody expected lowly Wimbledon Football Club to do anything other than turn up when they played Liverpool in the 1988 FA Cup final at Wembley Stadium . Dubbed the ` Crazy Gang ' by British media because of the eccentric antics of their players and staff , who included future film actor Vinnie Jones , the team was outclassed on every front . At the time Liverpool were the dominant force in English football , having won the league title that year for the seventh time in a decade . Managed by former player Kenny Dalglish and boasting a host of stars , the team was expected to cruise past Wimbledon , who had little resources and were considered something of a joke . Under the chairmanship of Lebanese businessman Samir "  Sam " Hammam , Wimbledon earned a reputation for bizarre behaviour , with players setting fire to new signings football kits , and Hammam once offering to buy a camel for the team 's striker if he scored 20 goals in a season . The practical jokes helped to foster an extraordinarily strong team spirit , however , which saw them topple Liverpool 1-0 , with Wimbledon captain Dave Beasant the hero of the hour after he saved a penalty . 4 . Joe 's Jets win the Superbowl When the New York Jets took on the Baltimore Colts in the 1969 Superbowl , it was the team from Baltimore that was strong favorites . The Colts had stormed the National Football League  NFL  championship , considered at the time a much stronger competition than the American Football League  AFL  , headed that year by the Jets . This news , however , seemed to have escaped Joe Namath , the Jets ' charismatic quarterback , who gave a "  guarantee " a few days earlier at a news conference in Miami -- where the Superbowl was being staged -- that his team would win . True to his predictions , the Jets came out on top with Namath taking all the plaudits  Sports Illustrated described him as a "  folk hero of the new generation "  after a blistering performance that saw his team triumph 16-7 . 5 . The Magical Magyars The legendary Hungarian national football team of the 1950s is still considered one of the greatest teams in the history of sport . Although many of its players -- most notably striker Ferenc Puskas , who eventually moved to Real Madrid -- went on to play in the West , during its heyday the majority of the team was drawn from the Honved club in Budapest . The Magyars remained unbeaten for an unprecedented 33 consecutive matches  a record that still stands today  finally losing out in the 1954 World Cup Final to Germany . This golden age of Hungarian football was brought to an abrupt end in 1956 by the events of the Hungarian Revolution . Puskas and some of his team mates opted to defect to Western Europe , and never played for their country again .	Europe 's Ryder Cup team has often beaten the U.S. despite lower profile players America 's ice hockey win against the Soviets is known as the "  Miracle on Ice " Wimbledon 's defeat of Liverpool in the FA Cup was considered a major upset New York Jets Superbowl win in 1969 was inspired by quarterback Joe Namath
Three Bangladeshi navy ships have begun searching the Bay of Bengal for traces of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , but have yet to find anything , a commander said Friday . The ships are operating off a tip from an Australian company that claims to have found possible traces of an underwater airplane wreck in the area . "  We have n't found anything yet , and the frigates will continue the search until they verify all available information , " Commodore Rashed Ali , director of Bangladeshi navy intelligence , told CNN on Friday . Although Australian officials and other experts have derided the claim , acting Malaysian Transportation Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said he , too , is considering sending a ship to search -- even though he thinks it is "  highly unlikely " the plane will be found in the Bay of Bengal . Hussein said the tip could be confirmed only by sending vessels to the area , which is thousands of kilometers away from the official search area in the southern Indian Ocean . "  But I just want to stress that by doing that , we are distracting ourselves from the main search , " he said Friday . "  And in the event that the result from the search is negative , who is going to be responsible for that loss of time ? " His comments came three days after the Australian company GeoResonance publicized its claim that it may have found the wreckage of a plane in the bay . While GeoResonance said it 's not sure whether the debris is from Flight 370 , the company said it has been pressing officials to take a look . The chief coordinator of the international search effort said he doubts GeoResonance 's claims . "  I am confident that the area in the southern  Indian  Ocean is the right search area , and I 'm sure that in ... some time , we 'll find the aircraft in that area of the Indian Ocean , " chief coordinator Angus Houston said Friday . Houston said the search for the plane , which was carrying 239 people when it disappeared on March 8 , may take eight to 12 months . MH370 report : Mixed messages ate up time before official search started Next phase of the search The Bluefin-21 drone finished its 18th underwater mission and found no debris of interest on the Indian Ocean floor , search officials said Friday . The drone 's search area was set based on the findings of another device , a towed pinger locator , which had detected signals that officials believed were from the jet 's flight data recorders . But no debris from the plane has been found . The search is entering a new phase , Hishammuddin said Friday . He said officials have had detailed talks with several Malaysian companies about deploying specialized assets such as deep-water towed side-scan sonars and remotely operated vehicles to join in the new phase of the mission . Families told to go home After nearly two months of waiting at Beijing 's Lido Hotel , relatives of Chinese passengers said Friday they 've been told to leave . "  Chinese officials asked the family members to leave the hotel by 6 p.m. today , " said Wang Yong Zhi , whose wife was on Flight 370 . "  We do n't have a choice . " More than 100 of the plane 's passengers are Chinese , and the hotel has been a sentimental and informational hub for their families . Malaysia Airlines officials have been briefing families at the Lido over the past several weeks . On Thursday , some relatives wailed and yelled when the airline announced it was closing such assistance centers . "  Instead of staying in hotels , the families of MH370 are advised to receive information updates on the progress of the search and investigation and other support by Malaysia Airlines within the comfort of their own homes , with the support and care of their families and friends , " the airline said in a news release . The hotel has seen an increased police and government presence over the past few days . Media have been barred from broadcasting within the hotel complex . "  What can we do ? " one relative yelled as others kneeled in front of police . Airline compensation Wang said family members signed a letter , left fingerprints and agreed that a committee representing the families would continue working with Malaysia Airlines and the government on issues such as compensation . Under an international treaty known as the Montreal Convention , the airline must pay relatives of each deceased passenger an initial sum of around $ 150,000 to $ 175,000 . Relatives of victims can also sue for further damages . Malaysia Airlines said Thursday it would begin making advance compensation to the Flight 370 passengers ' next of kin to help with their immediate economic needs . But the airline did n't say how much of an advance the families would receive . Sarah Bajc , the American partner of Flight 370 passenger Philip Wood , said she was one of about 500 people at the Lido Hotel meeting Thursday . She said Chinese relatives had told her they dreaded the day that the hotel centers would close , fearing they would n't get timely updates at their rural homes . "  They are very distraught , because the average Chinese family member will be sent home to mostly a very rural place with limited access to  the  Internet , " she said . "  They just feel like all lines of communications will be cut . " But some family members do n't mind leaving the hotel . "  Nothing has changed for me , because living in Lido and living back home is the same to me , " said Steve Wang , a relative of one of the passengers . "  We will move on to the next stage , and we will still keep on fighting for the truth and where the plane is and where our loved one is . We will keep on with it . We will never give up . " Searchers dispute company 's claim that it may have found aircraft wreckage Is GeoResonance on to something ? Plane audio recording played for first time to Chinese families	Bangladeshi navy frigates searching Bay of Bengal have found nothing , officer says A Malaysian official warns of the consequences of sending ships to the bay The joint search chief says he 's still confident the plane is in the southern Indian Ocean Malaysia Airlines is closing relatives ' support centers , urging relatives to return home
CNN  -- The image of the Shinkansen bullet train streaking past Mount Fuji is a powerful part of the iconography of the resurgent post-war Japan . Introduced in 1964 , just months ahead of the the Tokyo Olympics , the bullet train represented everything that Japan wanted for itself : a sleek , cutting-edge and reliable mode of transportation . The average annual delay of a Shinkansen train is 36 seconds -- even accounting for earthquakes and typhoons . The Shinkansen network transports around 930,000 passengers every day . During rush hour , bullet trains leave urban stations around Japan as often as every six minutes . But nearly 50 years on , Japan 's hi-tech wonder desperately needs an update . With the fastest speed of Shinkansen trains at a "  mere " 320 km/h  200 mph  -- and some of its technology decades old -- Japan is now facing intense rivalry not only from European train giants France and Germany , but also China , whose 10,000-km  6,200 miles  "  gaotie " track currently in operation is the world 's longest high-speed rail network . It has become crucial for Japan to search for a new technology so as not to lose its title as a pioneer and leader of high-speed rail , and to drive billions of dollars in contracts . For Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , the answer lies in maglev , or magnetic levitation , trains that can reach speeds of 506 km/h  315 mph  . "  It is truly a dream technology , " Abe said in a speech at the New York Stock Exchange in September . Maglevs use powerful electromagnets to float and propel a swiftly moving train above its tracks , eliminating metal friction . Japan currently holds the world speed record for a manned maglev train , hitting 581 km/h  361 mph  in 2003 . High speeds , high costs The costs for these next-generation trains are eye-watering . Japan expects to spend more than $ 100 billion on the recently announced proposal to build a maglev rail to run the 286-km distance between Tokyo and Nagoya . With 246 km , or 86 % of the route , running through tunnels in the mountainous region -- a massively expensive undertaking -- there are concerns that the service , which is not due to operate until 2027 , could become a high-speed white elephant . See more : 11 things to know before you go to Tokyo Unlike previous bullet train projects , the private rail operator JR Tokai , which operates the Tokaido Shinkansen line , intends to shoulder the entire 9 trillion yen  $ 88.1 billion  cost of building the maglev line . It also has plans to extend the run from Tokyo to Osaka in 2045 . Despite the dream of slashing the 100-minute journey between Tokyo and Nagoya down to 40 minutes and the 145-minute journey from Tokyo to Osaka to 67 minutes , the project is facing considerable skepticism . According to Japan 's National Institute of Population and Social Security Research , by the time the first Tokyo-Osaka maglev glides down the track in 2045 , Japan 's population will have declined to 105 million from the current 127 million . Critics say there will simply not be enough demand for the high-speed service . "  Basically , JR Tokai is the most profitable train operator in Japan , but looking forward , a lot of their earnings will be used up for the capital expenditure in this project , " says Paul Wan , transport analyst at CLSA in Hong Kong . "  That 's the reason you 're seeing some investors being pushed away by that -- especially by the very long time frame for this project to become operational . " See more : Japan 's Kumano Kodo , world 's best unknown hike Even apart from the problem of demographics , Wan says that the Japan of 1964 -- when its economy was booming and its population was young and expanding -- was very different from the Japan of today . "  I can see why some people are quite negative on the project , " he says . "  If you look at the Japan of the past 20 years , the economy has not really been growing -- it 's been in a deflationary environment . At the same time the population is declining -- there just are n't enough babies there . "  Whether they will need such a service as the maglev in 30 years time is a big question mark . " Maglev between New York and Washington D.C. ? Meanwhile , JR Tokai is also seeking to export maglev technology overseas . Last month , it held a maglev road show for U.S. politicians , taking them on a test ride in central Japan . With the offer of bankrolling billions of the operating costs for a maglev link between New York and Washington -- cutting the current three-hour journey down to one hour -- the company reasons that if the United States invests in its technology , then others will follow . See more : Japan 's trains as safe as they are fast For Abe , it might be a hard sell , but one that has received his full backing . "  Making use of this technology would connect New York and Washington , D.C. , in less than an hour . It would free people from the congested roads that frazzle their nerves while saving not only 443,000 gallons of gasoline but also 682,000 hours of time that are now wasted annually , " the Japanese leader told the New York Stock Exchange "  In Japan , preparations are already well under way even now towards opening the Tokyo to Nagoya section . But before that , let 's first connect Baltimore and Washington , D.C. I have already presented President Obama with a proposal to do exactly that . " Even with the sweetener -- which would involve Japan providing the maglev guideway and propulsion system free for the first portion of the New York to D.C. line , linking the U.S. capital and Baltimore -- doubts remain . "  For the U.S. it 's all about jobs , " says Wan . "  If the project provides enough work then it may invest . " "  The real test of whether Japan can export this technology will come  when  they actually have the maglev up and running rather than just talking about it . " CNN 's On the Road series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	The Shinkansen network transports around 930,000 passengers every day A pioneer of high-speed rail , Japan faces intense rivalry from China and European train giants France and Germany Train company JR Tokai plans to build a $ 100 billion , 286-km maglev track to between Tokyo and Nagoya It also plans to export its technology overseas , pitching an offer to the United States
CNN  -- It is not possible to dial an Iranian number from an Israeli telephone . It will simply not go through . That lack of communication stems from the government level , where there is no dialogue between the two countries aside from public speeches meant to carry weighty threats of war to each camp . That is why it was so difficult for Ronny Edry , an Israeli graphic designer based in Tel Aviv , to get his message across to the people of Iran . "  My idea was simple , I was trying to reach the other side . There are all these talks about war , Iran is coming to bomb us and we bomb them back , we are sitting and waiting . I wanted to say the simple words that this war is crazy , " said Edry . Using his graphic design skills and his wife 's help  she is also a graphic designer  , he plastered memes over pictures of himself , his wife , his friends and his neighbors . He then posted them on the Facebook page of Pushpin Mehina , his small design school , with a resounding message : IRANIANS we will never bomb your country We * Heart * You . The response , said Edry , was overwhelming . "  In a few hours , I had hundreds of shares and thousands of likes and it was like something was happening . "  I think it 's really amazing that someone from Iran poked me and said ` Hello , I 'm from Iran , I saw your "  poster " on Facebook , ' " Edry said . "  I thought it was crazy because I never spoke to an Iranian in my life . I woke up my wife : ` There is someone on Facebook from Iran ! ' " He posted his designs for anyone to take and plaster over their own photos . The photos and posts have been flooding the page . Edry says he started the campaign to get past the harsh words and talk directly to Iranians to see whether there really was anything to fight about . Iran 's nuclear development program is causing alarm in Israel and its Western allies . Critics in the West say Iran is trying to develop a nuclear weapon while Iranian officials insist their nuclear program is for peaceful energy generation only . Experts : Israel would face challenge in bombing Iran nuclear sites Edry has received thousands of messages from people in Iran sending a statement to Israel , he say . He shared one private message from Iran , without revealing the identity of the sender : "  We love you too . Your word reaches out there , despite the censorship . And Iranian people , aside from the regime , have no hard feelings or animosity towards anybody , particularly Israelis . " One post on the Pushpin Facebook page says : "  We share a common history , have been sharing both our great and ancient cultures , languages and poetry together . ... We are so similar , and politicians can not cut a tie that has been tied thousands of years ago . I am proud to have you as my friends . " Not all the responses to the campaign were positive , however . One meme says "  Iranians We * Heart * You SO MUCH we are coming over . " The first meme was posted Wednesday , and Edry says he hopes the dialogue will not end merely with Iranians and Israelis . He noted the tension involves more than these two countries and he would like to include allies and neighboring countries in the conversation . "  The idea is to put the message out there that we do n't want this war . " "  At the end of it , I will be the one doing this war . Bibi is not going to take the gun , " he said , referring to Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin Netanhayu , "  I will have to . Before I go into another war , maybe I check this one a bit better . " When asked whether this style of campaign could work with Israelis and Palestinians , Edry said that it was probably already past that point , but now Israel has the chance to capitalize on an opportunity to start fresh with another regional neighbor . "  We are -LSB- right next to -RSB- Palestinians , so communication was not a problem . This situation is different because -LSB- Israel is -RSB- now just starting to talk to Iran , " he said . "  And maybe just by talking we can end it . " In an Israel Public Opinion survey by Shibley Telhami and the Dahaf Institute conducted February 22-26 among a nationally representative sample of 500 Israelis  margin of error is + / - 4.3 %  , only 19 % of Israelis expressed support for a pre-emptive attack on Iranian nuclear facilities without U.S. backing . And while 45 % believe an Israeli strike would weaken the Iranian government , 44 % believe it would actually strengthen it . The United States has pushed for a nonmilitary solution , including tougher sanctions and diplomatic negotiations . The growing tensions between the two countries have already impacted other countries as well : Israel blamed Iran for a Valentine 's Day bombing in Thailand and for a bombing the next day in India that targeted Israeli diplomats . India names Iranian suspects in Israeli car bombing	Israeli graphic designer Ronny Edry wanted to speak directly to Iranians On Facebook , he posted messages of peace , hoping Iranians would see them Edry says he 's gotten thousands of messages from people in Iran One message from Iran : "  We are so similar . ... I am proud to have you as my friends "
Kinshasa , Democratic Republic of the Congo  CNN  -- In the heart of Kinshasa , the frenzied capital of the Democratic Republic of Congo , classical music has found an unlikely band of heroes . Past the noisy , gritty markets and the cacophony of the city 's congested streets , a large group of amateur local musicians has been defying adversity and challenges to bring musical harmony to one of Africa 's most chaotic capitals . Passionate about the likes of Beethoven and Handel , the Orchestre Symphonique Kimbanguiste is a musical ensemble of some 200 enthusiastic men and women , eager to make their voices heard and follow their dream of making classical music . "  I love music , " says violin player Pauleth Masamba , who has been in the orchestra since 1995 . "  It makes me feel good -- I can say music is one of the things that comforts me , takes off the stress and makes me happy . " Watch the orchestra perform Handel 's Messiah Yet , running such an orchestra in a city like Kinshasa is no easy task . Rehearsals usually take place in the late hours as most musicians have to work during the day to make a living . More often than not , power blackouts -- a regular occurrence in Kinshasa -- will bring the evening rehearsals to a temporary halt , prompting the musicians to put down their instruments and try to fix the problem . Read : Malian kora legend breaks music barriers Another challenge the orchestra faces is a lack of practice space . When they are not practicing outdoors , musicians will often converge at the house of founder and conductor Armand Diangienda , which despite its large size can not fit all of the group 's members ; quite often some of the choir 's singers have to stand outside the rehearsal room , piling around open windows and doorways to make sure they are heard . But despite the constant logistical problems , the lack of resources and the limited funding , the Orchestre Symphonique Kimbanguiste is constantly growing . "  This is a passion , " says violin player Rodrick Muanda . "  That is why when we are here , we forget about everything else , we only think about music and nothing else . " Muanda says the members of the orchestra are united by their love of music . "  We 're all musicians and we are so used to each other that we live like a family , " he adds . "  We even call the orchestra the ` big symphonic family . ' " Read : Guitar hero of the desert Self-taught musician Diangienda put together the orchestra some 20 years ago after he lost his job as an airline pilot . At the beginning , he says , people did not understand what he was trying to achieve . "  It is only after our concert in December of 1994 that people understood what we wanted to do , because then the orchestra was there in front of them , " he remembers . "  What was extraordinary was that after the concert there were lots of people that came to register to be trained in music and to start playing in the orchestra . People were blown away -- it was something new in our community . " Diangienda says that when the orchestra started out they did n't have enough instruments to go around , so musicians often had to pool money together to buy used ones . They also had to figure out a way to fix broken instruments , or even build them from scratch . "  We tried to find substitutions for some instruments " he says . "  For example , we did n't have a place where we could buy strings , so we used bicycle cable for the strings . "  So many times also we tried to fix ourselves some instruments and also I remember one day I was with a friend , I told him , ` Why must we buy instruments ? Can we try to build a cello or double bass ? ' So we tried to do this . " Read : Street musicians unite world through songs In 2010 , a German documentary brought international attention to the group , as well as bringing additional funding and support . Called "  Kinshasa Symphony , " the film captured the musicians ' remarkable musical talent and resilient spirit in the face of daily challenges . "  The passion is there and that has allowed us to go above the difficulties , " says Diangienda . "  The symphony orchestra has brought us a form of discipline , something new that allows each one of us to bring a contribution in what we were doing . " Every now and then the orchestra holds free concerts in Kinshasa , aimed at inspiring a new generation of musicians and enabling more people to discover the work of classical composers . "  Up to now , this style of music is still foreign to people here , " explains Diangienda . "  Some people feel it 's Western music but we say it 's not -- it 's an expression for us of our own culture . " Diangienda says that another reason for the concerts is to show people in the DRC that music can be appreciated in a different way from the one they 're used to . "  Here in our country , music is listened to so that you can dance , " he explains . "  It is very rare that it is listened to just for meditation but I think classical music takes you really far . "  It allows you to meditate and express certain things that you might not be able to express with other style of music . " Ultimately , Diangienda says his biggest dream is to create a music school that will enable local musicians to export the country 's rich culture through classical music . "  I believe that kids growing up with this music and their Congolese culture will be able to express themselves better than us tomorrow , " he says . "  They 'll do symphonies or sonatas which will be classical but completely African . That is my biggest dream , to create a music school where kids will learn how to play instruments and adults will be able to learn as well . " Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	Kinshasa-based symphony orchestra has been going strong for nearly 20 years It has to contend with power cuts and has had to use bike cable for violin strings The orchestra holds free concerts to inspire a new generation of musicians Founder Armand Diangienda says his ultimate dream is to build a music school
WEST POINT , Georgia  CNN  -- A community that seemed on the road to becoming a ghost town has taken a turn toward prosperity despite the recession , thanks to an automaker . A roadside sign in West Point , Georgia , expresses support for Kia 's new factory . Korean car manufacturer Kia plans to open a sprawling automobile factory in tiny West Point , Georgia , by the end of the year . The boon has already spurred economic growth -- and just plain excitement -- among residents , said Mayor Drew Ferguson . "  We jokingly call it Kia-ville , " said Ferguson , a 42-year-old dentist helping to oversee expansion of West Point , population 3,500 . The announcement is drawing workers and businesses to the community about 80 miles south of Atlanta . "  The revitalization of the community is touching every aspect , " Ferguson said . "  We have infrastructure projects , new subdivisions going up , hotel professional services that are all needed to support the massive manufacturing . " The plant , which will make Kia 's Sorento sport utility vehicle , has hired 500 workers . By the time the factory opens , Kia hopes to hire 2,000 more . A smattering of Kia supply companies will eventually employ 7,500 additional workers . Watch the town 's excitement about the new factory " "  A lot of people feel that we are the savior for this area , which I hope we will be , " said Randy Jackson , director of human resources for the manufacturing plant . "  We got 43,013 applications ; 75 percent of those applications came from Georgia , and about 20 percent came from our neighboring state of Alabama . " Some of those applications are coming from auto workers around the country , including Detroit , Michigan , Jackson said . Overall , West Point stands to gain 20,000 jobs as a result of the factory during the next five years , Ferguson said . Georgia 's 9.7 percent unemployment rate reported in May is about the same as the June national average of 9.5 percent , according to federal statistics . The U.S. Department of Labor reported unemployment in a five-county region including West Point at 8.6 percent . To secure the $ 1.2 billion Kia plant , state and local officials helped assemble land from a former cattle farm to create a 2,200-acre industrial park . They also locked in about $ 400 million in tax breaks and other economic incentives . "  We think the investment will pay off big time , " Ferguson said . "  We 're already seeing it . But it 's not only in the dollars , but in the hope and opportunity , and the ability to create new jobs . " Ruthann Williams invested her life savings to buy and open the Irish Bred Pub on West Point 's Main Street . Now she commutes to work 45 minutes a day from her North Georgia home . "  I came here because of Kia , " Williams said . "  We jumped in with both feet and have not looked back one time . " ` My little town was gon na die ' Plans for the new factory have transformed a community that during the past ten years has been becoming a ghost town . Textile mills that once defined West Point shut down in the 1990s , leaving many out of work . Debbie Williams , co-owner of the popular Roger 's Bar-B-Que , was worried her business would go under . "  We 'd go downtown and there was nothing there , " Williams said . "  I thought my little town was gon na die . " Margaret McManus was laid off last year when the textile mill she worked for closed . The 52-year-old went back to school to study information technology . In April she landed a job as a trainer with Daehan Solutions Georgia , a parts supplier for Kia . McManus said she did n't think in a million years she 'd be making car parts . "  The job that I used to do for a long time , we thought we 'd retire there , " McManus said . "  It feels good to go to work everyday and have something to do . " The signs of transformation in West Point are everywhere . There 's new construction , including the city 's first new subdivision in 25 years . And businesses that once struggled are feeling the uptick . Williams recently replaced her restaurant floor because of all the new foot traffic . "  We see a lot of people we do n't know now . They want to see where the Kia site 's gon na be built , " Williams said . "  We always say if we can get them in here one time , we can get them back , and they come . They 're coming back . " Tom Oswald , owner of West Point Shoe Outlet , said last year was his best year ever . "  Once Kia announced they were opening we 've sold mostly steel-toed shoes for construction workers , " he said . "  Now we 're selling wingtips for men and heels for ladies . " And Malcolm Malone , who runs M&M Car Wash , said business is booming . "  It 's been up at least 70 percent , " said the 44-year-old West Point native . "  It 's like Christmas . " Or perhaps a little divine intervention deserves credit , as a West Point sign pointed out : "  Thank You Jesus For Bringing Kia to Our Town . " New flavors On Main Street , residents are sampling new flavors that have come to West Point since the announcement . Asian restaurants and businesses are popping up . The old Pizza Hut has transformed into a Korean Bar-B-Que , and the southern staple KFC is now a popular Korean eatery called Young 's Garden . Resident Christy Magbee said West Point is starting to feel like a melting pot . "  You got the culture coming in . You do n't have to travel to Atlanta anymore . It 's starting to come here , " she said . "  The old downtown is new again . It 's an exciting time , " Ferguson said . "  For us there 's a light at the end of the tunnel . " CNN 's Alina Cho contributed to this report .	Mayor : West Point , Georgia , could get 20,000 jobs resulting from Kia car plant Before Kia announcement , business owner thought town was "  gon na die " News spurs construction of West Point 's first new subdivision in 25 years Auto workers from Detroit , elsewhere applying for jobs at plant , mayor says
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Korean is considered one of the hardest languages in the world to master , but an elephant in a South Korean zoo is making a good start . Koshik , a 22-year-old Asian elephant has stunned experts and his keepers at Everland Zoo near Seoul by imitating human speech . Koshik can say the Korean words for "  hello , " "  sit down , " "  no , " "  lie down " and "  good . " His trainer , Kim Jong Gap , first started to realize Koshik was mimicking him several years ago . " "  In 2004 and 2005 , Kim did n't even know that the human voice he heard at the zoo was actually from Koshik , " zoo spokesman In Kim In Cherl said . "  But in 2006 , he started to realize that Koshik had been imitating his voice and mentioned it to his boss . " Why do elephants have hair on their heads ? His boss initially called him "  crazy . " Koshik 's remarkable antics grabbed the interest of an elephant vocalization expert thousands of kilometers away at the University of Vienna in Austria . " "  There was a YouTube video about Koshik vocalizing , and I was not sure if it was a fake , or if it was real , " Dr. Angela Stoeger-Horwath said . She traveled with fellow expert Dr. Daniel Mietchen to South Korea in 2010 to test the elephant 's ability . They recorded Koshik repeating certain words his keeper said and then played them for native Korean speakers to see , if they were recognizable . "  It is , for some of the sounds he makes , quite astonishing for how similar they are , " said Mietchen of the University of Jena in Germany . "  For instance the word ` choa '  meaning good  -- if you hear it right after what the keeper says -- it 's quite similar . " The findings have been published in the journal Current Biology this week and describe how Koshik places the tip of his trunk into his mouth to produce his convincing impression of a human voice . Koshik was born in captivity in 1990 and was transferred to Everland Zoo a few years later . From the age of 5 to 12 there were no other elephants with Koshik at the zoo , and his only interaction was with humans . The researchers believe Koshik may have learned certain words out of necessity "  to cement social bonds . " Koshik is expected to draw quite a crowd when the public sees him in the spring after construction at the zoo is completed . Will elephants still roam earth in 20 years ? Journalist Soo Bin Park contributed to this report .	Koshik grabbed interest of elephant vocalization expert in Vienna , Austria He was born in captivity in 1990 , transferred to Everland zoo a few years later The elephant can say Korean words for "  hello , " "  no , " "  good "
CNN  -- Didier Drogba scored the only goal as Chelsea beat Juventus 1-0 at Stamford Bridge to give Guus Hiddink 's side a slender advantage ahead of their Champions League last-16 second leg in Turin . Didier Drogba celebrates his goal as Chelsea took a narrow advantage after their home tie against Juventus . Drogba , his season hampered by injury , suspension and a fallout with axed coach Luiz Felipe Scolari , looked back to his predatory best when he took a pass from Salomon Kalou and despatched the ball beyond Gianluigi Buffon in the 12th minute . Former Chelsea coach Claudio Ranieri , now in charge of Juve , was given a warm reception by the home fans before the game . Ranieri is still held in high esteem by Chelsea supporters even though he failed to win a single trophy during his four-year stint at Stamford Bridge . Hiddink was taking charge of a Chelsea side at home for the first time since his temporary appointment and it was the hosts who made the first inroads towards goal with Jose Bosingwa forcing Buffon into a save with a left-foot shot from the edge of the area in the fourth minute . Four minutes later Drogba almost opened the scoring when he got ahead of his marker to turn a cross from Bosingwa just over the crossbar . But the Ivorian put the home side in front in the 12th minute when a superb through ball from Kalou provided him with a clear-cut shooting opportunity and Drogba supplied the required finish in style . It was the perfect start for the Premier League side although Juventus claimed Drogba was offside before he fired the ball home from 10 yards . In the 15th minute , Drogba should have made it two when he met a corner from Frank Lampard inside the six-yard box , but he inexplicably headed wide . Juventus enjoyed plenty of possession after the interval but found the Chelsea defense in fine form , with Petr Cech only having to deal with a succession of long-range efforts . Marco Marchionni and Alessandro del Piero both tried their luck from distance and Pavel Nedved went close near the end for the visitors . Chelsea also had chances to double their lead , notably when a 20-yard effort from Nicolas Anelka flashed inches wide , but Chelsea held on for the victory . "  We maybe should have scored a second goal to give us some breathing space for the second leg . I felt we suffered a little bit in the second half and Juventus are a difficult side to play , but I 'm happy with the result , " Hiddink told Sky Sports .	Chelsea beat Juventus 1-0 to give them advantage in the Champions League Didier Droba scores the only goal when finishing a pass from Salomon Kalou The victory makes Guus Hiddink 's side the favorites ahead of the second leg
The show will go on . Alan Jackson and Kid Rock will kick off SeaWorld 's "  Bands , Brew & BBQ " this weekend , bucking a trend of artists dropping the show to avoid controversy over how the Orlando , Florida , theme park treats its orcas . The concert event runs Saturdays and Sundays February 1 to March 9 . The exodus from SeaWorld 's calendar began soon after CNN broadcast the documentary "  Blackfish " in October . The film tells the story of the killing of a SeaWorld trainer by an orca in 2010 . It raises questions about the safety and humaneness of keeping killer whales in captivity . Country star Trace Adkins pulled out this month . Other acts that have canceled include : Trisha Yearwood , Willie Nelson , Cheap Trick , Heart , Barenaked Ladies , Martina McBride and 38 Special . Pat Benatar , Beach Boys cancel Only Justin Moore and Scotty McCreery remain on the event calendar from the original list . Their representatives have not responded to CNN 's repeated requests for comment . Online petitions and social media postings targeted the acts who had signed on to play at the park . "  We 're disappointed a small group of misinformed individuals was able to deny fans what would have been great concerts at SeaWorld , " SeaWorld spokesman Nick Gollattscheck has said . "  The bands and artists have a standing invitation to visit any of our parks to see firsthand or to speak to any of our animal experts to learn for themselves how we care for animals and how little truth there is to the allegations made by animal extremist groups opposed to the zoological display of marine mammals . " SeaWorld says the documentary ignores the park 's conservation efforts and research . "  More than 11 million people a year visit SeaWorld parks , and most will see a killer whale presentation during their visit , " said Gollattscheck . "  Over the course of our 50-year history hundreds of millions of people have experienced killer whales in our parks . There is tremendous appeal in that kind of inspirational and educational experience , and we anticipate that killer whale display will continue for generations to come . " ` Blackfish ' prompts school to cancel long-standing SeaWorld trip	Artists have fled from the calendar after CNN broadcast the documentary "  Blackfish " It raises questions about the safety and humaneness of keeping killer whales in captivity SeaWorld says the documentary ignores the park 's conservation efforts and research
The Supreme Court is used to having its decisions publicly criticized , but rarely in R-rated language spouted by a federal judge , who says the justices should just "  stfu . " The remarks come from Nebraska-based Judge Richard Kopf , who has a reputation for provocative commentary on his personal blog . Kopf , an appointee of President George H.W. Bush , criticized the high court 's ruling last week in the so-called "  Hobby Lobby " case . The decision gave some for-profit businesses the right to deny birth control coverage to their employees if they opposed on religious grounds . The 5-4 decision against a provision of Obamacare was predictably divided in public opinion . The senior judge made clear his views on Saturday . "  Five male Justices of the Supreme Court , who are all members of the Catholic faith and who each were appointed by a President who hailed from the Republican party , decided that a huge corporation , with thousands of employees and gargantuan revenues , was a ` person ' entitled to assert a religious objection to the Affordable Care Act 's contraception mandate because that corporation was ` closely held ' by family members , " he wrote . "  To the average person , the result looks stupid and smells worse . " And he went further . "  Next term is the time for the Supreme Court to go quiescent -- this term and several past terms has proven that the court is now causing more harm  division  to our democracy than good by deciding hot button cases that the court has the power to avoid . As the kids say , it is time for the Court to stfu . " Kopf helpfully linked to the Urban Dictionary to help decipher the popular acronym . It is not the first time his words have attracted attention on his blog , which he describes as enlightening "  the role of the federal trial judge . " During last year 's budget battle in Washington and partial government shutdown , Kopf spoke for many federal judges in expressing frustration over forced furloughs and reduction of court services . But most judges hold their tongue on such matters , in an effort to appear above the fray . Not Kopf : "  Tell Congress to go to hell -- all federal court employees are essential . " And he was criticized for a March blog posting entitled : "  On being a dirty old man and how young women lawyers dress . " He later offered his regrets at the comments , saying , "  The only thing bigger than my ass is my ego . " There was no immediate reaction from the Supreme Court to Kopf 's latest comments , and unclear whether the 68-year-old judge would be subject to some internal sanction . CNN spoke with Kopf 's office , which had no comment other than to confirm the latest posting was his . Federal judges in particular have to adhere to a Code of Conduct , which says in part they "  should respect and comply with the law and should act at all times in a manner that promotes public confidence in the integrity and impartiality of the judiciary . " Moreover , it also says they must avoid even the appearance of impropriety . This prohibition covers professional and personal conduct . The wide-ranging and often deeply personal thoughts on Kopf 's blog -- which he has authored since February 2013 -- reflect what he says is a desire that "  federal trial judges be seen as individuals with all the strengths and weaknesses  baggage  that everyone else carries around . " In the wake of the "  stfu " comment , he is again rethinking his online future . He wrote on Monday : "  Blogging will be light while I figure this out . While I will make up my own mind , advice  anonymous or otherwise  , particularly from experienced lawyers and judges , would be welcome . " Supreme Court women lash out at birth control decision	Federal Judge Richard Kopf wrote a choice expression in his blog He was responding to last week 's Hobby Lobby decision on Obamacare and birth control This is n't the first time Kopf has fired off prococative commentary online
Saudi Arabia may block access to popular Internet messaging applications like Skype , Viber and WhatsApp if telecommunication providers there do n't comply with rules and regulatory conditions , according to the country 's official news agency , SPA . A statement from Saudi Arabia 's Communications and Information Technology Commission released via SPA read , "  The Commission emphasizes that it will take appropriate action regarding these applications and services in the event of failure to meet those conditions . " The statement did not address how the applications in question -- which allow Internet users to communicate with each other via text messages and voice calls -- were violating any rules , but it did highlight the need for service providers in the country to quickly "  work with the developers of these applications to meet regulatory requirements . " Sunday 's announcement came in response to local media reports last week claiming the CITC , the country 's telecommunications regulator , had asked Saudi telecom companies to allow the government to monitor those applications and had given them until Saturday to respond . Despite repeated attempts , CNN was unable to reach the CITC or any of Saudi Arabia 's three mobile providers  Saudi Telecom Co. , Zain Group and Mobily  for comment . Sunday 's move was met with derision by many Saudi social media users . "  The sense that I get is weariness , " said Eman Al-Nafjan , one of Saudi Arabia 's most prominent bloggers , while describing the online reaction she 's encountered so far . "  A shrugging shoulders -- as if it 's typical . " "  I 'm not angry , just a little surprised that the Saudi government has n't advanced beyond this type of tactic , " added Al-Nafjan , who tweets as Saudiwoman . "  I thought that they were better able to do this without resorting to have to threaten banning applications . " Still , Al-Nafjan told CNN she 's not surprised by the timing of the announcement . "  I believe a big part of the reason why this is happening ... is because lots of demonstrations that were organized in Saudi Arabia were done through the use of WhatsApp , " explained Al-Nafjan , citing recent small-scale demonstrations calling for the release of political prisoners . In Saudi Arabia , an absolute monarchy , protests are prohibited . Sixty percent of the country 's population is under the age of 30 and Internet usage there is soaring . "  A lot of human rights activists that communicate in Saudi Arabia do so using WhatsApp , " added Al-Nafjan . "  And women 's rights movement members are communicating using WhatsApp . " Al-Nafjan said Saudi activists felt safer communicating using applications like WhatsApp and Skype , as they are encrypted . According to Christopher Davidson , author of the book "  After the Sheikhs : The Coming Collapse of the Gulf Monarchies , " the Saudi government has grown increasingly concerned about the rising tide of dissent being expressed by Saudi online activists of late . Davidson explained Saudi authorities would be looking for a way to monitor these applications because they are "  prime examples of modernizing technologies which can not be co-opted and controlled by national governments and their security apparatus . " "  In the past we 've had these voice-to-voice networks being blocked , " said Davidson . "  Sometimes for economic reasons , trying to protect state telecommunications monopolies . And that 's certainly been an issue in the past -- the blocking of Skype in some of the Gulf monarchies . But now I think it 's quite clear ... that it 's the social and political use of this media that 's most alarming . " For Al-Nafjan , the move is a "  waste of time . " "  People will know it 's not safe and move to another application , " said Al-Nafjan . "  The same thing happened with BlackBerry . " Saudi authorities threatened to ban BlackBerry service in the kingdom in 2010 , accusing the company of not complying with regulations . The CITC demanded the company install local servers so the service could be censored . An agreement was eventually reached but it is not known what steps were taken by the manufacturer of the Canadian smartphone in order to do so . "  People who are aware know that it 's not that big of a deal even if these applications are blocked , " explained Al-Nafjan . "  The issue is if they ban the Internet or if they do n't provide Internet sevices . As long as the Internet is available , there 's no way that they can end freedom of speech -- it 's gone beyond the point of no return . "	Saudi communications regulation agency threatens to block apps like Skype , WhatsApp Agency says the apps must comply with rules , but does n't say what rules they 're breaking Reports last week said telecoms were asked to let government monitor communications A Saudi blogger says the move may be because the apps are used to organize protests
CNN  -- After an hours-long search on Wednesday , former model and celebrated restaurateur B. Smith has been found . The 65-year-old , who has Alzheimer 's disease , was last seen taking a jitney from New York to the Hamptons on Tuesday , reports CNN affliate WABC . When she did n't show up at her destination , Smith 's husband , Dan Gasby , reported her missing and asked the public for help . By Wednesday afternoon , Smith was found by her daughter at a restaurant in New York City , not far from a former residence , WABC reports . It appears that Smith got off the jitney at the wrong stop , and then returned to New York . Smith 's husband told the news station that his wife had never gotten lost before . The groundbreaking talent , who in 1976 became one of the first African-American women to land the cover of Mademoiselle magazine , opened up to CBS ' "  Sunday Morning " in June about being diagnosed with Alzheimer 's . "  It feels like crying , " Smith said of the diagnosis . "  Things like that make me very sad . " Still , "  even with Alzheimer 's , I think that things are gon na work out , " Smith continued . "  I 'm gon na do my best to make it work out for me , and for as many people that I can possibly help , too . " In addition to modeling and acting , Smith built a restaurant and home entertaining empire . Smith has opened restaurants in New York and Washington , D.C. , authored cookbooks and released a line of home goods .	Former model B. Smith was reported missing Wednesday She was later found in a Manhattan diner Smith was a groundbreaking model She recently opened up about having Alzheimer 's disease
CNN  -- Anita Dunham 's first heart attack started with a mysterious pain in her arm -- and , suddenly , the 34-year-old felt as if she could n't breathe . After she got dressed , she could barely speak because the pain was so great in her arms and chest . Jolen Johnson took this photo of co-workers wearing red Friday in Cedar Park , Texas . Dunham , who had a second heart attack in 2002 , wore red Friday to spread awareness about heart disease . Now 64 years old , she said she wants women everywhere to know that heart disease , the No. 1 killer for women , can affect women in all walks of life . She and others shared their stories with CNN 's iReport.com . Read more about Dunham The National Heart Lung and Blood Institute , part of the National Institutes of Health , promoted the red clothing day to spread the message that "  Heart Disease Does n't Care What You Wear -- It 's the # 1 Killer of Women , " according to its Web site . Others who wore red have family members who succumbed to heart disease . Robin Savage , 42 , of San Juan Capistrano , California , said her grandfather , father and mother all had heart disease . Besides wearing red herself , she goes to heart events and takes pictures of them for a local Web site . See more from iReporters on National Wear Red Day " Savage has to take beta blockers because her heart sometimes races when she eats certain things , particularly foods containing the preservative MSG . She watches her diet closely and exercises 30 minutes a day to keep herself healthy . iReport.com : Heart Disease runs in my family For her sons , 9 and 12 , she monitors their diet closely , but fears that she will die while they are young . "  It 's such a huge void in your life , especially when you have your own kids and you do n't have your mom around to , say , ask questions , " she said . "  I was completely lost when I had kids . " Visit CNNhealth.com , your connection to better living Peggy Roesch , a 24-year-old graphic designer from Cincinnati , Ohio , said her grandfather had a heart attack five years ago . She was recently inspired by her mother , who runs marathons , to start running more herself . iReport.com : Seeing red Eileen Velez from West Palm Beach , Florida , has been organizing her co-workers to wear red to show heart awareness every year since 2007 . "  If everyone is wearing red at the same time , somebody is going to notice , " she said . iReport.com : Kimley-Horn and Associates Despite the nationwide movement , Dunham said she had n't noticed anyone else in her town of Earlimart , California , wearing red on Friday . Her message to others at risk for heart disease is to watch their weight . "  I tell -LSB- my daughter -RSB- every day , ` You know you need to start watching your diet or you 're going to be in the hospital with a heart attack , ' " she said . CNN 's Cristina Martin contributed to this report .	NIH promotes National Wear Red Day on February 6 The event is intended to spread awareness of heart disease , especially for women iReport.com : Share your National Wear Red Day experience
InStyle.com  -- Michelle Obama dazzled on the dance floor Tuesday night at the Neighborhood Inaugural Ball in Washington , wearing an elegant , one-shouldered ivory gown created for her by 26-year-old designer , Jason Wu . First lady Michelle Obama dazzled in a Jason Wu original gown . The one-of-a-kind silk chiffon confection was embellished with organza rosettes , Swarovski crystal rhinestones and silver embroidery . The first lady accessorized with diamond chandelier earrings , a white gold and diamond ring and a stack of diamond bangles by jeweler Loree Rodkin . The president summed up his wife 's look best before their first dance -- to Beyoncé 's rendition of "  At Last " -- when he said , "  First of all , how good-looking is my wife ? " Michelle Obama has worn Wu once before , during an interview with Barbara Walters . Wu , one of America 's leading young designers , debuted his first collection in February 2006 and has since earned accolades such as Fashion Group International 's Rising Star Award . Watch InStyle.com 's Joe Berean discuss the gown " Obama was likely introduced to the designer in one of her favorite Chicago , Illinois , boutiques , Ikram . The new first lady has made a conscious effort to support young , diverse talent in the fashion community . In choosing Wu , who is originally from Taiwan , Obama continues a tradition of wearing American designers who hail from other countries . They include Cuban-American designers Isabel Toledo , who designed her yellow lace inauguration ensemble ; Narciso Rodriguez , designer of the red and black dress she wore on election night ; and designer Thakoon Panichgul , originally from Thailand , who designed the floral dress she wore the evening her husband accepted the Democratic nomination for president . Michelle Obama 's style statement is one meant to inspire ethnic and class diversity in the world of fashion . Aside from being a socially conscious purveyor of style , Obama also sends a clear message of hope and promise by choosing colorful , reasonably priced pieces . Watch the Obamas enjoy the night " She prefers bright , cheerful shades such as yellow , electric blue , red and purple , and has been seen on multiple occasions in head-to-toe looks from moderately priced American retailer J.Crew . In fact , daughters Malia and Sasha braved Tuesday 's chilly weather in coats from the brand 's children 's collection . Michelle Obama was first seen in J.Crew during a visit to the "  Tonight Show " with Jay Leno on October 27 . "  This is a J.Crew ensemble , " she told the host . "  We ladies , we know J.Crew . " The first lady also said she had a penchant for Internet shopping , saying , "  When you do n't have time , you got ta click ! " Obama wore J.Crew again at the Kids ' Inaugural Concert on Monday . She gave the colorful ensemble a luxe spin with dangling green sapphire earrings from Loree Rodkin and a Deco-inspired belt buckle . InStyle magazine Fashion Director Hal Rubenstein appreciates Obama 's straightforward approach to fashion . "  People tend to think classic looks are synonymous with boring , but they 're not , " he explains . "  Michelle Obama has a specific style that works for her . She has a lady-like approach to style that is elegant and inspiring . "  What we 'll see as a result is this idea of looking put-together and sophisticated , as opposed to being daring or flamboyant . It 's all about looking polished , like you know what you 're doing . " Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	First lady 's elegant , one-shouldered ivory gown created by 26-year-old Jason Wu The one-of-a-kind silk chiffon confection was embellished with organza rosettes Michelle Obama has tradition of wearing American designers from other nations Her time-saving shopping secret -- buying on the Internet
CNN  -- From musical hats to shirts that not only fit , but help you keep fit , what once was science fiction has become cyber fact . The good news is that refined designs mean it 's now possible to look chic -- rather than geek -- in the latest inventions . Take the Ralph Lauren Polo Tech Shirt . First worn by ball boys at this year 's U.S. Open , it 'd look good in any hotel gym . What 's so smart about it ? A conductive band with bio-sensing fibers beneath your chest picks up heart rate and breathing data , while additional built-in wizardry logs every step taken and every calorie burned . Available in 2015 , the Polo Tech Shirt streams real time data to your smart phone and tablet app . The Apple Watch will be among the most hotly anticipated gadgets of 2015 , bringing the computer to your carpus . It can pull up your boarding pass and flight itinerary , store photos and check the weather while controlling thermostats , door locks and lights back home . And , naturally , you 'll be able to access email and your favorite travel apps . Top travel apps Apps are going to become even more integrated with the travel experience next year . The year ahead will be about the speed at which you can hop on a plane with minimal planning , without using a computer or travel agent . Imagine booking last-minute travel right from your wrist . It takes only 10 seconds to book a same-day hotel with the Hotel Tonight app .  Of course , you still have to spend time deciding which hotel you want to stay in . New to 2014 , Flight Tonight monitors available round-trip flights leaving from your preferred airport . If a flight is delayed , apps like TripIt Pro can secure you an alternate flight . It 's also one of many apps that feature alerts when your ideal window or aisle seat opens up . The power to book is now at the tip of your fingers , and is pitting passenger-against-passenger in the battle for the best deals . Exploring exploration apps Apps are also changing the way we explore . For many , paper maps are already relics , made obsolete by the popularity of Google maps . But there 's an even newer and sexier tech in the game . Augmented reality apps like Yelp Monocle and Wikitude overlay real world images through your mobile device 's camera with digital worlds , with labeled restaurants , shops , bars , landmarks and attractions . Wikitude has a multitude of worlds , such as Starbucks World , World Heritage List , Wildlife Parks in Asia and Irish Pubs Worldwide , showing only those landmarks around you . The Google Glass high-tech headset may have a challenger next year in Samsung 's Gear Blink . Potential features include an augmented reality app that projects a keyboard onto your hand allowing you to type into thin air . No tray table required . How about a warm and wireless way to experience music this winter ? 1voice has developed a beanie with built-in Bluetooth headphones that stream music from your portable devices . It 's the perfect way to listen to your favorite tunes without getting all tangled up . Of course , there comes a time when you simply want to block out all the digital noise . For such occasions , we 'll soon be able to use Hush , being developed as the world 's first smart earplug . It claims to filter out unwelcome sounds while allowing important phone calls or alarms to intrude . Looking smart and traveling smart will become even easier in 2015 .	Samsung 's Gear Blink could have a projected keyboard that allows you to type in the air Ralph Lauren 's Polo Tech Shirt uses bio-sensing fabrics to monitor physical activity Hush earplugs filter out unwelcome sounds while allowing phone calls and alarms to intrude
EW.com  -- First the good news : Paramount 's $ 5 million found footage horror sequel "  Paranormal Activity 4 " easily led the box office with $ 30.2 million in its first three days . Now for the bad news : That 's 43 percent less  i.e. $ 22.4 million less  than "  Paranormal Activity 3 " earned in its debut frame , and 26 percent less  $ 10.5 million  than "  Paranormal Activity 2 " managed . Fortunately for Paramount , the tiny cost of the Paranormal films still make them highly profitable , but the sharp drop off from "  PA3 " to "  PA4 " could spell trouble for the franchise . "  Paranormal Activity 4 , " which received a "  C " CinemaScore grade from polled audiences , has received the worst reviews of any entry in the series , yet Paramount chose to open it earlier than its predecessors . The film was released on Thursday night at 9 p.m. -- "  PA2 " and "  PA3 " opened at midnight -- and perhaps negative word-of-mouth spread faster and earlier , thus limiting its weekend prospects . Also making matters difficult was direct competition from Sinister , the similarly themed horror title that opened to $ 18 million last weekend . One thing is certain : "  Paranormal Activity 4 " is going to have a front-loaded run . The picture fell by a whopping 38 percent from Friday  $ 15.1 million  to Saturday  $ 9.4 million  -- never a sign of box office longevity . Furthermore , horror movies -- and especially horror sequels -- are typically some of the most front-loaded films of any genre due to young audiences  60 percent of PA4 's audience was below the age of 25  , who rush to the theater on opening weekend . "  PA2 " and "  PA3 " each finished with about twice as much as they earned on opening weekend , grossing $ 84.8 and $ 104 million respectively , but "  PA4 " will be lucky to score $ 60 million total . Still , this is n't a shameful result -- the film only cost $ 5 million , and its $ 8,851 per theater average was the best in the Top 20 -- but it 's certainly an underwhelming one . If "  Paranormal Activity 4 's " box office take felt less than impressive , "  Argo 's " sophomore frame seemed just the opposite . Warner Bros. ' $ 45 million Ben Affleck-directed spy thriller dropped only 15 percent in its second weekend to $ 16.6 million , thereby lifting its total to $ 43.2 million after 10 days . The Oscar front-runner , which earned an amazing "  A + " CinemaScore grade last weekend , has a decent shot at breaking $ 100 million at the domestic box office if it can keep scoring remarkable holds like this one . Third place went to "  Hotel Transylvania , " which is demonstrating impressive staying power as Halloween approaches . Sony 's $ 85 million kiddie flick dropped 22 percent this weekend to $ 13.5 million , giving the film a terrific $ 119 million total . In just a few days , "  Hotel " will become the young Sony Pictures Animation 's most successful film ever domestically , surpassing "  Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs ' " $ 124.9 million gross . In fourth , "  Taken 2 " dropped by 39 percent  a better hold than last weekend 's 56 percent decline  to $ 13.4 million . After 17 days , Fox 's Liam Neeson vehicle has grossed an impressive $ 106 million , and although it appears likely that Taken 2 will fall a bit short of the $ 145 million domestic finish that the original "  Taken " earned domestically , Fox certainly is n't worried . The studio spent just $ 45 million on the film , and it is a hit around the world -- it took two weeks to outgross its predecessor overseas and has now grossed $ 240.9 million globally -- and talks have reportedly already begun for "  Taken 3 . " Summit 's Alex Cross fared badly in fifth place . The thriller , which stars the oft-cross-dressing Madea-director Tyler Perry in the title role , grossed $ 11.8 million , the worst debut ever for a film starring Perry and the worst debut ever in the Alex Cross series . Morgan Freeman formerly played the action star , based on a popular character in James Patterson 's series of novels , in 1997 ′ s "  Kiss the Girls " and 2001 ′ s "  Along Came A Spider , " which opened with $ 13.2 million and $ 16.7 million , respectively . Alex Cross , which cost Summit and QED Entertainment about $ 23 million to make , played to a typical Tyler Perry crowd . Audiences were 60 percent female , 68 percent above the age of 35 , and 74 percent African-American , and although relatively few people saw the film , those that did liked what they saw , issuing it an "  A " CinemaScore grade . Maybe if the film had been called Tyler Perry 's Alex Cross , it could have started a bit better . 1 . Paranormal Activity 4 -- $ 30.2 million 2 . Argo -- $ 16.6 million 3 . Hotel Transylvania -- $ 13.5 million 4 . Taken 2 -- $ 13.4 million 5 . Alex Cross -- $ 11.8 million Two more box office shout-outs . "  Looper " has quietly grown into a solid mid-level hit . After four weekends , the TriStar sci-fi thriller has earned $ 57.8 million and it will pass $ 60 million this week . Meanwhile , Oscar contender "  The Sessions " opened successfully in limited release in New York and Los Angeles this weekend , taking in $ 121,000 from four theaters , giving it an impressive $ 30,250 per theater average . The film will add nine theaters to its run next weekend . Check back next week for full box office coverage of "  Chasing Mavericks , " "  Fun Size , " "  Cloud Atlas , " and "  Silent Hill 2 , " and follow me on Twitter for more box office analysis and up-to-the-minute updates ! See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Paranormal Activity 4 " led the box office but earned less than the last film The picture fell by 38 percent from Friday to Saturday The Ben Affleck-directed spy thriller "  Argo " came in second
CNN  -- Since 1992 , Magnus MacFarlane-Barrow has dedicated his life to helping people in need . Today , his Mary 's Meals program , run from a tin shed in the Scottish Highlands , provides free daily meals to more than 400,000 children around the world . Below are his thoughts on being chosen as a Top 10 CNN Hero . Q : Where were you when you got the call that you 'd been selected as a Top 10 CNN Hero ? Magnus MacFarlane-Barrow : When I got the call , I was actually in a car on the way from Edinburgh , Scotland 's capital . Mary 's Meals was chosen to be part of the festivities to celebrate the pope 's visit and his historic meeting with the queen . Mary 's Meals volunteers turned out in force and spent the day on the streets , collecting cans and handing out Mary 's Meals literature . As usual , we were astounded by people 's generosity . Your incredible news made an already fantastic day even more wonderful . I was genuinely shocked to learn I had made the Top 10 , especially because I have been so moved and impressed by all those other people featured as Heroes . Q : What do you hope it will mean to Mary 's Meals for you to be a Top 10 CNN Hero ? MacFarlane-Barrow : I still feel a little embarrassed by this whole thing . Mary 's Meals is a movement -- thousands of people all over globe doing small things every day so that hungry children can be fed , no one doing anything spectacular , just lots and lots of little acts of love . So to be singled out can sometimes feel slightly embarrassing . But at the same time , I know that this is the most incredible opportunity we have ever had to raise awareness of this vital work . I have no doubt that by highlighting the work of Mary 's Meals to a global audience , CNN is going to enable many more hungry children to start receiving daily meals in school . And that makes me so , so happy . Q : What do you want people to know most about your work ? MacFarlane-Barrow : In this world of plenty , no child need starve . And yet today , thousands will die of hunger-related causes . Our vision -- that every child in the world receive one good meal every day in a place of education -- can be realized .	Magnus MacFarlane-Barrow started Mary 's Meals to ensure a meal a day for children in school He says thousands die every day of hunger-related causes Mary 's Meals , based in Scotland , feeds more than 400,000 children around the world
CNN  -- Some analysts have attributed the recent downing of a U.S. RQ-170 Sentinel high-altitude reconnaissance drone in Iran to that nation 's increasingly sophisticated capability to launch cyber attacks . Others have dismissed the idea that Iran was capable of bringing down an RQ-170 , arguing that Iranian air defenses do not have the capability to track an aircraft with radar-evading technology . Either way , the incident clearly demonstrates American concerns regarding Iran 's nuclear capacity , as the drone was likely sent over Iranian territory to spy on its nuclear program . I find the argument that Iran is engaged in developing a nuclear weapons program credible . I am also convinced that Iran will not test a device , but rather will acquire the capability to produce a weapon quickly if its strategic environment deteriorates to such an extent that it feels it must . I am further convinced that an Israeli or American strike or strikes against its nuclear facilities would put Iran 's nuclear program back by a few years but would not be able to terminate it . In fact , such strikes would provide Tehran with the legitimacy to go ahead and acquire nuclear weapons capability in full view of the world and with international sympathy . It is time for world leaders to recognize the inevitability of Iran acquiring nuclear weapons capability , even if it remains untested , with Tehran following the policy and adopting the rhetoric of deliberate ambiguity . Moreover , the major powers that act as the self-appointed guardians of the current international nuclear order need to recognize that treaties and other legal documents are not the primary determinants when it comes to state decisions regarding acquisition of nuclear capability . It is a country 's strategic environment that principally determines such a decision . Iran 's strategic environment is such that it makes the decision by Iran 's policy makers to acquire nuclear weapons appear rational both to themselves and to the wider Iranian public . This is why leading opposition figures are as opposed to suspending uranium enrichment as regime hard-liners . The foremost opposition presidential candidate , Mir-Hossein Moussavi , in an interview with the Financial Times in the run-up to the elections in 2009 , stated categorically : "  No one in Iran would accept suspension . " The strategic rationality of such a policy was recognized in a candid moment by none other than Israel 's defense minister , Ehud Barak . In an appearance on "  Charlie Rose " last month , Barak was asked whether he would want to acquire nuclear weapons if he were an Iranian government minister . Barak responded very candidly : "  Probably , probably . I know it 's not -- I mean I do n't delude myself that they are doing it just because of Israel . They look around , they see the Indians are nuclear , the Chinese are nuclear , Pakistan is nuclear , not to mention the Russians . " While downplaying the Israeli nuclear weapons capability , Barak neglected to mention that Iran 's policy makers perceive the American nuclear and non-nuclear armada in the Persian Gulf and the Arabian Sea as the greatest threat to their security . All this obviously makes for a dangerous strategic environment as far as Tehran is concerned , regardless of the nature of the Iranian regime . The American decision to invade non-nuclear Iraq while desisting from militarily confronting a nuclear North Korea surely tells Iran 's rulers that even rudimentary nuclear capability can deter potential American and allied designs to attack Iran , whether to topple its regime or impair its nuclear capacity . Given the near-certainty that Iran is launched on an irreversible course for nuclear weapons capacity , there are only two strategies that can be used -- if not to stop the nuclear program , then at least to make it less threatening to American interests . The first is for the United States to actively promote the idea of a nuclear weapon-free zone  NWFZ  for the Middle East that would include both Israel and Iran . Iran has supported calls for a NWFZ for several years , most recently at a Nuclear Disarmament Conference it hosted in April 2010 , as long as it included Israel as well as Iran . However , promoting a NWFZ in the Middle East does not appear realistic for the United States in the short run because Israel is stubbornly opposed to it before a permanent solution is found to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Furthermore , domestic constraints , including a highly pro-Israel Congress , would not allow the U.S. administration to seriously pursue this course . The other option is to accept Iran 's status as a near-nuclear power and engage it in substantive discussions about the future architecture of regional security in the broader Middle East , and more specifically in the Persian Gulf , where Iran is the indispensable power . This would entail a drastic revision of the current American strategy of isolating and quarantining Iran , and replacing it with one that accommodates Iran 's regional aspirations and attempts to find areas of convergence rather than confrontation with Tehran . The American approach to India in the 1990s and the 2000s could form the model for such a policy . Such a change of course is likely to pose a major but not insuperable challenge to American policy makers , given the current atmosphere of mutual hostility surrounding Washington 's relations with Tehran . It would require creative diplomacy on the part of the White House and the State Department , including signaling Iran that the United States recognizes its pre-eminent status in the Persian Gulf region  much as Washington did with India in South Asia  and the legitimate role that goes with it . It will also mean reducing the paranoia currently afflicting Iran 's policy makers because of their fear of encirclement by nuclear powers . If this means that the international community has to learn to live with a near-nuclear Iran , then this is the price it must be willing to pay for stability and security in this crucial region . As recent experience has demonstrated , economic sanctions and military threats are only likely to stiffen the Iranian resolve to acquire nuclear weapons as well as to act as the "  spoiler " not only in the energy-rich Persian Gulf but also in the strategically important broader Middle East region . Furthermore , American hostility toward Iran reinforces the domestic legitimacy of the Iranian regime and discredits the democratic opposition , an outcome that is not in the long-term interest of the United States . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Mohammed Ayoob .	Mohammed Ayoob : Iran inevitably will acquire nuclear weapons capability Even Iran 's opposition leaders oppose suspending uranium enrichment , he says Ayoob : U.S. must engage Iran in discussions about security in the Middle East Such a change of course would pose a challenge to U.S. policy makers , he says
CNN  -- Sir Elton John and David Furnish are now husband and husband . The two married Sunday in Britain , where same-sex marriage became legal earlier this year . They had a civil partnership ceremony in 2005 , after 12 years together . They have two children -- Zachary Jackson Levon Furnish-John and Elijah Joseph Daniel Furnish-John . The two men invited people all over the world to join them for the ceremony via Elton John 's brand new Instagram feed . .	Elton John and David Furnish were married Sunday Same-sex marriage became legal in Britain this year The men previously had a civil partnership They have two children
CNN  -- I 'm fairly certain there 's nothing haunting my house , save maybe the leftover Super Bowl cheese dip still in the fridge . But so far , its intentions seem friendly . You just have to ignore the constant paranoid screams from the tofu . "  It wants my soul ! " "  Shut up , tofu . " It 's not entirely uncommon for me to have these lively conversations with my food . I probably need a girlfriend . Or a hobby . Or years of therapy . Fortunately , though , since the worst of my supernatural household concerns is confined to the lingering spirit of old Velveeta , I do sleep fairly well at night in the 2 square feet of bed space kindly allotted to me by my dog . Quite simply , I respect the demon cheese . The demon cheese respects me . And my dog respects nobody . Which is far better than what could have been said of two flatmates in London who recently sold an antique mirror on eBay because they were convinced it was haunted and willfully endangering their lives . "  I 'm going to murder both of you . Probably tonight . " "  But , Mirror , we saved you from the trash heap ! " "  Meh . " According to their eBay listing , it all started when one of them saw that the building 's landlord had put the old hallway mirror out on the lawn as rubbish . So , being resourceful , he retrieved it , added some silver paint and leaned it up against their wall above the radiator . Soon after that , things supposedly got weird . "  We both experienced what I can only describe as intense sharp stabbing pains , " the sellers wrote to prospective buyers . "  They would strike us both at the same time . " The two flatmates also complained of waking up completely drained of energy , screaming in the early morning hours with horrible feelings of impending doom . Though , to be fair , that kind of sounds like my typical weekday . Only with fewer tears and significantly less self-doubt . Regardless , this is the point where one of them should have turned to the other and asked , "  How about we just ... throw it away ? " But , that would be too logical . And , besides , the sudden emergence of blood was sort of interesting and new . Yes . Blood . You see , in addition to growing increasingly sick and depressed from all the evil hauntings , one of the flatmates even claims to have woken up with deep body scratches , for which he blamed the mirror and kindly provided a link on eBay for photographic proof . It 's also entirely possible that he just has a pet cat . Or , perhaps , an amazing lover . Or both .  But not like that . Of course , any potential buyer would need to believe such humorous nonsense as haunting pains and bloody scratches in the night . They , presumably , would also require an itchy Paypal trigger finger . The kind that leads you to bid on a used toilet brush at 3 in the morning . Click . "  Booya ! Who 's the wild man now ? " With the mirror , it was all about finding that absolutely perfect buyer , and the sellers noted that they "  would ideally like it to go to somebody who has experience with the paranormal/supernatural and knows what they are getting themselves in for . " Amazingly , thanks to the powers of the interwebs , there was no shortage of interest . And for everyone 's amusement , a few potential bidders began asking entirely reasonable questions of the sellers : "  I 'd like to buy this as a present . If I win the auction is there any way you could deliver it to my ex for me ? " Eventually , the mirror sold for Â # 100 , or a little over $ 150 . So , good on them . Well-played . As a result , I plan to list everything I sell in the future as potentially haunted . "  But this is n't just any Bell Biv DeVoe CD . It 's a * haunted * Bell Biv DeVoe CD . " In the end , it does n't really matter whether the mirror was evil or if their stories were even mildly believable . What matters is that somebody paid for the simple possibility . And I love that . It 's important to have a few good conversation pieces sitting around the house , and nothing sounds better than explaining how you bought a haunted mirror off two random guys on eBay . The story counts . Which is why , if anyone 's interested , I now have some leftover Super Bowl cheese dip for sale . It comes with a free Bell Biv DeVoe CD .	"  Apparently This Matters " is CNN Tech 's weekly , offbeat look at stories trending on the Web This week , Jarrett considers the eBay sale of a "  haunted " mirror Sellers said they were scratched , stabbed after pulling mirror from trash So , of course , somebody paid good money to bring it into their own life
CNN  -- When Nike signed a multi-million dollar deal to add Rory McIlroy to their ranks they must have salivated at the thought of the world 's top player going head-to-head with stablemate Tiger Woods . Imagine the marketing potential of their twin titans battling it out down the stretch at major championships for years to come , bedecked , of course , in Nike gear . That dream may well be realized in time , and Woods at least has one title to his name this year , but at the most high-profile tournament of 2013 to date both crashed and burned at the first hurdle . World No. 1 McIlroy was eliminated in the first round of the World Match Play Championship by Ireland 's Shane Lowry in Arizona , to add to his missed cut at his only other appearance this year , in Abu Dhabi . Woods , the world No. 2 , did n't fare any better , losing to Charles Howell III . The other two top seeds , South Africa 's Louis Oosthuizen and England 's Luke Donald , the world No. 3 , went safely through to round two . McIlroy squandered early chances against Lowry , who came to life on the back nine , chipping in for birdie at 11 and 12 before an eagle at 13 put him in the driving seat . The Northern Irishman won 16 to reduce the deficit to one shot but Lowry , ranked 68 , held firm to sink a four-foot putt at the last to claim a famous triumph . "  I did n't make enough birdies in the end , " McIlroy told the PGA Tour 's official website . "  Shane had a nice little stretch around part of the back nine . I hung in there , but I just did n't do enough . " "  Deep down I knew I could beat him , " a jubilant Lowry said . "  I 'm not here for no reason . I 'm not here to make up the numbers . "  I said to Darren , my caddie , walking down 11 or 12 , ` He 's not liking this one bit . He 's the one under pressure , I 've got nothing to lose , so let 's have a go from here . ' "  I 'm feeling quite good now , but it 's important not to get too high now because it 's only the first round , and I 've got another match tomorrow . " Heavy snow curtailed the first day and delayed the start on Thursday as the course was prepared for play . And in fading light , Woods and Howell decided to continue playing in near gloom to reach a conclusion . Woods squared the game on 13 but Howell birdied the 15th and 16th to go two up , wrapping the match up on the 17th . Woods was naturally disappointed in defeat but was pleased with his performance . "  I played well , I really did , " Woods said . "  I hit a lot of good shots out there . "  It 's the nature of the format . You 've just got to beat the guy you 're playing against , and I did n't do that today . Chucky won the match . " Elsewhere , defending champion Hunter Mahan moved into the second round after a comprehensive 5 & 4 victory over Matteo Manassero . Donald , the 2011 champion , fought hard to beat Germany 's Marcel Siem on the final hole while fellow Englishman , and European Ryder Cup hero , Ian Poulter beat Stephen Gallacher 2 & 1 . Graeme McDowell edged a close game with Padraig Harrington , Jim Furyk defeated Ryan Moore while 2012 Masters champion Bubba Watson and 2012 U.S. Open winner Webb Simpson moved into round two . There were other high-profile departures in the form of 2011 U.S. PGA champion Keegan Bradley , Lee Westwood and 2012 British Open winner Ernie Els .	Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy both lose in first round of Match Play Championship World 's top two players fall at the first hurdle in Arizona to players outside the top 60 McIlroy is beaten by Ireland 's Shane Lowry while Charles Howell III defeats Woods Defending champ Hunter Mahan through but Keegan Bradley and Dustin Johnson are out
Istanbul  CNN  -- Two aging former military commanders who masterminded a 1980 coup d'etat in Turkey failed to appear in court Wednesday due to health reasons , the semiofficial Anatolian Agency reported . Kenan Evren , a nonagenarian retired army general and former president , and former air force chief Tahsin Sahinkaya face charges of committing "  acts against the forces of the state , " according to the indictment . Prosecutors are asking for a penalty of "  aggravated life sentence " if the two former commanders are found guilty . Hundreds of activists gathered outside the courthouse in Ankara on Wednesday morning . Many held portraits of victims tortured or executed in the aftermath of the September 12 , 1980 , coup . "  We wo n't forgive , " said one demonstrator 's sign . The activists present represented a broad range of Turkey 's political spectrum , from communists on the far left to labor unions and militants from the ultra-nationalist right . "  It 's a turning point . It 's incredible , " said Mehmet Ali Birand , a veteran Turkish television broadcaster and author of the book "  The Generals ' Coup in Turkey : An Inside Story of 12 September 1980 . " Until recent years , military commanders acted with relative impunity in Turkey , regularly intervening in domestic politics and -- on at least four occasions in the past 60 years -- overthrowing governments . Many Turkish commentators said Wednesday 's trial marked a historic reversal for the army generals . "  Turkey 's first face-off with military coups starts today , " announced the headline in the English-language Hurriyet Daily News on Wednesday . "  I never really thought that one day I would see this , " added Birand . Evren , now 94 , led the overthrow of the Turkish government when he ordered tanks out into the streets of the capital in the predawn hours of September 12 , 1980 . Evren appeared in uniform on Turkish state television later that afternoon and made the following announcement : "  My dear citizens , I would like to state one more time that armed forces had to take over the administration for the welfare and happiness that the dear Turkish nation deserved , for the unity of the country and nation , to renew the strength and functionality of Ataturk principles which were tried to be made less effective , to place democracy that can not control itself on firm foundations , to restore the state authority which had been lost . " The military overthrow brought an end to years of bloody killings between right - and left-wing Turkish militants , and many prominent voices in Turkey and abroad initially welcomed the coup . A passage from "  Turkey Unveiled , a History of Modern Turkey " recalls : "  The cover of Time magazine showed a paternalistic portrait of General Evren clasping a collage of the Istanbul skyline in his arms with the caption ` Holding Turkey Together . ' " "  At the beginning , everyone said , ` Oh my God , thank God that they saved us , ' " Birand recalled . "  But six months later , everything changed and this was the worst-case scenario . " In the aftermath of the military takeover , accounts of appalling human rights violations began to emerge , as hundreds of thousands of people were thrown in jail , many of them tortured . The military junta also disbanded political parties , jailed senior politicians and sentenced hundreds of people to death . Longtime Turkey-watchers argue Turkish society is still struggling with the consequences of the coup . "  September 12th is the mother of all coups in Turkey 's history , " said Yasemin Congar , columnist and deputy editor of the Turkish daily newspaper ` Taraf . ' It damaged the whole country and probably caused incurable damage on one whole generation of the youth in this society . " "  It brought Turkish politics back to the kindergarten , " said Hugh Pope , co-author of "  Turkey Unveiled . " "  Evren  somehow wanted to force the politicians to be less conflictual , but he did so by dumbing them down to the point that Turkey 's political system is still recovering from it ... unfortunately the consequences of his actions ruined so many people 's lives . One has to wonder how Turkey is going to deal with that . " After stepping down from the post of president in 1989 , Evren lived for years on Turkey 's Mediterranean Coast . One of his widely reported pastimes was painting . The former coup leader 's works of art have even been displayed in exhibits . According to an article in the Turkish constitution , which was written by the military junta in 1982 , Evren and his fellow officers were protected from prosecution . But recent constitutional changes drafted and ratified by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's ruling Justice and Development Party cleared the way for a prosecutor to question Evren at his home last year . Erdogan 's government has also overseen the arrest and trial of dozens of other army generals accused of a much more recent military coup plot that was never successfully carried out . Among those arrested are retired general and army chief of staff Ilker Basbug , who commanded the Turkish armed forces until 2010 . He stormed out of a courtroom outside Istanbul last week , after court officials played recordings of wiretapped phone conversations . Some critics have called the prosecution of these military commanders a witch hunt , targeting political opponents of Erdogan 's government . Other observers argue it has been a vital process to bring the military under the control of elected civilian leaders . Since 1960 , the once politically-dominant Turkish armed forces have overthrown four governments . "  Ending the belief of impunity is very , very important , " said Congar of ` Taraf ' newspaper , which has published many damning reports about the Turkish military in recent years . "  It 's a huge step , obviously very late . These generals are very old . But it 's still symbolically very important for this country . "	Former President Kenan Evren , 94 , is one of the leaders on trial The ex-leader faces charges of committing "  acts against the forces of the state " He is on trial together with air force chief Tahsin Sahinkaya "  September 12th is the mother of all coups in Turkey 's history , " analyst says of 1980 coup
Dubai 's 828-meter Burj Khalifa has less than a year left as the world 's tallest building . China 's projected 838-meter  2,749 feet  Sky City broke ground in Changsha in central China on July 20 . Astonishingly , the construction company behind it expects to top out in April 2014 -- a build time of just 10 months . It took five years to build the Burj Khalifa . Fast construction claims from Broad Group , the Changsha-based construction company in charge of the build , have elicited strong reactions from China 's "  netizens , " as well as experts . "  The speed is horrifying , how can that be possible ? " said one user on Weibo , China 's Twitter-like service . Another criticized the liveability of the homes within , calling the project a "  giant stack of trailer homes . " But the building would appear to herald a new age in Chinese construction , one in which tall , fast builds become common . It 's already difficult to keep track of China 's tallest building announcements . China 's race for the sky Other projects under construction in China include : • Shanghai Tower , Shanghai  632 meters , completion in 2014 • Goldin Finance 117 , Tianjin  597 meters , completion in 2015 • Ping An Finance Center , Shenzhen  660 meters , completion in 2016 • Greenland Center , Wuhan  636 meters , completion in 2017 • Golden Rooster Tower , Suzhou  700 meters , yet to be confirmed More than 10 cities in China are planning to build something taller than the 541-meter  1,775 feet  One World Trade Center , the United States ' tallest building due to open early 2014 in New York City , according to the "  2012 China Skyscraper Report " by Chinese architecture website motiancity.com . The site , which defines "  skyscrapers " as buildings taller than 152 meters  498 feet  , also reports that China currently has 470 skyscrapers , 332 under construction and 516 planned but unconfirmed . That means by 2022 China could have a total of 1,318 buildings higher than 152 meters , more than twice than expected in the United States . Last year , real estate data company Emporis reported that half of the 10 tallest buildings under construction worldwide are in China . Sky City will cost RMB 9 billion  $ 1.46 billion  to build . According to Broad Group CEO Yue Zhang , the building is meant to save on energy and land . The group says the 202-story , 1.05 million-square-meter building will keep at least 2,000 cars off of Changsha city streets by creating an environment no one needs to leave . The tower will house more than 30,000 people alongside a shopping mall , school , hospital , office areas , roof garden , amusement park , sports facilities , organic farm and a 10-kilometer "  walking street " that will run from the first to the 170th floor . "  Residents do n't need to step out of the building , they can do everything within it , " said Zhang . Safety concerns Some are worried the building could be vulnerable to safety hazards , due to the unconventional construction technique devised by Broad Group . That "  fast-building technology " allowed the group to put up a 30-story tower in 15 days in 2011 , and a 15-story hotel within six days a year earlier . VIDEO : See a hotel built in six days Zhi Yin , head of Beijing Tsinghua Urban Planning Academy , told Xinhua , China 's government-sanctioned media body , that Sky City would be "  either a marvel or a hoax . " According to Yin , Broad Group 's Sky City is an experiment , he claims , that still needs a practical test . Yin Lu , an architect from Baojia Group , expressed concerns to Xinhua about subsidence when the building gets higher . Broad Group emphasized that relevant authorities have approved the building as safe . Super-fast construction method The construction technique is simple , according to the company . Some 20,000 workers in BSB 's offsite factory produce thousands of prefabricated steel-and-concrete blocks , 60 square meters in size , over four months . These blocks are transported to the location , hoisted and packed into position to make up the final structure over two months , at a rate of three stories a day . Another four months are needed to complete the internal construction . Broad Group has applied this method to more than 30 of their buildings . There remains a certain amount of skepticism about the feasibility of the project from Chinese public and experts . The world should know the truth early next year .	Sky City broke ground July 20 , will top out in April 2014 838-meter tower will house 30,000 residents , a hospital , school and shopping mall China to contain most and highest skyscrapers in coming years
CNN  -- Last February , tens of thousands of moviegoers stormed cinemas around the United States to watch "  Chronicle , " turning the superhero thriller into a surprise hit that topped the U.S. box office on Super Bowl weekend . The film , which follows the adventures of three American teenage boys who acquire superpowers , made $ 22 million that weekend alone -- traditionally considered one of the slowest weekends for the U.S. movie industry . Although set in Seattle , "  Chronicle 's " producers decided to shoot in South Africa , lured by the country 's low production costs and growing reputation as an attractive destination for international filmmaking . The move paid off as the film , with production costs of just $ 12 million , turned out to be a big winner for 20th Century Fox . "  Chronicle " exceeded industry expectations by piling up an impressive $ 126 million in global cinema ticket sales , according to Box Office Mojo . "  Fox was totally stunned by it , " says Nico Dekker , chief executive of Cape Town Film Studios , the South African facility where "  Chronicle " was primarily shot . "  The $ 12 million film is looking like a $ 30 million or a $ 40 million film on the screen , " he adds . Watch video : Cape Town takes on Hollywood Over the years , South Africa 's varied landscapes have been a favorite set location for Hollywood productions . Worldwide hits shot at least partly in the country include "  Blood Diamond , " starring Leonardo DiCaprio , "  Lord of War , " featuring Nicolas Cage , and "  Invictus , " Clint Eastwood 's take on South Africa 's victory at the 1995 Rugby World Cup . Read : 3D animation puts South Africa film in the picture But while the country 's stunning beaches , jagged mountains and lush vineyards have long served as a backdrop for films , as well as TV adverts , Cape Town Film Studios is now aiming to make South Africa a major destination for both location filming and top-quality studio productions . The multi-million dollar complex , the first of its kind in South Africa , boasts four soundstages , several offices , a cinema , as well as pre - and post-production services . Less than two years after it first began operations , the vast studios have already attracted an impressive roster of blockbuster films . Apart from "  Chronicle " they were used for action movie "  Safe House , " starring Denzel Washington and Ryan Reynolds , the 3D comic-book adventure "  Dredd , " and TV drama "  Mary and Martha , " starring Hilary Swank . Dekker says the studios are a huge step for South Africa 's movie industry and will help the country to build its reputation as an emerging force in global filmmaking . "  It creates a home , a base , where national and international filmmakers can meet , " says Dekker , "  Where you can bring the latest technology together ; where you can bring films like ` Dredd , ' which was our first film of 3D transfer movies -- so you can now suddenly shoot stuff that we can only dream from . " Read : Gangster movie Kenya 's first Oscar contender In a country like South Africa , hit by massive unemployment and sluggish economic growth , a thriving film industry could hold a tremendous economic opportunity . Earlier this year , the South African government recognized this potential by announcing a series of incentives aimed at attracting large-budget productions to help create jobs , generate revenues and encourage tourism . The measures included an uncapped 20 % rebate for foreign productions shot on location in South Africa , as well as a 22.5 % break if they are also post-produced in the country . Michael Auret , managing director of South African production firm Spier Films , says the incentives have already made a big difference . "  We already have three productions for January -- up from maybe one or two productions a year the previous years -- and we 've got more lined up , " he says . "  All the production companies in South Africa have experienced an increase in films that they are doing and television programs but also increased inquiries from people who want to come and shoot here . " Auret cites the weakness of the rand against the dollar , the low cost of crews compared to other popular shooting destinations such as Australia , and the diversity of locations as South Africa 's competitive advantages . "  We have both summer and winter rain in two different parts of the country , " he explains . "  You can shoot the Mediterranean climate around Cape Town and you can shoot the tropical climate in Johannesburg -- it 's desert , as well as jungles , as well as beaches , it 's urban centers where they shot ` Dredd . ' "  So there 's very few films that ca n't be made here -- other than possibly a film shot completely in snow , in the Arctic or something . " Read : The film school in Kenya 's biggest slum Cape Town Film Studios , which is backed by national and local government as well as private shareholders , has also been chosen for the movie "  Long Walk to Freedom , " the long-awaited biopic of former South African leader Nelson Mandela . The film , which is expected to be released next year starring Idris Elba , is South Africa 's biggest-budgeted film , says Dekker . This is , he says , a testament that the studios can help boost local productions and enable Africans to start telling their stories to the world . "  We , ourselves , Africans , we need to almost free ourselves , " says Dekker . "  We need to grow and to understand that the world out there is waiting for us . We 've got everything now -- we 've got great crews , good stories , we 've got a great studio . "  We just need now to start making commercial film ... the ` Chronicles ' of the world , ourselves -- that is maybe the next frontier for us . "	Cape Town Film Studios has lured some of Hollywood 's biggest names to South Africa Movies shot there include "  Chronicle , " "  Dredd " and "  Safe House " Government offers incentives to foreign movie makers
CNN  -- Brazil 's Catholic Church is the latest to publicly oppose a controversial revamping of the country 's "  Forest Code , " which activists say would cause an environmental disaster . The bill , which was approved by the Brazilian Chamber of Deputies and is now before the Senate , would rewrite some of the rules regarding protected areas , grant amnesty to illegal deforestation that occurred before July 2008 , and give states greater control over preservation management . Supporters say that the bill will help landowners , especially small ones -- a large number of whom currently violate existing conservation laws . By changing the way that land set aside for preservation is calculated , it would help many get back within the law . But opponents say easing deforestation laws will give a greenlight to developers and loggers to fell more of the Amazon Rainforest . On Friday , Brazil 's Catholic Church announced that it would count on its 12,000 parishes to circulate a petition against the reforms , the state-run Agencia Brasil news agency reported . "  Our main concern is the impact and consequences of a law of this size on people 's lives and the environment , " the church said in a statement . "  We urge our communities to participate in the process of reform of the Forest Code , mobilizing social forces and promoting a petition against the devastation , " the statement said . Last year , the church was able to collect more than 1 million signatures on a petition regarding another piece of legislation , Agencia Brasil reported . Once again , the church said it 's goal with the Forest Code petition is to foment public discussion on the proposed bill .	The Senate is considering changes to the country 's Forest Code The church will start a petition among its 12,000 parishes Environmentalists fear that the changes will lead to rainforest devastation
Rolling Stone  -- Walking into Cleveland , Ohio 's Public Auditorium for the 27th annual Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony last night , it was hard to not think of the Titanic striking an iceberg on the very same day 100 years ago . In recent days Axl Rose and Rod Stewart , two of the biggest stars entering the Hall of Fame this year , pulled out of the show , making complete reunion performances by the Faces and Guns N ' Roses impossible . Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist John Frusciante opted not to come , and the Beastie Boys ' Adam Yauch stayed home as he continues to recover from cancer . One might think that these absences would sink the induction ceremony somewhere deep into the Atlantic Ocean , but it turns out they did n't matter much at all . In fact , it was one of the best Hall of Fame induction ceremonies in recent memory . "  I do n't know that it matters who 's here tonight , because it 's about the music that these bands played , " Guns N ' Roses bassist Duff McKagan said during his induction speech . Minutes after making that point , McKagan walked over across to the stage to play an explosive three-song set of Guns N ' Roses songs with Slash , guitarist Gilby Clarke , Alter Bridge singer Myles Kennedy and drummers Matt Sorum and Steven Adler . Fans were screaming out "  F *** Axl " through much of the night , but the moment the group launched into "  Mr. Brownstone , " Rose and Izzy Stradlin 's decision to not attend the ceremony was completely forgotten , and this previously unassembled lineup of the band proved they could revive the spirit of GNR on their own . Adler was grinning from ear-to-ear during a note-perfect "  Sweet Child O ' Mine , " and the finale of "  Paradise City " had nearly every single person in the audience screaming at the top of their lungs . A powerful singer , Kennedy hit every Axl-patented banshee wail perfectly . The Faces also soldiered on without their lead singer , recruiting Simply Red 's Mick Hucknall to fill his slot . He 's done a bunch of shows with the group over the past few years , and he sounds exactly like early 1970s-era Rod Stewart . "  Ooh La La " was a lot of fun , but they absolutely destroyed with "  Stay With Me . " Ron Wood played guitar with fiery passion , almost like he was trying to prove to Mick and Keith that he 's in fighting shape for a Rolling Stones tour . Ian McLagan demonstrated that he 's still one of the greatest keyboardists in rock and roll , and drummer Kenny Jones still has the chops that got him Keith Moon 's old job in the late 1970s . Here 's hoping that one day Rod comes to his senses and agrees to a tour with these guys . The Beastie Boys had no intention of performing without Adam Yauch , so the Roots were joined by Kid Rock and Travie McCoy of Gym Class Heroes for an incredible medley of Beastie classics , including "  Sabotage " and "  So What ` cha Want . " Rock , Black Thought and McCoy all wore matching green Adidas track suits , and they did a great job of channeling the energy and spirit of the groundbreaking trio . The evening kicked off with a surprise performance by Green Day , who did a bombastic rendition of the American Idiot deep cut "  Letterbomb . " Few in the audience seemed to know the song , but Billie Joe Armstrong worked the large room like a pro and got everyone pumped for the long night of music and speeches ahead of them . Per tradition , Rock and Roll Hall of Fame co-founder Jann Wenner addressed the crowd early on . "  I believe in the magic of rock and roll , " he said . "  That magic can set you free . Ladies and gentlemen , tonight you 've entered a place where magic happens . " Billy Gibbons and Dusty Hill of ZZ Top delivered the first induction speech of the evening , honoring the late blues guitarist Freddie King . King 's daughter , Wanda , spoke warmly about her father . "  He inspired so many young blues artists , " she said . "  I remember going to a show when I was 14 and meeting Stevie Ray Vaughan for the first time . He said to my dad , ` How can I play the blues like you ? ' My dad said , ` If you do n't feel the blues , you 'll never play the blues . ' " After a smoking blues guitar battle by Gibbons , Joe Bonamassa and Derek Trucks on King songs "  Hideaway " and "  Going Down , " John Mellencamp came onstage to induct Donovan . "  He was my inspiration , " Mellencamp said . "  I would n't just listen to Donovan . I would live Donovan , which means I was stealing all my s *** from Donovan . Other artists -- and you know who you guys are -- called that being inspired . " Donovan read a short poem , then played "  Catch the Wind " and "  Sunshine Superman " before duetting with Mellencamp on "  Season of the Witch . " Bette Midler broke down into tears near the end of her speech about Laura Nyro , who died of ovarian cancer in 1997 . "  In a world full of imitators saying ` fake it till you make it , ' she was a complete original , " said Midler . "  She was in a league all her own . When you put her records on , you 'd think they were made yesterday . She embodies what we all want to be , if only we had the guts ... She was an ornament on the Earth . Everyone is so gratified to see this day finally come around at last . " Sara Bareilles then honored Nyro with a gorgeous take on "  Stoney End " on the piano . Many non-performers were honored during the ceremony . Carole King inducted Don Kirshner , who was her boss and mentor during her days as a Brill Building songwriter in the late 1950s and early 1960s . Darlene Love honored the late record executive with an extremely powerful version of "  Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow , " which she sang with Paul Shaffer and the CBS Orchestra . Later in the evening , Robbie Robertson presented the Award For Musical Excellence to Cosimo Matassa , Glyn Jones and Tom Dowd . In the middle of the evening , the Hall of Fame made up for some past oversights by having Smokey Robinson induct the Blue Caps  who backed Gene Vincent  , the Comets  Bill Haley  , the Crickets  Buddy Holly  , the Famous Flames  James Brown  , the Midnighters  Hank Ballard  and the Miracles , who backed Robinson for the first two decades of his career . The surviving members of all six groups took the stage together , and it was very moving to see these largely overlooked musicians finally getting the credit they deserved for their huge role in rock history . Public Enemy frontman Chuck D and LL Cool J teamed up to induct the Beastie Boys . "  They still are one of the greatest live acts in music , " said Chuck D. "  They challenged the conventions in the music business and made up their own rules about what it means to be world class hip-hop cats ... They always insisted  on  maturing as musicians and human beings . " LL Cool J said that he owes his entire career to the Beasties . "  I would n't be here today without them , " he said . "  The Beastie Boys actually played my demo for Rick Rubin in his NYU dorm room . A lot of people do n't know that . " Adam Horowitz read the audience a letter from Yauch . "  I 'd like to dedicate this to my brothers Adam and Mike , " he wrote . "  They walked the globe with me . It 's also for anyone who has ever been touched by our band . This induction is as much ours as it is yours . " Green Day initially seemed like a slightly odd choice to induct Guns N ' Roses , but Billie Joe Armstong spoke extremely eloquently about group . " ` Appetite For Destruction ' is the greatest debut album of all time , " he said . "  Every song hits hard on all emotion levels and takes you on a journey through the seedy underworld of Los Angeles in brutal sequence ... The thing that set them apart from everybody else was guts , heart and soul . Most important , they told the truth . " Not a single member of Guns N ' Roses mentioned Axl Rose by name in their speech . Matt Sorum gently teased Steven Adler for somehow managing to get fired from Guns N ' Roses for a drug addiction , and Adler gave a surprisingly brief speech that culminated with him quoting "  We Are the Champions " by Queen . Slash admitted that all the drama building up to the ceremony almost caused him to bail , but his wife ultimately talked him into attending . Keyboardist Dizzy Reed and guitarist Izzy Stradlin opted not to come . It was about 12:30 a.m. when Chris Rock stepped up to the podium to induct the Red Hot Chili Peppers . "  A lot of people are upset that Axl did n't come tonight , " he said . "  But let 's face it . Even if he was coming tonight , he would n't be here by now . Where the f *** is Axl ? " He went on to explain that he first saw the Red Hot Chili Peppers when he tried to see Grandmaster Flash in Philadelphia , but walked into the wrong club . "  My friends and I were like , ` What the f *** is this s *** ? There 's a lot of white people in here , ' " Rock said . "  They came out and I could n't understand a f ****** word they said , and they had socks on their d **** ! I had never been to a white show before , so I thought all white groups put socks on their d **** . Years later , they 're one of the biggest groups in the world and getting inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . They have black ties on their d **** tonight . " John Frusciante may have stayed home , but former drummers Jack Irons and Cliff Martinez were in the house . At 1:00 a.m. , the group  with three drummers  did a three-song set of "  By the Way , " "  The Adventures of Rain Dance Maggie " and "  Give It Away . " "  I have n't played with Cliff in 25 years ! " Flea said to the crowd . "  He 's a beautiful man . " At the end of "  Give It Away , " Anthony Kiedis invited everyone back to the stage . Slash , Ron Wood , Billie Joe Armstrong , Kenny Jones and even audience member George Clinton crammed onstage for a euphoric finale of Stevie Wonder 's "  Higher Ground . " In typical Hall of Fame fashion , the jam was completely chaotic , but everyone in the house seemed to be having a great time . The five-and-a-half hour show wrapped up at 1:30 a.m. , and as the crowd poured onto the Cleveland streets in search of their cars or an after party , not a single person was talking about Axl Rose . It turns out they did n't even need him . See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Duff McKagan played an explosive three-song set of Guns N ' Roses songs with Slash The Beastie Boys had no intention of performing without Adam Yauch Red Hot Chili Peppers did a three-song set of "  By the Way , " "  The Adventures of Rain Dance Maggie " and "  Give It Away "
Behind a Victorian shop front in the Cockney heartland of London 's East End hides an urban agriculture initiative that claims to be the world 's first farm in a shop . The aptly-named FARM : shop sits along a busy main road next to a ragtag bunch of more conventional retail outlets , most of which are in various phases of decay . There are chickens grazing on the rooftop -- seemingly oblivious to the red double decker buses roaring past below . Inside are fish tanks filled with Tilapia ; mushrooms sprouting in the basement ; fruit blooming in a polytunnel greenhouse ; and endless rows of herbs and salad leaves growing from the hydroponic troughs that line the shelves . "  I think places like FARM : shop can reconnect people with their food , " says engineer and co-founder Paul Smyth . "  We 've had this separation of countryside and city living ... So the connection has been severed between what you eat and how it 's grown . " While the ethos is community focused , the shop 's interior is more like a laboratory than a local gardening center . White low-energy strip lights facilitate the growth of vegetables in lieu of sun rays , and the cabbage patch looks more like a cluster of giant Petri dishes than an allotment . "  We 've been learning as we go with most of this technology , " admits Smyth . That said , the shop -- which opened in 2011 -- is already a modest commercial success . Having diversified into a grocery store , cafe , rentable office and events space , it now employs two staff and is turning a profit -- all of which is ploughed back into the business . "  We 've experienced a great amount of goodwill and enthusiasm about the project . People just want to come off the street , learn how to raise a fish ; look after a chicken ; grow some food -- and that means you get a more people-powered agriculture , " says Smyth . Infographic : The secret life of drinking water While few would contest the rehabilitative social value of projects like FARM : shop , its founders argue it could be the start of something much more : A radical new approach to ecologically sustainable agriculture . "  If you 're growing food directly where it 's eaten , there 's less refrigeration ... less energy use through transport and distribution , " claims Smyth . He says FARM : shop could be scaled up and replicated in cities around the world to help reduce the enormous carbon emissions linked to food production . It 's a pressing issue . According to a 2008 Greenpeace report , the food industry is responsible for creating 30 % of the world 's total annual carbon emissions . "  The dominant food production system is based on fossil fuel at every level , " says Dr Martin Caraher , Professor of Food and Health Policy at London 's City University . "  It needs oil to make the fertilizer ; oil for the farm ; oil for the food processing ; oil for the packaging and oil to transport it to the shops , " he adds . Among these stages , transport , processing and packaging account for the lion 's share of pollutants . The U.N. Conference on Trade and Development  UNCTAD  estimates that between 65 % to 85 % of food-related emissions in the Western hemisphere is created once produce has left the farm . "  This is why these type of projects are much more than feel-good gimmicks , they are absolutely vital as part of a diverse array of sustainable agriculture systems that we must pursue further , " says Olivier de Schutter , the U.N. 's special rapporteur on the right to food . For De Schutter , the fact that food is often produced thousands of miles away from where most people live represents an irrational system , both from an ecologic and economic perspective . "  Rising fuel prices and the increasing concentration of the population in urban areas is bringing about serious logistical problems for the delivery of food , " he says . "  Traffic congestion , high refrigeration costs and , after all that , poor quality produce . " Food destined for the UK alone travels 30 billion kilometers a year -- adding 19 million tonnes of CO2 to the atmosphere -- according to international development agency Practical Action . It 's also easy to overlook the damage inflicted on local ecosystems and economies -- a large portion of which are in the developing world -- as a consequence of current industrial-scale agriculture practices . "  The system is not working , " says Florence Egal , chairman of the Food for Cities network . "  Big agribusiness disrupts natural resource management with its demand for monoculture crops , synthetic packaging and habitat contamination from factory waste . " Read related : Farm in the city could be supermarket of the future Both Egal and de Schutter agree that , even on a vastly escalated scale , initiatives like FARM : shop are unlikely to resolve the food sustainability issue by themselves . "  Right now , no-one is saying you 're going to feed nine billion people like this , " says Egal . "  But agriculture reform is an incremental process requiring many solutions -- and growing perishable , fresh produce near to where it 's consumed seems like one very sensible step . " Back in east London , Smyth is optimistic about the future . "  FARM : shop itself is experimental , it will always be our laboratory at the heart of our ideas . But going forward we 'll be looking at bigger sites , scaling up , growing more food and selling more food together -- and if we get those kind of sites we 're really confident we can roll this out and make a real lasting difference . "	London urban farming project claims to be world 's first ever farm in a shop All produce , including fish , eggs , vegetables , herbs and salad , grown under one roof Food analysts say urban farming key cog in sustainable agriculture practices
CNN  -- When Babatunde Osotimehin last year became the head of the United Nations Population Fund  UNFPA  -- the international development agency promoting female rights -- the news did n't go down too well with many women working in the field . After his appointment Osotimehin was told that some female ambassadors at the U.N. were upset that a man had been made head of the agency . But he was determined to put their minds at ease . "  We had lunch with them -LSB- female ambassadors -RSB- and they asked me , ` so , justify this position , ' " remembers Osotimehin . "  I spoke and after that they stood and said ` OK , we 're satisfied with that , from today you are an honorary woman . ' I carry that title well . " Read : Too many mothers still dying A tireless advocate of female rights , Osotimehin has had a long career caring for women . He qualified as a doctor in 1972 and went on to teach at the University of Ibadan , in his native Nigeria , before heading Nigeria 's National Agency for the Control of AIDS and becoming the country 's health minister . Today , as executive director of the UNFPA , Osotimehin , who is also the U.N. 's under-secretary general , is focused on gender equality and reducing poverty , helping hundreds of millions in developing countries . Some 20 months into his new role , Osotimehin says he wants the agency to reach as many women and girls around the world as possible , improving their access to reproductive and educational services . "  There are an estimate of 222 million women in the developing world who are in union , who want family planning and they are not getting it , " he says , citing a shortage of funding and cultural obstacles among the reasons for the lack of universal access to reproductive services . According to a UNFPA report released last week , meeting the family planning needs of those 222 million women would have resulted in 26 million fewer abortions in the developing world this year . Osotimehin speaks passionately to world leaders about the agency 's concerns and works closely with women around the world to make sure they have choices and know their rights . "  I think it 's a job that actually was made for me and I say that with all sense of responsibility , " explains Osotimehin . "  The natural thing to do was now to do something that actually gives me a global sense , given all the experience I have and the natural work that I 'd been able to establish . "  And I think linking back to what I did , practicing or as a minister of the HIV field , it was all about reproductive health to reproductive rights , gender , women 's health and I think it just all fits . " But above all , Osotimehin , a father of five , says what needs to be changed is the status of women around the world . "  I think that for me is where the problem really is -- how we value women and girls in our societies , " he says . "  I think that we need to do far more than just legislation or policies , we need to confront these issues to make a difference . " Watch video : Osotimehin : a global voice for women Osotimehin credits his mother for imparting the value of equality to him and shaping his views from an an early age . He says : "  My mother was an entrepreneur , a mother , a wife , a community leader and she was very strong but she believed in equity of social justice , so I saw her as a role model . " Osotimehin adds that whether it 's though his current work at the UNFPA or any other posts in the future , he will always fight for women 's empowerment . "  I truly believe that women will change the world , " he says . "  I say that with all seriousness -- as a teacher in a medical school , my best students were women . "  As physicians they are the best and , really , when you look at different aspects of life , even peace-building , women they build better peace . So , let 's give them a chance . "	Babatunde Osotimehin is the executive director of U.N. Population Fund The international development agency promotes health and equal opportunity Osotimehin wants more women to have access to reproductive health services
CNN  -- Forty-eight new cases of an intestinal infection caused by ingesting food or water contaminated with feces have been reported in Texas this past week alone , officials said Thursday . Most reports come from the Dallas/Fort Worth area . The source of the illness is unknown . In the past , imported fresh produce led to outbreaks of cyclospora infection in the United States . The Texas Department of State Health Services has not confirmed whether the latest reports are produce-related . "  DCHHS is continuing to investigate the possible food sources of contamination and who may have been exposed to them , " Zachary Thompson , the department 's director said in a statement . The outbreak may be related to cyclospora reports in Iowa and Nebraska , according to the department 's press release . On Tuesday , officials issued a health advisory warning residents of the infection . In 2012 , 44 cases of the infection were reported in Texas . Another 14 cases were reported the year before . Symptoms include watery diarrhea , loss of appetite and nausea . The infection is not highly contagious because it must pass in bowel movements before it can spread to others , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . People in tropical regions are at an increased risk of getting the infection . Medication is available for people who contract the infection . Those with weaker immune systems may require longer forms of treatment . "  To decrease the risk of eating fresh produce it is important to thoroughly rinse your fruits and vegetables several times , " said Dr. Christopher Perkins , the Texas department 's medical director said in a statement . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Almost 50 new cases of cyclospora infection reported in Texas Illness is caused by ingesting food or water contaminated with feces The source of the infection is unknown
CNN  -- Widely considered Japan 's cultural capital , Kyoto is one of the country 's top travel destinations among domestic and , increasingly , international tourists . Drawing 50 million visitors a year , it 's the place to learn to whip up a cup of matcha green tea , admire the craftsmanship of a geisha 's kimono and study the art of the zen garden in an ancient temple before sitting down for a $ 500 kaiseki  Japanese haute cuisine  dinner . Readers of "  Travel + Leisure " magazine even voted it world 's best city this year , citing its "  emerging style scene that 's cutting edge . " Yet despite Kyoto 's obvious allure , until earlier this year there was one glaring absence from the city 's travel scene -- a top tier , super-luxury hotel brand . Ritz-Carlton ended that drought in February with the opening of its fourth Japan property , located close to popular downtown areas like Gion and Kawaramachi-dori , the city 's retail and entertainment district . "  It is actually quite odd that there have not been international ultra-luxe hotel brands in Kyoto until recently , considering the fact that Kyoto is an extremely popular tourist destination , " says Catherine Heald , CEO of luxury travel planner Remote Lands . "  Kyoto 's Hyatt Regency is very nice and it has sufficed , but it is not a Park Hyatt which is more in line with Ritz-Carlton and Four Seasons . The most sumptuous accommodations to date have actually been Hoshinoya -LSB- by Japanese brand Hoshino Resorts -RSB- , which is what I call a Japanese hybrid ryokan  a cross between a ryokan and a hotel  , very little known outside Japan . " The decision to open in Kyoto was a matter of catering to demand , says Ritz-Carlton , Kyoto general manager Yuji Tanaka . "  The Ritz-Carlton is constantly listening to its loyal guests and a constant theme for us is to build hotels where our guests want us to be and Kyoto was high on the list , " he says . "  Bringing the brand to Kyoto is a major milestone -- a global iconic city , a window to Japan while being sensitive to centuries of tradition . We were fortunate to be able to work with like-minded partners in a rare location . " Billing itself a modern international luxury ryokan , the property has 134 rooms and suites and faces the Kamogawa River and the Higashiyama Mountains in the distance . What 's inside It 's difficult not to dismiss the "  luxury ryokan " term as marketing fluff . A ryoken is , after all , a basic Japanese inn and the Ritz-Carlton brand hardly conjures images of elderly kimono-clad women bringing you a pot of green tea once you awake from a night on a futon . But during a recent visit we found there 's some merit to the claim , given the intense attention to detail and subtle touches , like tatami suites , where guests can enjoy a classic futon experience -- albeit while covered in 600-thread-count linens . The architects and designers infused the character of a traditional Meiji house and courtyard into the architectural structure of the building , while blending in modern design elements . This includes the use of patterned motifs created by local artists and the incorporation of zen gardens  karesansui  and water features , such as a stunning three-story waterfall positioned in the heart of the hotel that stretches down to the basement swimming pool . "  Each Ritz-Carlton is designed with a strong sense of place , " says Tanaka . "  This property carries the heart and soul of Ritz-Carlton service while staying true to the community in which it is located . The Ritz-Carlton , Kyoto was designed very much as a peaceful sanctuary and with the principles of miyabi -- or Japanese aesthetic concepts -- in mind . " The hotel 's Mizuki Japanese restaurant is already gaining a reputation among locals for its incredible kaiseki expertise -- the world 's most beautiful multi-course feast -- and also serves sushi , teppanyaki and tempura . Even the Italian restaurant pays respect to Japan 's history . Inside the beautifully decorated venue they 've reassembled a townhouse once owned by Kyoto magnate Denzaburi Fujitia and turned it into a private dining room . More luxury on the way Though big brands are notably absent , luxury seekers in Kyoto have hardly been neglected through the years . There are a handful of top-end ryokans , but they fill quickly during popular travel times -- particularly cherry blossom season in spring and the changing of the leaves in fall . Tawaraya , for instance , has been described as the top ryokan in not just Kyoto , but all of Japan . "  Most of our clients do two-week trips to Japan including three nights each in Tokyo and Kyoto , plus three or four other destinations , " says Remove Land 's Catherine Heald . "  They typically want a mix of hotels and ryokans -- and I strongly urge all clients to do at least one ryokan . "  Traditional ryokans include elaborate 12-plus-course kaiseki dinners every night , which are absolutely heavenly in my opinion , but they can be over the top for many Western travelers to have every single night , so it is nice to have variety and a mix of cuisines . " The arrival of a branded super-luxury hotel is welcome news for high-end travelers who want the full amenities and service that come with a global brand -- or ca n't live without their bacon and egg breakfast -- yet also want to experience the finer details of Japanese culture . The Ritz-Carlton Kyoto is n't alone in recognizing this . Competition is on the way , with the Four Seasons due to arrive in 2016 . "  I think travel to Kyoto will inevitably increase with two new five-star world-class brands , " says Heald . "  In the past it has been very difficult to get rooms in springtime during cherry blossom season , so that situation should change a lot with hundreds of new rooms available . " Ritz-Carlton , Kyoto , Kamogawa Nijo-Ohashi Hotori , Nakagyo-ku , Kyoto , Japan ; +81 75 746 5555 ; rooms from 53,000 yen  $ 510 CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Kyoto is one of Japan 's top travel destinations , yet branded hotels are few Ritz-Carlton , Kyoto is the luxury brand 's fourth Japan hotel Four Seasons Kyoto due to open in 2016 "  Travel will inevitably increase with two new five-star world-class brands , " says luxury travel CEO
PARIS , France  CNN  -- A gunman holed up across the street from a French nursery school opened fire Friday on mothers and nannies entering the building to pick up children for lunch , slightly injuring eight adults , police said . French police at the Lyon nursery school Friday . Two of the injured were taken to a hospital . No children were harmed , said officials from the Ecole Maternelle , located in Lyon in southeastern France . Police said the shooter , who remained at large , used an air rifle . The school was closed and a security cordon set up around it and other schools in the district , police said . In an interview with the French radio network RTL , Lyon Mayor Thierre Philip expressed doubt that the school was the gunman 's real target . "  It was pedestrians , especially mothers or nannies who came to pick up the children , who were hurt , " he said . CNN 's Sujatha Samy contributed to this report .	Eight injured by gunman who opens fire at nursery school in Lyon , France Police said the shooter used an air rifle and was not captured Security cordon set up around area schools Mayor says he thinks pedestrians rather than the school were gunman 's target
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- "  I like L.A. , but there sure are a lot of ugly bastards running around here , " says James Hunter , with a set of grotesque joke teeth in his mouth -- and tongue firmly in cheek . James Hunter has received raves for his recordings , but has yet to break through to big-time success . Midway through a lengthy tour , it 's nice to know his sense of humor is intact . The boyish 46-year-old British retro-R & B singer is in a dressing room at the Sunset Strip 's House of Blues , sitting in a throne-like chair festooned with Mexican Day of the Dead skulls . It 's oddly fitting . Like that festival , Hunter is remembering -- through his music -- those who are no longer with us . His classic soul-inspired sound and concert style harkens back to the golden days of R&B and the men who practiced it : Jackie Wilson , Sam Cooke and guitarist Lowman Pauling , among others . "  I think I probably stole a couple of tricks from people who were already dead by the time I started , " he replies , when asked about his stage moves . Indeed , an hour later he 's on stage and it 's clear that if you put him in the "  Back to the Future " DeLorean , traveled back to 1955 and dropped him off with Marvin Berry 's band at the "  Enchantment Under the Sea " dance , he 'd be right at home . Watch Hunter perform for a sound check " That authentic old-school sound has made him a cult favorite among jazz and blues aficionados . His first two albums -- 2006 's "  People Gon na Talk " and last year 's "  The Hard Way " -- were acclaimed by critics and the cognoscenti , with the Boston Globe calling "  The Hard Way " "  one of the year 's smoothest and best discs . " He 's also earned praise as a dazzling live performer , one who is known for guitar acrobatics performed with a smile . But he has yet to achieve the mainstream success of British retro-soul contemporaries Amy Winehouse , Duffy and Adele . Could it be because they 've found a way to blend contemporary lyrics with an older sound ? Hunter acknowledges he does n't do enough of that in his own music : "  I think that 's my downfall , to be honest . I think they picked up on a trick that I 'm trying , that I 've mastered . I mean , I think they 're as much immersed in contemporary stuff as the old days . I think that 's pretty cool . I 'm trying to do that . "  Stylistically , I 'm more embedded , not in tradition -- I mean I 'm not into genres -- but styles , you know , " he continues . "  The sound of things . I 've got my preference in the sound and stuff . But , you know , I think I can afford to go their way a little bit , not because it 's successful , but because it works . " Interestingly , few American acts have embraced the retro-soul sound with the fervor of their British counterparts . Hunter has his theories on why that 's the case . "  It could be because you guys invented it , you know . I think it 's possible , " he says . "  I 'm not sure these days , but initially you had the Stones and people like that , even the Beatles who were much more in awe in this American music than Americans were . It all tends to be on your doorstep and you tend to be more cavalier to the stuff that 's already there . It 's like the thing when John Lennon told the reporters that he wanted to see Muddy Waters and they said , ` Where 's that ? ' " But despite the love he has for the music of the classic soul era , Hunter understands that going forward , a healthy irreverence is what will keep it fresh for audiences -- and himself . "  I think the downfall of any type of music is to treat it with too much reverence , because the people at the time were n't treating it with reverence and they were sort of bashing it out , that was the beauty of it , the spontaneity , " he says . "  But , when people are trying to preserve stuff -- you 've got to be loyal to this or that kind of music -- that 's so much nonsense . "	James Hunter known for old-school R&B recordings British guitarist has earned raves , but still no big-time success Hunter admits that he 's trying to combine contemporary lyrics with old sound
Mexico City  CNN  -- A Mexican mayor campaigning for the president 's sister in a gubernatorial race was fatally shot in the southeastern state of Michoacan , the state attorney general 's office said . The killing of La Piedad Mayor Ricardo Guzman Romero on Wednesday is the latest in a number of mayoral killings dating to last year . According to CNNMexico , 18 mayors have been killed in 2010 and 2011 . But Guzman 's death garnered extra attention because he was killed in President Felipe Calderon 's home state , and because he was campaigning for the president 's sister , gubernatorial candidate Luisa Maria Calderon . She is running as a candidate for the National Action Party , or PAN , the same party to which the president belongs . The attack came just 11 days before the state elections , where in addition to a governor , 40 lawmakers and 113 mayors will be chosen . Guzman was elected mayor in 2008 , and his term was to end in January . "  At the moment , the federal authorities and military are in charge  of the case  , " Michoacan attorney general 's office spokesman Armando Soto La Marina said . According to authorities , Guzman was participating in a campaign event , walking down one of his town 's boulevards , when a black vehicle approached and a gunman shot from inside . The shooter escaped , and the mayor was taken to a hospital , where he died , authorities said . Luisa Maria Calderon said she was saddened by the killing , but that "  we 're not going to stop our fight for Michoacan . " Michoacan has long been a center of drug cartel violence . It was where President Calderon initiated his campaign against the cartels in 2006 . Last year , the PAN and an allied party declined to run candidates in at least 20 mayoral races in Michoacan because of insecurity .	Ricardo Guzman Romero was killed on Wednesday He was campaigning for the president 's sister in a race for governor Eighteen mayors have been killed since 2010
San Diego , Calif.  CNN  -- Twenty years ago , an editor at the Los Angeles Times told me the newspaper had changed the way it reported on Mexico . "  Now we cover it as a local story , " he said . Why not ? There are more Mexicans living in Los Angeles than in any other city in the world except for Mexico City . From one end of the Golden State to another , Hispanics are a natural part of the cultural landscape . Mexican restaurants that are anything but exceptional do n't stay open long because the competition is too stiff . Cities , counties , streets and subdivisions are named after Catholic saints . You hear Spanish in the air , and no longer question why that is . Most weekends , in many cities , there is a Mexican-style festival with food and music . Mariachis and margaritas are always on the menu . Supermarket clerks , bank tellers and restaurant cashiers greet me by rolling the "  r 's " in my last name : Navarrrrrette . Welcome to California , which will soon achieve a milestone of sorts . If state demographers are correct , in the nation 's most populous state , which is home to more than 1 in 10 Americans , Hispanics will soon overtake whites to become the state 's largest racial/ethnic group . Demographers predict that sometime this spring in California , Hispanics will make up 39 % of the population while non-Hispanic whites will account for 38.8 % . It 's a nativist nightmare . For those Californians who worry about the phenomenon that sociologists call "  cultural displacement , " those feelings of being marginalized and left behind will only intensify . So will the sense of irony . A state that was once controlled by Mexico , before Manifest Destiny came along and ordained that God wanted white folks from Kansas and Missouri to have it , is now heavily populated by the runaway children of Mexico and their offspring . An enormous swath of oceanfront property has been reclaimed without a formal declaration of war . Forget what you 've heard about a reconquista : the fabled reconquering of the Southwest by Mexican-Americans on behalf of Mexico . That 's loco . Most Mexican-Americans are barely on speaking terms with Mexico . We  I am among them  understand that our neighbor had no room in its economy for our dark-skinned , uneducated parents and grandparents , who were forced to go north . Now , most of us reciprocate and have little room in our hearts for Mexico . Our loyalty is to the United States . Even if we were speaking to our Mexican brethren , we 'd be conversing in different languages . Most Mexicans speak Spanish , and about 80 % of U.S. Latinos speak English . Americans need to study up on this group . The Census Bureau estimates that Hispanics , whose heritage can be traced to more than a dozen countries and who make up 17 % of the U.S. population , will account for as much as 29 % by 2050 . And while some Americans might like to believe that these figures are artificially high due to undocumented immigrants , these are U.S. citizens and legal residents we 're talking about . These are just , as comedian George Lopez likes to say , the people who answer the door when the bell rings . About 70 % of this population will be Mexican or Mexican-American . And when we arrive at the point where nearly 3 in 10 Americans are Hispanic , Hispanics will see our imprint just about everywhere -- food , language , sports , fashion , entertainment , business , pop culture and beyond . So what does it mean that California has gone back to its roots and become what it was before 1850 : a Hispanic state ? On the one hand , there is always the chance that , in a state such as California , this could be a kind of psychological tipping point where even the densest folks in commerce , media , academia and other fields finally get the message that Hispanics are an essential and productive part of the state 's economic engine . In the Golden State , whatever business you 're in , and whatever goal you 're pursuing , if you 're not incorporating Hispanics into your vision and onto your team , then you 're leaving money on the table for your competition . On the other hand , those folks who worry about change might become even more fearful and hostile -- for it is fear that drives the immigration debate . Americans did n't just wake up one morning and discover the concept of "  rule of law " and that the United States shared a border with Mexico . Those things have been around for quite a while . What 's new is the demographics . As soon as many non-Hispanics began to see this writing on the wall , they started building more walls . So , if enough Americans deny and resist the new reality and try to -- as they say south of the border , cover the sun with their thumb -- things might get worse before they get better . There could be more conflict and hostility , as Hispanics become frustrated with efforts to thwart their ascendancy . Of course , Hispanics themselves have the greatest power to determine their destiny . We have to make better choices and stop being a cheap date for the political parties . We have to put the United States , and our community , before our allegiance to any political party . Most Hispanics are registered Democrats , but this goes for Hispanic Republicans , too . We have to elect better leaders and hold them accountable . We have to be as hard on our friends as we are on our enemies . We have to reflect now and then on what road we 're on , and change course if necessary . And we have to stop squabbling with one another , and make our community safe for diverse opinions that stray from the established narrative . There is reason for optimism . There are better days ahead , and nothing to fear . Hispanics did n't just come to America . In California , and the rest of the Southwest , it was the other way around . America came to Hispanics . Now we are one and the same .	Ruben Navarrette : Hispanics part of California cultural landscape He says last month Hispanics overtook whites as state 's largest racial/ethnic group He says nativists balk , but Mexicans not new ; they are long woven into fabric , loyal to U.S. Navarrette : Americans need to study up on this group , and Hispanics need to harness clout
CNN  -- Since President Xi Jinping assumed power , he 's reshaped China 's foreign policy by recalibrating its stresses on sovereignty and stability , what the Chinese call wei quan and wei wen . On the one hand , China has stepped up its emphasis on sovereignty , especially concerning its territorial dispute with Japan over the Diaoyu Islands  or the Senkakus , as they 're known in Japan  . Beijing has streamlined its various maritime agencies to make them more efficient and better coordinated , and it keeps sending government vessels to the area to demonstrate its jurisdiction over this region . More recently , it announced a new Air Defense Identification Zone  ADIZ  in the East China Sea to assure its sovereign security over territory , territorial water and space in the ADIZ . On the other hand , China has attached more importance to its peripheral stability . Despite its earlier skirmish over Ladakh with India in May , it cut a border defense co-operation agreement with New Delhi , to avoid mutual tailing between their patrols in border areas where there is no common understanding of the line of actual control . And recently , President Xi and Premier Li Keqiang visited five out of 10 ASEAN countries , and wrapped up a cooperative deal with Vietnam to jointly develop an oil well in the mouth of the Gulf of Tonkin . China has also furthered its relations with major powers -- Xi visited Russia and the U.S. within the first three months of coming to power , promoting a "  new type of major country relationship . " However , the quest for sovereignty and stability at the same time could prove challenging . China 's ADIZ announcement is turning into such a case . Origins of the ADIZ The concept and practice of ADIZ are not China 's invention . Rather , it was invented by the U.S. in 1951 , with a purpose of identifying , through various means , incoming aircraft toward North America . An ADIZ would usually be much bigger than one 's territorial space , to allow sufficient time for such identification . Last weekend , the Chinese government announced its East China Sea ADIZ , asking foreign military planes flying over this area to identify themselves or , if necessary , the government would take defensive military action to enforce their identification . It is noted that the ADIZ is a national mandate , rather than demanded by any international law . Therefore , any other country has to make its own sovereign choice to follow or not . The establishment of the East China Sea ADIZ looks to be China 's latest attempt to stress sovereignty and stability . The purpose of such identification is to assure China 's sovereignty over its airspace without disrupting the international law of freedom of flight through international airspace . Obviously , China is able to identify those foreign civilian airlines which routinely fly to and from China . China will also be able to monitor and identify some foreign military aircraft flying over this zone . Establishing such a zone would allow China , ideally , additional time to predict if some of the flights over the area would be harmful and , consequently , if its defense establishment should take precautionary measures . Challenge to status quo ? As establishing an ADIZ is a national endeavor rather than one mandated by international law , it is predictable other stakeholders could view it a challenge to the status quo , which suits their national interests . Soon after China 's ADIZ was announced , the U.S. sent two B-52 bombers into the new air zone on what the U.S. says was a pre-planned trip . It is understood that the U.S. strategic bombers neither loaded bombs nor were escorted by jet fighters , and did n't go too close to China 's territorial space , signaling that the mission was not intended as a military threat . Such a restrained challenge seems to have led China to properly balance its quest for sovereignty and stability . If and when China 's newly declared ADIZ is truly challenged , as long as China could identify the incoming foreign aircraft and manage the challenge to a certain degree , China would not send aircraft to "  greet " them . But certainly , if the incoming foreign aircraft did not respond to China 's query of identity , and if China detected a threatening posture , its air force would act in a defensive way . Though the U.S. has presented its challenge to China establishing such a zone , the country 's ADIZ may have more to do with Japan . Japan 's own ADIZ has been as close as to 130 kilometers from China , and includes the Diaoyu , or Senkaku , Islands . If China 's inclusion of Diaoyu Islands is intolerable to Japan due to their dispute over this area , Japan 's inclusion of the same islands , some four decades ago , has much earlier provoked a similar degree of irritation . Japan 's establishment of its ADIZ was a breach of the status quo at that time . Japan further pushed the envelope last year by "  nationalizing " the main islands , representing another effort to break the existing status quo . Its persistent changing of the status quo can not go unchallenged . China 's efforts to strike a balance between sovereignty and stability are destined to be difficult . However , facing increasing security challenges , Beijing is likely to respond in kind , while abiding by international law . The opinions in this article are solely those of Shen Dingli , a professor and associate dean of the Institute of International Studies at Fudan University in Shanghai .	President Xi has reshaped China 's foreign policy , stressing sovereignty and stability Shen Dingli : East China Sea ADIZ looks to be China 's latest attempt to stress this approach Facing increasing security challenges , Beijing is likely to respond in kind , Shen Dingli says
CNN  -- Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , said Tuesday Congress should "  use all means necessary " to prevent President Barack Obama from granting what Cruz considers amnesty to more immigrants who are in the country illegally . He said it would be "  appropriate " to include a provision that would block the President from doing so in a critical government-funding bill that Congress must approve this month . Democrats immediately seized on the issue and charged that Cruz wants to shut down the government by attaching a "  poison pill " to the funding bill , which is known as a continuing resolution or CR . Cruz was at the center of last year 's government shutdown , which Democrats believe did long term damage to the GOP . "  It 's another Ted Cruz hostage situation . Last October he held the entire federal government hostage to his ideology and now he 's willing to do it again , " the chairman of the House Democrats ' campaign arm , Rep. Steve Israel , D-New York told CNN . Despite Cruz 's tough talk , there appears to be no appetite even among some of the House conservatives who pushed for a confrontation last fall to have a fight on the spending bill this close to the election . In the Senate , GOP Leader Mitch McConnell said he would n't allow another shutdown to happen . Still , Israel maintained , "  it 's deja vu all over again . In October as they were shutting down the government , they said they would n't shut down the government . They just ca n't be trusted . " House Republicans are expected to vote Thursday on a bill to extend current government-funding levels through December 11 . At issue are GOP concerns the President will expand his use of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program , which conservatives consider amnesty . That 's because earlier this summer the President vowed to use executive authority to take a number of steps related to immigration since Congress was gridlocked on the issue . The President has since said he wo n't take any unilateral action until after the midterm election . 5 reasons Obama 's delay on immigration is political But Cruz said Tuesday Republicans should use "  every tool at our disposal " including the CR . "  I think we should use any and all means necessary to prevent the President from illegally granting amnesty . That certainly , I think , would be appropriate to include in the CR , " Cruz said at a news conference . "  But I think we should use every -- every -- tool at our disposal . " Cruz declined to say if he would vote against the CR unless the provision is in the bill . "  Let 's wait to see what 's in the CR , " Cruz said . "  I have a habit of waiting to see what 's in legislation before I make a decision about whether I will support it or not . " How far can the President go on executive actions ?	Cruz says "  any and all means necessary " should be used to stop "  illegally granting amnesty " Democrats say Cruz wants a government shutdown He was at the center of last year 's shutdown "  It 's deja vu all over again , " says a Democratic congressional leader
CNN  -- A Beijing-bound United Airlines flight returned to Washington 's Dulles International Airport Thursday evening because of a child custody investigation . United Airlines Flight 897 took off on time at 12:20 p.m. ET , but had to return to Dulles at the request of federal law enforcement , an airline spokesperson said . The Federal Bureau of Investigation had received an alert that a mother on that flight was allegedly taking her child out of the country illegally , an FBI spokesman told CNN . Upon the flight 's return "  the flight was met by law enforcement including FBI agents and three individuals were removed from the plane to include a grandmother , mother and child , " FBI spokesman Andrew Ames confirmed , via email . "  The mother was taken into custody on suspicion of committing an international parental kidnapping and the child was reunited with the father . The grandmother was not detained . " The criminal complaint charges that Wenjing Liu , also known as Linda Liu , unlawfully attempted "  to remove a child from the United States with intent to obstruct the lawful exercise of parental rights . " After separating and starting divorce proceedings in 2013 , Liu and William J. Ruifrok III were awarded joint custody of their 4-year-old son , who was born in China and is a dual U.S.-Chinese citizen , the complaint stated . The 2014 custody agreement does n't allow either party to travel outside of the United States without "  express written and notarized consent of the other party , provided in advance of the trip , " according to the complaint . In an interview with law enforcement after being removed from the flight , Liu admitted violating the custody order by removing her son from the United States without his father 's consent , according to the complaint . She made her first appearance in federal court in the Eastern District of Virginia on Friday and has a bond hearing scheduled for Monday . After the aircraft returned to Dulles , United assigned a new crew due to crew flight time limits , and the flight departed again for Beijing at 7:47 pm ET , the United spokesperson said . CNN 's initial attempts to reach a representative for Liu were not successful . It 's a federal crime in the United States for parents to take or attempt to take their children out of the United States or keep them out of the country to obstruct another parent 's custodial rights . But while federal authorities may prosecute one parent , they ca n't necessarily return a child who is already outside the country to the other parent . About one quarter of the 1,800 to 2,000 annual missing children reports received by the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children are for international parental abductions , according to Maureen Heads , a supervisor in the center 's missing children division . The U.S. Department of State tries to return kidnapped children through negotiation , sometimes made easier if the other country is also a signatory to the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Parental Child Abduction . The United States and more than 70 other countries have signed the convention , but it only applies if both countries involved are signatories . "  That leaves many countries where there is no partner " for the United States to negotiate with , said Heads . "  It can be a real challenge at times for parents . " China is not a signatory to the convention , which Heads said could have made it harder for the father in the United Airlines case to get his child back . Seat recline fight diverts another flight Two face charges after plane returns to Canada with military jet escort	A United Airlines flight bound for Beijing turned around five hours into flight The FBI alerted the flight crew to a possible international parental kidnapping A woman traveling with her son was detained upon their return The 4-year-old boy was returned to his father
CNN  -- Elizabeth McCutchen and a friend were walking to book club two weeks ago in quaint Farmville , Virginia , when they strolled by a home on First Avenue . "  Something smells dead , " her friend said . Richard Samuel McCroskey has been arrested in connection with the killings of four people in Virginia . They were thinking animal . A dog , a cat , something like that . They never imagined they were smelling the remains of massacred humans . It was Thursday , September 17 . But another 24 hours would pass before police made the gruesome discovery . Richard Samuel McCroskey III -- a 20-year-old rapper in the underground genre of "  Horrorcore " who sang of chopping people into pieces -- has been arrested in connection with the slayings . The crime scene was so horrifying police would not even describe it , saying only that the victims died of blunt force trauma . The victims were Mark Niederbrock , 50 , the beloved pastor at Walker 's Presbyterian Church ; his 16-year-old daughter , Emma Niederbrock ; Melanie Wells , Emma 's 18-year-old friend from West Virginia ; and Niederbrock 's estranged wife , Debra Kelley , 53 , a professor at Longwood University . McCroskey has been charged only in the killing of Mark Niederbrock . Police and the prosecutor 's office did not return repeated phone calls from CNN . But in late September , authorities said more charges are pending . Emma was described as a fan of Horrorcore and had met McCroskey through their mutual affection for the little-known music genre . Police said she invited McCroskey to fly from his northern California home , stay with her in Virginia and then attend the Strictly for the Wicked Festival , a Horrorcore fest in Michigan featuring bands with names like Dismembered Fetus and Phrozen Body Boy . Nobody saw what would come next . The slayings have been the talk of Farmville , a town of 7,000 that is home to Longwood University and nearby Hampden-Sydney College . Senseless is the word you hear most . It 's not just the macabre nature of the killings that has people talking . It 's the grotesque lyrics of the Horrorcore singer ; it 's that it happened under their noses . McCroskey is a young man with no criminal record who took delight in the blend of horror hip-hop that celebrated macabre killings . He went by the name Syko Sam . In one YouTube video , he holds a hatchet and sings about killing people and putting their remains in black bags : "  Last night I was the murderous rage . Now , I got ta get rid of the bodies before the corpses start to get to rotting . " ` Stinkiest rascal I 've ever smelled ' Authorities have not specified when the Virginia killings occurred , but at 4 a.m. on Friday , September 18 , tow-truck driver Elton Napier was called out to Poor House Road to help McCroskey , whose car was stuck . Napier said McCroskey was wearing a black-hooded sweatshirt and "  was really smelling bad , like real bad . I ca n't describe it . " McCroskey was driving Mark Niederbrock 's Honda . Napier said two sheriff 's deputies were at the scene and McCroskey was ticketed for driving without a license . At the time , authorities did n't know the pastor had been slain . When McCroskey hopped into Napier 's flatbed , the tow-truck driver said he started gagging from the odor and immediately rolled down the windows . "  I just held my head out the window so the wind would hit me in the face , " he said . "  That was the stinkiest rascal I 've ever smelled . " Napier drove McCroskey about four miles to a convenience store . McCroskey told Napier he was visiting his girlfriend and her father lent him the car . McCroskey fetched a black bag from the Honda before they parted . Napier went inside to get a cup of coffee . According to police , McCroskey eventually caught a cab to Richmond International Airport . By mid-afternoon that same day , police found the bodies at the home on First Avenue . McCroskey was arrested the next day at the airport , where he had spent the night . When he was being led to jail , McCroskey told reporters , "  Jesus told me to do it . " Suspect 's family , community grieve Sarah McCroskey of California told CNN-affiliate WWBT that her brother had been looking forward to his visit to Virginia for weeks . She mourned his arrest and struggled with the accusations against him . "  I want to hear his voice . I am so concerned , so worried -- not just for him -LSB- but -RSB- other people , other families involved dealing with this loss , " she said . Read WWBT 's special coverage Defense attorney Cary Bowen told CNN , "  I do n't want to say he 's in shock . That 's a medical term , but it 's a big experience for him . ... I 'm not sure he gets the severity of everything right now . " The community is still devastated by the events as it struggles to move forward . Memorial services were held over the weekend for Emma Niederbrock and her mother , Debra Kelley . The Rev. Sylvia Meadows of Farmville United Methodist Church baptized Emma at age 5 and her father when he was an adult . The pastor said the church has invited an occult specialist to speak with members of the community to help them come to grips with the dark side of humanity . "  We have looked evil in the face and can not deny that it exists , " Meadows said . "  God is stronger than evil . God is bigger . " Luther Glenn , a member of Walker 's Presbyterian Church where Niederbrock was pastor , took issue with McCroskey 's comment about Jesus telling him to act . "  I think it 's deeply rooted in Satan , if you want to know the truth . " Elizabeth McCutchen , who passed the First Avenue home some time after the slayings , said the killings have affected every fabric of the community : the churches , the colleges , and their youth . "  This is the kind of town that goes to the rescue of survivors , but there 's nobody -LSB- left -RSB- -- we ca n't do anything about it , " she said . "  It 's been really , really upsetting . " CNN 's Gary Tuchman and Susan Chun contributed to this report .	20-year-old rapper of "  Horrorcore " accused of Virginia slayings Little known underground music genre celebrates macabre killings Tow-truck driver gave suspect a lift ; said he was "  stinkiest rascal I 've ever smelled " Defense lawyer said he 's unsure Richard McCroskey "  gets the severity of everything "
Benghazi , Libya  CNN  -- Two Islamist militias have agreed to close their bases in the eastern Libyan city of Derna , state news and a source said Saturday . A third base will be shut on Sunday , said the source , who spoke on the condition of anonymity . The state-run LANA news agency said the militias , which it identified as Bou Salim Martyrs and Ansar al-Sharia , will also disband . The move comes after hundreds marched in the nearby city of Benghazi and took over the headquarters for Ansar al-Sharia . Individuals from the radical Islamist group are accused of having been involved in the attack last week that left four Americans dead . Protesters demanded an end to all security activities of armed groups operating outside the official command of the army or police . Mohamed al-Magariaf , president of Libya 's General National Congress , later told reporters that a joint security office would be established to bring together the army and the various brigades backed by the government . Militias outside that office will not be allowed to operate , he said . As militia members fled the headquarters in Benghazi , demonstrators torched a vehicle and took over the group 's building without firing a single shot . Army General Naji al-Shuaibi said the citizens , whom he referred to as "  revolutionaries of the February 17 uprising , " later asked that the Ansar al-Sharia headquarters be handed over to the Libyan army . Some protesters also gathered at locations that house forces loyal to the national authority , he said , including the headquarters of the Rufallah al-Sihati battalion . Gunfire could be heard there , but it was not clear who was responsible . At least four people were killed and 70 were injured in clashes at the Rufallah al-Sihati brigade headquarters , LANA reported . Al-Magariaf thanked the protesters for helping evict "  armed groups . " He also said the Rufallah al-Sihati brigade was actually "  under the command of -- and committed to -- the national authority , " the case appeared to be one of mistaken identity . Magariaf asked demonstrators to stop their activities and go home . On the night of September 11 , U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens was one of four Americans slain after a group assaulted the U.S. Consulate in the eastern Libyan city . Seen as the birthplace of the revolution that led to the death of longtime Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , Benghazi has in recent months been beset by security issues . Initial reports indicated that , ahead of the consular attack , Ansar al-Sharia had organized a protest to decry an inflammatory film that mocks the Prophet Mohammed and also protest the United States , where the film was privately produced . On Thursday , Libyan Prime Minister Mustafa Abushagur said eight detained in connection with that assault include members of Ansar al-Sharia , though he added that not all the attackers came from one specific group .	A third base will shut on Sunday , says a source The move comes after protesters overtake an Islamist group 's HQ in Benghazi At least four people are killed and 70 injured in clashes , state news reports
CNN  -- A 60-foot-long whale that was discovered still breathing on a New York beach Wednesday morning is likely to die overnight , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . Biologists have been closely monitoring the status of the whale since its discovery early Wednesday morning . Late Wednesday , the whale was still alive but it was "  emaciated and in poor physical condition so there is nothing that can be done to save the whale , " NOAA spokesperson Allison McHale told CNN . NOAA is hoping "  nature will take its course " and the whale will die overnight . If the whale is still alive by Thursday morning , NOAA plans to euthanize the whale "  humanely , " according to McHale . The whale was first spotted by a passer-by on a morning stroll . The passer-by called 911 . "  We thought it was dead when we arrived , but then it started moving , " Nick Ecock of Point Breeze Volunteer Fire Department told CNN Wednesday . Ecock and fellow members of the fire department discovered the whale at 11 a.m. near Beach 216th Street and Palmer Place , on the north side of the Breezy Point neighborhood , a town still reeling from the damages of Superstorm Sandy . The whale was found half in the water and half in the sand , according to New York Police Department Officer James Duffy . The whale was alive but looked injured , Duffy added . "  We are keeping it wet and dousing it with water to keep it breathing , " Duffy said . Ecock said that when biologists from Riverhead Foundation for Marine Research on Long Island arrived at mid-afternoon , they determined the mammal was a male Fin whale , the second largest species of whale . "  It does n't look like its going to make it . It 's cut up from all the shells , " Ecock said . He added that the whale was emaciated-looking , and a biologist on the scene indicated the whale might have been sick for a while . "  It 's stuck in  water  five feet deep at most , " Ecock said . Ecock said he hoped that a four-foot sea surge expected Wednesday night due to inclement weather would help foster the whale 's return to the wild . The Point Breeze Volunteer Fire Department posted pictures of the whale on social media . NOAA plans to perform a necropsy after the whale 's death to determine the cause of the whale 's condition .	NEW : NOAA is hoping "  nature will take its course , " with the whale likely to die overnight "  It 's stuck in  water  five feet deep at most , " firefighter says The whale is alive but looks injured , New York Police Department officer says "  We are keeping it wet and dousing it with water to keep it breathing , " he says
CNN  -- A new diet drug approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in July is now available for obese and at-risk overweight patients . The oral medication Qsymia can only be obtained with a doctor 's prescription . Qsymia  pronounced kyoo-SIM-ee-uh  is the second diet drug approved this year . The FDA approved a weight-loss pill called Belviq on June 27 . Patients in clinical trials experienced more dramatic weight loss with Qsymia than with Belviq . On Qsymia , patients went from an average 227 pounds to 204 pounds ; on Belviq , the average weight dropped from 220 to 207 . Qsymia had been known as Qnexa until its approval . The FDA asked the company to change the name to avoid confusion with another drug on the market , according to the company . Health care costs to bulge along with U.S. waistlines Some consumer advocates worry that the medication 's weight loss comes with a price . Some patients in the clinical trial suffered an increased heart rate and a condition called metabolic acidosis , which can lead to hyperventilation , fatigue and anorexia . Concerns have also been raised about birth defects . One of the ingredients in Qsymia is topiramate , an anti-convulsant that has been linked to birth defects such as cleft lip and cleft palate in babies born to women who have taken it for migraines or seizures . Qsymia 's other ingredient is phentermine , an appetite suppressant . "  Our belief is that women will be invited  through  compelling advertising and marketing messages to experiment on themselves with a drug that has some effectiveness with healthy weight loss but possible serious risks , " said Cindy Pearson , executive director of the National Women 's Health Network . Qsymia 's manufacturer , Vivus Inc. , says that the drug helped lower blood pressure and cholesterol levels in obese people and that people taking it were less likely to get type II diabetes . Not enough good data to back obesity drug , panel says "  Obesity is not being adequately addressed by diet and lifestyle changes or currently available therapies , " the company said . "  The need for new options is urgent , particularly nonsurgical options . " The FDA approved Qsymia only for obese people or for overweight people with a body mass index greater than 27 who also suffer from weight-related conditions like hypertension and diabetes . Doctors are free to prescribe the drug to anyone , however , and there are concerns that physicians will open "  pill mills " and prescribe Qsymia to people who just want to lose a few pounds . That 's what happened in the 1990s with fen-phen , another diet drug combination that includes phentermine . An FDA advisory committee voted against Qsymia 's approval in 2010 . The panel recommended the drug 's approval with a 20-2 vote in February , after Vivus proposed a risk management program to limit Qsymia 's distribution and published additional results from one of its three clinical trials . Vivus is offering the pill only through mail order , so doctors ca n't sell it directly , said Dr. Barbara Troupin , Vivus ' vice president of scientific communications and risk management . "  There will not be dispensing from doctors ' offices , " she said . "  Seeing that issue and what has happened in fad and diet drugs in the past , that is not a path that we 're going to be taking . " The 4,430 overweight and obese patients in the Qsymia studies experienced various levels of weight loss . About half of patients on the recommended dose lost 10 % of their weight , while four-fifths lost 5 % . That amounts to about 12 pounds for a 227-pound person . Meg Evans , one of the patients , started out at 230 pounds and lost 48 pounds her first year on the drug and another two pounds the second year . "  I loved it , " she said . "  I was n't hungry . I almost had to remind myself to eat . " At 5 feet 9 inches tall , Evans , now 63 , describes herself as having been "  Twiggy-like " in college , weighing 120 pounds . Then she gained weight after having four children . An avid cook and eater , she said the drug made it easier to resist tempting foods . FDA advisers recommend diet drug "  If I saw a chocolate-chip cookie , it was easy enough for me to say , ` I 'm not really hungry . I can pass on it , ' " Evans said . She said the weight came off gradually , about four pounds a month , and her blood pressure went down almost immediately . In February , Dr. Michael Lauer was one of two FDA advisory committee members who voted against Qsymia 's approval . "  I believe that if the public were to ` buy '  Qsymia  after FDA approval , it would run the risk of severe , even fatal , consequences from another diet lemon , " Lauer wrote in Annals of Internal Medicine , also noting that the drug led to a slight increase in heart rates . The FDA and Vivus both acknowledge that the three clinical trials meant to measure Qsymia 's safety and effectiveness were not designed to properly assess cardiovascular risk . The FDA has required Vivus to do a study on the drug 's cardiovascular effects . Vivus earlier said it would be done after the drug 's approval . Despite the label 's warning that women of childbearing age should use birth control while on Qsymia , there are concerns that women will still get pregnant while on the drug . The FDA recommends a pregnancy test every month while on Qsymia . In the drug-maker 's two-year clinical trial , 34 women on Qsymia became pregnant , even though they were told repeatedly to use contraception . No birth defects happened in those pregnancies , according to the company . Previous clinical trials of topiramate , one of the ingredients in Qsymia , have shown a risk of about five birth defects for every 1,000 pregnancies . Comparing the anti-obesity drug to treatments for other chronic diseases , Troupin said patients will probably need to continue taking Qsymia long-term , though the new drug is not expected to be widely covered by health insurance plans . FDA rejects another obesity drug Evans , the patient who lost 50 pounds on the drug , said she has gained back about 20 pounds since the clinical trial ended two years ago and looks forward to going on Qsymia once it 's approved , even though it can have side effects . "  There are side effects to everything , " she said . She added that the drug was n't the only reason she lost weight . Weekly counseling on nutrition and exercise were a big factor , too . The counselor helped her change her diet -- choosing a salad for lunch instead of a burger , forgoing pasta and potatoes at dinner -- and encouraged her to walk a few times a week in addition to her regular exercise as goalie in a women 's soccer league . "  Before the medicine , I had been telling the girls they 'd have to find a new goalie , because I could n't dive for the ball like I did before , " she said . "  Then I lost the weight , and I was diving and bouncing back up and having a great old time again . "	New diet drug is now available with a prescription for obese or at-risk overweight patients Qsymia , formerly known as Qnexa , was approved by the FDA in July Consumer advocates are concerned about the risk of birth defects , increased heart rate
Washington  CNN  -- The House of Representatives censured veteran New York Rep. Charlie Rangel on Thursday -- a stunning downfall for a man once considered one of the most powerful members of Congress . The 333-79 vote required Rangel to stand in the well of the House as a formal censure resolution was read aloud by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California . The House ethics committee recently found the 20-term Harlem Democrat guilty on 11 counts of violating House rules , including failing to pay taxes on a vacation home in the Dominican Republic and improperly using his office to raise money for an educational center bearing his name . On November 18 , the committee voted 9-1 to recommend that the House censure Rangel and that he pay restitution for any unpaid taxes . The committee 's rules require that its report be presented to the House for a vote . "  It is painful to sit in judgment of our colleague " but the punishment is appropriate , said California Rep. Zoe Lofgren , the Democratic head of the ethics committee . "  While I feel for -LSB- Rangel -RSB- as a human being , I feel more strongly that a public office is a public trust , " said Texas GOP Michael McCaul , also a member of the ethics committee . Addressing the House , Rangel admitted he had made "  serious mistakes , " but asked for a lighter penalty than censure , which is the most serious punishment the House can impose short of expulsion . "  I brought it on myself , but I still believe that this body has to be guided by fairness , " he said . "  Nobody has ever suffered the humiliation of a censure when the record is abundantly clear -LSB- that there is -RSB- no evidence at all of corruption . " Rangel , a former chairman of the tax-writing Ways and Means Committee , insisted he never used his office for "  self-enrichment . " After being censured , Rangel ripped the decision to impose censure as a "  very , very , very political vote . " But "  at long last this two-year nightmare is over , " he said . Several congressmen publicly backed Rangel 's assertion that the censure penalty was too severe . "  Charlie Rangel is a friend and colleague . We disagree on virtually every issue , " New York GOP Rep. Peter King said shortly before the vote . But I 've never heard "  anyone question Charlie 's integrity " or seen him treat anyone with disrespect . There is no proof of activity involving "  moral turpitude " or "  criminal intent , " said Rep. John Tanner , D-Tennessee . Rangel , a senior member of the Congressional Black Caucus , became the twenty-third House member in history to be censured . Nine others have been reprimanded . The last House members to be censured prior to Rangel were Reps. Gerry Studds , D-Massachusetts , and Daniel Crane , R-Illinois , in 1983 . Both men were found guilty of sexual misconduct with House pages .	Rangel calls the censure vote "  very political " The House censured Rep. Charlie Rangel , D-New York The House also recommends that Rangel pay restitution for unpaid taxes Rangel was found guilty by the ethics committee on 11 counts of violating House rules
CNN  -- Here 's a hot tip : The University of North Carolina is going to win the NCAA men 's basketball tournament . A Georgia Tech professor 's computer model suggests UNC will win this year 's NCAA men 's basketball tournament . At least that 's the prediction of Joel Sokol , a Georgia Tech professor whose statistical model correctly selected the Final Four , championship game and winner of last year 's tournament . Be glad he 's not in your office 's betting pool . Finding some kind of rationality in March Madness , which starts in earnest Thursday , has been an American pastime for decades . Tournament brackets are everywhere , and from sports TV to the dinner table , everyone seems to have predictions about which team will claim the top spot , and why . But in recent years , "  bracketology , " as sorting out the single-elimination basketball tournament is sometimes called , has increasingly become the scientific endeavor its name suggests . It 's even something on which university professors and professional statisticians stake their reputations . Watch Sokol explain his predictions " There are at least 40 individual people or groups using statistical models to analyze college basketball and rank its teams online , according to Kenneth Massey , whose Web site , masseyratings.com , lets users compare the analyses . Anecdotal evidence suggests more people are getting in the game , perhaps because the raw data used to run the equations -- team records , point margins and the like -- is easily accessible on the Internet . All of these off-shoot predictions supplement the official computer model used by the NCAA , which is called the Rating Percentage Index . But a selection committee of live people still ranks teams and puts them in tournament brackets . At their cores , the computer models all operate like question machines , said Jeff Sagarin , who has been doing computer ratings for USA Today since 1985 . Different people come up with different brackets because they 're asking different questions . Sagarin 's equations ask three questions : "  Who did you play , where did you play and what was the result of each specific game ? " The computer keeps repeating those questions in an "  infinite loop " until it comes up with a solid answer , he said . Sagarin has arranged the formula as such partly because he thinks home-court advantage is a big deal in college basketball . Other models ask different questions or give the questions different weights . Sokol , of Georgia Tech , for example , cares more about the win-margin than where the game was played . He got into NCAA basketball prognosticating after watching his team , Georgia Tech , lose a nail-biter in 2002 when Tennessee hit a shot at the buzzer from half court . Sports analysts made a big deal of the loss , he said , which seemed statistically dumb to Sokol . As far as he 's concerned a close game might as well be a tie -- the toss of a coin could predict the winner . "  That last shot is almost meaningless , " he said . It took a few years of testing for Sokol to start believing in his computer model , which was the subject of an academic paper in 2004 . That year , Georgia Tech made it to the Final Four , which Sokol and colleagues had predicted . "  They really kind of made us believers in our own system , " he said . Sagarin , who has one of the older and more respected prediction equations in the business , said a year or two of success does not mean a model will continue to foretell the outcome of the tournament correctly . He grew up a sports junkie who was "  too skinny " to make it big on the court or field . For a time , he used his intimate knowledge of statistics and college basketball to bet on the annual NCAA tournament . Buzzer-beating shots became the bane of his existence , and in 1983 , after Houston lost to underdog North Carolina State on a last-second dunk in the tournament final , Sagarin gave up on betting . "  Each year I try to put minor improvements in -LSB- the computer model -RSB- and test in the off-season , but that all goes out the window when guys hit three-point shots at the buzzer , " he said . "  There 's a lot of luck in life . Life is a series of heads and tails , and human beings try to describe rationale behind them ... when in fact it may be random . " Dan Shanoff , who blogs on sports at danshanoff.com , said gut feeling is more important than statistics , but taking a look at the numbers can never hurt . In the end , he said , it 's all chance . "  You think you know everything about college basketball and then all of a sudden your mom is finishing ahead of you -LSB- in a tournament pool -RSB- , which happens every year to me with my mom , " he said . Shanoff 's gut tells him Louisville will win the men 's tournament this year . Sokol , of Georgia Tech , puts Louisville in the Final Four with UNC , Pittsburgh and the University of Memphis . He said Michigan State and Oklahoma are ranked too high and due for an upset , statistically speaking . While all of this information could be helpful for people betting on the Big Dance , Sheldon H. Jacobson , a professor of computer science at the University of Illinois , said he does n't fill out a bracket , despite the fact that he 's developed a computer model for the tournament . "  I enjoy the games and I enjoy the tournament , and not filling out a bracket gives me the freedom to do that , " he said .	People are using computer models to try to pick NCAA basketball winners A successful model from Georgia Tech picks UNC to win this year As more data is available online , the practice appears to be more popular One professor says it 's more fun to watch for fun than fill out bracket
CNN Student News  -- May 11 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Washington , D.C. • Gulf Coast • United Kingdom Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : What you 've learned in government and civics classes is unfolding right now on Capitol Hill . How the lessons apply in life -- our first story on CNN Student News ! First Up : Supreme Court Nominee AZUZ : Elena Kagan is a name you 're going to be hearing in the weeks ahead . She is the solicitor-general -- the Obama administration 's top lawyer . It 's her job to argue cases for the government at the U.S. Supreme Court . President Obama now wants her to serve on that court ; Kagan is the president 's top choice to replace retiring Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : While we ca n't presume to replace Justice Stevens ' wisdom or experience I have selected a nominee who I believe embodies that same excellence , independence , integrity and passion for the law and who can ultimately provide that same kind of leadership on the court . AZUZ : But as you know from your government classes , President Obama ca n't just give her the job . He needs the "  advice and consent " of the U.S. Senate , who 'll make the final decision on Kagan . They 'll be looking at her resume : Her law degree from Harvard University . Her work as dean of that university 's law school . Her service as a lawyer for the former Clinton administration . But one major concern for some senators : Kagan has no experience as a judge , unlike all the current members of the Supreme Court . So she 's likely to face some tough questions from senators ; they 're going to be trying to get an idea of how she would rule in certain situations before they decide whether or not to confirm her . If the 50-year-old New Yorker gets the job as associate justice , she would be the fourth woman to serve in the history of the Supreme Court . Cleanup Health Hazards AZUZ : While BP considers different ways to stop and clean up an oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , other folks are trying to help out . Their livelihood depends on it . Rob Marciano shows us how dirty a job the clean-up is . And you 're going to hear him mention "  Valdez " -- that 's a reference to the Exxon Valdez , a ship that spilled 11 million gallons of oil near Alaska back in 1989 . BEGIN VIDEO ROB MARCIANO , CNN METEOROLOGIST : Clearing the oil is a big job , and the pros ca n't do it alone . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : This is a safety training class . MARCIANO : So the call has gone out to recruit the locals . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : If you 're going to be working in contaminated water , you 'll have to have boots -- rubber boots . MARCIANO : Hundreds have already volunteered to help and safety trainings like this one are being held across the coast . CAROL VAUGHN , BEACH CLEAN-UP VOLUNTEER : Why are they getting volunteers when they have contractors ? MARCIANO : A reminder that cleaning up oil is a dangerous job . VAUGHN : Hearing today , the type of equipment you have to wear to pick up trash off the beach , was a realization that this is real and it 's happening . MARCIANO : Some volunteers who pitched in after the Valdez spill are still sick . Due to financial settlements , many ca n't even talk publicly about their health problems , but it is bad . DEBBIE TAYLOR , BILOXI REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER : They have long-term effects , some central nervous system effects and who 's to say we wo n't see that here . It think it 's just going to be a wait-and-see game . MARCIANO : Debbie Taylor is on the frontlines at Biloxi 's Regional Medical Center where preparations are already underway . Some of Taylor 's first patients could be these fishermen . Normally , these boats would be out trying to net some shrimp . But the oil spill has put a stop to that , so they sit and they wait . Some of these boats may actually be out working for BP trying to clean up the mess . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : BP 's here to ask for your help . MARCIANO : BP is already holding informational sessions . Phillip Nguyen attended , and now wants a long-term contract to clean up . He runs two shrimp boats that now sit idle . PHILLIP NGUYEN , SHRIMP BOAT OPERATOR : Unpredictable for the future of the shrimp business and shrimp industry , we need to get some sort of financing income from somewhere . MARCIANO : The Coast Guard performs safety checks before each vessel is approved for duty . Safety for the boat , but what about the crew ? RICK COW , FISHERMAN : We 're worried about that too , but working and we 've got to do it , you know ? You got to take risks on that . MARCIANO : So you need the money so you just start doing it ? COW : Yes , sir . Yes , sir . END VIDEO I. D. Me TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can ID Me ! My goals include freedom and peace for almost 500 million citizens . I 'm a partnership of 27 European countries . I have one official currency : the euro . I 'm the European Union , and my main trading partner is the U.S. Rescue Plan AZUZ : All right , so you get an idea from that how the economies of Europe and America are linked together . Take what 's happened in Greece . It has huge debt -- money it owes that some investors are worried it may not be able to repay . Because that 's bad for Europe -- and Europe has that close trading partnership with the U.S. -- the American stock market dropped last week , after Greece 's bad news . Well , here 's some better news . The European Union has just come up with a new plan to deal with European debt . It 's set aside almost a trillion dollars to stabilize and protect Europe 's economies . And that has investors in America , and around the world , breathing a sigh of relief . As proof , the Dow Jones Industrial Average -- part of the American stock market -- jumped up hundreds of points yesterday . A good economic sign . Brown Steps Down AZUZ : Britain will be getting a new leader . Its current prime minister , Gordon Brown , whom you see right here -- he 's asking his political party -- the Labour Party -- to get ready for a new leadership contest . But he wo n't be a candidate . This is all because of Britain 's election last week . Three of Britain 's political parties shared most of the vote . But none of them got enough votes , to form a government on its own . So it looks like two of them will have to get together , form an alliance to get leadership in place . Which two parties that will be has n't been decided yet . But what 's interesting about all this is that an election like this has n't happened in Britain since 1974 . Shoutout MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Tchaparian 's students at River Bluff School in Fresno , California ! Where would you find Hampton University ? You know what to do ! Is it in : A  Virginia , B  New York , C  Arkansas OR D  South Carolina ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! A historically black university , Hampton is located in Virginia ! That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Obama Commencement AZUZ : Speaking at a graduation ceremony at Hampton University , President Obama talked about the importance of education . It 's hard for anybody to disagree with that : The national unemployment rate is at 9.9 percent . The president pointed out that the rate is more than twice as high for people without a college degree than it is for those with a college degree . What might cause more disagreement , though , is what the president had to say about certain types of technology . Listen to this . OBAMA : This class is graduating at a time of great difficulty for America and for the world . You 're entering a job market , in an era of heightened international competition , with an economy that 's still rebounding from the worst crisis since the Great Depression . You 're accepting your degrees as America still wages two wars ; wars that many in your generation have been fighting . And meanwhile , you 're coming of age in a 24/7 media environment that bombards us with all kinds of content and exposes us to all kinds of arguments , some of which do n't always rank that high on the truth meter . And with iPods and iPads ; and Xboxes and PlayStations ; none of which I know how to work ; information becomes a distraction , a diversion , a form of entertainment , rather than a tool of empowerment , rather than the means of emancipation . So all of this is not only putting pressure on you ; it 's putting new pressure on our country and on our democracy . Blog Promo AZUZ : Okay , it 's your turn . We want to know what you think about this . Not everyone has an iPad or an iPod , but we 've almost all played video games . You 've grown up with computers in your classes , many of you . Do you agree with the president that the information you get from these things is a distraction ? Or do you think you learn something from them ? Talk to us today at CNNStudentNews.com ! We 're looking forward to seeing what you have to say . Before We Go AZUZ : When I told a friend today that our last story was about clogging , she wanted to know what people were clogging . In this case , shoes ! The event may not feature the fanciest of footwork . But when it comes to sheer numbers , it stomped the old record -- that was 425 people dancing for less than five minutes . This , this event , included more than 2,500 stepped out for more than six minutes . They clogged the streets with victory . Goodbye AZUZ : ... that all depended on de-feet . With that foot-note , we 're stepping away til tomorrow . I 'm Carl Azuz , and I 'm just gon na put a sock in it .	Discuss what senators will consider about the president 's Supreme Court pick Suit up to see just how dirty a job it can be to clean up a massive oil spill Think about the benefits and drawbacks of the gadgets we love Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
New York  CNN  -- Criminal charges will not be filed against the owner of a chimpanzee that mauled and blinded a Connecticut woman earlier this year , according to Connecticut State 's Attorney David Cohen . At a news conference Monday , Cohen explained that criminal prosecution against Sandra Herold , 77 , was not warranted because she was not aware of the risk her pet posed . On February 16 , Herold had called her friend Charla Nash , 55 , for help in getting her pet chimpanzee Travis back inside her house after he used a key to escape . When Nash arrived at the Stamford home of her friend , the chimp , who had been featured in TV commercials for Coca-Cola and Old Navy , jumped on her and began biting and mauling her , causing serious injuries to her face , neck and hands . Police shot Travis to halt the attack and he later died of gunshot wounds . Cohen explained that the dangers of keeping a pet chimpanzee were never fully explained to Herold by the Connecticut State Department of Environmental Protection . While the agency was aware that the chimpanzee was living with Herold , there is no evidence that they ever reached out to her to detail why the primate posed a threat to her and others in the community . Furthermore , Herold had never had any problems with Travis in the past . Although Travis had escaped once before in 2003 and "  wreaked havoc " on the streets of Stamford for a couple of hours , the chimp had never exhibited any violent behavior , especially towards Nash , with whom he had interacted with regularly . Nash , Cohen stated , had specifically been called that day because Herold thought she could help in controlling the escaped chimpanzee . In the state of Connecticut , criminal prosecution would have to determine that Herold acted recklessly , disregarding the risk that Travis would attack and cause serious injuries to another person . Because of the chimp 's familiarity with Nash , his previously placid behavior and the lack of contact by the Department of Environmental Protection , Cohen determined that Herold would not be held criminally responsible for the attack . "  This does not in any way minimize the horror that we all feel with what occurred and with the horrendous injuries suffered , " he said . "  Our prayers go out to the family and to the victim . " In March , shortly after the attack , the family of Charla Nash filed a lawsuit seeking $ 50 million in damages from the owner of the primate . The court papers , filed in Stamford Superior Court in Connecticut , alleged that the owner was liable for the attack , negligent and reckless in her ownership of a wild animal . Following the attack , Nash was transported to the famed Cleveland Clinic , where the nation 's first face transplant was performed . In a written statement the Cleveland Clinic said that Nash had lost her nose , upper and lower lips , eyelids and both her hands in the attack , as well as the "  bony structures in her mid-face . " The attack has raised questions about whether exotic animals should be kept as pets . Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal has stated that primates and crocodiles should be added to a state list of animals citizens are not allowed to own . When asked if there was anything to be learned from the attack , Cohen said , "  I think the public will have to draw their own lessons from what was a very tragic incident . "	Chimpanzee mauled and blinded a Connecticut woman earlier this year Owner was not aware of the risk the chimpanzee posed , state 's attorney says Criminal prosecution would have had to determine that owner acted recklessly In March , Charla Nash filed a lawsuit seeking $ 50 million in damages from the owner
CNN  -- If a measure of a successful society is its ability to prevent infant deaths , then there is an ugly truth in the United States today that public health officials know but the public largely does not : Too many of our babies are dying , and they do n't have to . Public health officials , doctors and researchers from around the world are gathering in Washington this week for the 139th annual meeting of the American Public Health Association to address the pressing public health issues of the day , and it is imperative that they focus their attention on protecting the most vulnerable members of our society . The U.S. infant mortality rate is one of the highest among all developed countries . The disparity in rates within the United States is alarming as well , with black babies dying at more than twice the rate of white babies . The most recent statistics from 2007 show that the U.S. rate of almost seven deaths per 1,000 live births ranked the U.S. behind the majority of other developed countries . Thirty developed countries have lower infant mortality rates , according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , all of them spending much less than we do on health care Within the United States , infant mortality ranges from a high of almost 10 deaths per 1,000 in Mississippi and Alabama to about five deaths per 1,000 in Washington and Massachusetts . Although the overall rates have been slowly declining since 2000 , the huge gap between whites and blacks continues to exist . American women who are most likely to lose their babies are non-Hispanic black women , with a rate almost 2 1/2 greater than that for non-Hispanic white women . This is one of the greatest injustices in our country : that a baby 's chance of having a healthy life is largely dependent on where he or she is born . States and local communities vary widely in what care their leaders choose to provide to women and children . But these higher rates can be lowered by implementing strong initiatives at the state and federal levels . And maternal and child health experts know what needs to happen , based on what 's worked in places with lower rates . Preventing infant mortality is not just about prenatal care . There are four key periods in the lives of women and their children , each vital in determining whether an infant lives or dies : before pregnancy , during pregnancy , at birth and during the first year of life . Interventions that work during each of these periods must be consistently supported to reduce infant mortality . These include teen pregnancy prevention programs , such as the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy ; family planning services  the Women , Infants and Children -- or WIC -- nutrition program , which provides federal grants to states , is one good example  ; Back-to-Sleep education campaigns that help reduce the risk of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome ; full coverage of prenatal care and child health ; and cessation programs for pregnant women who use tobacco or other substances . These are examples of services that should be available for all women and infants , regardless of where they live . Currently , the United States does not ensure that women have access to comprehensive health care services for the four key periods . Countries with universal health care that includes women 's health coverage  including family planning  before and after pregnancy -- that is , prenatal care as well as infant and child health care -- have better outcomes than the United States . We need it all . Prenatal care is necessary , but taken alone wo n't solve our scandalously high infant mortality rates . Policies and regulations are needed in all states and in all hospitals to make sure we give infants the best possible care . It will take a village of support to lower infant mortality and improve health and development of our nation 's children . Since 1935 the U.S. government has supported maternal and child health through Title V of the Social Security Act , which demands that states be a "  point of accountability " to ensure the health of mothers , women , children and youth . Healthy Start programs funded by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services since the early 1990s have helped communities provide an array of services and support to pregnant women who face challenges getting access to quality medical care , housing , food and other services . Both Title V and Healthy Start are regularly at risk in budget discussions . To do better as a nation , we must develop and sustain the political will to fund both programs fully as well as support all services and policies we know help prevent infant deaths . Continuing to provide a patchwork of fragmented services for mothers and infants across the country will do little to improve our infant mortality rates . When it comes to the budget , Congress must prioritize services that will prevent poor and minority children from dying or suffering from other conditions that result from inadequate health care for mothers and their babies . Now is the time for our society to reflect its values . We can do better for our women and children . We must . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Deborah Klein Walker .	Deborah Klein Walker says infant mortality rates in U.S. remain unacceptably high The U.S. ranks 31st in developed nations for infant mortality Walker : Rate for blacks in U.S. highest ; funds for prevention programs regularly face cuts She says policymakers must make funding for women and infant programs a policy priority
EW.com  -- In the rude , antic , and brazenly funny "  Wedding Crashers "  2005  , Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn played overgrown arrested-development cases who won us over from their very first whopping lie onward . At the time , the two actors were already in their mid-30s , but they were still able to mount a bad-boy generational assault against all things civil and decent . "  The Internship " reunites Wilson , with his smarm-that-looks-like-sweetness  or is it the other way around ?  , and Vaughn , with his disaffected fast patter . The audience is still rooting for them -- only this time the two are playing the older , stodgy guys . They 're Nick  Wilson  and Billy  Vaughn  , designer-watch salesman who lose their careers in what seems like the tick of a second hand . Tossed into a dead-end job market , without any real prospects , they talk their way into an internship on the sprawling , buzzy Silicon Valley campus of Google , where they 're pitted against a bunch of brainiac 20-year-olds who live and breathe technology and do n't get any of the pair 's pathetically ancient pop-culture references  Stalag 17 , anyone ?  . Directed by the workmanlike Shawn Levy  who made the Night at the Museum films and Date Night  , the movie is a halfway clever cookie-cutter culture-clash comedy , but there 's a reason that it lacks the highs of "  Wedding Crashers : " The Internship puts us on the side of those who are trying to hold on to respectability , not tear it down . The movie was made with the cooperation of Google , which is why its basic attitude toward the search engine that changed the world is one of unironic reverence . True , the place can come off looking a bit goofy and obsessive . The leader of the internship program is Mr. Chetty  The Daily Show 's Aasif Mandvi  , a po-faced corporate guru who lights up whenever he extols the virtues of ethereal concepts like " Googliness . " And when the army of interns gets divvied up into a dozen competing teams , only one of which will ultimately land jobs there , Nick and Bill are stuck with the social outliers that no one else wants -- the geeks among geeks . They 're led by Lile  Josh Brener  , a shrimpy , horn-rimmed genius who tries to fit in by saying things like " fo shizzle . "  He 's clearly been saying that since he was about five . The actors cast as Google interns are likable and mildly amusing in a "  Revenge of the Nerds " 2013 way . But I wish that at least one of them had been given a major voice , a way of making the tech banter seem hilariously cool . The likeliest candidate would have been Stuart  Dylan O'Brien  , with his sullen stare and open contempt for our heroes , but the character loses his superior edge over time , which is the movie 's mistake . It 's up to Nick and Bill to teach these brilliant losers how to live , and what that comes down to is showing them that it 's fun to let go and do Tequila shots and dance like crazy and hit on people . How rebellious ! The Internship was written by Vaughn and Jared Stern , and it 's got little jabs of wit , like the scene in which Nick and Bill are duped into addressing a bald instructor in a wheelchair as " Professor Charles Xavier "  he is not pleased  . A lot of the film is devoted to showing how the cult of technology and the human element do n't need to be opposed ; they can , and should , work hand in hand . That 's a nice message  and it 's certainly a swell advertisement for Google  , but it 's not a funny message . "  The Internship " gets so caught up in healing the generational divide that it 's ostensibly about -- the analog dudes vs. the digital kids -- that the movie ends up being just a pleasant collection of mild laughs . It needed more spin , more Googliness . Grade : B CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn last teamed up in "  The Wedding Crashers " "  The Internship " finds them vying for spots at Google Critic calls it a "  pleasant collection of mild laughs "
CNN  -- Hashtags are coming to Facebook to help users better surface conversations . Support for the all-but-ubiquitous topic organization system was rumored in March and will roll out to a small percentage of users Wednesday . Facebook will roll out hashtags to more users in the coming weeks . The social network wants to make it easier for users to find content already on Facebook , and functional hashtags are the first step . According to Facebook , many users already post hashtags anyway , so why not make them work ? Hashtags will be both clickable and searchable , so , for example , topics like #NSALeaks or #NBAFinals will now exist . SEE ALSO : 20 Things Your Most Annoying Friends Do on Facebook Hashtags from other services , such as Instagram , are clickable as well . Users will also be able to compose posts directly from a hashtag feed and search results . That could make adding real-time content to specific streams easier than before . Twitter user Chris Messina created in 2007 the hashtag as we know it today . Twitter eventually adopted the system of organizing tweets around a certain subject into its API and its broader ecosystem . Since then , the hashtag has been adopted by other services , including Flickr , Tumblr , Google + and even Facebook-owned Instagram . What do you think about Facebook 's decision to finally embrace hashtags ? Let us know in the comments . This article originally appeared on Mashable . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Hashtags finally coming to Facebook The tool for surfacing conversations started on Twitter in 2007 Hashtags will be clickable and searchable
CNN Student News  -- August 22 , 2014 It 's a "  miraculous day , " according to an American doctor who survived the Ebola virus . We 'll update you on his condition and what doctors say about his release from the hospital . Today 's show also explains how a grand jury and legal complications factor in to an incident in Ferguson , Missouri . And some of Britain 's historic statues have been given a new voice . Go there with CNN Student News ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWS QUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly News Quiz  PDF  . 1 . The Mosul Dam is located in what Middle Eastern country ? 2 . What is the name of wind system that blows from the southwest during summer months and brings tremendous amounts of rain to India ? 3 . The world 's largest experiment involving "  smart trash cans " is being conducted in what U.S. city ? 4 . Pope Francis recently became the first pontiff in 25 years to visit what Asian country ? 5 . What is the brand of the car that recently made auction history when it sold for more than $ 38 million ? 6 . Until his death in 2013 , what controversial leader served as president of Venezuela ? 7 . Which of these organisms would you find in the phylum Cnidaria : octopi , seaweed , sharks or jellyfish ? 8 . What city in the United Arab Emirates is home to the tallest building in the world ? 9 . Dr. Kent Brantley and Nancy Writebol are two U.S. missionaries who 've recovered from what deadly virus ? 10 . In what European city is technology being used to give the public information about statuesque figures ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
CNN  -- Officials with the National Transportation Safety Board are expected to arrive Thursday morning to investigate a small plane crash that killed one person in Birmingham , Alabama . The Beech BE-58 was approaching the runway of the Birmingham-Shuttlesworth International Airport when it crashed Wednesday , said the Federal Aviation Administration . The cause of the crash is unknown . "  All I know is my friend right here told me to look up , and it was a plane in the sky , fire coming out of the back of it , " Kairee King told CNN affiliate WBMA . King was on his porch when the plane crashed in a neighborhood , about 50 feet from the nearest house , the affiliate reported .	The plane crashes as it is approaching an airport runway The cause of the crash is not known , the FAA says
Punxsutawney Phil lied . That 's what a prosecutor in Ohio says . He has filed a criminal "  indictment " against the famed groundhog , who , year for year on February 2 , emerges from his burrow at Gobbler 's Knob to predict whether spring will come early or winter will linger . If he sees his shadow , it means six more weeks of chill . If not , short sleeves are days away . This year , Phil got it wrong , and it 's not the first time . On the first day of spring this past Wednesday , the Northeast got pelted with more than a foot of snow . It 's still cold two days later , and more chilly weather is in the forecast . Snow on the first day of spring Michael T. Gmoser is sick of it , and he wants someone to pay . "  I woke up this morning and the wind was blowing , the snow was flying , the temperatures were falling , and I said ` Punxsutawney , you let us down , ' " the prosecutor told CNN affiliate WXIX . The homepage of the Butler County , Ohio , prosecutor 's office , which Gmoser heads , prominently features alerts against scammers . Shadows are n't just for groundhogs Gmoser is convinced that Phil is one and that he intentionally misled the nation . Now , trouble with the law is a brewing for the famous rodent from Punxsutawney , Pennsylvania . Not really . It 's all in good fun , of course , and Phil 's handlers are getting in on the joke . But they are not "  ratting " him out . "  If you remember two weeks ago on a Sunday , it was probably 60 , 65 degrees , " handler John Griffiths told WXIX in Phil 's defense . "  So , I mean , that basically counts as an early spring . " After snow storms and blizzards for weeks from Arizona to the Dakotas and into the Midwest and New England , not many Americans may buy it . But Phil may not be at fault . Some may have thought in the past that his predictions were a vast conspiracy . After all , he is sponsored by two clubs , a handful of corporations and two banks . On Phil 's website , Groundhog.org , his handlers dispute the theory . "  No , Punxsutawney Phil 's forecasts are not made in advance by the Inner Circle , " they write . The off prediction could have been a mistranslation . Phil "  speaks to the Groundhog Club President in Groundhogese , " according to the website . "  His proclamation is then translated for the world . " What if the president ca n't hear correctly over the crowd ? Is it then still really Phil 's fault ? Gmoser is sticking by his guns . "  Punxsutawney Phil did purposely , and with prior calculation and design , cause people to believe that Spring would come early , " the indictment reads . He recommends the death penalty . "  He 's already serving a life sentence behind bars , as you know , " Gmoser told WXIX . Phil has been making his predictions since 1887 and will probably continue . Extraditing him from Pennsylvania to Ohio to stand trial is unlikely , since transporting wild animals across state lines can be illegal . People may be angry with Phil about his prediction as winter 's chill dawdles . But lighten up . He 's just a groundhog .	Ohio prosecutor Michael Gmoser is going after Phil for deception Phil predicted a short winter and a quick arrival of spring Many Americans will think he was wrong after all the cold they 've seen lately It 's a joke , of course , and Phil 's handlers are playing along
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A fighter jet crashed in southern Afghanistan on Monday , in the fourth wreck in three days , authorities said . A French Air Force Mirage 2000 sits under a shelter on the tarmac at an airbase in Kandahar on January 1 , 2009 . Authorities were looking into why the plane went down during takeoff from Kandahar airfield Monday morning , but the role of insurgents had been ruled out , said Lt. Col. Paul Kolken , the spokesman at the airfield . The crew ejected safely , and was being treated , Kolken said . Five hours after the crash , the wreckage of the plane was still on fire . Military officials did not identify the type of jet that crashed , nor did they release the nationality of the crew . Weather conditions were fair at the time of the incident , Kolken said . On Saturday , a U.S. fighter jet crashed in eastern Afghanistan , killing its crew of two . In addition , a civilian helicopter went down on takeoff from Kandahar airfield on Sunday , killing 16 people , NATO said . Watch details of the helicopter crash " And a military helicopter made a hard landing elsewhere on Sunday , apparently injuring at least some of those on board , NATO said . None of the aircraft were shot down , said the International Security Assistance Force -- NATO 's mission in Afghanistan . It did not announce the cause of any of the crashes . There were at least two earlier crashes this month . Watch report on UK deaths in Afghanistan " At least five people were killed when a helicopter went down in southern Afghanistan 's Helmand province Tuesday , a local government official said . And on July 6 , two Canadian air crew members and a British soldier were killed when a helicopter crashed during takeoff in Zabul province , the Canadian and British defense ministries said . CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	Authorities looking into why plane went down during takeoff from Kandahar airfield Crew ejected safely ; Role of insurgents has been ruled out of cause of crash Military officials did not identify type of jet that crashed , nor the nationality of the crew Crash is the fourth aircraft wreck in three days
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The recent discovery of a severed head , two hands and two feet in the Hollywood hills is near the home of actor Brad Pitt , and authorities have interviewed his bodyguard for possible leads , police said Thursday . "  It 's standard procedure for us to have our detectives canvass the neighborhood , " Los Angeles Police Cmdr. Andrew Smith said . The bodyguard saw nothing unusual , he said . In an unusual coincidence , Pitt starred in the film "  Seven , " in which he plays a detective and a severed head is found a box . Meanwhile , the dog walker whose canine discovered the head in a park near the Hollywood sign said she at first thought the head was a movie prop . "  Our assumption was that there was always people filming up there , and it was a prop , " Lauren Kornberg told HLN . "  We walked down the ravine and got closer and realized it was a freshly severed human head . " In what police described as their biggest search in recent memory , 120 investigators scoured a seven-acre parcel of a park looking for clues in the dismemberment , which authorities believe occurred elsewhere , Smith said . "  We do n't believe the murder occurred up here in the hills , " Smith told reporters . "  Right now , there is somebody who committed murder somewhere out there . " As of late Thursday morning , police had n't discovered any more remains or significant clues , Smith said . At least 30 Los Angeles police officers , a dozen coroner 's investigators , helicopters , all-terrain vehicles , a SWAT team trained in climbing skills and mounted officers were searching a section of Bronson Canyon , next to Griffith Park , Smith said . The coroner 's cadaver dog , who Smith said became exhausted at times Wednesday , was back on the trail after sunrise Thursday , sniffing for more remains of the victim . But authorities still have n't located the torso . "  We 're going to leave no stone unturned , " Smith said . The head is that of a man between 40 and 60 years old , with salt-and-pepper-colored hair , Los Angeles County Deputy Chief Coroner Ed Winter said . Investigators "  have every reason to believe " the hands , feet and head belonged to the same person , Smith said . Fingerprints taken from the severed hands could help identify the man , police said . "  That 's what we 're hoping , " Smith said . Investigators also will use dental records and DNA in trying to identify the victim , but they are hoping the fingerprints could more readily provide an identification . Authorities plan to conclude their three-day hillside search Thursday afternoon and reopen the park to the public Friday , Smith said . "  We ask people to be cautious . Hike with friends . Do n't go off alone , " the commander advised . Searchers using the coroner 's cadaver dog located the two hands and two feet scattered across seven acres of brushy and steep terrain , police said . Authorities believe the human remains were placed in one spot and then were spread by wild animals , Smith said . "  With the wildlife we have here with the coyotes and whatnot , if a body part is left up there , it 's not long before it 's disturbed by the animals , " he said . The body parts were hidden until the animals found them , Smith said . "  You could say it was a determined effort to hide them , " Smith said of the body parts , declining to elaborate . "  There was no intent that these were something that the public would find . " Wednesday 's search located first one hand , about 50 yards from where the head was found . Another hand and then two feet were found just before waning daylight forced an end to that day 's search , police Officer Cleon Joseph said . The person who placed the severed appendages in the Hollywood hills had to go out of his way , walking to an off-the-beaten-path location to leave the limbs , Smith said . "  Had it not been for the dog walker , we may not have found " the remains , Smith said . The real-life Hollywood mystery began Tuesday afternoon when two people noticed their dogs dragging a plastic grocery bag from a bush near a dirt trail , police said . The women were shocked when they realized a severed head was inside . In an interview with HLN , Kornberg , the dog walker , said she was walking eight dogs when one of them , a golden retriever named Ollie , ran away from her . Kornberg was joined by her mother , who was walking her own dog . "  We were wandering the trail and the dogs are sniffing around , and he  Ollie  pulled away from me and made a beeline for some brush . He was barking , " Kornberg said . "  A few minutes later , he had something in his mouth , which he immediately dropped , " Kornberg said . The object rolled down the ravine , Kornberg said . Kornberg and her mother discovered it was a human head belonging to what she described as a white man . "  We were pretty much gasping , saying , ` Oh , my God ! ' I was shaking . It felt like a script , " Kornberg said . "  It still does n't feel real . " The secluded trails , adjacent to Griffith Park , are a favorite place for residents , including many celebrities , to walk their dogs or hike . The coroner 's office is examining whether the man was dead when the dismemberment occurred , and what kind of instrument may have been used to remove the head and limbs , Smith said . Police do n't have a theory on what happened . "  Right now , we 're keeping an open mind ... on why this poor person was dismembered and deposited up there , " Smith said . Detectives estimated the man had been dead since Sunday . Police are also checking recent missing-person reports for leads , Winter said . CNN 's Chuck Conder and Rosalina Nieves and HLN 's Selin Darkalstanian contributed to this report .	NEW : Dog walker who found the head first thought it was a Hollywood prop Head , feet and hands were hidden until wild animals found them , police say The body parts were found near the home of Brad Pitt Police suspect the man was killed elsewhere and dumped near the secluded trail
CNN  -- CNN : Do you remember the first time you smoked cigarettes ? HALL : The first time was on a camping outing with friends in North Carolina . One of my friends snuck them in . I was thirteen . That was the first time I tried a cigarette . It made me sick . Then , at seventeen , I started smoking to be with my friends and be with them . It did n't make me sick that time . it was pretty quick that I became addicted and within a year I was a pack-a-day smoker . CNN : Tell us about the photo of you when you were younger . HALL : That was my senior year in high school , right after I started smoking . CNN : At that age , did it ever occur to you that it might be dangerous ? What , if anything , did you know about the possible downsides of smoking ? HALL : I knew nothing . Absolutely nothing . It just made me feel grown up . I wish I had had someone like me come see me in school and talk to me about the dangers of tobacco . I think it would have changed my life . CNN : How long were you a smoker ? HALL : I smoked for 23 years . CNN : At your worst , how much did you smoke in a day ? HALL : Two packs a day . Video : Terrie Hall talks about how she discovered she had cancer and why she joined the ad campaign CNN : Tell me a bit about your life . HALL : I am divorced and I have one daughter in her thirties and a ten-year-old grandson . I do a lot of volunteer work and advocacy work . I go to the middle and high schools around North Carolina and talk about smoking and tobacco education and awareness . CNN : It 's clear in the ads that you 've been sick . Tell us about your condition today . How are you doing ? HALL : I 'm still undergoing treatment for cancer . My cancer initially started in my mouth and was discovered by my dentist and I had to go through radiation . The whole time I was going through radiation , I had a really bad sore throat and I thought I was just smoking too much . After the radiation was complete , in June 2000 , I lost my mother in August and in December I discovered the tumor on my larynx . They told me they were going to remove my voice box , but all I heard was cancer . I did n't hear the part about them taking something from me . So I woke up in ICU and the nurse asked me if she could get me anything , and I was in really bad pain , and I opened my mouth to speak and nothing came out . Not even a breath . I have a hole in my neck now , and I 'm called a laryngectomee . It 's just shocking . You ca n't wrap your mind around it . That 's when I faced the reality of what happened . That was my worst moment . That 's also when I quit , at age 40 in 2001 . Opinion : New anti-smoking ads a smart move CNN : Can you tell us a bit about the people you love most and how your journey has impacted them ? HALL : My daughter and grandson , my stepfather and my fellow laryngectomiees are the most supportive . My daughter is very proud of me . She recently quit smoking herself in January . It makes me feel wonderful ! They are very proud that I have taken a stand in a positive direction and that I am trying to help save other people 's lives . CNN : How did you become a part of the CDC ad campaign ? HALL : I was approached by Save organization , Survivors and Victims of Tobacco Empowerment . They gave my name to the CDC because of all that I had been through . Because of tobacco . It 's been more than my mind can wrap around , but I am excited about the possibilities and the numbers of lives this campaign can save is overwhelming . Related : Should smokers be targeted with educational ads ? CNN : What does it mean to you to be a part of this ? HALL : I feel very honored and I really appreciate the privilege to be a part of something so positive . And I know that it will save lives and I 'm glad to be a part of it . It 's real . We are all real victims of it , and we 're survivors . We did survive and we should get the word out to other people that this can happen to you too . Quit . If you never start , you never have to worry about stopping . It 's the number one preventable death . Related : CDC unveils graphic anti-smoking ads CNN : What do you hope the ad you 're featured in can accomplish ? HALL : I hope it gets the message out to young people and middle age people that this can happen to you . I only smoked for 23 years and that 's not that long to be diagnosed with any cancer . This is reality .	Terrie Hall of North Carolina is featured in harsh anti-smoking ad campaign Hall describes how 23 years of smoking led to her battling cancer Her worst moment was immediately after doctors removed her larynx She joined the ad campaign because "  it will save lives "
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Six gay men were shot dead by members of their tribe in two separate incidents in the past 10 days , an official with Iraq 's Interior ministry said . In the most recent attack , two men were killed Thursday in Sadr City area of Baghdad after they were disowned by relatives , the official said . The shootings came after a tribal meeting was held and the members decided to go after the victims . On March 26 , four additional men were fatally shot in the same city , the official said , adding that the victims had also been disowned by their relatives . The official declined to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to the media . Witnesses told CNN that a Sadr City cafe , which was a popular gathering spot for gays , was also set on fire .	In the most recent attack , two men were killed Thursday in Sadr City area of Baghdad Witnesses tell CNN a Sadr City cafe , also popular with gay men , was set on fire Shootings came after tribal meeting when members decided to go after the victims
CNN  Get ready , pop culture lovers ; 2015 is about to blow your minds . A new year means new stuff to count down to , obsess over and generally geek out about . From hotly anticipated films to celeb births , here are just a few things that we absolutely can not wait for : Marvel anything TV shows , movies , action figures . Marvel already owns the new year with "  Avengers : Age of Ultron " and "  Ant-Man " hitting theaters in the summer , ABC 's "  Marvel 's Agent Carter " on the small screen in January and Netflix 's "  Marvel 's A.K.A. Jessica Jones " later in 2015 . It 's a veritable superhero smorgasbord . ` Fifty Shades ' - finally We are super hot for the "  Fifty Shades of Grey " film out in February  just in time for Valentine 's Day  . If the trailer is any indication , Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan as prim Anastasia Steele and billionaire Christian Grey bring the heat . Fans of the novel have been fiending for it . Possible BeyJay album After their megasuccessful "  On the Run " tour and those breakup rumors that proved to be false , talk heated up that Beyonce and husband Jay Z are planning to drop a joint project . The pair have n't confirmed the chatter , but they have n't denied it , either . Fingers crossed ! ` Funny Girl " ' Author Nick Hornby has delighted us with novels like "  High Fidelity " and "  About a Boy , " so we have no doubts that "  Funny Girl " will be a winner , too . The plot centers around a young sitcom star in 1960s Britain . The book is due out in February . ` Better Call Saul , ' y' all Face facts : "  Breaking Bad " is not coming back . But the spinoff prequel , "  Better Call Saul , " will at least give us a dose of one of our favorite characters in the form of sleazy attorney Saul Goodman , played masterfully by Bob Odenkirk . ` Better Call Saul ' gets a premiere date -- and a new teaser The second royal baby Look at how doggone cute that toddler Prince George is with his chubby , rosy cheeks . The world eagerly awaits the new baby Windsor . Duchess Catherine and Prince William have confirmed that baby No. 2 is due in April . Oh , baby ! Celebrities who are expecting New tunes from the Red Hot Chili Peppers If bassist Flea is to be believed , the Red Hot Chili Peppers ' forthcoming album is going to make you move . "  It 's cool , " he told Rolling Stone of the project , which he hopes to debut in 2015 . "  It 's super danceable , funky s ** t and some real introspective , pretty stuff . It feels good , man , and it 's fun to play it . " The return of Toni Morrison The Nobel laureate will grace bookshelves with "  God Help the Child , " due in April . The novel about childhood trauma and a stunningly beautiful "  blue-black " woman named Bride is already a must-read . ` American Crime Story : The People v. O.J. Simpson ' Pretty much everything Ryan Murphy touches for FX turns to gold , so it will be interesting to see how his miniseries fares . The cast includes Oscar winner Cuba Gooding Jr. as Simpson , "  American Horror Story " vet Sarah Paulson as prosecuting attorney Marcia Clarke and "  Friends " star David Schwimmer as defense attorney Robert Kardashian . Can you see Cuba Gooding Jr. playing O.J. Simpson ? ` Star Wars : Episode VII ' There 's a ton riding on "  Star Wars : Episode VII - The Force Awakens " and plenty of time until it debuts in theaters in December to debate whether fans will love it or snub it . "  Star Wars " creator George Lucas is reportedly less than excited to see what director J.J. Abrams does with the latest addition to the franchise .	Marvel is probably going to rule the year A royal baby is expected Toni Morrison will release a new novel
U.S. law enforcement views the case of three teenage Colorado girls who wanted to join ISIS as a good opportunity to study how the militant group recruits young people in the West , U.S. law enforcement officials told CNN . Investigators have studied Twitter and other social media activities of the Colorado girls , particularly the eldest , who was active online discussing her gradual turn to conservative Islam . The case has yielded a trove of evidence that shows how ISIS is using Westerners already among its fold to directly communicate with new recruits via social media , the officials said . The FBI is homing in on specific online recruiters , including some believed to be in Turkey , and others in Syria and Iraq . These recruiters help provide how-to guides for Westerners who are inclined to travel and join the ISIS fight , the officials said . A law enforcement official said the recruiters were giving the teenage girls a road map of how to make it from Denver to Syria . Why is ISIS so successful at luring Westerners ? "  It 's alarming that American youths are being radicalized to such a degree they 're willing to jump into the great unknown , " one official said . Even after identifying those recruiters , however , the next step remains difficult : trying to find a way to arrest them . Most are thought to be out of reach of U.S. law enforcement . Last month , a girl of Sudanese descent and two girls of Somali descent skipped school in the Denver area and flew to Germany with plans to continue to Turkey , authorities said . The girls , 17 , 15 and 15 , wanted to join ISIS , the militant Islamist group , authorities said . One of their parents noticed his daughter 's passport missing and contacted authorities , who stopped the three girls in Germany and sent them back to the United States . About 2,000 Westerners have gone to fight in Syria , though not all for ISIS , a CIA source told CNN last month . ISIS recruitment efforts have posed a challenge to the FBI and other agencies trying to find a way to stop such recruitment . Unlike past radicalization cases , the FBI has n't found a U.S. recruitment network connecting ISIS to recruits . Instead they 're finding , as in the Colorado case , more diffuse connections . Was arrested teen on his way to join ISIS ? U.S. officials said friends of the Colorado teens noticed them change from seemingly carefree westernized high-schoolers to devout Muslims who rejected old friends and the regular cares of girls their age . But no one called attention to it until after the girls disappeared and became the subject of news stories . Officials said that while these teens decided to travel "  on their own , " and were not forced into anything , this case reflects the larger phenomenon of American teens being lured to fight with ISIS through social media . UK spy chief Robert Hannigan has said ISIS and other extremist groups use such platforms as Twitter , Facebook and WhatsApp to reach their target audience in a language they understand , Their methods include making use of popular hashtags for other stories in the news , such as Ebola or the World Cup , to disseminate their message , he said . They create slick videos and have learned that showing the full extent of their brutality turns people off , he said , hence their posting of videos of beheadings that stop short of showing the moment of death . U.S. winning fight against ISIS recruiting , official says	U.S. using case of 3 Denver teens as chance to study ISIS recruiting methods , officials say The girls skipped school and planned to fly to Turkey to join ISIS , authorities say UK spy chief says ISIS uses such platforms as Twitter , Facebook and WhatsApp
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- At least 28 people were injured in two explosions at an opposition rally in the Thai capital of Bangkok on Sunday , authorities said . A local journalist is among the injured , said Paradon Patthanathabut , the national security chief . The latest blasts came just two days after another pair of explosions wounded more than two dozen people at an anti-government rally on Friday . One man wounded at the protest Friday died Saturday , emergency officials said . Since demonstrations against Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra 's government began in November , nine people have died and more than 450 have been wounded , according to authorities . In a bid to resolve the current crisis , Yingluck dissolved parliament last month and called for new elections to be held on February 2 . But the move has done little to appease protesters . They have called on the Prime Minister to step down from her caretaker position and be replaced by an unelected "  people 's council , " which would see through electoral and political changes . The opposition Democrat Party has said it will boycott the elections . Protest leaders have said they want to rid Thailand of the influence of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , the older brother of Yingluck . Thaksin was ousted in a military coup in 2006 and has spent most of the time since then in exile overseas . If he returns , he risks a two-year prison sentence on a corruption conviction , which he says was politically motivated . The recent protests in Bangkok were prompted by a botched attempt by Yingluck 's government to pass an amnesty bill that would have opened the door for her brother 's return .	NEW : A man wounded from a blast at a protest Friday has died Nine people have died since protests started in November A number of violent incidents have flared around the protests Protesters want Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to step down
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court gave an Alabama death row prisoner another chance Wednesday to appeal his conviction after a mailroom mistake and other circumstances initially left him unable to pursue further claims in court . At issue was whether a missed deadline to file a key appeal provided justification to grant Cory Maples a second chance , when the error was not the inmate 's fault and the result would mean a punishment as serious as lethal injection . The justices ' 7-2 ruling was a setback for the state , and the inmate 's case now goes back to lower courts . "  The uncommon combination of mishaps in Maples ' case , we hold , provide just cause to excuse the procedural lapse in state court , " Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the majority . The compounding series of errors and negligence involved both state officials and the private attorneys once representing him . The prisoner 's new legal team , supported by some civil rights groups , argued the criminal justice system was being turned on its head by potentially allowing prisoners to suffer the consequences of their lawyers ' mistakes or incompetence . But state attorneys countered that long-established rules on filing often complex paperwork must be strictly enforced to ensure that all parties -- including the courts -- get a proper chance to hear the claims in an orderly fashion . And the state says that in this case , Maples ' initial appellate attorneys were from a blue-chip law firm in New York . Maples was convicted in the 1995 murder of two companions , Stacy Alan Terry and Barry Dewayne Robinson II , with whom he had been drinking heavily . Court records showed that Maples took a .22 - caliber rifle in his Decatur , Alabama , home and shot both men twice in the head , execution-style . He later confessed to police but offered no explanation for the crimes . He was convicted , and the jury recommended the death sentence by a vote of 10-2 . After the conviction , two attorneys from the law firm Sullivan & Cromwell , working on behalf of Maples for free , filed a motion in an Alabama court claiming ineffective assistance by the trial defense . The chain of errors may have begun when the appellate lawyers did not list the name of their firm in the papers filed in Alabama . When that court later sent two copies of its ruling denying the motion to the New York-based attorneys , the mailroom inexplicably sent them back unopened . The envelopes were labeled "  Return to Sender -- Left Firm " and "  Return to Sender -- Attempted Not Known . " Both lawyers had , in fact , left the firm , but no notice of new legal representation at the same firm was given to either the court or to Maples himself . A local lawyer in Alabama not heavily involved in the appeals also received the initial ruling , but he , too , did not follow up to ensure that the New York lawyers continued the necessary filings . By the time the mix-up was discovered , apparently thanks to inquiries by the inmate 's mother , Maples ' window for appeals had run out . The local judge was not sympathetic , saying the county clerk was not required to follow up or investigate why the key documents were sent back without acknowledgment . "  How can a circuit court clerk in Decatur , Ala. , know what is going on in a law firm in New York , N.Y. ? " Morgan County Circuit Judge Glenn Thompson asked in his ruling . Subsequent state and federal courts also refused to grant Maples another chance to file his appeals , saying the 42-day deadline was standard and non-negotiable . But the high court 's majority spread the blame on both the state and , especially , Maples ' attorneys . Ginsburg noted attorney "  negligence " alone rarely gives inmates a second chance in court to contest their convictions . But the court majority said this case presented an "  extraordinary " set of facts , including that Maples was "  abandoned " by his lawyers . "  They did not inform Maples or the Alabama court of that reality , " Ginsburg wrote . "  Through no fault of his own , Maples , an inmate on death row , was left unrepresented at a critical time for his state habeas petition . Moreover , he lacked any clue that he had better fend for himself . " The majority was also tough on the state 's refusal to give Maples a break in light of these circumstances . Justice Antonin Scalia disagreed . "  If the interest of fairness justifies our excusing Maples ' procedural default here , it does so whenever a defendant 's procedural default is caused by his attorney , " not the state , he said . "  That is simply not the law -- and can not be , if the states are to have an orderly system of criminal litigation conducted by counsel . " Justice Clarence Thomas joined in the dissent . This high court victory for Maples does not mean he will eventually receive the new trial he is seeking . Because so much of the facts and testimony of the various parties remains in question -- particularly the actions of the county clerk and the in-state attorney for Maples -- lower state and federal courts could be wrestling with this case for years . Sullivan & Cromwell employs about 800 lawyers , charges premium client rates , and does significant pro bono work on behalf of a variety of indigent prisoners . The firm is more than 130 years old . Among the 34 states with the death penalty , Alabama alone does not automatically give all its 200 or so current capital inmates taxpayer-funded legal assistance to file papers challenging their convictions , sentences and lethal punishment . Big out-of-state firms like Sullivan and Cromwell often step in and tackle the usually long and expensive appeals process . Lawyers for Maples say that missed deadlines , whatever the reasons , have occurred before and that some flexibility should be built into the system , especially when it involves crucial issues like habeas corpus and the death penalty . "  It 's really an almost unthinkable situation , and anyone , even the most ardent supporters of capital punishment , ought to be concerned about the result in this case and should not want a decision allowing a man to be executed in these circumstances , because that can only erode public confidence in the system of capital punishment , " attorney Gregory Garre , who is now working on the case , told CNN in a recent interview . Garre is from the Latham and Watkins law firm , hired to represent Maples before the Supreme Court in the new round of appeals . The case is Maples v. Thomas  10-63  .	An "  uncommon combination of mishaps " justifies allowing an appeal , the court says Cory Maples was unable to pursue appeals after a series of mistakes Justice Scalia , in dissent , says the ruling imperils the "  orderly system of criminal litigation "
Madrid  CNN  -- Catalonia 's November 9 independence referendum will not be held as planned due to the suspension of the vote by Spain 's Constitutional Court , Catalan President Artur Mas announced Tuesday in Barcelona . Mas said the decree he recently signed authorizing the referendum "  now has no effect , " given that the Constitutional Court has accepted the Spanish government 's appeal for study , automatically suspending the vote . The Spanish government , in appealing to the Constitutional Court , said the Catalan vote as planned for November 9 was unconstitutional because the constitution holds that all of Spain , not just one region such as Catalonia , must decide on the country 's future . Scottish independence vote closely watched Hundreds of thousands of Catalans have demonstrated in recent years for an independence referendum , and they closely watched the recent independence vote in Scotland . Even after Scotland voted to remain a part of the United Kingdom , many Catalans said the key issue was being able to vote in Catalonia on independence , which the Spanish government has opposed . Mas said there will still be a vote on November 9 , but it will be organized by the Catalan government under Catalan legislation that has not been blocked by the court . It will be called a "  consultation , " and will be conducted by volunteers , not the usual electoral officials . And the polling places will be only in Catalan regional government buildings , not at numerous other sites , such as at city halls , many of which had opposed the referendum . Unity in question Mas said the Catalan political parties -- including his nationalist Convergence and Union party -- that had favored the referendum and independence are no longer as united as they recently were on the issue . Leftist pro-independence parties have insisted that the November 9 referendum be held as planned , despite the court 's ruling , and some have called for a unilateral declaration of independence . On September 11 , Catalan national day , hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets of Barcelona for the third year in a row , demanding a vote on independence be held . Self-governance But Madrid argues that Catalonia , which represents one fifth of Spain 's economy , already has broad home-rule powers , including its own parliament , police force and control over education and health . And it insists that the Spanish Constitution does not allow any of Spain 's 17 regions to unilaterally break away . Catalonia is a region of northeastern Spain , with Barcelona -- the second-largest city in Spain -- as its capital . If there is eventually a referendum , voters are expected to be asked a two-part question : "  Should Catalonia be a state ? " And those who vote yes to that can then vote on the second question : "  Should that state be independent ? " Polls indicate that a majority of Catalans want to have a chance to vote but that less than a majority would vote for independence , given the chance .	There will be no independence referendum in November , Catalan president says Spain 's Constitutional Court suspended the vote to hear government 's appeal Catalonia , in northeastern Spain , already has its own parliament , police force
Cairo  CNN  -- Egypt sent hundreds of troops with armored vehicles onto the streets Wednesday to protect the Ministry of the Interior , the army taking over from the police , as anti-government protests raged . The confrontations began when a planned memorial for people killed in Egypt 's revolution earlier this year turned into an angry demonstration against the country 's interim military government . Clashes began Tuesday afternoon and continued overnight and into Wednesday , with intense confrontations between relatives of victims on one side and security forces on the other . Many Egyptians are angry at the slow pace of change since President Hosni Mubarak resigned on February 11 after protests . A group called the January 25 coalition issued a range of demands Wednesday night , a day after the demonstrations began . They called for the "  speedy trial of snipers and killers of protesters , the removal of Cairo 's head of security and the official spokesman of the Ministry of Interior " and "  an immediate investigation in the events of last night . " The group , named for the day anti-government protests began this year , also called for the release of detainees held overnight and the "  immediate expulsion of security officers who continue to butcher and kill Egyptian people , " among other demands . Protesters burned tires and threw Molotov cocktails , and police responded with tear gas , bullets and pellets in the biggest demonstrations in Cairo in months . But despite the efforts of police , demonstrators maintained their positions in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , increasing their numbers to about 2,000 . Dr. Hatem Ashraf , the minister of health , said 75 people were admitted to hospitals , with 10 still there after 65 people were treated and released . Ministry spokesman Dr. Adel Al Adawy said earlier that 32 police officers were injured and more than 590 people were treated at the scene of the clashes . Some 23 ambulances were running to help care for the wounded , he said . Nine people were arrested , said Alla Mahmoud , a spokesman for the Ministry of Interior . "  Thugs carrying swords and weapons infiltrated the protesters and attacked the Ministry of Interior with Molotov cocktails and rocks , " Mahmoud said . A makeshift clinic was established in a nearby mosque where dozens of people were treated for minor wounds and fatigue from inhaling tear gas . Many people were seen bleeding from their heads and had suffered bullet wounds to the chest and face . Several thousand protesters chanted against Gen. Mohamed Hussein Tantawi , who heads the Supreme Council of the Egyptian Armed Forces . The council has been running the country since Mubarak was forced to step down . The council said the demonstrations "  have no excuse but to destabilize the security and stability of Egypt . " The armed forces statement urged "  the great Egyptian people ... not to follow these calls ... for the sake of the security and safety of Egypt in these difficult circumstances . " Ambulances streamed out of the square in the aftermath , transporting protesters to hospitals , while others were treated on the scene . Noor Noor , the son of presidential candidate Ayman Noor , was seen bleeding with a serious injury to his eye and was later transferred to the hospital . The protesters blocked the entrances to the square as calls were made on the Internet for more people to join the cause . The imam of the nearby Omar Makram Mosque called via loud speaker for police to stop attacking the protesters , saying Tahrir Square belonged to "  the revolutionaries . " He also urged the demonstrators to go home . By late afternoon Wednesday , the square that was the center of the revolution was no longer blocked , but demonstrators remained at the Interior Ministry , the focus of much of the anger . The human rights group Amnesty International has estimated at least 840 people were killed and more than 6,000 wounded during the 18-day revolution that began in late January . The military-led government that took over when Mubarak resigned has been prosecuting several former officials accused of ordering security forces to fire on protesters . A police officer accused of killing 20 protesters during a January 28 demonstration has been sentenced to death . Former Interior Minister Habib El Adly has been sentenced to 12 years for corruption charges but still awaits the verdict for the charge of killing protesters . Mubarak is scheduled to face the Cairo Criminal Court on August 3 on charges of corruption and deaths of protesters , the justice department said Wednesday . Egypt 's military rulers have set parliamentary elections for September . Protests have continued in the months since Mubarak 's ouster as Egyptians have demanded speedier reforms and economic improvements . CNN 's Amir Ahmed and Journalist Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	NEW : An opposition group demands that officials be sacked over the crackdown Hundreds of people are treated at the scene and dozens end up in hospitals Police use tear gas and rubber bullets against protesters Tahrir Square was the heart of the revolt against then-President Hosni Mubarak
CNN  -- Monica Conyers , Detroit 's embattled City Council president pro tempore , pleaded guilty Friday to conspiring to commit bribery , a federal court representative in Michigan told CNN . Detroit City Council member , Monica Conyers , admits accepting bribes to sway a $ 1.2 billion contract vote . Conyers , 44 , admitted accepting bribes in exchange for her vote to sway the City Council to approve Synagro Technologies Inc. 's $ 1.2 billion contract in 2007 . It 's unclear when Conyers , the wife of U.S. Rep. John Conyers , began her relationship with Synagro , but court papers say she received money from Synagro until December 2007 . Conyers voted in favor of the wastewater treatment contract on November 20 , 2007 , the same day she received an envelope filled with cash from Detroit businessman Rayford Jackson , court papers say . Jackson pleaded guilty to providing Conyers with the money . He had been a paid consultant of Synagro . On December 4 , 2007 , Conyers received another envelope of cash from Jackson in a McDonald 's parking lot , said Terrence Berg , the U.S. attorney from the eastern district of Michigan . "  She was the swing vote in this deal , " Berg said . "  She used her power to get the deal done , and she acknowledged that . " The mood was somber at Conyers ' office on Friday , an official there told CNN . A few office workers cried . They found out about the developments through news reports , said Denise Tolliver , Conyers ' deputy chief of staff . "  We 've been going through this for a while , " Tolliver said . "  Reporters would ask us questions about anonymous sources , and we just did n't believe them . " Office workers were preparing for an afternoon meeting with City Council President Kenneth V. Cockrel Jr. later Friday . According to state law , Conyers will have to forfeit her seat , Tolliver said . Cockrel said there 's language in the law that makes it unclear whether she needs to forfeit her seat immediately or after sentencing "  It hurts the City Council 's image , for sure , " Cockrel said . "  But we need to remember , this is only one member of the council . You ca n't paint the entire council with the same brush . " For a seven-month period in 2008 , Cockrel replaced former Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick after Kilpatrick pleaded guilty to two counts of obstructing justice . During that time Cockrel terminated the city 's contract with Synagro because of rumors circulating about bribes , he said . Conyers faces a maximum penalty of five years in prison , according to prosecutors . Synagro would not comment on Conyers ' plea , but a spokeswoman said , "  We have cooperated fully with the federal investigation and will continue to do so . "	Detroit City Council president pro tempore admits taking bribes for contract Monica Conyers sealed $ 1.2 billion wastewater treatment deal , U.S. attorney says State law forces her to give up seat , she faces up to five years in prison Conyers is the wife of U.S. Rep. John Conyers
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's momentum has stopped and rebels have been able to hold onto areas that government forces had been poised to capture just a few days ago , a U.S. official said Monday . Gadhafi has declared a cease-fire , the official said , and the coalition is watching carefully to see if that declaration "  is a pledge or just words . " An opposition spokesman said Monday there is no cease-fire , at least not in Misrata , a key city about two hours east of Tripoli . The spokesman , Mohamed -- who would not divulge his last name out of concern for his safety -- said the destruction there is "  unimaginable " and that Misrata was bombarded heavily over the past four days by forces loyal to Gadhafi . "  He keeps talking about a cease-fire , but he has n't observed that for one minute here , " Mohamed said . Based on what he saw at a hospital , Mohamed said Monday 's death toll among civilians at the hands of pro-Gadhafi forces was 15 . Another 51 civilians died in weekend attacks by pro-Gadhafi forces , Mohamed said . Late Monday , state television reported that Misrata was firmly in the hands of government forces , and it urged residents to celebrate . The head of U.S. forces in Libya told reporters that coalition forces had made "  very effective " progress Monday toward their goal of enforcing a U.N. Security Council resolution intended to protect civilians from attack by forces loyal to Gadhafi . "  I assess that our actions to date are generally achieving the intended objectives , " said Gen. Carter Ham , commander of U.S. Africa Command . "  We think we have been very effective in degrading his ability to control his regime forces . " No Libyan aircraft has been observed operating since the military operations began over the weekend , he said . In addition , air attacks have stopped Libyan ground forces from approaching the eastern rebel stronghold of Benghazi , and some are even turning back from the city , he said . During the prior 24 hours , he said , U.S. and British forces launched 12 Tomahawk land attack missiles aimed at command-and-control facilities , a Scud surface-to-surface military facility and , in a repeat attack , an air defense site . Approximately 80 sorties were flown Monday , more than half of them by air forces representing countries other than the United States , he said . Air forces from France , Spain , Italy , Denmark and Britain flew missions to maintain a no-fly zone over Benghazi , Ham said . Actions on Monday were focused on extending the no-fly zone to al-Brega , Misrata and then to Tripoli , a distance of about 1,000 kilometers  more than 600 miles  . Canadian and Belgian forces joined coalition forces Monday , he said , and aircraft carriers from Italy and France have added "  significant capability " in the region . The coalition is also deciding who should be in charge of its military operations , Ham said . NATO could command the mission , but some Arab nations are hesitant to fly under a NATO banner and that has held up the move , said one official who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of negotiations . If Arab nations do n't sign on to a NATO mission , the other option would be to create an ad hoc command-and-control structure piece by piece , the defense official said -- but that would take time . Gadhafi 's compound in Tripoli lay in shambles Monday after an attack by the United States and its allies . Ham said the compound contains a command-and-control facility , which he said coalition forces attacked . Gadhafi himself has not been targeted and there are no plans to do so , Ham added . In fact , he said , "  I could see accomplishing the military mission , which has been assigned to me , and the current leader would remain the current leader . " Ham continued , "  I do n't think anyone would say that that is ideal . But I could envision that as a possible situation , at least for the current mission that I have . " U.S. President Barack Obama repeated Monday that Gadhafi "  needs to go , " but he acknowledged the strongman may remain in power for some time because the allied military mission in North Africa has a narrow mandate of protecting innocent civilians . Obama said he 's hopeful that other "  tools " the administration has used , such as freezing billions in Libyan assets , will eventually help the Libyan people push Gadhafi out . A press and information coordinator for rebels in Benghazi said rebel leaders do not want coalition forces to target Gadhafi . That , said Mohammed Fannoush , is the job of the opposition . He added the opposition has compiled a list of names of Gadhafi loyalists and imprisoned 150 of them in Benghazi for them eventually to stand trial . Some of them , he said , had carried out attacks against their fellow Benghazi residents or were planning to . Libya 's request for an emergency Security Council meeting about the matter was not approved Monday . The Security Council resolution , which passed Thursday , allows member states "  to take all necessary measures to protect civilians under threat of attack in the country ... while excluding a foreign occupation force of any form on any part of Libyan territory . " Support for the attacks was not universal . The Russian government said the mission has killed innocent civilians and urged more caution , and India , China , and Venezuela have also spoken out against the airstrikes . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon -- who met Saturday with Moussa and other world leaders to discuss Libya -- said support from Arab leaders was key to the Security Council 's decision . Arab League Secretary-General Amre Moussa told CNN Monday that the league 's vote on March 12 to support a no-fly zone does not mean that all Arab countries will participate . Yussuf bin Alawi bin Abdullah , Oman 's foreign minister , has said Arab League members agreed to support the no-fly zone despite reservations about military intervention . The Libyan government has said that 48 people , mostly women , children and clerics , have died in allied attacks . U.S. Vice Admiral Bill Gortney , however , said there is no indication of any civilian casualties . France -- which conducted the first strike in Libya on Saturday when fighter jets fired at a military vehicle -- also disputed claims of civilian deaths . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Virginia Nicolaidis , Pam Benson , Arwa Damon , Yousif Basil , Charley Keyes , Chris Lawrence , Jill Dougherty , Elise Labott , Paula Newton , Richard Roth , Maxim Tkachenko , Niki Cook and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report	There is no cease-fire in Misrata , a rebel spokesman says The coalition made effective progress Monday , a commander says Members are now deciding who should command the military mission There are no plans to target Gadhafi , the commander says
CNN  -- A brain-eating amoeba that lurks in fresh water has prompted warnings from Kansas officials after it killed a 9-year-old girl . Hally Yust was an avid water skier and spent the past few weeks swimming in several bodies of fresh water . She died last week from Naegleria fowleri , a brain-eating parasite that lives in warm , standing water . At Hally 's funeral Monday , her family wore matching T-shirts with the logo of her water-skiing club , CNN affiliate WDAF said . Relatives honored the young athlete by announcing the Hally Yust Women 's Basketball Scholarship at Kansas State University . "  Our precious daughter , Hally , loved life and part of her great joy was spending time playing in the water , " her family said in a statement . "  Her life was taken by a rare amoeba organism that grows in many different fresh water settings . We want you to know this tragic event is very , very rare , and this is not something to become fearful about . " ` It just causes destruction ' While Naegleria fowleri infections are rare , they can have devastating effects . "  The amoeba ... finds itself way back in our noses and then can work its way into our central nervous system , around our brains , " said Dr. William Schaffner of Vanderbilt University Medical Center . "  And once it 's there , it just causes destruction . " Symptoms usually show up five days after infection , the Kansas Department of Health and Environment said . In addition to a severe headache , fever , nausea and vomiting , Naegleria fowleri infections often cause death . More frequent in summer The cases are often reported in the summer , when more swimmers take a dip in fresh water . Last summer , 12-year-old Zachary Reyna of Florida became infected after he went knee-boarding in fresh water near his home . He later died . Also last summer , Kali Hardig of Arkansas went for a swim and was infected by the parasite . Despite incredible odds against her , Kali survived . Over the past 50 years , about 130 Naegleria fowleri infections have been reported . Of those , only three people -- including Kali -- have survived . While humans can get infected swimming in fresh water , people can not get infected from drinking water contaminated with the amoeba , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said . How to protect yourself The extreme rarity and randomness of infections can make it difficult to predict where they might occur . "  It is unknown why certain persons become infected with  Naegleria fowleri  while millions of others exposed to warm recreational fresh waters do not , including those who were swimming with people who became infected , " the CDC said . The Kansas health department advises swimmers to use nose plugs when swimming in fresh water . It also suggests not stirring up the sediment at the bottom of shallow freshwater areas and keeping your head above the water in hot springs and other untreated thermal waters . But Naegleria fowleri is far from the biggest danger in summertime water activities . While 34 people were infected with the amoeba in the U.S. between 2004 and 2013 , there were more than 34,000 drowning deaths in the United States between 2001 and 2010 , the CDC said .	9-year-old Hally Yust died after contracting Naegleria fowleri The amoeba can enter the nose , central nervous system and brain Only three out of 130 infected people have survived over the past 50 years Kansas health officials suggest wearing nose plugs in fresh water
CNN  -- As things have been going for Ukraine lately , Wednesday could easily go down as the best day yet for the new government of Arseniy Yatsenyuk . Topped by a high-profile Oval Office visit , it was a welcome distraction from a string of humiliations and provocations from Russia -- not least of which was the creeping occupation of the Crimea . If Yatsenyuk left Washington dissatisfied , he clearly was n't showing it . The visit brought promises of $ 1 billion of desperately needed loan guarantees , an immediate surge in U.S. bilateral assistance that ranges from a doubling of support for the May 25 presidential elections to increased academic scholarships and even Meals Ready to Eat  MREs  for the Ukrainian military . Read more : Senate committee approves Ukraine aid package , Russia sanctions Washington 's overtures came as the G7 group of nations and the European Union rallied to throw additional support to a beleaguered Ukraine . Aside from strong talk of more sanctions for Russia -- should a referendum branded illegal by the West and Ukraine go ahead this weekend -- there were gifts of $ 685-million in trade benefits from Brussels and hints of an accelerated signing of an EU Association Agreement after presidential elections . Yet , despite all that , Yatsenyuk , one of the most polished and articulate Ukrainian politicians of this generation , hinted that his new government is going to have to deal with autonomy demands -- both present and future - from pro-Russian regions . "  We need to start a nationwide dialogue on the autonomy of Crimea , " Yatsenyuk said at an Atlantic Council speech in Washington , D.C. . But he added that there are no legal grounds for Sunday 's referendum -- a referendum that he and the West see as a rogue act backed by pro-Russian thugs and a show of brute and unprovoked military force . "  This is an illegitimate , unconstitutional referendum , " Yatsenyuk said , echoing the talking points heard from the corridors of power in London , Brussels and Berlin . To his credit , Yatsenyuk and Ukrainian President Oleksandr Turchynov have , so far , come across as a national unity government of peace and reconciliation . As Yatsenyuk correctly noted , Kiev has resisted Russian provocations and has made real conciliatory gestures to the Russian majority in the east and south - for example not backing legislation limiting the use of the Russian language at the administrative-regional level . To say that the stakes are high is almost an understatement . With Russian military might also amassing on Ukraine 's eastern borders there was talk of the region even descending into a quagmire equal to that of "  another Afghanistan . " History of Western promises While the arrival of an unprecedented tide of Western support and rhetorical embrace has been received with glee in Ukraine , it is undeniable that the history of Western promises has been less than stellar . As one Diaspora member pointed out Wednesday , not one international pledging conference for Chernobyl has ever met its goal . Curious too that the West is acting only now , with Ukraine on the precipice and when Western experts have been warning for years that Putin has long since been developing separatist scenarios . And if the sentiments of ordinary Ukrainians in the Maidan Square are anything to go by , Western assistance has come too late . "  Any moment Putin could land a helicopter in here and destroy us , " said a pensioner from Dnipropetrovsk who was tending his tent Friday morning on the fringes of Maidan . Said another Maidan protester from western Ukraine : "  What was promised does n't make any difference to me . They 've promised in the past and then what ? " The precedent being set by the holding of a Crimea referendum is surely the main reason for the panic from the White House to Westminster . Brazen land grab In his Atlantic Council discussion , Yatsenyuk was asked how confident he was of receiving the Western support being promised to him . Yatsenyuk said the issue was one of global security . He cited the 1994 Budapest Memorandum -- inked by the U.S. , UK , Ukraine and Russia -- which guaranteed Ukraine 's territorial integrity in return for the dismantling of its massive Soviet-era nuclear arsenal . "  We executed this memorandum , " he said . "  And today we ask for the protection . If we do n't get this protection , tell me the way how the world is to reinforce or ask another countries to stop their nuclear programs . " Of course there are other international legal provisions which should prevent Russia from grabbing Ukrainian territory ; these include the provisions of the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe  CSCE  treaty and the U.N. Charter . But , as with the Budapest Memorandum , there are n't any clear enforcement mechanisms . International legal experts say they are hardly surprised by the Kremlin 's brazen land grab , pointing to what seems a long-term policy of strategic separatism in the Black Sea region . Lada Roslycky , a past fellow of the Harvard Black Sea Security Program , said that aside from violating national and international laws , the Crimea referendum is being held under the duress of Russian military occupation . "  The referendum , if recognized , will deface non-proliferation and support illegal Russian Federation operations elsewhere , " says Roslycky . Putin says Russia 's actions fall within the scope of the 1997 Friendship Treaty between Ukraine and the Russian Federation . But with Russia apparently in operational control of the Crimea it 's absurd to claim Ukraine 's territorial integrity has been respected . At the end of the day , it will be the actions of greater powers that will determine whether Putin blinks over his Crimea strategy . With talk of suspending Russia 's membership of the G8 and even of barring its participation in the World Cup , the Kremlin could decide to back down . But with Putin being quoted as saying such nonsense as Ukraine did not leave the former Soviet Union in a legal way , it is anyone 's guess what might happen next . The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Bociurkiw .	Ukraine 's interim PM Arseniy Yatsenyuk visited Washington and the White House this week He left with promises of loan guarantees , bilateral assistance as EU nations also rallied Michael Bociurkiw says it 's curious the West is only acting now Ukraine is on the precipice He says Western assistance may have come too late and it 's unclear what will happen
She did n't have enough power to maneuver and effectively trade artillery rounds with enemy vessels in the swift Savannah River . Instead , the locally produced CSS Georgia , a one-of-a-kind ironclad produced for the Confederacy during the Civil War , became a stationary floating battery , bristling with artillery pieces . She did her job . The Yankees , intent on taking Savannah , Georgia , refused to take on the CSS Georgia or other nearby defense obstructions . The CSS Georgia won the battle , but lost the war : The vessel was scuttled in December 1864 shortly before Union forces took Savannah and presented the city to President Abraham Lincoln as a Christmas present . The shipwreck has rested in the murky river since , rarely disturbed and having weathered the indignity of being hit during dredging a couple of times over the years . Ironclad Civil War sailors laid to rest 150 years later This week , U.S. Navy divers , working with archaeologists for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , retrieved a 64-square-foot section of the ironclad , a precursor to the long-anticipated removal and preservation of the shipwreck so the city 's vital shipping channel can be deepened . The Corps expects to spend an estimated $ 9.5 million on the project . The removal is expected to begin in summer 2014 , although funding has not been finalized . "  Over time the ship 's casemate , the iron-covered upper portion of the warship , came apart , " the Corps ' Savannah District said in a statement Wednesday . "  The small portion removed Tuesday will give archaeologists the ability to assess the condition of the remainder of the ship . " Shipwreck found on Gulf floor while thousands watched That remainder includes remaining cannon , pieces of the ship 's power plant and propeller shaft and two chunks of the casemate . Officials are excited because the recovery of the casemates -- the compartments where artillery pieces were housed -- is believed to be the first of a Confederate ironclad . One of the surviving casemates is huge : 68 feet by 24 feet . Full moon gets partial blame for Civil War general 's death Divers , who have only a few feet of visibility , have been assessing the CSS Georgia wreck , so they know what they will be facing next summer . The site is adjacent to Old Fort Jackson and the main shipping channel . "  This is just a small section . It was not cut off , " Corps public affairs specialist Sandra Hudson said of the piece recovered Tuesday . "  It was a small piece they found that would be the most viable to pull up . " Archaeologists have the challenge of preserving the CSS Georgia through chemical and other means , making her iron stable so that the remains one day can be displayed in museums . This 5,000-pound chunk of casemate , lifted by crane onto a barge , is being sent to Texas A&M University for archaeological testing , Hudson said . Civil War heirlooms bond families with past The remains of the CSS Georgia may answer some mysteries , including its dimensions and the manner of construction . The casemates were made of railroad iron . The vessel could handle 10 guns , though fewer were onboard when it was destroyed . There are no known blueprints for the ironclad , which was produced in Savannah in 1862 as part of a defensive naval squadron . Its wreckage straddles the borders of Georgia and South Carolina . According to the Corps , Savannah 's harbor will be deepened from 42 feet to 47 feet , "  greatly expanding its capability to handle larger cargo vessels . " The ongoing expansion of the Panama Canal means bigger ships will need deeper water at ports around the United States . If things go as planned , the remains of the CSS Georgia and associated artifacts will be on the surface before the 150th anniversary of its sinking . 12 fascinating Civil War sites	The CSS Georgia never fired a shot in anger during the Civil War She was scuttled rather than left to fall into Union hands during the war Now the ironclad must be moved so a shipping channel can be deepened
Atlanta  CNN  -- Authorities are investigating the death of a Georgia state trooper late Monday after he was shot following a traffic stop in northwest Atlanta , an agency spokesman said . A suspect has been arrested , said spokesman Gordy Wright . Trooper Chadwick LeCroy , 38 , who was shot twice in the face , died while being transported to a local trauma unit , Wright said . The suspect escaped in the trooper 's patrol car , which was found abandoned about half a mile away . The suspect was taken into custody with help from the Cobb County Police . LeCroy , of Marietta , is survived by his wife and two sons , ages 8 and 21 . He became a trooper in August 2008 . The killing is being investigated by the Georgia State Patrol , the Georgia Bureau of Investigation , Atlanta Police and Cobb County Police .	Trooper Chadwick LeCroy is shot twice in the face Chadwick dies en route to hospital He graduated from trooper school in 2008
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration sent mixed signals Wednesday on its stance on a no-fly zone in Libya , with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton saying U.N. backing was essential while White House spokesman Jay Carney left the door open to the United States acting unilaterally or in concert with NATO allies . Some critics , as well as top Democrats such as Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts , have called for a stronger U.S. response to the Libya violence , including the possible imposition of a no-fly zone that would prevent Libyan military aircraft from attacking the Libyan people . President Barack Obama has made clear he wants any military response to come from the international community , to prevent Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi from blaming the United States for his predicament . Clinton emphasized that point Wednesday in an interview with CBS News , saying the administration seeks to avoid "  any room for anyone , including Col. Gadhafi , to say that ` This is n't about my people , this is about outsiders . ' " She noted that the British and French governments were bringing a draft resolution on international action to the United Nations , saying : "  I think it 's very important that there be a U.N. decision on whatever might be done . " "  We believe it 's important that this not be an American , or a NATO , or a European effort . It needs to be an international one , " Clinton said . Approval by the U.N. Security Council for international military intervention in Libya , including a no-fly zone , is considered unlikely due to expected opposition from China and Russia . Both countries are believed to be reluctant to set a precedent of U.N.-supported military action in an internal conflict . Clinton acknowledged opposition to a no-fly zone from within the U.N. Security Council , but said efforts continued to come up with an acceptable package . She also emphasized the need to have Arab nations and bodies such as the Arab League in support . A few hours later , Carney told reporters at the White House that U.N. backing was just one possible form of the international support sought for any military intervention in Libya . "  It is our strong preference in this situation and many others that we act together with our international partners , " said Carney , who then added that "  we always reserve the right , NATO does rather , as does the United States , to act on our own . " At the State Department , spokesman Mark Toner also stopped short of insisting on U.N. backing , instead saying : "  It 's always desirable . " In a letter dated March 5 to the U.N. General Assembly , Libya 's Interim Transitional National Council -- the opposition movement seeking to oust Gadhafi -- asked for the international community to "  fulfill its obligations to protect the Libyan people from any further genocide and crimes against humanity without any direct military intervention on Libyan soil . " Carney and other administration officials contend the United States already has moved quickly in the crisis by freezing $ 30 billion in U.S. assets of Gadhafi , supporting further U.N. sanctions on Libya and sending military aircraft to help transport foreign nationals who fled the fighting there . At the same time , top U.S. defense officials including Defense Secretary Robert Gates warn that imposing such a no-fly zone amounts to an act of war that requires major resources and political will . On Wednesday , Carney reiterated the White House stance that all options remain on the table regarding Libya , and he specified that a possible no-fly zone was being actively discussed by both the United States and NATO . Overall , though , the Obama administration has tried to downplay the possibility of imposing a no-fly zone without significant international backing , especially from the Arab world . Asked about it Sunday on the NBC program "  Meet the Press , White House Chief of Staff Bill Daley complained that people calling for such a move "  talk about it like it 's a game or a video game or something . " Obama , in response to questions about the U.S. response in Libya , told reporters last week that that it was important to ensure that the Libyan people feel "  full ownership " for any transformation and cited Egypt 's recent revolution as an example . "  We did not see anti-American sentiment arising out of that movement in Egypt precisely because they felt that we had n't tried to engineer or impose a particular outcome , but rather they owned it , " Obama said .	Clinton : U.N. backing is important White House : U.S. , NATO have the right to act unilaterally Approval from the U.N. Security Council is considered unlikely
CNN  -- Journalists Laura Ling and Euna Lee told Ling 's sister they were treated humanely in North Korea , and they believe they were n't sent to hard-labor camps because they have medical conditions , Lisa Ling said Friday . Lisa Ling , left , and her sister , Laura , center , speak to their father Wednesday after Laura arrived in California . The sister , speaking on CNN 's "  American Morning , " did not elaborate on the medical conditions , but said her sister will soon tell her story . "  Laura is eager to tell the story about what happened . I want to let her do so , but right now , she 's really getting reacclimated . The processes are slow . She 's very , very weak , " Lisa Ling said , adding that the stories she 's heard so far are "  jaw-dropping . " Laura Ling and Lee were working for California-based Current TV , a media venture of former Vice President Al Gore , when they were arrested in March for crossing the border between China and North Korea . Watch Lisa Ling share her sister 's story " Lisa Ling said that before they left the United States , the pair never intended to cross into North Korea . They have acknowledged that they briefly did , however , and they were convicted of entering the country illegally to conduct a "  smear campaign " against the reclusive Communist state . They were sentenced in June to 12 years of hard labor . North Korea 's leader , Kim Jong Il , pardoned the women Tuesday after meeting with former President Bill Clinton . They arrived home the following day . Lisa Ling said her sister was allowed to call the family on four occasions during her five months in captivity . On the last call , Laura Ling specifically requested that Clinton intervene . "  She said that in her opinion -- quote , unquote -- it would have to be President Clinton . It could only be President Clinton to secure the release of herself and Euna . We immediately jumped into action and alerted Vice President Gore , " Lisa Ling said . When their release was secured , they promptly boarded a plane home . Clinton wanted them to rest because they were clearly tired , "  but the two of them were chatting away and comparing their experiences , " Lisa Ling said . Laura Ling and Lee went to see doctors Thursday , the sister added . Laura Ling is "  doing well , " and Lee is "  skinny , " Lisa Ling said , joking that her mother tried to force-feed Lee on Thursday "  because she 's just become so diminutive . " The women also are slowly working to assimilate to their freedom . They were kept at opposite ends of the same North Korean detention facility , and though Laura Ling had two guards in her room at all times , she would sometimes go weeks without talking to anyone . Watch as Lisa Ling describes the pair 's condition " "  So even communicating is a challenge because she sometimes yesterday was even having a hard time getting full sentences out , so it 's a slow adjustment , " Lisa Ling said . On Thursday , Lisa Ling told CNN that her sister was "  incredibly emotional " and did n't want to be left alone after months of "  relative isolation . " "  Yesterday , she was so exhausted and she wanted to take a quick nap . She kept asking me : ` Are you going to be here when I come back ? ' " the sister said Thursday . Emotions have run high in Lee 's home as well , Lisa Ling said . Watch the journalists ' family reunions " "  I hear from Euna 's husband , Michael , that Hana , their 4-year-old daughter , has not wanted her mother to leave her sight , " she said . "  She just keeps following her around from room to room because she does n't want her mom to leave . " Lee and her husband went to Laura Ling 's house Thursday night for their first pizza since being released , Lisa Ling said Friday . "  The thing that was so wonderful to see was little Hana , " she said . "  I have never seen her so happy , and we all sort of remarked that it was just a beautiful thing . " Lisa Ling said her sibling will soon share her "  powerful " story , perhaps in an op-ed piece , but she needs space right now . Lisa Ling , meanwhile , is elated that her sister and Lee are safe . She said she always knew they would come home . "  I believe in the fundamental goodness , " she said . "  I knew in my heart that at some point , Laura and Euna would be returned back to us . I did n't know when it would happen , but I never lost that hope . "	NEW : Sister : Euna Lee "  skinny , " Laura Ling struggling to talk because of isolation NEW : Laura Ling told family , "  It would have to be President Clinton , " Lisa Ling says Laura Ling plans to detail what transpired , sister says Euna Lee 's daughter keeps following her , Lisa Ling says
CNN  -- The nation of Greece has come to a screeching halt again . Unions have called for a 48-hour general strike beginning Tuesday ahead of an anticipated vote by the Greek government on yet another round of austerity measures the following day . Protesters filed past parliament , their banners and Greek flags flapping in the air over their heads . Greek media are expecting a cliffhanger in parliament late Wednesday night , with passage of the austerity measures by just a handful of votes . Analysis : Greece 's misery wo n't end with bailout If legislators do not pass the measures , it will endanger the payout of the next international bailout installment of 31.5 billion euros , which the government desperately needs to stay in operation . Without the funds , it says it will run out of money by mid-November . But Greeks are furious about the effects of multiple rounds of belt-tightening , which have resulted in cuts to pensions and pay and seen unemployment in Greece 's fifth year of recession soar to over 25 % . More than one-fifth of the population could face poverty , defined as a family of four on an income of 13,842 euros  about $ 17,500  per year , state news agency AMNA has reported . Critics of austerity have called for economic stimulus programs instead , like those implemented in the United States . The two-day general strike will shut down transportation across the country , including ships and taxis , said AMNA , which is joining the strike along with other media outlets for four and a half hours Tuesday . Hospitals are striking both days , and pharmacies will close all day Wednesday . Government offices are shuttering for the extent of the strike . About 35,000 demonstrators turned out in Athens , Greek police spokesman Panagiotis Papapetropoulos said . The street protest remained peaceful , without any of the disturbances that have marred other demonstrations in recent months . Wednesday is expected to draw the larger crowd of demonstrators as the vote approaches . If Greece is to stay the course laid out by the so-called troika -- the European Commission , the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund -- more budget cuts will be necessary , as the country 's debt woes are worse than previously believed . Recent budget projections for the Greek government exceed the worst-case scenarios envisioned by international lenders when they agreed to a bailout , according to a Financial Times report published by CNN . The hardship many Greek people are suffering has resulted in dogged opposition in parliament to deeper cuts , including within the ruling coalition . The Democratic Party of the Left , or DIMAR , one of three parties making up the coalition headed up by Prime Minister Antonis Samaras , has said it will abstain in the vote on the new round of austerity measures , turning in blank ballots . But it plans to vote Sunday to approve the government 's new budget . Samaras ' own center-right New Democracy party is expected to vote in favor of the package . Although the third coalition member -- the socialist party Pasok -- supports the cuts , individual party members have come out against them and could defect , putting the vote in jeopardy . Radical leftist party Syriza , bitterly opposed to austerity and closely connected to Greek unions , calls on its website for Greeks to demonstrate against the "  rape " of democracy and the dashing of the hopes of the people . Samaras warned that if the measures do n't pass and international funds do n't arrive , the nation could plunge into chaos . He is pushing for Greece to receive more than the 31.5 billion euros expected in the latest installment "  so that there is a significant effect on the real economy . " Greece , and particularly Athens , has seen repeated street demonstrations against the austerity measures imposed on the nation , some of which have turned violent . Journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	NEW : Police estimate 35,000 people turned out for a peaceful protest in Athens A 31.5 billion-euro bailout installment is due from the European Union and IMF The Greek parliament is required to pass new austerity measures beforehand Local media say the vote will be a cliffhanger , with narrow passage expected
CNN  -- Eight people have died from a rare , noncontagious form of meningitis linked to contaminated steroid injections , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Monday . In addition , 105 people in nine states have been infected with the illness as a result of the shots , the CDC said . The number of reported cases has increased significantly in recent days as federal and state authorities continue to investigate the outbreak . As many as 13,000 people may have received the medicine between May 21 and September 24 , a spokesman for the CDC told CNN . Tennessee is reporting the most number of overall cases , with 35 infections and four deaths , according to the CDC . "  In our state we estimate there are about 1,000 people who we believe are at risk , " said Tennessee Commissioner of the Department of Health Dr. John Dreyzehner . "  In other words they have potentially received some of the contaminated medication . " He told reporters Monday that because not enough was known about the incubation period for the disease , his department continues to stay in contact with people who might have been exposed . Dreyzehner said there have n't been any new exposures since the department contacted clinics in the state two weeks ago about the contaminated injections . The number of cases grows as the state learns of more people with meningitis , he explained The fourth death reported in Tennessee on Monday occurred in late September , he said . The patients contracted the deadly fungal meningitis after being injected in their spines with a preservative-free steroid called methylprednisolone acetate that was contaminated by a fungus . The steroid is used to treat pain and inflammation . What is meningitis ? The New England Compounding Center  NECC  , the Massachusetts-based pharmacy that made the contaminated injections , voluntarily recalled three lots of the injected steroid last week . On Saturday , the same pharmacy announced a voluntary nationwide recall of all its other products as well . NECC said that the new recall was being announced out of an abundance of caution and that there is no indication any of its other products are contaminated . The Food and Drug Administration has already asked doctors , clinics and consumers to stop using any of the pharmacy 's products . The pharmacy on Wednesday voluntarily surrendered its license to operate until the FDA investigation into the contamination is complete . Health officials say 75 medical facilities in 23 states received the contaminated steroid injections from NECC . List of medical facilities that received the contaminated injections Other than Tennessee deaths have been reported in Maryland , Michigan and Virginia . There are also confirmed cases in Florida , Indiana , Minnesota , North Carolina , and Ohio . CDC : State-by-state breakdown of meningitis cases The other states that received the contaminated products from NECC are California , Connecticut , Georgia , Idaho , Illinois , New Hampshire , New Jersey , Nevada , New York , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Carolina , Texas and West Virginia . Federal health inspectors began inspecting the NECC plant last Monday . Inspectors found foreign particles in unopened vials , and after testing one of the unopened vials , they determined the substance was a fungus . The investigation is still under way . Nearly 10 % of drugs administered in the United States come from compound pharmacies , according to a 2003 Government Accountability Office report . Drugs manufactured by compound pharmacies do not have to go through FDA-mandated premarket approval . Instead , state health pharmacy boards are responsible for the oversight and licensing of these pharmacies . Compound pharmacists create customized medication solutions for patients for whom manufactured pharmaceuticals wo n't work , according to the International Academy of Compounding Pharmacists . Meningitis is an inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord . It is usually caused by an infection , frequently with bacteria or a virus , but it can also be caused by less common pathogens like fungi , according to the CDC . Fungal meningitis is very rare and , unlike viral and bacterial meningitis , it is not contagious . Symptoms of fungal meningitis are similar to symptoms from other forms of meningitis , but they often appear more gradually and can be very mild at first , the CDC says . Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at Vanderbilt University Medical Center , told CNN that fungal infections are not usually mild . He said when a fungus invades small blood vessels , it can cause them to clot or bleed , which can lead to symptoms of small strokes . In addition to typical meningitis symptoms like headache , fever , nausea and stiffness of the neck , people with fungal meningitis may also experience confusion , dizziness and discomfort from bright lights . Patients might just have one or two of these symptoms , the CDC says . Health officials say any patients who received an injection at one of the facilities beginning May 21 and who began showing symptoms between one and three weeks after being injected should see their doctor right away . The earlier a patient gets treatment , the more likely he or she will survive . Patients are treated with anti-fungal medication , which is given intravenously , so patients have to be admitted to the hospital , the CDC said . Patients may need to be treated for months . The FDA is urging anyone who has experienced problems following an injection with the NECC product to report it to MedWatch , the FDA 's voluntary reporting program , by phone at 1-800-FDA-1088 or online at www.fda.gov/medwatch/report.htm . CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen and Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	NEW : CDC : As many as 13,000 people may have received medicine No new exposures have occurred in recent weeks , Tennesse official says Patients have contracted meningitis after receiving contaminated steroid injections Nine states have reports of this rare , noncontagious form of the disease
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Heavy rains and flooding have forced hundreds of thousands of people from homes in southern Mexico 's state of Tabasco over the past four days , with nearly as many trapped by the rising waters , state officials said Thursday . Officials say about 300,000 people are still trapped by the worst flooding in the region for 50 years . The Grijalva River pushed over its banks through the state capital of Villahermosa on Thursday , forcing government workers to evacuate and leaving up to 80 percent of the city flooded , Gov. Andres Granier 's office told CNN . About 700,000 people have seen their homes flooded , with about 300,000 of those still trapped there , Granier 's office reported . One death had been blamed on the floods , which followed weeks of heavy rain in the largely swampy state . Tabasco borders Guatemala to the south and the Gulf of Mexico to the north . The Associated Press reported that thousands of people clung to rooftops , huddled inside waterlogged homes or hunkered down in shelters in an attempt to survive the worst flooding the region has seen in 50 years . Weather forecasters predicted more rain in the coming days . The flooding was not related to Tropical Storm Noel , which was pounding the Caribbean . The Grijalva River , one of two large waterways ringing Villahermosa , has risen 6.5 feet  2 meters  above its "  critical " level and gushed into the city 's center , according to AP . Authorities said some of the rivers were continuing to rise . President Felipe Calderon visited the area on Wednesday and promised the federal government 's full support . Non-governmental organizations throughout the country asked people to donate non-perishable goods or cash , AP said . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	One dead as hundreds of thousands flee rising floodwaters About 80 percent of the city of Villahermosa is under water Tabasco and Chiapas states hardest hit Authorities say 700,000 affected and 300,000 still trapped by flooding
CNN  -- Flooding and resulting landslides killed 137 people Thursday and Friday in this nation 's northern provinces , including Baguio City , Benguet Province and Mountain Province , the Office of Civil Defense in Cordillera said Friday . A boatman transports three empty wooden coffins on the edge of Laguna Lake east of Manila on Thursday . Another 43 people were missing and 45 were injured , it said . Landslides blocked traffic along the Marchos Highway , Naguilian Road , Kennon Road and Ambuklao Road , cutting access to Baguio City , Benguet Province and Mountain Province , it said . The floods were unleased by tropical depression Parma , which had been downgraded from a typhoon . Earlier reports from Rocky Baraan , provincial administrator of Pangasinan , said flooding had inundated 32 towns and two cities , Dagupan and Urdaneta . Some 35,000 people had fled to evacuation centers , the official Philippines News Agency reported , citing the Provincial Disaster Coordinating Council . The worst-hit areas included Bayambang , Alcala and Basista , the news agency reported . People clambered onto rooftops as floodwaters rose , calling and texting for help . Rescue trucks were hampered by floodwaters that reach the roofs of single-story houses , Baraan said . About 16 rubber rescue boats had been deployed . Since the rains started in central Luzon , three dams in the Pangasinan area have been releasing vast amounts of water -- up to 10 million cubic meters per hour at one dam , dam officials said . Water passing through the three dams -- the Ambuklao , the Binga and the San Roque -- is rushing into the Agno River , which has been swollen since Thursday and affects seven towns in eastern Pangasinan , dam officials said . Water released from the San Roque dam has contributed to the flooding in eastern Pangasinan , acknowledged Alex Palada , division manager for flood forecasting and warning of the National Power Corporation . Dam officials had no choice but to maintain safe water levels , he added , noting that he alerted Pangasinan Governor Amado Espino . The governor started to evacuate residents Thursday when the Agno River started to rise , Palada said . In the last several days , water has become the Philippines ' biggest enemy , as Parma , locally known as "  Pepeng , " dumped as much as 36 inches  91.4 centimeters  of rain in some parts of the nation of islands , compounding misery in areas already flooded by earlier storm Ketsana . Parma was forecast to have winds of no greater than 39 mph  63 kph  by Friday . The U.S. Navy was expected to join rescue operations in Pangasinan , according to the agency . Journalist Lilibeth Frondoso and CNN 's Judy Kwon contributed to this report .	137 people dead in provinces , including Baguio City , Benguet and Mountain Floods were unleased by tropical depression Parma Report : Worst-hit areas in Pangasinan province are Bayambang , Alcala and Basista
San Bernardino , California  CNN  -- A deadly tour bus crash in the Southern California mountains left at least eight people dead and dozens injured Sunday , officials said . The difficult terrain hampered rescue efforts in San Bernardino County , east of Los Angeles , as authorities tried to extricate some of the victims . Though the early death toll stood at eight , that number is expected to rise , California Highway Patrol Officer Mario Lopez said . Authorities believe the bus rear-ended a sedan , crashed with a pickup truck pulling a trailer and rolled over about 6:30 p.m.  9:30 p.m. ET  . The incident took place in a mountainous area of State Route 38 , between Mentone and Forest Falls , San Bernardino Fire Department spokesman Eric Sherwin said . At least 42 people suffered injuries ranging from minor to severe , he said . A parade of ambulances snaked down a narrow , sloping highway Sunday night , waiting to transport the dozens injured . The highway was reduced to one lane for both inbound and outbound ambulances , which had to contend with a downhill grade and winding roads . By late Sunday night , all passengers had been removed from the bus , Sherwin said . The cause of the crash was not immediately known . Lopez identified the bus company as Scapadas Magicas of National City , California . The company did not immediately return a request for comment early Monday . Federal safety records indicate Scapadas Magicas had no reported crashes in the two-year reporting period leading up to Sunday . The company received a "  satisfactory " rating in a safety review last month . Investigators pored over the debris with flashlights overnight and Monday morning , searching for clues . But evidence of a rollover seemed abundantly clear : The top of the bus over the driver 's seat was caved in , and part of the roof was ripped open . CNN 's Holly Yan and Emily Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities identify the bus company ; safety records indicate it 's "  satisfactory " A patrol officer says he expects the death toll to rise At least 42 are injured from the crash in San Bernardino County Ambulances take turns on one lane of a mountainous road
