CNN  Australian-born actor Rod Taylor , who starred in Alfred Hitchcock 's thriller , "  The Birds , " died this week in Los Angeles . Taylor was 84 . He died at home Wednesday surrounded by his family and loved ones , his daughter , Felicia Taylor , said in a statement . No cause of death was given . "  My dad loved his work . Being an actor was his passion -- calling it an honorable art and something he could n't live without , " she said . Rod Taylor appeared in dozens of films , including "  The Time Machine , " "  The Train Robbers " and "  Sunday in New York . " "  There are so many incredible feelings I have for him , " said Tippi Hedren , his co-star in "  The Birds . " "  Rod was a great pal to me ... we were very , very good friends , " she said . "  He was one of the most fun people I have ever met , thoughtful and classy , there was everything good in that man . " Taylor was born in Sydney -- the only child of a steel contractor father and a writer mother . He attended a fine arts college and a theater school in his hometown before heading to Hollywood in the 1950s . Once there , his star kept rising with various high-profile roles in movies such as "  The Train Robbers " and "  The Catered Affair . " In his final role , he played Winston Churchill in the 2009 movie , "  Inglourious Basterds , " with Brad Pitt . Taylor is survived by his wife of more than three decades , Carol , and his daughter , Felicia , a former CNN News correspondent . People we 've lost in 2015 CNN 's Veronica George contributed to this report	Australian-born actor Rod Taylor was the male lead in an Alfred Hitchcock movie He died at home surrounded by his family and loved ones
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Law officers in California detained troubled actress Amanda Bynes for a mental health evaluation Monday night , the Ventura County Sheriff 's Office said Tuesday . The 27-year-old actress was "  involved in a disturbance in a residential neighborhood " in Thousand Oaks , a city about 40 miles west of Los Angeles , Sheriff 's Capt. Don Aguilar said . The incident began with an emergency call to the fire department that a gas can was burning in a residential driveway at about 8:30 p.m. , Ventura County Fire Department Capt. Scott Dettorre said . Bynes has had her share of legal problems lately . She faces three misdemeanor charges relating to an incident involving a bong allegedly tossed from her Manhattan apartment in May . Amanda Bynes in trouble , again She also has a driving under the influence case pending in Southern California , while a pair of separate hit-and-run charges against her were dismissed last year . She was sentenced to three years ' probation for driving on a suspended license in May . A young teenager when she burst on the scene as the lead in Nickelodeon 's "  The Amanda Show , " Bynes also starred alongside Jennie Garth in the sitcom "  What I Like About You . " She later scored roles in movies , including "  Hairspray " and "  Easy A. " Police knock down Bynes sex harassment claim CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	NEW : The incident began with a call about a gas can burning in driveway , official says Actress "  involved in a disturbance in a residential neighborhood , " official says Amanda Bynes has had her share of legal problems lately
CNN  -- Thousands of people who fled fighting in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo are crossing back into rebel-held territory because they say conditions at refugee camps are intolerable . A crowd of refugees gathers at the entrance to a USAID center near Goma in the Democratic Republic of Congo . With no food , water or sanitation in the camps , people have decided that it is worth the risk to return to their homes , even though rebels killed and raped many people just last week , residents told ITN 's Jonathan Miller , who is near the city of Goma . Many of their villages have been looted and emptied of people by the rebels , they said . Roads were filled with people returning to rebel-held territory , carrying their belongings on their heads or on their backs . However , others , fearful of fresh violence , continued to leave their homes , overwhelming aid centers . See photos of the refugee camps " Aid groups were expected to travel into the Congo 's rebel-held territory on Sunday to help tens of thousands of people displaced by the latest bout of rebel fighting . On Saturday , aid groups delivered food and water to a refugee camp north of Goma , traveling through a narrow "  humanitarian corridor " the rebels established following a cease-fire with government forces that the rebels announced Wednesday . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said the international community can not allow Congo to become "  another Rwanda , " where 800,000 died during a 1994 genocide . Western diplomats shuttled between Goma -- the scene of some of the worst fighting -- and Kigali , in neighboring Rwanda , to meet with leaders in order to get a peace process back on track . Watch the diplomatic efforts " "  The immediate needs are obvious , " said British Foreign Secretary David Miliband and French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner in a joint statement Sunday . "  We saw them yesterday . The cease-fire last Wednesday needs to be bolstered , " Miliband and Kouchner said . "  The humanitarian needs for food , shelter , water and health care must be met through universal provision and secure routes for delivery . " The cease-fire seemed to be holding Sunday , but both sides appeared to be massing troops near the cease-fire line . Government soldiers flew in from the capital Kinshasa and deployed in the jungle , and rebels were out in force on their side of the line . ITN reporter Miller heard intermittent firing from the hills that mark the line where the two sides face off only a few hundred yards apart . A small contingent of United Nations troops in the area donned flak jackets and helmets in response . Watch report on gunfire near cease-fire line " Miller said it was not clear if the two sides were firing at each other . The latest fighting broke out on October 24 when Congolese rebels led by renegade Tutsi General Laurent Nkunda launched renewed attacks in the eastern province of North Kivu . It came days after a tenuous week-old U.N.-brokered cease-fire between rebels and government forces fell apart . The fighting between Nkunda 's rebels and Congolese army regulars displaced thousands of civilians almost immediately , the United Nations said . Many of the displaced fled to Goma , the capital of North Kivu , which borders Rwanda and Uganda . Nkunda is the leader of the National Congress for the Defense of the People . His rebel forces declared a cease-fire late Wednesday after four days of fighting . The fighting is based on ethnic grievances . Nkunda says he is fighting to protect his Tutsi community from attacks by Rwandan Hutu rebels . During the 1994 genocide in Rwanda , the country 's Hutu majority killed 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus , according to the United Nations . When Tutsis came to power in Rwanda , many Hutus crossed the border into Congo . They were afraid to return home , fearing they would be targeted for revenge by Tutsis , so they remained in the jungles of eastern Congo , where they preyed on local residents . In May 2005 , it was reported that Rwandan Hutu rebels in eastern Congo carried out hundreds of summary executions , rapes , beatings and kidnappings of Congolese civilians in the province of South Kivu , according to GlobalSecurity.org . Nkunda , a Tutsi , has repeatedly blamed the Congolese government for failing to protect the Tutsis from attacks by Rwandan Hutus . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	There is no food , water or sanitation in the refugee camps Aid groups expected to travel into rebel-held territory in DR Congo British PM warns world can not allow Congo to become "  another Rwanda " Four-day old cease-fire announced by the rebels seems to be holding
CNN  -- Japan says it will hunt whales in the Southern Ocean this winter and will send a Fisheries Agency ship to guard its whalers against promised intervention by a conservation group . "  The Fisheries Agency will send a patrol boat and take increased measures to strengthen the protection given to the research whaling ships , " Fisheries Minister Michihiko Kano said at a news conference Tuesday . At its annual meeting in July , the International Whaling Commission passed a resolution calling on its member countries "  to cooperate to prevent and suppress actions that risk human life and property at sea . " Last winter , Japan cut short its planned December-to-April hunt by two months after anti-whaling activists from the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society repeatedly interfered with the whaling vessels . Sea Shepherd claims it saved 800 whales by its actions during last season 's hunt . Japanese whalers killed 171 minke whales and two fin whales during the Antarctic hunt , according to IWC figures . In a statement issued last Friday , Sea Shepherd vowed to take on the whaling vessels again . "  They will have to kill us to prevent us from intervening once again . ... We will undertake whatever risks to our lives will be required to stop this invasion of arrogant greed into what is an established sanctuary for the whales , " Sea Shepherd 's leader , Paul Watson , said in a statement on the organization 's website . Sea Shepherd will have more than 100 people in the Southern Ocean to block the Japanese whaling fleet , according to the statement . Kano said Japan wants to continue research whaling with the aim of establishing that whale stocks are sufficient to resume a full commercial hunt in the future , according to Japanese media reports . Sea Shepherd contends that the research hunts are a sham , with meat from the hunts being sold to consumers and served in restaurants . Australia 's government condemned Japan 's decision to resume its research hunt and its plans for future commercial hunts . "  The Australian government remains opposed to all commercial whaling , including so-called ` scientific whaling . ' We will keep working to achieve a permanent end to all commercial whaling , " Environment Minister Tony Burke said in a statement . "  Australia believes Japan 's whaling is contrary to international law and should stop , " Australian Attorney General Robert McClelland said . "  That is why Australia is taking our case in the International Court of Justice to bring to an end Southern Ocean whaling permanently . " Japan also hunts whales in the Northern Pacific , taking 100 sei whales , 50 Bryde 's , 119 minke and three sperm whales last season , according to the IWC . Iceland and Norway also conduct whale hunts . Aboriginal whale hunts are permitted in the Danish territory of Greenland , the United States , Russia , and St. Vincent and the Grenadines .	Japan 's hunt last winter was cut short 2 months due to activists Anti-whaling group says it saved 800 whales Australia 's attorney general wants Japan 's whaling to stop
CNN  -- When it comes to negotiating with the Taliban , it 's always one step forward , two steps back . Despite several serious rounds of violence this week , including the assassination of a top peace negotiator , the United States will continue to try to negotiate with the Taliban , experts say . Afghanistan has been violent for a long time , they argue . This week just brought more of the same . " -LSB- The United States -RSB- has been fighting for nearly 11 years , and we 've already said we 're not leaving until 2014 , " said C. Christine Fair , a Georgetown University Center for Peace and Security Studies professor who has worked in and studied the region for years . "  Talking is not only our best option , it 's our only option , " she said . "  We should expect that it will be accompanied by violence . " The peace process has come in fits and bursts over the past year . When former Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced last June that the U.S. was in preliminary talks with the Taliban in Afghanistan , the idea was controversial . Many observers were skeptical that the Taliban would ever deal . Since then , the concept of negotiations has become more and more the norm . President Barack Obama touted it in his recent surprise visit to Afghanistan on the one-year anniversary of the killing of Osama bin Laden . Yet months into the talks , it 's murky as to who is involved and what , exactly , each party wants . In March , the Taliban said it would not be setting up a diplomatic office in Qatar to negotiate with Americans , blaming their decision on the United States ' "  alternating and ever-changing position " on Afghanistan . At the time , preliminary talks with what the Taliban called "  the occupying enemy " had already begun over the exchange of prisoners , the group said . Assassinated on the way to work Observers remind that the peace process is still relatively new considering the protracted war , and all new and difficult enterprises have bumps in the road . In Afghanistan , that cliche is relative . There "  were n't great hopes right now for peace talks at the moment in any case , " said Michael O'Hanlon , a senior fellow at The Brookings Institution who specializes in defense and foreign policy . On Sunday , Taliban interlocutor Moulavi Arsala Rahmani was killed when a gunman drove up to his car while Rahmani was stuck in traffic on his way to work in Kabul . He was a member of the High Peace Council , which was created by President Hamid Karzai and heartily endorsed by the Pentagon . The HPC is tasked with reaching out to insurgents and ex-Taliban who live in Kabul under government protection . Rahmani was considered a moderate Taliban , someone who could bring other Taliban members to the negotiating table . The Taliban announced recently that peace council members would be targets of its spring offensive , but a Taliban spokesman said Sunday that the group did not kill Rahmani . Regardless , his death marked the second such high-level negotiator to be killed since last fall when HPC Chairman Burhanuddin Rabbani , a former Afghan president , was killed in a suicide bombing . The biggest danger Rahmani 's assassination might have , O'Hanlon said , would be to scare future Taliban defectors from talking with the West and allies , he said . Riaz Mohammad Khan , the former foreign secretary of Pakistan , agrees . "  These things are unfortunate but can be expected , " he said . "  On the more positive side , I do n't think recent violence suggests a strength in the Taliban forces . I think we 'll come understand what is happening in Afghanistan as reflective of their weakness . It gives the Afghan people a chance also to show that they wo n't be beaten down . It gives them a chance to stick with peace talks . " More "  green on blue " killings Violence this week went beyond Rahmani 's death . A blast at a crowded market in northern Afghanistan killed nine civilians on Monday . Two more NATO troops were also killed over the weekend , bringing the total NATO death toll to eight in just a few days time . The two troops killed Sunday are believed to be victims of so-called "  green on blue " attacks in which Afghan security forces turn on their fellow soldiers . Distrust between allied soldiers and Afghan soldiers appears to be at an all-time high . This year 's string of scandals -- the Quran burnings at Bagram Air Base , photos of U.S. soldiers posing with body parts of alleged insurgents and crimes such as the Kandahar massacre -- has seriously frayed relations among the soldiers who must work side-by-side . An experienced Pakistani ambassador to China , the European Union , Belgium and other countries , Khan suspects the recent violence could actually help rally the Afghan army . "  If the U.S. chooses to hold back and continue giving control to Afghan soldiers , as it appears to be doing , I see this -LSB- positively -RSB- . If they pull back and act on suspicion and fear , then it wo n't turn out well for anyone , " he said . At least 23 individuals wearing an Afghan army or police uniform have shot and killed a NATO-affiliated soldier this year , according to the Department of Defense . It 's unclear whether some who have attacked NATO soldiers are actually Afghan soldiers or just in disguise . Handing over more territory Meanwhile , the Taliban has demonstrated that it has plenty of fight . The earlier allied surge in the country , especially southern Afghanistan , appeared to force the Taliban to adopt new tactics such as relying on roadside bombs and suicide attacks . In the past year , insurgent attacks overall have decreased some 22 % , and in some parts of southern Afghanistan by much more , according to coalition figures . Civilian casualties rose to their highest level last year since 2001 , CNN reported . By the middle of this week , officials announced that another large swathe of Afghanistan territory would be handed over to local authorities , giving them control of about 75 % of the country . Among the most striking areas that would fall under Afghan control is the city of Kandahar , a former Taliban stronghold , and several mountainous areas of Afghanistan , which make for excellent hiding places for insurgents . 2014 is an election year for Afghanistan . Results could drastically change the atmosphere for peace talks , Fair said . On Sunday , Obama and other world leaders gather at the NATO summit in Chicago , where the future of Afghanistan will be the No. 1 topic . The meeting will include Karzai , NATO allies and International Security Assistance Force contributors , among others . The Afghan constitution prohibits Karzai from running another term . There have n't been any candidates who 've emerged as viable to take his place so far , much less any that have appeared to align their platforms with Western goals .	A man thought to be able to bring Taliban to the negotiating table was killed this week Observers say his death , and killings of NATO soldiers , wo n't derail peace process The U.S. has said it 's negotiating with the Taliban to bring peace to Afghanistan
CNN  -- A Southern California man allegedly hit his crying 7-year-old son and then threw him off on a tour boat in busy Newport Harbor , Orange County , authorities said Tuesday . Sloane Briles , 35 , of Irvine , California , has been charged with felony child endangerment and resisting arrest , the Orange County Sheriff 's Office said . He was released Monday in lieu of a $ 100,000 bond . Briles , who 's divorced , was on the tour boat Sunday afternoon with his two sons , ages 6 and 7 , when he got into an argument with his current girlfriend , said sheriff 's office spokesman Jim Amormino . The boat takes passengers past Newport Beach houses that are or were occupied by celebrities , including the home where the late John Wayne lived , Amormino said . His 7-year-old son became upset about the argument and started crying , Amormino said . The father took the boy to the bow of the boat and told him , " ` If you do n't stop crying , I 'm going to throw you overboard , ' " Amormino said . "  And he hits the kid a couple of times , " Amormino said . "  The boy is crying . He picks him up and throws him overboard . They are in the middle of a harbor , and there is a lot of boat traffic . " The boy 's life was endangered several ways , authorities said . "  The main one was throwing him off the front of the boat because the boat could run over him . There was the danger of him being hit by the prop . And the other danger is that because there are so many boats out there , it 's no place to swim , and because he 's so small , the other boats would n't have seen him , " Amormino said . The boy was also "  only a fair swimmer , " Amormino said . "  But luckily , three boats saw the kid and converged on him , and plucked him from the water , " Amormino said . "  The father did jump in  after his son  , but the crowd on the boat became angry when he was hitting the kid and became more angry when he threw him overboard , " Amormino said . There were 85 people on the tour boat . A sheriff 's patrol boat responded to a call about the incident . After deputies boarded the tour boat , one of them suffered minor injuries to the hand and elbow during Briles ' arrest , authorities said . Deputies took the two boys to their harbor station and later turned them over to their mother , Amormino said . Briles could n't be reached for comment , and an attorney for him could n't be immediately located , the sheriff 's office said .	A man allegedly hits his 7-year-old son , then throws the boy overboard Three passing boats rescue the boy from Newport Harbor The father is charged with felony child endangerment and resisting arrest
Washington  CNN  -- Same-sex marriage is a non-issue in American politics . OK , that might be a bit of an overstatement , but it seems to be causing less of a firestorm lately than when it was a dependable wedge issue . When Attorney General Eric Holder announced Saturday at the Human Rights Campaign 's gala that the federal government will expand the recognition of same-sex marriages in federal legal matters , including bankruptcies , prison visits and survivor benefits , it barely moved the political crisis dial . The Twitter world was relatively quiet . News releases from both Republicans and Democrats were few and far between . The topic was barely mentioned on the Sunday political talk shows . The biggest fallout might be more about President Obama 's use of executive action to push his agenda rather than the issue itself . It 's not that this announcement is n't a big deal , because "  it 's a very big deal , " said Steve Elmendorf , a Democratic donor and former campaign manager for John Kerry 's 2004 presidential campaign . Although Holder 's announcement is an extension of the Supreme Court 's decision last year striking down the Defense of Marriage Act , it 's a definitive statement on the Obama administration 's policy position . "  Just like during the civil rights movement of the 1960s , the stakes involved in this generation 's struggle for LGBT equality could not be higher , " Holder said Saturday . "  As attorney general , I will not let this department be simply a bystander during this important moment in history . " Same sex marriage fast facts Democratic U.S. Sen. Richard Durbin said Sunday on CBS ' "  Face the Nation " that the announcement is "  logical , it 's consistent , it 's passionate . " But one day after Holder 's announcement , conservatives , who tend to oppose same-sex marriage , have said little . Republican U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire said on CBS News ' "  Face the Nation " that it "  appears to be another example of the Obama administration imposing its will on the states " and noted that same-sex marriage is legal in her state . It "  could " be an issue in other states where it is not , she said . That 's not exactly a seething denouncement . The issue has come a long way in the court of public opinion , as a majority of Americans now support same-sex marriage . According to a national Quinnipiac University poll from September , 56 % of Americans support marriage for same-sex couples , compared with only 25 % who supported it in 1996 . A CNN poll in 2010 was the first time a poll found that a majority of respondents backed it . Republican strategist Ana Navarro said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union " that opinions on same-sex marriage represent the "  most rapid social change that we 've seen in our lifetime . " Navarro said Republican politicians ' positions are evolving , too , but they are n't too vocal about it . She said Republican views on the issue are changing rapidly , but politicians "  may not be out there because there 's no reason to take the political hit if there 's no legislation in front of them . " The political hit could come from the party base , among whom opposition is more common . The same Quinnipiac poll found that 36 % of Republicans back same-sex marriage in their states . Navarro insisted , however , that opinions are changing quickly among Republican voters and that by the 2016 presidential election , it might be "  much less of a point than it is today . " The last five years have seen a tremendous amount of change on the issue . More than a dozen states have legalized same-sex marriage , and Obama is the first president to endorse it . Support for gay rights generally has increased , as evidenced late last year when the Senate passed the Employment Non-Discrimination Act , which would outlaw discrimination based on sexual orientation in the workplace . It was the first time the Senate had passed the measure , and it won 10 Republicans votes . Republican strategist John Feehery , president of QGA Communications , said : "  There is so much else the Republican Party should focus on . I imagine that they wo n't spend much time pounding away at this issue . " Elmendorf said the administration 's decision was not a political risk for Obama or the Democrats leading into the 2014 midterm elections . "  There 's not a political downside for Obama . There 's none , " he said . Elmendorf noted that gay rights ' issues in politics are no longer a niche issue but rather appeal to many voters . "  It 's not about gay voters any more , it 's about any voter under the age of 40 , " he said . Rand Paul warns his former home state , Texas , could turn blue Not everyone has stayed out of the fray , however . Former Arkansas governor and potential 2016 Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee , who also appeals to social conservatives , sent an e-mail to his supporters shortly after Holder 's announcement . "  Is it a surprise this administration is picking and choosing the laws they like ? " the e-mail read . It included included a link to the CNN story about Holder 's announcement and asked for support of Huckpac , his political action committee , and the Conservative Candidates fund . Same-sex marriage could become a campaign issue in some of the more conservative districts and states around the country , where incumbents could face challenges from the right , especially in the more than two dozen states that have constitutional amendments banning same-sex marriage . A Republican operative said people could "  probably see this as another overreach by the Obama administration to subvert their will . " Even Obama 's evolution on the issue , from opposing same-sex marriage to supporting it , still has not satisfied LGBT activists and supporters . For one , he has not indicated that same-sex marriage should be addressed at the federal level to eliminate the patchwork of laws around the country . While reaction might be much more muted , for proponents , the issue is far from won .	Political reaction to more federal recognition of same-sex marriages to all states muted A Republican strategist said Republicans ' views on the issue are changing Some LGBT activists want more action from the Obama administration
CNN  -- Alaska 's vast expanse of wilderness and natural beauty is captivating to its residents and visitors alike . Whether you 're new to this fascinating state or a native Alaskan , it takes time to explore all the Land of the Midnight Sun has to offer . "  I feel even if we do a lot of homework online , it wo n't be enough to have a good vacation in Alaska , " iReporter Uday Ellala said . Do n't let this wide-open landscape intimidate you . Traveling to Alaska is well worth the planning . "  Alaska is an amazing , enchanted place , " iReporter Joan Splinter said . "  The scenery is unbelievably beautiful , and the people are warm and welcoming . " iReporters , both tourists and locals , shared their favorite experiences and tips for navigating your way across the state . First-timers Do n't feel overwhelmed by Alaska 's sheer size -- or treat this like it 's your only opportunity . First-timers in Alaska should try to immerse themselves , iReporter Laura Grabhorn said . "  Instead of going for the whirlwind , pick a couple of destinations and spend a few days there . From Seattle , you can get to Sitka in less than two hours . Rent a car and enjoy the place ! " she said . Go with a plan for what you want to see and experience for your "  immersion . " Also , do n't forget to keep the season in mind when making your plans . "  If your first visit to Alaska is in the summer , your next trip must be in the winter , " Splinter said . "  Winters are magical : peaceful , amazing sunrises and auroras . It is easily my favorite season there of all ! " iReporter Adyson Ellis has a few tips of her own for the summer . "  Make sure you have hotel reservations , as rooms can get booked a year in advance . Be prepared for high gas and food prices , and in the smaller communities , there are limited places to eat , so plan accordingly . " Because hot weather is rare in Alaska , do n't forget to bring layers of clothing , especially if you go out on the water . "  First-timers should see glaciers , attempt to go fishing on a stream or the ocean and , of course , consume much fresh seafood , " iReporter Russ Dale suggested . Cruising through Photographer and iReporter L. Craig Smith knows the importance of making the most of your trip . His recommendation ? "  A cruise through the Inside Passage of Alaska to explore and experience the small and beautiful mining and logging towns , as well as witnessing up close the beautiful glaciers . " To take a gander at the wild side of Alaska , get your adventure on in the Kenai Peninsula , Smith suggests . iReporter Dino Robert U. Eleazar recommends taking a cruise to maximize your time in Alaska -- and visiting multiple cities . "  I 've been to Juneau , Ketchikan , Skagway , Sitka and Icy Straight Point , amazing places . At least you can visit not just one place in Alaska , but the cruising experience is really the best , " he said . Road trippin ' For those with the opportunity to see Alaska by car , iReporter Joan Splinter advises to venture along the road rarely taken . "  There is nothing like seeing Alaska by land . Homer -- a haven for artists and sportsmen alike -- is the crown jewel of the peninsula . The four-hour drive from Anchorage to Homer can easily take you six hours or more if you stop to photograph the amazing scenery along the way , " she said . You can also adventure through Alaska with horseback riding , kayaking , float planes and water taxi tours , Splinter said . Where to eat and stay In Juneau , Laura Grabhorn recommends several places to grab a bite . "  My absolute favorite is Hangar on the Wharf : awesome food in a friendly and low-key spot . It used to be the Juneau airport , and now you can eat and see float planes taking off and landing and enjoy the mist and clouds as they tumble down the mountains . " She also suggests the Twisted Fish Company in Juneau and the Larkspur Café in Sitka . Joan Splinter loves visiting Homer , and when she does , she stops by Fat Olives or Cosmic Kitchen . "  For fine dining , Cafe Cups can not be beat by any restaurant in Alaska or the lower 48 . " She usually stays at the Timber Bay Bed & Breakfast or the Ocean House Inn . When Grabhorn is in Juneau , she stays at the Alaska Beach Cabin on Indian Cover with a waterfront view . In Sitka , she suggests staying at the Shee Atika Totem Square Inn . "  Lovely people , and they 'll help you find your way around town and give you water for your stroll . " Feasting in Alaska : Dried moose , whale blubber and spit-roasted yak Favorite spots As iReporter Paul Tamsai said , "  I would recommend the Denali area , but there is no place that I would not recommend . " While Juneau , the state capital , is a favorite with its museums , art galleries and live shows , iReporters ventured all across the state . "  I love Seldovia ! " said Alicia McDonald , a former Anchorage resident . "  The town is in such a beautiful setting , the people are great , the sunsets are gorgeous , the views are humbling , and there is such a peacefulness to the area . " iReporter Russ Dale felt similarly about Ellamar . "  There is no way to describe the breathtaking sights I saw , no way to describe the glee and transformation of a free soul on the edge of the untamed wild . "	iReporters share their tips and photos for venturing through Alaska Do n't try to see everything in one trip ; instead , focus on what you want to experience most Whether by cruise ship or car , your trip to Alaska will be filled with scenery
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- A Thai court has found deposed prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra guilty of corruption , and sentenced him in absentia to two years imprisonment . Thaksin Shinawatra lives in self-imposed exile in London . The case stemmed from a Bangkok land deal while Thaksin was in office . He was convicted of violating a law that bans ministers or their wives from conducting business with government agencies . Thaksin , who now lives in the United Kingdom , is unlikely to serve any jail time . He fled from Thailand in August just as he was to appear in court . In the land deal , Thaksin 's wife , Pojama , is accused of using her husband 's political influence to buy undeveloped land from a government agency for about a third of its estimated value . Watch more about the verdict " The case is one of several corruption cases against Thaksin and his family that are winding their way through the legal system . The billionaire is accused of abusing the country 's system of checks and balances and bending government policy to benefit his family 's business . Thaksin has consistently denied that he or his family was involved in any wrongdoing . In August , Thaksin and his wife skipped a court appearance and fled to the United Kingdom rather than testify in the real-estate case . He said he did so because he did not think he would get a fair trial in Thailand . Thaksin , a telecommunications tycoon , once owned the English Premier League Manchester City Football Club but sold his stake this year . His party won two landslide victories before he was deposed in a bloodless military coup in September 2006 after massive anti-government street protests . He returned to Thailand after his allies in the People Power Party won nearly half the seats in the lower house in December 's parliamentary elections and formed the ruling coalition . In recent weeks , the country has seen daily demonstrations from anti-government protesters who want PPP leaders purged from the Cabinet . They have laid siege to the Government House -- the seat of the Thai government -- since August 26 . The protesters -- led by the People 's Alliance for Democracy -- contend that the PPP is trying to amend the constitution so Thaksin does not have to face charges . In September , Thailand 's Constitutional Court stripped then-Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej of his position , ruling that he had violated the constitution by appearing as a paid guest on a television cooking show . The PPP responded by picking Thaksin 's brother-in-law as Samak 's replacement -- further inflaming the protesters . CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Ex-PM Thaksin Shinawatra convicted of corruption , sentenced to jail Court rules Thaksin facilitated wife 's purchase of Bangkok real estate in 2003 Thaksin , who lives in exile in UK , unlikely to serve time in jail
When Jody Sabatino opened her mailbox last month , she got some jaw-dropping news : Her insurance company , UnitedHealthcare , was cutting the 79-year-old 's most trusted doctor from its Medicare Advantage plan . In fact , four of her six regular doctors wo n't be covered at all next year . "  I could n't believe it . I just could n't believe it , " Sabatino said . What 's easier to believe for those affected by the cuts is that because Obamacare makes it harder for insurers to cut patients from their rolls , they 're cutting doctors instead -- and hoping patients follow them off the plan . United 's move left Sabatino and her 94-year-old husband , Nick , facing a tough choice : Do they stay with United and find new doctors or try to keep their doctors by finding a new insurance plan ? "  Dr. Mieczkowski has been my doctor for 20 years . No one knows me any better than he does , and it 's silly not to continue to go with him , " Sabatino said . So she went shopping . And the insurance plan she bought is going to cost her more . Of the eight prescriptions that United covered , half of them are either going to cost more or are n't covered at all under her new plan . Insurers ease deadline to pay for Obamacare policies But by switching plans , Jody Sabatino gets to keep Dr. Lawrence Mieczkowski , or "  Dr. Mitch . " The cardiometabolic specialist will be unceremoniously dumped from United 's Medicare Advantage network next year with little explanation . "  Given the significant changes and pressures in the health care environment , we have undertaken a review of our network and are making changes to its composition , " United wrote to Mieczkowski in an August letter . "  As a result , UnitedHealthcare is amending your agreement referenced above to discontinue your participation in the Medicare Advantage network effective on January 1 , 2014 . ... This amendment does not require your signature . " But the doctor thinks United is trimming physicians from its networks in hopes that their patients will follow . "  Let those high-cost patients move out of the UnitedHealthcare Medicare Advantage plan over to Anthem or Humana and let those poor suckers , so to speak , pick up the cost , " Mieczkowski said . In Ohio , where Mieczkowski practices outside Dayton , hundreds of doctors and thousands of patients have been affected by United 's cuts . And in Connecticut , United cut about 20 % of its doctors , according to the state medical society . The American Medical Association says United and other insurers have taken similar action in at least a dozen states . "  The patient costs a lot , " said Todd Baker of the Ohio State Medical Association . "  And United is going to those patients ' doctors and dropping them and therefore getting rid of the patient . " United concedes it is reducing the size of its Medicare Advantage network , saying it will shrink by about 10 % to 15 % by the end of next year . "  Many health plans are making changes to their networks to improve quality and keep health insurance affordable , " United said in a statement to CNN . "  These changes are necessary to meet rising quality standards in an era of Medicare funding cuts , and will improve our ability to work closely with physicians and encourage better health outcomes for our members . " The insurance industry 's trade group argues that the changes are a direct result of Obamacare . To help pay for health care reform , lawmakers included $ 200 billion in cuts to the Medicare Advantage program and a new tax on health insurers . "  Washington ca n't cut and tax the Medicare Advantage program this much and not expect seniors in the program to be harmed . And that 's exactly what we 're starting to see , " said Robert Zirkelbach of America 's Health Insurance Plans . "  This is just the beginning . As more and more of these cuts go into effect over the next several years , seniors are going to face even higher premiums , higher out-of-pocket costs for services and fewer health care choices . " And even though Sabatino was able to find a plan that allows her to continue to see Mieczkowski , she will still lose two other specialists . "  We 're walking away from people that we 've known and trusted and counted on for over 10 years , and that 's hard , " she said . "  That 's hard . " Christie on Obamacare ad : Get out of your PJs Private exchanges : Obamacare signup process still not ready Microsoft exec to oversee Obamacare website Sebelius orders review of Obamacare website	Ohio doctor is one of many being dropped by insurance companies , AMA says Medicare cuts in Obamacare are changing provider networks , industry spokesman says Ohio couple opted for a more expensive insurance plan to keep their doctor
DAVOS , Switzerland  CNN  -- The worldwide economic recession has exposed a "  crisis of global governance " that can only be addressed by the radical reform of the United Nations , former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan said Wednesday as the World Economic Forum got under way in Switzerland . Kofi Annan says the United Nations needs to be reformed . "  The current architecture of managing global affairs is broken and needs to be fixed , " Annan said on the opening morning of the five-day annual meeting of global political and business leaders . "  We have major new players coming on the scene and they need to be integrated and given a voice . " Referring to the U.N. Security Council , which gives permanent places and vetoing powers to the U.S. , the UK , Russia , China and France , Annan said : "  We can not continue to run the world based on countries that won a war 60 years ago . It 's either destructive competition or cooperation . We live in an interdependent world and the only way to move forward is to cooperate . " Annan is one of six co-chairs at this year 's WEF gathering , along with news tycoon Rupert Murdoch , HSBC Chairman Stephen Green , Werner Wenning of the German chemical group Bayer , Indian industrialist Anand G. Mahindra and Maria Ramos , Chief Executive of the South African transport group Transnet . He also urged delegates to address three interconnected challenges : the global recession , energy and security , and climate change . "  It is important leaders work on ways of finding effective , far-reaching policies -- even if they are radical -- that will allow us to create sustainable economic growth and create jobs for those who are out of jobs , " Annan said . Newscorp . CEO Murdoch said delegates needed to be "  absolutely honest about where the world is at this point , " warning that the consequences of $ 50 trillion being wiped off personal fortunes had left people feeling "  depressed and traumatized . " "  We 've been living in the Western world way above our means . We 've been on a great binge and it 's come to an end and we have to live though the correction , " Murdoch said . But he said the downturn offered a chance to set about tackling issues of energy sufficiency and pollution . "  We must treat this crisis , whether it lasts for a year or five years , as an opportunity to set goals for how we want to come out of it . This is a time to shape the policies to help to solve some of those problems . " HSBC boss Green said the banking industry needed to admit that it had not "  covered itself in glory " in contributing to the collapse of the financial industry and called for continuing government intervention to "  stop a nasty recession spiraling down into something else . " But he said the major banks could contribute to solving the crisis as well : "  I do not believe for a moment that you can have a successful economy without successful and properly functioning international capital markets . " Wenning said he did n't expect any solutions to emerge from this year 's meeting , but hoped delegates could achieve "  a joint understanding of the reasons for the financial crisis " and called for a return to "  the basics of sustainable behavior . " "  If we are really able to address these mega-challenges of the future then we would be able to restore the trust in leadership -- and I believe the world needs leadership . " Political leaders will join the discussions later Wednesday with Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin both due to deliver agenda-setting addresses .	Kofi Annan calls for reform of U.N. at World Economic Forum in Davos Annan says economic recession has exposed a "  crisis in global governance " Rupert Murdoch : Western world has been living "  way above our means " HSBC boss Stephen Green admits banks "  did n't cover themselves in glory "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The former judge who last year lost a multimillion-dollar lawsuit against a dry cleaners over a missing pair of pants wants his job back . Roy Pearson sued the owners of this dry cleaning business for $ 54 million over a missing pair of pants . Roy Pearson was not reappointed after his term expired as an administrative law judge in the District of Columbia . He filed a lawsuit Thursday in federal court accusing city government and others of an "  unlawful demotion and subsequent termination . " Pearson was taken off the bench in May 2007 , during his unsuccessful $ 54 million lawsuit against a dry cleaning business , which he accused of failing to meet its promise of "  satisfaction guaranteed . " As an administrative law judge , Pearson would hear cases involving zoning law and certain business disputes . A city panel that decides reappointments had notified Pearson during the controversial lost trousers trial that his status was under review . A source on that panel said at the time that any judge must meet certain standards of conduct "  on and off the bench . " The source , who was among the members of the panel at the time of Pearson 's review , said "  a judge is a judge 24/7 ; whether or not they use good judgment in all aspects of their lives is what we can consider . " The civil case , in which Pearson represented himself , sought punitive and compensatory damages against a small family-owned dry cleaners that once posted signs promising "  satisfaction guaranteed . " A pair of trousers that hung by the witness stand was a featured part of the trial last summer . The owners testified that the pants belonged to Pearson , who denied under oath that they were his . The judge found in favor of the dry cleaners and disagreed with Pearson that the satisfaction promise was unconditional . Pearson petitioned the trial judge for a reconsideration , which was denied . He then filed an appeal with the D.C. Court of Appeals , which will hear his appeal later this year . In court documents made available Friday at U.S. District Court in Washington , Pearson , again acting as his own attorney , relies on what he considers Washington 's "  Whistleblower Protection " law to try to establish illegal retaliation . The trial over the lost trousers generated a storm of criticism among fairness advocates , who accused Pearson of abusing the system . The latest litigation has begun to produce the same reaction . "  He lost his job because he proved he did not have the legal requirements to fill the job , namely a judicial temperament , " said Darren McKinney of the American Tort Reform Association . Pearson did not return a message left at home . In his suit seeking to regain his job , he also seeks "  compensatory damages in an amount to be determined at trial , in excess of $ 75,000 from all defendants jointly and severally , " as well as an unspecified amount of punitive damages "  to be determined at trial . " Efforts to seek reaction from the individuals named in the lawsuit were unsuccessful . No initial hearing date has been set in the civil case assigned to U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan . E-mail to a friend	Roy Pearson accuses the city government of an "  unlawful demotion " and termination He sought $ 54 million from a small family-owned dry cleaners over lost trousers A judge found in favor of the dry cleaners Pearson was taken off the bench in May 2007
Hours after President Barack Obama said the fatal shooting of an unarmed African-American teen in Florida requires national "  soul searching , " a lawyer for the man at the center of an investigation said the shooting had nothing to do with race . "  I asked him , ` Are you a racist ? Do you have anything against black people ? ' and he said ` No ' , " George Zimmerman 's legal adviser Craig Sonner told CNN . Sonner said Zimmerman and his wife served as mentors to two teenage children of an African-American woman . Though funding was cut for the program , the couple continued their efforts on their own , taking the 13-year-old girl and 14-year-old boy on outings to a mall , a science center and a basketball game . They also helped in a fundraiser for an African-American church , the lawyer said . "  I do not believe that 's the indication of a person who 's a racist , " Sonner said . "  I do n't see anything that indicates to me that he 's a racist . " Trayvon Martin , 17 , died February 26 . Police say he was shot by a neighborhood watch volunteer in Sanford , Florida , who said he was acting in self-defense . Martin was unarmed , carrying a bag of Skittles candy and an iced tea , according to police . Although a grand jury is scheduled to convene April 10 to look into the case , authorities have declined to arrest Zimmerman , sparking a national debate over Florida 's "  stand your ground " deadly force law amid concerns about racial profiling . The family of Zimmerman , a white Hispanic , said he has been wrongly described as a racist . Obama spoke out publicly Friday for the first time on the matter . "  When I think about this boy , I think about my own kids , " Obama told reporters in response to a question . "  And I think every parent in America should be able to understand why it is absolutely imperative that we investigate every aspect of this and that everybody pulls together -- federal , state and local -- to figure out exactly how this tragedy happened . " Obama praised Florida Gov. Rick Scott 's decision to create a task force to review the "  stand your ground " law and said that it would be important to "  examine the laws and the context for what happened as well as the specifics of the incident . " "  But my main message is to the parents of Trayvon , " Obama said . "  I think they are right to expect that all of us as Americans are going to take this with the seriousness it deserves and we will get to the bottom of exactly what happened , " he said . And he obliquely addressed the racial component of the case , saying it struck home for him because , "  If I had a son , he 'd look like Trayvon . " The teenager 's parents , Tracy Martin and Sybrina Fulton , said in a statement that it was "  humbling " that Obama had talked about their son . "  The president 's personal comments touch us deeply and made us wonder : If his son looked like Trayvon and wore a hoodie , would he be suspicious , too ? " Martin was wearing a hooded sweatshirt the day he was killed . The case unfolded when Zimmerman , who was patrolling his gated community , saw Martin walking in the neighborhood . Zimmerman called 911 and reported what he described as a suspicious person . Moments later , several neighbors called the emergency number to report a commotion outside . Police arrived to find Martin dead of a gunshot wound . Authorities say they have not charged Zimmerman because they have no evidence to contradict his story that he shot in self-defense . Sonner told CNN that Zimmerman was injured on the night of the killing . "  I believe that his nose was broken ; he sustained injury to his nose and on the back of his head he sustained a cut that was serious enough it probably should have had stitches , " Sonner said . But by the time Zimmerman reached a doctor , "  there was an option not to stitch it up because it had already started healing , is my understanding , " said the lawyer , who has talked with his client only by telephone . Sonner said the injures "  were from Trayvon Martin , I assume . " The lawyer said he and Zimmerman had not discussed what happened the night Martin was shot , though he said that Zimmerman has talked with authorities -- unaccompanied by counsel -- whenever they have asked him to do so . Sonner said he has advised his client to keep a low profile . "  I believe his life is in danger , " said Sonner . "  This case is spinning out of control , " he said . "  I hope there 's a way to rein things in so it does n't become an issue of a racial battle . I hope that things come back so that there can be a time for justice and for healing and not for just skipping the whole judicial process and going straight to sentencing . " Police have taken the gun used in the shooting and are holding it as evidence , he said . "  Whatever transpired that night , it 's unfortunate that there 's a young man in the prime of his life that was left dead , " Sonner added . Opinion : What every black mother fears Neighbors call watch leader caring , polite Case sparks dialogue on racial inequality Heated debate has erupted over whether Zimmerman used a racial slur during the 911 call , which was released this week . Did shooter use a racial slur ? A top CNN audio engineer enhanced the sound of the 911 call , and several members of CNN 's editorial staff repeatedly reviewed the tape but could reach no consensus . The case has prompted a Justice Department investigation , which is in the fact-finding stage . Whether Zimmerman used such language before shooting Martin is key , according to CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  It 's extremely , extremely significant , because the federal government is not allowed to prosecute just your ordinary , everyday murder , " he said . "  Two people fighting on the street is not a federal crime . However , if one person shoots another based on racial hostility , racial animus , that does become a federal crime . " Photos : Million Hoodie March A special prosecutor appointed by Gov. Scott , Angela Corey , said Friday that her office can charge Zimmerman , clear him or send the case to the grand jury . Rallies and protests also continued Friday . Congressional staffers rallied in an event dubbed "  Hoodies on the Hill " organized by several staff organizations , while students walked out of classes at six Miami-area high schools to protest police handling of the case and demand changes in Florida 's law . At Southridge High School in Southridge , students lined up on the football field to form the initials , "  T.M. " Miami-Dade County Public Schools issued a statement saying Martin 's mother asked students to focus instead on signing petitions , attending rallies and praying . "  Our most important mission is to provide a safe learning environment for students , and so we are asking them to respect the wishes of Trayvon 's mother by celebrating his memory not through walkouts , but through reflection and civic participation , " Superintendent Alberto Caralho said . Students walk out in protest over shooting death Demonstrations were planned over the weekend in South Carolina and Virginia and Monday in Sanford and Atlanta . Shooting renews debate over ` stand your ground ' laws Amid the protests and calls for reform , some Florida lawmakers said it was time to revisit the 2005 "  stand your ground " law , which eliminated a long-standing provision requiring people facing danger outside of their homes to first attempt to retreat before meeting a threat with force . Toobin : Does Florida law let killers go free ? Since the law 's adoption , the number of justifiable homicide rulings in Florida has nearly tripled , according to the state Department of Law Enforcement . "  We foretold that this would happen while we debated this law and a lot of us voted against it , " Florida state Rep. Christopher Smith told CNN on Friday . "  They turned a blind eye to it . But now that America 's looking at Florida , now people are starting to react and starting to really recognize what we were saying back in 2005 in the Florida House . " But a co-sponsor of the law , Sen. Dennis Baxley , R-Ocala , said the law was not at fault . He credited the statute for a "  serious decrease " in violent crime . Baxley said it is up to the grand jury to decide whether any laws were broken , but left no doubt where he stands . "  Quite frankly , anyone who steps out in a pursuit in a confrontational mode with a firearm ? That 's not a self-protection act . You 've initiated something . " He said one good outcome of the killing may be clarification over how the law ought to be applied . "  Maybe we do need some direction , " he said . "  Maybe we need to give direction to Crime Watch . " Police chief steps aside ` temporarily ' The incident has damaged relations between the Sanford Police Department and the city 's African-American residents , City Manager Norton Bonaparte said Friday . "  We have to start from ground zero , " he said . The depths to which community relations had sunk was underscored by the arrest Friday of a 68-year-old Melbourne Beach white man for allegedly threatening to harm Bill Lee , who stepped down "  temporarily " on Thursday as Sanford 's police chief . "  You and your family deserve to be hunted down and shot like a dog , just like Trayvon Martin , " says the e-mail that led to the arrest . "  Your entire police department is nothing more than a collection of incompetent , bigoted , unprofessional a ** holes . "	"  I believe his life is in danger , " Zimmerman 's lawyer says Obama says nation must do some soul-searching over shooting Special prosecutor not sure grand jury will be necessary in case
CNN  -- Jennifer Love Hewitt knows how to keep a secret . The 34-year-old actress appears to have quietly married her "  Client List " co-star Brian Hallisay , 35 , ahead of their first child 's arrival on Wednesday . A rep for Hewitt told CNN in a statement that the star and Hallisay - who is refered to as "  her husband " - are "  thrilled to announce the birth of their daughter , Autumn James Hallisay , " but did n't mention anything about a wedding date . Hewitt and Hallisay first revealed that they were expecting a baby and planned to get married in June . At the time , the pair said that they were "  looking forward to starting our family together , " and Hewitt has been outspoken about embracing motherhood . "  I lost my mom a little less than a year and a half ago to cancer , " Hewitt told People magazine in September . "  Obviously , I got very lucky that even though I lost my mother , I lost her later in life , but it still had a profound effect on me . I 've always wanted to be a mom . I had a great relationship with mine . I 'm ready to pass on to my child all the great love that my mom had for me . " CNN 's Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report .	Jennifer Love Hewitt and Brian Hallisay quietly tied the knot The "  Client List " co-stars also welcomed their first child They named their daughter Autumn James Hallisay The couple announced they were engaged and expecting in June
Hong Kong  CNN  -- They stepped onto the evening ferries in Hong Kong 's crowded harbor to watch the sky light up with fireworks to celebrate China 's National Day . Instead , the night ended in chaos and tragedy . Two ferries collided Monday night , upending one of the vessels and sending passengers into the water . At least 38 people died . Rescuers picked up 123 survivors and are still searching for a countless number of others who are missing . Passengers on board the ferries said they had only moments to escape . "  First it was up to here and then here . The water rose so quickly , " one woman , who declined to be named , told CNN affiliate i-Cable . "  We thought we were going to die for sure . " The boat rolled violently before it partially sank . "  I opened the window and pushed a child out . I put a life jacket on him and pushed him out first , " he told i-Cable . "  At the time , it was very chaotic . The boat was completely standing straight up in the water . It was chaotic . All the tables and chairs were everywhere . It was like a slide ; everything was sliding down . " Read more : Survivors recount chaos , horror of ferry collision Authorities are investigating what caused the crash , Hong Kong 's most lethal maritime accident in more than 40 years . Police have arrested seven crew members from the vessels on suspicion of endangering passengers . The collision involved a passenger ferry traveling from Hong Kong Island to Lamma Island and a vessel owned by the Hong Kong Electric Company , which was carrying company employees and their families to watch the scheduled fireworks display . Government officials said it occurred off Lamma 's coast about 8:20 p.m. Photos : Deadly Hong Kong ferry crash "  I thought we 'd hit a rock or a lighthouse , " said Chris Head , a teacher who was on the passenger ferry . He said the vessel went from what felt like full speed to "  an abrupt halt . " Head said the force of the impact threw him out of his seat at the back of the ferry , which was not very full of people . As the damaged ferry began to move toward a pier in the small town of Yung Shue Wan on Lamma , Head said , he could see the other boat had started to sink into the water vertically , like the Titanic . "  It was very dark , " he said . "  There were very few lights on board . " According to the Hong Kong Fire Services Department , which led the rescue , the vessel began to sink quickly after the impact . It said low visibility and many obstacles on board made work difficult for rescuers . "  After 10 minutes out , a boat crashed into ours from the side at very high speed , " one male survivor from the accident told the South China Morning Post , a local newspaper . "  The rear of the ferry started to sink . I suddenly found myself deep under the sea . I swam hard and tried to grab a life buoy . I do n't know where my two kids are . " Residents on Lamma , a lightly populated island southwest of Hong Kong Island , reported being awakened in the middle of the night by the massive rescue operation going on offshore . Were you there ? Share your stories , images and videos . On Tuesday , the front of the stricken vessel was still sticking out of the water , tethered to a barge equipped with a crane just a few hundred meters from the coast of Lamma . Emergency services boats surrounded the scene , and divers conducted a search . Despite a hole torn in its bow , the passenger ferry was able to dock safely after the crash . Government officials have not confirmed whether passengers aboard that vessel were injured , but Head said nobody around him appeared to have been hurt . The narrow sea lanes leading into Hong Kong 's main deepwater harbor are some of the busiest in Asia , with giant commercial freighters , ocean liners , passenger ferries and private boats of all sizes sharing the waters . Hong Kong is home to more than 200 outlying Islands , including Lamma . Hong Kong Island is on the south side of Victoria harbor , with Kowloon forming its northern shore . North of Kowloon lie the New Territories , which stretch all the way to mainland China . Monday 's crash is Hong Kong 's most lethal maritime accident since 1971 , when 88 people died after the ferry Fat Shan capsized between Hong Kong and Macau amid a typhoon . CNN 's Paul Armstrong , Jethro Mullen , Judy Kwon , Pamela Boykoff and Mark Morgenstein contributed to this report .	A passenger ferry collided with a vessel in Hong Kong 's crowded harbor The death toll has risen to 38 , Hong Kong authorities say Authorities are searching for countless others who are missing Police have arrested seven crew members on suspicion of negligence
New York  CNN  -- A veteran New York police officer accused of equipping a robbery crew with state-of-the art police equipment and helping them loot drug dealers out of $ 1 million pleaded not guilty in federal court Thursday . Jose Tejada , 45 , also is accused of allowing the robbery crew to use his Manhattan apartment for their enterprise . In court documents filed Wednesday , federal prosecutors said the crew posed as police officers and used fake warrants to arrest drug traffickers . The crew then robbed those it arrested of their money and their stashes of marijuana , heroin , ecstasy and cocaine , authorities said . In all , the group -- comprising Tejada and at least 21 others -- is responsible for more than 100 armed robberies throughout New York City since 2001 , according to officials . The New York Police Department officer , arrested Wednesday , faces multiple counts of robbery , drug dealing and weapons charges . A U.S. magistrate on Thursday ordered Tejada to remain in custody . Prosecutors said they had "  overwhelming evidence " and argued the man presented a continuing danger to the community . But the officer 's court-appointed attorney , Zachary Margulis-Ohnuma , said his client was not a flight risk and had remained on the force while on modified duty . "  If there was a danger , what 's been going on the last four years ? " Margulis-Ohnuma asked , referring to the length of the investigation . Margulis-Ohnuma said that Tejada "  adamantly denies " the charges and said they will be "  vehemently challenging them . " It is unclear what made police begin to investigate Tejada , who started with the department in 1996 . In 2006 and 2007 , Tejada participated in three robberies , prosecutors say , stealing thousands of dollars while dressed in his police uniform . In one of the cases , the crew stormed a Bronx home searching for cocaine . "  The crew mistakenly believed the residents to be drug dealers , " court documents said . "  In fact , the residents were a family of three , including a teenager , who had no involvement in drug dealing . " The crew did not find drugs but searched the home while Tejada held the family at gunpoint , prosecutors allege . Once they left , the family called 911 . Tejada , a father of two , faces a minimum of 17 years in prison if convicted . His wife cried throughout the court proceedings Thursday and left without speaking to reporters . Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said Thursday , "  Obviously it 's sad and disappointing any time a police officer is arrested , but this officer has been on modified duty for three years , so this investigation has taken a long time to come to fruition , and it 's still not over . ... the officer has been arrested , suspended , and we 'll see what the outcome of the trial is . " N.Y. cop accused of hiring hit man to kill witness CNN 's Dana Garrett reported from New York . Lateef Mungin reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Julie Cannold contributed to this report .	NEW : New York Police Officer Jose Tejada pleads not guilty to robbery , drug charges He is accused of leading a crew that robbed drug dealers of money , inventory Crew had committed more than 100 robberies since 2001 , officials say
CNN  An airplane landing without the captain in the cockpit ? That 's why aircraft have co-pilots . On Thursday , a door malfunction locked the captain out of the cockpit on Delta Air Lines Flight 1651 from Minneapolis/St . Paul before final approach into McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas . The first officer "  alerted the airport to an 'em ergency in-air ' at approximately 12:10 p.m PT " and made an unassisted landing , McCarran spokeswoman Christine Crews said . "  A commercial aircraft can be landed with one pilot at the control and Delta pilots are fully trained to do so if the situation were to occur , " a Delta representative said in a statement . "  The First Officer took control and landed the aircraft safely without incident . The door will be evaluated by Delta maintenance technicians . " There were 160 people on board the MD-90 aircraft , which landed at 12:23 p.m. with no injuries or damage to the aircraft , Crews said .	Delta captain was locked out of cockpit Co-pilot safely landed the aircraft without assistance
London , England  CNN  -- Like many people , widow Penny Lally plans to be buried alongside her family . But in her case , that includes a menagerie of family pets . Her husband , John , who died of cancer three years ago at the age of 64 , is already buried with their horse Super Sam , Blot the cat , Muppet the dog , and even Brian the bird . "  I often tell people that John has a canary singing in his ear , a cat purring at his feet , a dog at his side and a horse to ride on when he likes , " Lally said . "  I know some people might find this strange , but I loved my pets and wanted them all to be close to me and my husband and to each other . " Lally , 66 , runs a pet crematorium and woodland burial place in Penwith , Cornwall , in southwestern England . She has buried more than 30 owners alongside their animals and has over 100 more plots reserved for pets and their owners , she said . The idea of joint burials was first suggested to her by an elderly neighbor who died at the age of 77 , a year before John 's death , she said . "  Mrs. Winchcombe had seven cats and wanted to be buried with all of them when she died . It was certainly an unusual request , " Lally said . "  We had to apply for permission to extend our license to burying humans as well as animals , but it was wonderful that we could carry out her last wishes . " Since then , Lally has seen an increasing number of pet owners in the UK seeking joint burials . There are currently only half a dozen cemeteries in the UK that allow pets to be buried in the same plot as their owners , but in January , Lincolnshire council became the latest authority to grant planning permission for a joint site . "  I think there has been more interest recently because people are starting to realize it is possible , " Lally said . One of her customers is animal lover Carole Mundy , 54 , who has reserved a plot for herself and her husband Robert next to their 17-year-old golden retriever , Dylan , who was buried at Penwith in 2008 . "  I know it is n't conventional , but I 'm so sick of people saying that ` it was just a dog or a cat , ' " Mundy said . "  Animals give us unconditional love and I absolutely adore my pets . If people want to call me kooky I do n't care . " The UK regards itself as a nation of animal lovers , so perhaps it is not surprising that there has been an increase in joint burials , but the practice is also on the rise in the United States . "  There has been a lot of interest from the public , who are asking funeral homes if they can have their pets buried with them , " said Robert Fells of the International Cemetery , Cremation and Funeral Association in Virginia . "  It 's still a relatively new concept , so whether it 's a fad or an emerging trend , I 'm not sure , but it 's definitely on the rise , " he said . "  We are seeing an increase in public interest , " said Roberta Knauf , director of Hillcrest-Flynn Funeral Home in Pennsylvania . "  The joint burial concept started in 2006 , when a few people were interested -- but last year we had close to 70 joint burials in our cemetery . " In fact , the practice of people being buried with pets is n't new . It dates far back into British history when Anglo-Saxon nobles were buried with their possessions , which included their horses . Even further back , the pharaohs of ancient Egypt would be buried with their mummified cats , dogs and monkeys , which they believed shared an afterlife with humans . But after centuries of affiliation with the pagan gods of Egypt and Rome , pet rituals found little tolerance in the new Christian era . "  The more Christianity became institutionalized , the more animal practices were discouraged as it was accepted that humans were the only beings with souls , " said Mary Thurston , a Texas-based anthropologist who specializes in the shared history of people and pets . The director of the UK 's Association of Private Pet Cemeteries and Crematoria said people should be buried as they see fit . "  When you pass away , it 's important to have your wishes granted and people deserve to be buried in the manner they choose if they are not hurting anyone , " Kevin Spurgeon said . "  My horse was such a good friend and by my side through the ups and downs of life , " pet cemetery owner Lally said . "  Like me , many others see their pets as part of the family and want to be together with them even in death . "	People and their pets can be laid to rest together at cemetery in England Owner : More than 30 people already buried with pets ; 100 more plots reserved Future customer : "  I 'm so sick of people saying that ` it was just a dog or a cat ' " Anthropologist : Very old practice fell out when Christianity became institutionalized
President Barack Obama has signed a covert directive authorizing U.S. support for Syrian rebels battling President Bashar al-Assad 's forces , U.S. officials told CNN on Wednesday . The secret order , referred to as an intelligence "  finding , " allows for clandestine support by the CIA and other agencies . It was unclear when the president signed the authorization for Syria , but the sources said it was within the past several months . CNN inside Syria The Obama administration has said it will step up its assistance to the opposition in the wake of last month 's failure by the U.N. Security Council to agree on tougher sanctions against al-Assad 's regime . Exactly what type of support the finding authorizes is also unclear . The Obama administration has ruled out arming the rebels for now , providing only nonlethal assistance , such as communications equipment . Last week , the U.S. Treasury Department approved a license allowing the Washington Syrian Support Group to provide direct financial assistance to the Free Syrian Army . The Washington-based representative of the Free Syrian Army is allowed to conduct financial transactions on the rebel group 's behalf but is not allowed to send military equipment . During the war in Libya , Obama signed a similar directive authorizing covert assistance for rebels in the battle against Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . The Obama administration has resisted arming the opposition , in part , because U.S. officials do n't know enough about the rebels . Al-Assad to army : Restore order to Syria U.S. officials have told CNN that Washington is cooperating with countries that are arming the rebels , including Saudi Arabia and Qatar , to help find groups worthy of aid . Diplomatic sources have also said the United States is providing intelligence on Syrian troop movements , which is then passed to rebel groups . Foreign policy experts on Wednesday urged the Obama administration to increase its support of the armed opposition . Testifying before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations , Andrew Tabler of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy argued the United States should start arming the Syrian opposition , but only under the right conditions . "  At this point , given the direction of the conflict , I think that what we need to do is assess which groups could we and should we arm at what point , and make that decision , " Tabler told the Senate panel . "  I think that we 're actually at that decision , given where the conflict is going . " James Dobbins of the Rand Corporation agreed . "  The time has come to consider and pick those groups that are most consistent with our interest and our vision for the future and begin to advantage them in terms of the internal politics , by providing assistance , including perhaps money as well as arms and advice , " Dobbins said . Syrian rebels hold pro-government prisoners Martin Indyk , a former U.S. ambassador to Israel now with the Brookings Institution , recommended arming the opposition , but in a "  wise way . " "  We need to do it in a way that , first of all , we understand who we 're supporting and what their intentions are , " Indyk said . The State Department said Wednesday the United States has set aside $ 25 million for "  nonlethal " assistance to the Syrian opposition , with another $ 64 million in humanitarian assistance for the Syrian people . The humanitarian aid , which includes funding for the World Food Programme , the International Committee of the Red Cross and other aid agencies , helps support the tens of thousands of refugees streaming across Syria 's borders to neighboring Turkey and Jordan . Complete coverage : Unrest in Syria	The finding allows for clandestine support for the Syrian rebels , sources tell CNN When it was signed and what type of support it authorizes are unclear The Obama administration has resisted arming the rebels in Syria Several foreign policy experts call for the selective and "  wise " arming of some rebel groups
CNN  -- The best leaders make us feel unsure of ourselves . This may sound counterintuitive . Are n't leaders are supposed to build confidence ? At times , encouraging people is effective . Other times , when people are stuck seeing things one way or they are resistant to change , creating a little discomfort in the conversation could help them grow . People need you to help them think through difficult issues even though they do n't feel comfortable in the process . It is very difficult for any of us to question our beliefs and behaviors . Our brain 's protective instinct keeps us from in-depth self-exploration . We can only see "  outside the box " when we read or hear something that surprises our brains . The best way to help people see outside the box to objectively consider their circumstances is to listen to how they describe their situation , reflect on what they are saying , and then ask questions that cause them to review their thoughts and behavior . If your words break through their protective barriers , the moment will feel awkward . They might feel a pinch of anger , embarrassment , or sadness when their blind spot is revealed . Then they grow . Generating insights create breakthroughs in thinking . To create these breakthrough moments , try the DREAM model . It is a coaching approach where you encourage the person to talk as you listen for cluesâ $ " gaps in logic , faulty assumptions , fears , attachments to the past , and conflicting valuesâ $ " that could be blocks to seeing the way forward . You then share what you hear and you sense , allowing the person to accept or reject your comments . The point is to help the person to think , not to change him or her . This coaching approach creates a two-sided conversation where the recipient feels respected . The steps include : D : Determine what the person wants as a desired outcome of the conversation . Help the person to define what they want , not what you want for them . Do they want to be seen by others as a leader ? Do they want more respect from their peers ? Do they want to feel less stressed ? Determine what is in the conversation for them so you can then move toward achieving this outcome . R : Reflect on the experiences , beliefs and emotions expressed . When you listen and clarify what you hear , people feel heard and understood . Then you can help them sort out truth from speculation , instantly giving them a view of what else might be true . E : Explore possible sources of blind spots and resistance . Ask about the desires , disappointments , and fears you sense they are feeling . Do n't worry about long pauses between your questions and their response . It takes a moment for blind spots to come to light . A : Acknowledge the emerging awareness . Have the other person clearly articulate the key takeaways . Many people will stop and say , "  Wow , I had not thought about it that way before , " or "  Yes , I see what you mean " and then plunge forward with a solution . Acknowledging their "  aha " insight reinforces their new perspective . M : Make sure there 's a plan or commitment for what 's next . Ask the person what they will now do and when they will do it . Even if they say they have to take some time to think about what they discovered , ask how they will do this and what impact their new thinking will have on the desired outcome they defined when you started the conversation . When reflecting , exploring , and acknowledging , quiet your judgmental brain and refrain from jumping in and giving the person advice . The Discomfort Zone is full of tips and examples on how to use the process in your conversations . The best advice : They want you to be present more than they need you to be perfect ! Read more : The new KISS principle Read more : Music to make you feel like a boss The opinions in this article are solely those of Marcia Reynolds	Difficult moments in the workplace can be beneficial for bosses and employees Reynolds suggests its hard for people to see their own blindspots Uncomfortable moments may be turned into opportunities for professional growth
CNN  -- Elmore Leonard is something of a living legend among lovers of crime fiction . A favorite of millions of readers , a hero to scores of writers , he 's been called "  America 's greatest crime writer . " The 86-year old author has been writing bestselling books for sixty years , mostly Westerns and crime novels . Many of them have been turned into hit movies , including "  3:10 to Yuma , " "  Get Shorty " and "  Out of Sight . " Now , Leonard returns to one of his favorite characters in his newest book , his 45th novel to be exact , titled simply , "  Raylan . " That would be U.S. Marshal Raylan Givens . The laid back , Stetson-wearing lawman first appeared in Leonard 's novels , "  Pronto " and "  Riding the Rap " and again in the 2001 short story , "  Fire in the Hole " which became the basis for the hit TV show , "  Justified , " starring Timothy Olyphant as the title character . The actor and the show are winning over fans , critics and Leonard himself . So much so that Leonard has returned to writing about "  Raylan . " The book just hit store shelves the same week the show had its third season premiere . Leonard , gracious and unassuming , shows no signs of slowing down at this point in his career . The author spoke to CNN from his home in Michigan . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : What brought you back to Raylan ? Leonard : I 've always liked him . He 's just one of my favorites . Now when I see him on the screen I ca n't believe it . He acts exactly the way I write him . He 's so laid back and he always has the best line in the scene . He 's perfect , boy . The way he talks I hear him just the way I heard him when I 'm writing it . He 's kind of laid back but if you call him on anything , he says , "  if I have to pull my gun I will shoot to kill , " and he 's serious about that but he does n't have to sound that serious , he just states it . CNN : Raylan feels like a character from one of your Westerns transplanted into one of your crime novels . Leonard : He could have been and maybe that 's where I got him . The critics see him as a western character because of his hat but his hat was n't my idea , that was his  Olyphant 's  idea . I pictured a businessman 's Stetson , a much smaller cowboy hat if you will but one that 's kind of worn out and shaped exactly the way he likes it . I think the hat works . I did n't care for it at first but after a couple of episodes I liked the hat . CNN : The writers on "  Justified " all wear wristbands with the initials WWED stamped on them for "  What Would Elmore Do ? " What do you think about that ? Leonard : Well , I 'm flattered . I met all the writers and every one of them had the little plastic bracelet on . I have a picture of all them and they 're at their desk and they all have a different book of mine and each one is reading to get my sound . That 's very flattering , I 'll tell you . CNN : Do you have an active role with the TV show beyond your inspiration ? Leonard : No and I do n't want to know what they 're doing because I do n't want to interfere with them . While I was writing "  Raylan " I would send them pages and I said use what you want , if you do n't use any of it OK but if it fits use it . They found some places to use some scenes where they 're taking body parts from victims and selling them . They 're going to do it one of the episodes this year so that 's very gratifying . I like the way they write , boy . Sometimes I think the show is better than my writing . CNN : Millions love to read your books but who are you a fan of and what do you like to read ? Leonard : One of my favorites is George V. Higgins who wrote , "  The Friends of Eddie Coyle . " Today I like reading Pete Dexter , Cormac McCarthy , Martin Amis , Margaret Atwood , Ron Hansen and Richard Bissell . He only wrote three or four books but he was a pilot on the Mississippi , piloting a string of barges up and down the river . The way he described his characters and the way they talked , I just loved him and he was funny . That 's what I missed in Hemingway because he never showed any sense of humor . I do n't know why he was so serious . I still read Hemingway . I still read his short stories because they 're so good . He does n't waste any words . CNN : You 've been writing professionally for sixty years , where do you find your inspiration ? Leonard : It 's what I do . If I just sit here what am I going to do ? I do n't have a trade . I do n't teach or anything . I just love to make up characters and gradually build a story around them . There was a photograph in the newspaper of two marshals in front of a courthouse in Miami where some drug dealers were being tried and the woman marshal had a shotgun on her hip , the stock against her hip and the rest of it angled up away from her and she was really good looking . I thought she 's a book , she 's going to be in my next book and she was . That was Karen Sisco , "  Out of Sight . " CNN : Sounds like you still have lot of enthusiasm for your work ? Leonard : Absolutely , that 's it . To me writing is the most fun . It 's not always fun but finally when you make it come out the way you want it then you can say its fun , boy . Even writing a scene I 'll enjoy a particular scene and then several years later I 'll happen to read that scene again , not looking for it , I 'll just happen to open an older book and read and think oh my god and start laughing . I did n't laugh when I wrote it maybe I smiled , I do n't know . I was startled by the scene ; I thought why 'd I think of that ? Why did I put that in there but it seemed to work . CNN : Your stories read so easily , how did you develop your style ? Leonard : It 's got to be re-writing . It takes me at least three handwritten pages to get one clean , typed page with every word in place . The next morning I 'll read these pages again and I 'll start to make little changes , not much usually I 'll just add things . The first time I write it 's more spare then when I finally get into it , just add a word maybe add a cigarette or a drink or something like that . I do n't want it to sound like writing . I say leave out the parts people tend to skip . Just do n't overwrite . CNN : What 's next for you ? Leonard : I 'm writing a book right now but I 'm only a chapter into it . I 'm still thinking of names . For a couple of months I 've been thinking of the bad guy 's name . I do n't know why I ca n't get it but I will . I do this a lot with names . I 'll start with a name and then for some reason he wo n't talk much or he 's older than I pictured him just because of a name I give him . So then I finally get the right name and I ca n't shut the guy up . This always happens . There 's always a character who gives me trouble that way . Read an excerpt from Elmore Leonard 's "  Raylan . "	Elmore Leonard returns with his latest in crime fiction , "  Raylan " The character inspired hit TV show , "  Justified " The 86-year-old author has been writing bestsellers for 60 years
Early one eastern Congolese morning six months ago , Josephine was sleeping in her hut , dreaming about selling her crops . She heard people singing victory songs , thinking it was part of her dream , but gunshots jolted her awake . She could see in the light of dawn that the next village was on fire . She saw people fleeing toward her village , some being shot as they ran . She quickly herded her four children into the tall grass , where others from her village were already hiding . They watched their village torched by the singing militia , known as Raia Mutumboki , a branch of which is allied to the M23 , the latest rebel group to plunge the Congo into full-scale war . During their first day of hiding , Josephine sent her eldest son , Emmanuel , back to the village to get food from their storehouse . He was discovered and shot . The militia began to hunt the villagers in the tall grass , again singing victory songs , using hoes and machetes to kill whomever they caught . The survivors walked for days to a displaced persons camp , where Josephine 's second son , Avarino , died of malaria . "  I ca n't understand how human beings can treat other human beings this way , " Josephine said . This story echoes what so many have suffered through during 16 years of eastern Congo 's war , the deadliest since World War II , nearly 70 years ago , with about 6.9 million deaths , based on a New York Times estimate in 2010 . On Sunday , the Democratic Republic of Congo and other African states are due to sign a framework agreement that aims to build a foundation for regional peace . That so many African states -- along with the United Nations , African Union , European Union and United States -- are uniting in an effort to address the roots of conflict in Congo is an encouraging development . The signing of this framework deal does n't end the war in Congo , but rather it provides a starting point for a global effort to try to end finally the world 's deadliest conflict . Four important changes are under way in Congo today , giving this initiative a better chance than its predecessors . First , for decades all of the benefits of eastern Congo 's vast mineral resource wealth have gone to those with the biggest guns -- the Congolese army , local militias or neighboring countries . These minerals include , among others , gold , cobalt , copper , tin , industrial diamonds and coltan , used in cell phones , laptops and other electronic devices . But U.S. and European consumer demands for a conflict-free minerals trade , congressional legislation , International Monetary Fund aid suspensions , U.N. experts ' reports , responsible investors and other influential voices are making it harder to profit violently and illegally from mineral smuggling . Second , regional support for armed groups inside eastern Congo has been a staple of the ongoing cycle of war there for years . For the first time , the international community is imposing meaningful consequences for evidence of cross-border weapons supply . Rwanda strenuously denies involvement , but some donors have suspended aid programs to that nation and will continue to do so until the evidence shifts toward solutions . Third , until recently , accountability for war crimes was n't part of the discussion despite some of the worst crimes against humanity being committed globally since World War II . But calls for international justice have intensified inside Congo and beyond , and accused war criminals are beginning to face sanctions . Fourth , calls for the reform of a U.N. peacekeeping mission that costs more than $ 1 billion are increasing . Refocusing the mission on eradicating the worst armed groups , demobilizing rank-and-file combatants and helping to reform Congo 's army would go much further than the present mandate . Africa has pledged 4,000 new combat troops to deal with the worst militias , and change can start with them . When I asked Josephine why all this was happening , she replied , "  The war is over the minerals , nothing else . " Although some would say that is oversimplified , it is undeniable that a major tipping point is approaching . If the commercial incentives for the massively profitable minerals trade can be shifted from violent , illegal extraction to peaceful , legal development , Congo could enjoy a transition similar to those experienced by West African countries plagued by blood diamond wars a decade ago . A soon-to-be-named U.N. "  super envoy " should help construct a comprehensive peace process for Congo and its neighbors , building on the upcoming framework . With his history of concern over Congo , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry could be helpful in this . Two tracks seem necessary . One would involve an impartially facilitated national dialogue to address internal Congolese issues such as army and justice reform , decentralization , electoral frameworks , immigration , minority protections , land dispute adjudication , mining codes and other divisive issues . The other would be a regional process in which Congo and its neighbors could address shared security threats and negotiate cooperative investment and infrastructure arrangements that could ignite a real economic boom for Central Africa . "  People around the world should do all they can to stop those instigating war in my country , " Josephine told me . "  That is the only way we can be at peace . If I hear my village is at peace , I will drop everything and go home with my children . " Given the history of international looting of Congo 's resources , we should help give Josephine -- and Congo -- that chance .	Congo war , funded by conflict minerals , is the deadliest since World War II In Congo , John Prendergast heard of villagers slaughtered with machetes , families fleeing He says Western consumer demand for a conflict-free minerals trade is encouraging He thinks signs are hopeful as Congo , other African nations sign framework for peace
CNN  -- Pale , blond and blue-eyed , the 4-year-old girl looks shyly into the camera . This is no ordinary photo , though . The little girl pictured is at the center of a mystery . Police in Greece say they found her Thursday with a Roma couple posing as her parents but have no idea who she is or where her real parents are . They hope releasing the pictures of her might prompt people to come forward with information . The girl was discovered during a search of a home in a community of Roma , also known as gypsies , near the town of Larissa in central Greece , police said . Photo blog : The plight of the Roma Police first became suspicious because the girl , who is blonde with very pale skin and blue eyes , did not resemble the couple who claimed to be her parents . When the couple were then questioned , "  they changed repeatedly their story about how they got the child , " a police statement said , compounding the officers ' suspicions . DNA testing then "  showed that there was not any genetic compatibility " between the girl and the 39-year-old man and the 40-year-old woman , the police said , meaning they can not be her biological parents . The girl was immediately taken from the couple and entrusted to the care of a charity called The Smile of the Child . The charity said it would look after her "  until a solution in the best interest of the child is found . " The two people posing as her parents have been arrested and face charges of abducting a minor , as well as counts of falsifying identity documents , said the state-owned Athens-Macedonian News Agency . Among the suspect documents found by police was a 2009 birth and baptism registration from Athens authorities , the news agency said . The 40-year-old woman also had two different valid identification documents and , based on family registration records , appears to have given birth to three children between June and November 1993 , and another three children between October 1994 and February 1995 , it said . In fact , the state-run AMNA news agency reported this woman had two family residence registrations indicating she was mother to 10 children -- five girls and a boy in Larissa , plus four girls in Trikala . The 39-year-old man is registered as the father of four more children . Greece 's government has promised to help the child . In the meantime , the little girl is being given support by a police psychologist , the police said . Anyone with information is asked to call the European Hotline for Missing Children or contact The Smile of the Child . The girl 's discovery will likely prompt speculation she may have been abducted or trafficked -- which , if proven , could serve to fuel prejudice against the Roma community within Greece and elsewhere . Rights group Amnesty International has called on the European Union to take action to end discrimination against the 6 million Roma , describing them as "  the largest and most disadvantaged minority in the region . " In May , Amnesty International said Greece had been found guilty of discrimination against Roma schoolchildren in three separate rulings by the European Court of Human Rights . CNN 's Joseph Netto and journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	NEW : State news : Woman had 10 registered children in 2 locations ; man had 4 others A blonde , blue-eyed girl was found living with a Roma couple she does not resemble DNA testing proved she was not their child , police say , and she 's now in the care of a charity The couple posing as her parents have been arrested on suspicion of abducting a minor
CNN  -- On the night of February 26 , Trayvon Martin was wearing a hoodie and had bought Skittles and an Arizona tea at a convenience store in Sanford , Florida . Some time after that , he was shot and killed by neighborhood watch member George Zimmerman . But beyond those established facts about the shooting of the unarmed teenager in an Orlando suburb last month , much is in dispute about the case that has gripped the nation . Of the two people directly involved , Martin will never be able to describe what happened , and Zimmerman has kept mum . His lawyer vows that , once all the facts surface , things will not appear as clear-cut as they are to many of Martin 's supporters at the moment . America will have to wait and see as State Attorney Angela Corey plunges deeper into a case charged with allegations of racism . Martin was African-American ; Zimmerman is a Hispanic who , his family says , has been wrongly described as racist . What 's clear is that , as more is learned about this case , it becomes more complicated . The little information that has surfaced has been through 911 tapes , what Zimmerman told police and the accounts of witnesses who helped paint a picture of the night Martin died . George Zimmerman Zimmerman was wearing a red jacket and blue jeans when he came across Martin on that night . He was a neighborhood watch member carrying a Kel-Tec 9 mm pistol , according to a police report . He said he was on his way to a grocery store when he spotted Martin walking through the Retreat at Twin Lakes , according to the Orlando Sentinel , which pieced together an account of what happened based on leaked information from investigators . Sanford police said the newspaper account "  is consistent with the information provided to the State Attorney 's office by the police department . " Martin was visiting his father 's fiancee , who lived in the gated community in Sanford , a racially mixed northern suburb of Orlando . Zimmerman called police to report a suspicious person . He described Martin as black and said he was acting strangely and could have been on drugs . Zimmerman said he got out of his SUV and followed Martin on foot . "  Something 's wrong with him , " he told a 911 dispatcher , according to the contents of a call released by authorities . "  Yep . He 's coming to check me out . He 's got something in his hands . " The teenager started to run , Zimmerman said . A 911 dispatcher asked Zimmerman whether he was following Martin , and Zimmerman said he was . The dispatcher said Zimmerman did not need to do that . Zimmerman said he lost sight of Martin and began walking back to his SUV ; Martin approached him , according to the Sentinel account . Martin asked Zimmerman if he had a problem ; Zimmerman said no and reached for his cell phone , he told police . Martin said , "  Well , you do now " or something similar and punched Zimmerman in the nose , Zimmerman said , according to the Sentinel . Zimmerman said Martin pinned him to the ground and began slamming his head into the sidewalk . The police report described Zimmerman 's back as wet and covered with grass , as though he had been lying on the ground . Zimmerman was also bleeding from the nose and the back of his head , the police report said . "  I was yelling for someone to help me , but no one would help me , " Zimmerman told police . By the time police arrived on the scene , Martin was dead from a gunshot wound in the chest , according to Sanford Police Chief Bill Lee . The unarmed teenager was lying face-down . Zimmerman told police that he shot Martin . And that he did it in self-defense . 911 calls Residents of the gated community heard the gunshot . Seven 911 calls released by authorities document their fear . Someone screams , "  help , help ! " in the background . "  There were gunshots right outside my house . There 's someone screaming . I just heard a guy shot , " a neighbor says . "  Hurry up , they are right outside my house . " Another man cries for help . Then the gunshot . "  Hurry , please . ... There 's someone screaming outside , " a neighbor whispers . "  There 's a gunshot . Hurry up . ... There 's someone screaming . I just heard a gunshot . " In another call , a woman begs the dispatchers to send help , saying someone is "  screaming and hollering " for help . Moments later , she describes a light at the scene of the shooting . "  Oh , my God , " she says . "  There 's still somebody out there walking with a flashlight . " Zimmerman 's call to police was among the 911 tapes released by police . Some people hear what sounds like a possible racial slur . CNN enhanced the sound of the 911 call , and several members of CNN 's editorial staff repeatedly reviewed the tape but could reach no consensus on whether Zimmerman used a slur . Mary Cutcher and Selma Mora Lamilla Mary Cutcher was in her kitchen making coffee that night with her roommate , Selma Mora Lamilla . The window was open , she said . "  We heard a whining . Not like a crying , boohoo , but like a whining , someone in distress , and then the gunshot , " she said . They looked out the window but saw nothing . It was dark . They ran out the sliding glass door , and within seconds , they saw Zimmerman . "  Zimmerman was standing over the body with -- basically straddling the body with his hands on Trayvon 's back , " Cutcher said . "  And it did n't seem to me that he was trying to help him in any way . I did n't hear any struggle prior to the gunshot . "  And I feel like it was Trayvon Martin that was crying out , because the minute that the gunshot went off , the whining stopped . " The two women said they could not see whether Zimmerman was bruised or hurt . It was too dark . "  Selma asked him three times , ` what 's going on over there ? ' " Cutcher said . "  He looks back and does n't say anything . She asks him again , ` everything OK ? What 's going on ? ' Same thing : looked at us , looked back . Finally , the third time , he said , ` just call the police . ' " Anonymous witness A witness who asked not to be identified , even by gender , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper about hearing voices outside in an area where neighborhood residents often walk their dogs and wondering , "  Oh , my gosh , who 's out there walking their dog in the rain ? " Then the witness heard a "  very loud , predominant voice " and opened the window . "  I could n't hear the words , but it was like , OK , this is not a regular conversation . This is someone aggressively , you know , yelling at someone . " The witness recalled seeing two men on the grass , one on top of the other . "  And at that point , not looking out the window , I heard the yell for help , one yell for help , and then I heard another ... excruciating type of yell , " the witness said . "  It did n't almost sound like ` help . ' It just sounded so painful . But I was n't watching out the window during that . And then the next time I looked out the window , there 's the same thing : two men on the grass , one on top of each other . I could n't see a lot of movement . It was very dark , but I felt like they were scuffling . And then I heard the gunshots , which , to me , were more like pops than they were like a bang . " The witness recalled hearing more than one shot . "  It definitely was more than one pop noise , so I do n't know if it was an echo or anything else . But it definitely made more than one pop . " Then one of the men , who appeared to be Hispanic , started walking toward the witness ' vantage point , the witness said . Zimmerman is Hispanic . "  He did n't appear hurt or anything else , " the witness said . Martin 's girlfriend Benjamin Crump , the Martin family lawyer , says Martin 's girlfriend 's account of what happened connects the dots and destroys Zimmerman 's claims of self-defense . The girl , who did not want to be identified , said she was on the phone with the teen before the shooting . When Zimmerman got closer to Martin , she told her boyfriend to run , but Martin told her that he was not going to run , she said . "  What are you stopping me for ? " Martin asked Zimmerman , according to the girl . "  What are you doing around here ? " Zimmerman asked in response . The girl said she then got the impression that an altercation was taking place and that someone had pushed Martin , because the headset fell out of his ear , and the phone shut off . Zimmerman 's friend Joe Oliver said Zimmerman filled Oliver in on what happened between the time Martin came face to face with him and when the gun was fired -- the part that 's not all clear . Oliver said he could not divulge what Zimmerman said , just that the gun went off . Corey , the state attorney , was asked whether that meant the shooting might have been accidental . "  We look into that in every shooting case , " Corey said . Oliver said Zimmerman was badly hurt that night . He went to a doctor the next day to be treated for a broken nose . "  He has n't been back to his apartment , which is in that complex , ever since that happened , and he 's being treated for post-traumatic stress disorder , for depression , for insomnia , " Oliver said . "  He cried for days after this happened . The George Zimmerman I know is not here anymore , because he knows that he took someone else 's life , and he 's extremely remorseful . " Zimmerman has not been charged , sparking a firestorm of protest across America . Corey 's homicide staff , meanwhile , continues to work around the clock .	The case becomes more complicated as details emerge Witnesses have made seemingly contradictory statements Zimmerman told police Martin slammed his head on the sidewalk Martin 's girlfriend says she believes he was pushed to the ground
CNN  -- By 2050 , the U.S. Latino population is expected to nearly triple . "  CNN Presents : Latino in America " reported by Soledad O'Brien , explored how Latinos are reshaping our communities and culture and forcing a nation of immigrants to rediscover what it means to be an American . Here are some of the people who made this documentary possible : Correspondent : Soledad O'Brien Senior Executive Producer/VP : Mark Nelson Senior Producers : Rose Arce Catherine Mitchell Producers : Kimberly Babbit-Arp Lindy Hall Robert Howell Emily Probst Brian Rokus Amanda Sealy Courtney Yager Managing Editor : Kathy Slobogin Executive Director : Jody Gottlieb Producer/Director/Editor : Cliff Hackel Dave Timko Associate Producers : Erika Colin Jacinth Planer Alyse Shorland Sr. . Editor/Producers : Mike Chedwick Carl Graf Ross Helman David Herrod April Hock Lee Hughey Steven Keller Blake Luce Karen Nolan Meg Pearlstein Director of Voices : Alberto Ferreras Producer of Voices : Trina Bardusco Production Assistant : Katie Pyne Post Production Producers : John Cooke Matt Scheibner Finishing Editor : Eduardo Alvarez Gary Wilkinson Audio : Rick Sierra Manager of Production : Amy Jordan Production Manager : Jamie Hutton Production Coordinator : Abigail Daniels Photojournalists : Rich Brooks Gregg Canes Joe Capolarello Jeff Cooke Styke Dimas Ferre Dollar Desmond Garrison Tim Hart Robert Howell Walter Imparato Oliver Janney Leon Jobe Greg Kilday Kevin Kvicala Tom Larson Damir Loretic Jack Lyons Mike Miller David Munoz Kevin Myers Effie Nidam Jung Park Gabe Ramirez Orlando Ruiz David Rust Jerry Santos Tawanda Scott Jerry Simonson Dominic Swann John Torigoe Tim Wall Sound Technicians : Marc Hoppe Wes Little Still Photographers : Kyle Christy/CNN Mark Hill/CNN Mathieu Young/CNN Joe Pugliese/CNN Christopher Martin/CNN Edward M. Pio Roda/CNN Shaul Schwarz/Reportage for CNN Graphics Creative Director : Aimee Schier Sr. . Graphics Designer : Jenny Specker Interns : Mychael Bond Logan Burruss Omar Butcher Kassie Engroff Simon Hernandez Xion Lester Tristan Milder Grecia Serrano Janet Weaver Special Thanks : David Chavez Myers Park High School , Charlotte , NC Mike and Carolyn Michaels Belk Department Stores U.S. Census Bureau Pew Hispanic Center Urban Institute NSHMNCA Center of Immigration Studies Selig Center Latin America Association Georgia Hispanic Chamber of Commerce United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce National Center for Education Statistics Puerto Rican Chamber of Commerce of Central Florida Florida Immigration Advocacy Center Miami Chamber of Commerce M-PACT Sports Department of Health and Human Services Eventus Marketing	CNN 's "  Latino in America " premiered on October 21 & 22 , 2009 at 9 p.m. ET
CNN  -- On October 29 , Ed Shevlin looked out toward the Atlantic Ocean from his third-story apartment in New York 's Rockaway Park . Sand-filled rain began pelting his windows in what sounded to him like a hundred pans of frying bacon . Then , the lights went out -- and stayed out -- for three weeks . The next morning , he awoke to a scene of utter destruction . Superstorm Sandy tore the sea town 's boardwalk to pieces , and filled the community pool with saltwater . It forced 27 of his New York City Department of Sanitation co-workers out of their homes . Yet they were still first on the scene , -- clearing the roads so firemen and ambulances could enter -- reporting seven days a week for 14 hours a day . They worked around the clock to clear more than 500,000 tons of debris and rid neighbors of the unsettling reminder that their entire lives were now piles of garbage in the front yard . Little more than a month later , Ed stood on the ground floor of Madison Square Garden in quite a different setting . He and seven fellow sanitation workers were given tickets to attend the 12-12-12 Concert for Sandy Relief , the most successful fund-raising concert in history . They were heroes for their community . And now they needed help . Through stories such as Ed 's , viewers around the world recognized the immediate and unprecedented need across the Northeast . Generous concert donors -- hailing from all 50 states and more than 90 countries -- gave $ 51 million to help organizations working on the front lines of the disaster . Robin Hood was honored to be entrusted with these funds , and we have since distributed the entire proceeds from the concert to almost 400 organizations across the tri-state area . When the storm hit , and the true depth and breadth of the devastation began to emerge , we knew that the organizations we 'd traditionally funded for poverty-fighting work would already be on the ground helping victims of the storm . Rather than wait for them to come to us requesting emergency food , blankets , generators , and other time-critical supplies , we made sure they had the money right away -- providing $ 3 million to more than 75 organizations in just a few days . Valuable time was n't lost , and communities such as Ed 's in the Rockaways could start rebuilding . As we saw in the wake of 9/11 , the need slowly transitioned from emergency assistance to longer-term rebuilding and restorative services , including counseling , benefits/legal aid  such as helping people apply for FEMA funds  and physical and mental health care . But the majority of Robin Hood funds have been devoted to housing , one of the largest and most critical areas of need across the tri-state area . In New Jersey alone , more than 72,000 homes and businesses were damaged or destroyed . And without shelter , storm victims have an even harder time getting back on their feet . Because of this , we made a $ 1 million grant to the Affordable Housing Alliance in Monmouth County , New Jersey , to help purchase , transport , and install 17 newly manufactured homes for low-income residents displaced by the storm . A mother of two lived in the flood evacuation zone of Sea Bright and packed up before Sandy hit . When she returned , 5 feet of water and sand filled her home . An elderly couple forced to evacuate their house had been living in a motel for months . Both families now have brand new homes and can start the process of rebuilding their lives . Once the scope of the devastation caused by Sandy became apparent , we reactivated the Robin Hood Relief Fund -- originally created to support victims of 9/11 -- to help effectively steward funds and resources . Because of the emergency nature of the situation , the Relief Fund Committee met almost every week -- 17 times in five months -- to provide guidance and review grant applications . Our goal was to allocate all of the funds from the fund , $ 70.5 million , as quickly and effectively as possible . In fact , we completed the process in April with a total of 494 grants to 391 different organizations . But even though our Sandy-specific resources have been spent , the need continues . Ed Shevlin 's community in Rockaway Park is still not back to normal . Neighbors await much-needed federal funding . And while the state declared that storm debris collection has officially ended , Ed and his co-workers still find remnants of Sandy destruction in their daily pickups . We continue to accept donations at the Robin Hood Fund and are encouraged by the fact that dozens of other relief organizations are still on the front lines helping . Because , as Ed will tell you , the job is nowhere close to being finished .	Need for help continues seven months after Sandy Fund says it has distributed $ 70.5 million to groups helping Sandy victims You can still donate to Robin Hood Hurricane Sandy Relief Fund
CNN  The arrest and death of Freddie Gray in Baltimore has sparked protests and accusations of police brutality . But it 's unclear how Gray , who was arrested on a weapons charge April 12 , suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later . Here are the big questions surrounding this controversial case : What we know : Gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of Baltimore known for drugs . He "  gave up without the use of force , " Baltimore Deputy Police Commissioner Jerry Rodriguez said last week . An officer apparently took his Taser out and was prepared to use it on Gray , but he never deployed it , Rodriguez said . And none of the six officers involved in the arrest described using force against the 25-year-old . Gray was placed inside a police van and was able to talk , said Rodriguez , who described Gray as upset . "  And when Mr. Gray was taken out of that van , he could not talk , and he could not breathe , " according to Rodriguez . Police have said Gray was not buckled in with a seat belt during the ride to a booking center . What we do n't know : It 's unknown what caused the spinal cord injury that led to his death a week after the arrest , and it 's also unknown what , if anything , happened inside the van . What we know : Segments of cell phone video shot from two different positions appear to begin after Gray has been arrested and show officers dragging Gray , who is handcuffed , to a van . He can be heard screaming . "  He was dragged a bit , " said Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake , "  but then you see him using his legs to get into the van , so he was able-bodied when he was in the van . And we know that when he was finally taken out of the van , he was unresponsive . " One woman who recorded a video of the arrest said she knew Gray . "  When I ran up the street and seen him , the first thing I asked him was he OK because I heard him screaming , " the woman said . "  He did n't never say yes or no , he just said ' I ca n't breathe ' and just was yelling . " Surveillance video recorded him conscious and talking , police said . That was at 8:54 a.m. . At 9:24 a.m. , police called an ambulance for Gray . Police say Gray requested medical attention , including an inhaler , and an ambulance later took him to the University of Maryland Medical Center 's Shock Trauma Center . Rawlings-Blake and Deputy Police Commissioner Kevin Davis have said the arresting officers should have asked for medical attention immediately after Gray asked for it . What we do n't know : It 's unknown why Gray screamed , and the cell phone video does n't capture the entire incident , start to end . And it 's unclear why police did n't call for an ambulance sooner . What we know : In the wake of Gray 's death , six police officers were suspended . Their names were released last week . The suspensions are standard procedure after an "  in-custody death , " said Baltimore Police Department spokesman Capt. Eric Kowalczyk . It does n't mean the officers did anything wrong or that they were the only officers involved , he said . They are : Lt. Brian Rice , 41 , who joined the department in 1997 ; Officer Caesar Goodson , 45 , who joined in 1999 ; Sgt. Alicia White , 30 , who joined in 2010 ; Officer William Porter , 25 , who joined in 2012 ; Officer Garrett Miller , 26 , who joined in 2012 ; and Officer Edward Nero , 29 , who joined in 2012 . Three of the six responding officers were on bicycles when they initially approached Gray , according to Kowalczyk . Another officer joined the arrest after it was initiated , while one more drove the police van , the police spokesman said . What we do n't know : The officers say they did n't use force against Gray , but that 's not certain . In fact , details about what each of the officers specifically did have not been released . What we know : According to court documents CNN obtained , there were more than 20 criminal court cases in Maryland against Gray , and five of those cases were still active at the time of his death . The cases involve mostly drug-related charges , but there are charges from March for second-degree assault and destruction of property . Gray was due in court on a possession charge on April 24 . He had been in and out of prison since 2009 for various drug cases , according to Maryland Department of Corrections spokesman Gerard Shields . In February 2009 , he was sentenced to four years in prison for two counts of drug possession with intent to deliver . Shields said he could not determine from records what kind of drug was involved . Gray was paroled on June 30 , 2011 . On April 4 , 2012 , Gray was arrested for violating parole but he did n't go back to prison , Shields said , reasoning that whatever Gray allegedly did , it "  was something minor . " Gray did return to prison in May 2013 for drug possession , serving a month behind bars before his release in June . What we do n't know : It 's not known whether Gray 's criminal past had anything to do with his arrest , or his death . What we know : Protesters have taken to the streets of Baltimore daily since two days after Gray 's death , rallying around his family . On the first night , they marched to a local police station chanting "  No justice ! No peace ! " On another occasion they marched to City Hall . The demonstrations have been peaceful on most nights , but on Monday rioters damaged buildings and destroyed police vehicles . Looters stole goods from several stores . Some groups of people intervened , keeping additional looters out of trashed businesses . The demonstrators are pushing to get answers about Gray 's death and for "  justice , " as they define it . Similar protests were held in Ferguson , Missouri , following Michael Brown 's death and in New York , after the death of Eric Garner . Other small protests have sprung up in other cities in the past week . "  Mr. Gray 's family deserves justice , " Rawlings-Blake told CNN 's Anderson Cooper last week . "  And our community deserves an opportunity to heal , to get better , and to make sure that something like this does n't happen again . The mayor said that any confirmed information will be promptly relayed to the public . "  I want people to understand that I have no interest in hiding information , holding back information , " Rawlings-Blake said . Some protesters have called for the officers to be arrested and charged . One organizer called for Police Commissioner Anthony Batts to resign . What we do n't know : There 's no guarantee protesters will get the kind of definitive answers they want about how and why Gray died . What we know : Baltimore police are looking into Gray 's death and are expected to have a report for prosecutors by Friday . The probe , like the suspensions of the six police officers , is standard whenever someone dies while in custody . The police 's findings will go to the state 's attorney 's office , where prosecutors will decide whether charges should be filed . Batts said recently that a medical examiner had some initial findings , but needed to get back the results of toxicology reports , which could take weeks . Rawlings-Blake asked for an outside investigation , given the city 's dark history of police misconduct . The U.S. Justice Department , which announced a collaborative reform initiative with Baltimore police in October in light of its past problems , is looking into the Gray case , a spokesman said last week . The point of that federal investigation will be to gauge whether a prosecutable civil rights violation may have occurred . What we do n't know : What information that investigators , both local and federal , will turn up and when . It is also unclear if the medical examiner called in spinal experts to view the evidence , a possibility Batts raised at a news conference . What we know : Court documents allege that Baltimore Police Department Officer Garrett Miller arrested Gray after finding a switchblade in his pocket . The Gray family attorney called the allegation a "  sideshow . " Gray was carrying a "  pocket knife of legal size , " attorney William Murphy told CNN . Police never saw the knife and chased Gray only after he ran from them , the attorney said . The court documents also say that Gray "  fled unprovoked upon noticing police presence . " "  The officer noticed a knife clipped to the inside of his front right pants pocket . The defendant was arrested without force or incident , " the documents say . "  The knife was recovered by this officer and found to be a spring-assisted , one-hand-operated knife . " Maryland law makes it illegal to "  wear or carry a dangerous weapon of any kind " -- including switchblades -- "  concealed on or about the person . " What we do n't know : It 's not clear that simply having a knife is a crime , said Rawlings-Blake . "  It is not necessarily probable cause to chase someone . So , we still have questions , " she said . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton , Stephanie Gallman , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Dana Ford and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Freddie Gray was arrested on a weapons charge April 12 ; he was dead seven days later He was put in a police van after his arrest ; it 's unclear what happened inside the van Gray has a criminal history but it 's not known if that had anything to do with his arrest or death
CNN  -- A search is on for a missing Nepali sherpa who has summited Mount Everest 19 times . The mountain guide went missing after an avalanche on Saturday , said the mountaineering agency for which he works . An avalanche swept away Chuwang Nima Sherpa on 7,129-meter-high  23,389-foot-high  Mount Baruntse on Saturday afternoon , while he was fixing ropes for climbers at 7,045 meters  23,113 feet  , said Jiban Ghimire of Sherpa Shangri-La Treks and Expeditions . "  Chuwang Nima was fixing ropes for another expedition in the mountain , because they asked for help , when the avalanche struck , " Ghimire said . Chuwang Nima was climbing with mountain guide Melissa Arnot , from the U.S. state of Idaho . The two had planned an alpine-style climb , without any support staff and fixed ropes or stops till the summit , Ghimire said . A helicopter was dispatched to look for Chuwang Nima on Sunday morning , but had to return because of bad weather . Chuwang Nima , 39 , is well known in mountaineering circles , and climbs and trains in the United States as well . He was in Denali National Park in Alaska for technical training and rescue operations during the summer , according to Ghimire . Apa Sherpa -- a 50-year-old Nepali -- holds the record for summiting Everest , with 20 climbs . Everest is the world 's highest mountain above sea level , at 8,848 meters  29,029 feet  .	The guide went missing after an avalanche on Saturday Bad weather turned back a helicopter that was searching for him Sunday The record for summiting Everest is 20 climbs Everest is the world 's highest mountain , at 29,029 feet
CNN  -- How big a threat do foreign fighters in Syria and Iraq pose to the West ? It 's a question that has been much on the mind of policymakers and commentators , especially since U.S. President Barack Obama announced the United States was ramping up its military role in the region . Will such fighters return with dangerous new skills and experience that they are determined to use against their home country ? Or is the potential threat by these fighters overhyped ? The answer depends on what the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria decides to do with them . So far , jihadi groups in Syria have not been sending foreign fighters on attack missions in the West in any sort of systematic way . But if the group decides to "  weaponize " its fighters , we will have a much bigger problem on our hands . Since 2011 , around 3,000 Western Muslims have gone to Syria , where many have joined the most radical elements of the insurgency . And there is no question that some of these individuals will pose a terrorist threat when they return . We know this because it has already happened -- Syria veterans are suspected of involvement in one successful and at least six unsuccessful alleged attacks in Europe and Australia over the past year . Yet there is no reason to expect all -- or even a majority -- of these people to try to attack us in the future . During my research , I have found that of all Western Muslims who joined conflict zones before 2011 , no more than one in nine moved on to terrorism in the West . In fact , this estimate is probably at the high end -- the real historical average may be closer to one in 15 or 20 . This suggests that the more helpful question is therefore not whether the foreign fighters in Syria are a threat , but what proportion of them will be . Can we not simply assume that somewhere between one in nine or one in 20 of the fighters in Syria will become terrorists , and try to plan accordingly ? Unfortunately , it 's not that simple because the "  blowback rate " -- the proportion of outgoing fighters who later return to attack -- varies significantly between destinations . Take the conflict in Somalia , for example , which attracted hundreds of Western foreign fighters in the previous decade , but produced few attacking returnees . In contrast , of those who went to Afghanistan and Pakistan in the same period , a substantial proportion plotted attacks on their return . So , how can we determine whether Syria will produce foreign fighters that are more like Somalia or more like Afghanistan and Pakistan in terms of blowback ? It largely depends on whether you have a group in the theater of conflict that strategically targets the West . For example , the Afghanistan-Pakistan area has a high blowback rate because it is home to the so-called al Qaeda Central , a group whose sole preoccupation is to mount attacks in the West . Al Qaeda excelled at taking foreign fighters who had come to fight with the Taliban and persuading them to undertake attacks in Europe or the United States instead . Most other jihadi groups , even al Qaeda 's own affiliates , are not equally invested in this strategy . True , they all spout anti-American rhetoric and may even dabble in anti-Western extremist actions . But they invest the bulk of their resources in local operations . And so far , that has been true of ISIS , too . Of course , if you look for anti-Western statements and links to potential international plots , you will find them . But these indications actually make up a small proportion of the group 's overall ideological production and military operations . The fact is that there is little to suggest that ISIS has had a sustained and centrally directed global operations program . This is one of the reasons why the blowback rate from Syria has so far been low , several plots notwithstanding . Six plots involving a total of , say , 10 or 20 Syria veterans make for a blowback rate of one in 150 or one in 300 . Yes , it is still early in the conflict , and several plots may have gone unreported . But Syria is still looking like a low blowback foreign fighter destination . There is , however , the question of whether Western intervention in Iraq and Syria will cause ISIS to go global . Certainly , the group has taken a more anti-Western posture over the past few months . It has repeatedly threatened to attack the United States , and it has beheaded American hostages in Syria . In a noteworthy statement , for example , ISIS spokesman Abu Muhammad al-Adnani recently called on supporters worldwide to attack members of the coalition in any way possible . So we should not be surprised if ISIS embarks on a limited but sustained external operations effort , along the lines of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula in Yemen , which combines a primarily local agenda with a small global side operation . Ultimately , though , ISIS is unlikely to go all in on global operations the way al Qaeda Central has . The organization is not designed for that , and such a strategy is not compatible with its state-building ambitions . Besides , ISIS ' threats have so far differed in tone from those of al Qaeda Central . Where the latter says , in effect , that "  we 're coming at you regardless , " ISIS has basically been saying , "  We 'll come at you if you attack us . " It 's a somewhat more reluctant declaration of war . None of this is to suggest that some foreign fighters in Syria wo n't come back and do bad things regardless of what ISIS ' leaders choose to do -- they undoubtedly will . And it is also important to remember one more thing , namely that although the early signs suggest that the threat from foreign fighters returning is low , the potential for attacks is still there . Indeed , if ISIS starts to "  weaponize " its Western recruits in a strategic way , then the foreign fighter threat will take on a more significant -- and more deadly -- complexion than it has so far .	Likelihood of foreign fighters planning attacks in West varies by where they were , writer says ISIS less interested in planning attacks overseas than al Qaeda , Thomas Hegghammer says ISIS is unlikely to go all in on global operations the way al Qaeda has , he says
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Taliban and the government of North West Frontier Province in Pakistan have agreed to a permanent cease-fire in the nation 's volatile Swat Valley , an official said . Girls study this week in Pakistan 's Swat Valley . Education for girls is an issue in peace talks there . Syed Mohammad Javed , commissioner for the Malakand region , which includes Swat Valley , told reporters in Mingora that the two parties had agreed to make permanent a 10-day cease-fire declared earlier this week . Javed said the agreement meant boys schools will reopen on Monday and camps will be set up for Swat residents who have fled the fighting or whose homes had been destroyed . The agreement comes as part of ongoing talks between Sufi Mohammad , a pro-Taliban cleric , and his son-in-law Maulana Fazlullah , the Taliban commander in Swat . Taliban spokesman Muslim Khan confirmed the cease-fire . However , Fazlullah spoke on the radio Saturday , saying although the commissioner announced a permanent cease-fire , the Taliban will meet again after the 10-day truce expires and decide whether it will be extended . Earlier this week , Pakistani government officials announced they had agreed with the Taliban to allow strict Islamic law , or Sharia , to be implemented in the entire Malakand Division . Watch what sharia law requires " It marked a major concession by the Pakistani government in its attempt to hold off Taliban militants who have terrorized the region with beheadings , kidnappings , and the destruction of girls ' schools . The fighting has displaced nearly half of Swat 's population , according to government sources . Fazlullah said Saturday the implementation of sharia law was very important for peace . Like Javed , he said schools for boys will be opened soon . He said he was not against education of girls , but against the syllabus of their education . The issue of education for girls was still under discussion , Javed said . Nearly 8,000 people died as a result of militant-related violence in Pakistan in 2008 , according to the Pakistan Institute of Peace Studies . On Saturday , a NATO oil tanker truck was the target of a roadside bombing on its way to Afghanistan . One one person was killed , a local official said . Two other people were wounded in the attack Saturday morning in the Landi Kotal area of Khyber Agency , one of seven semi-autonomous tribal agencies along the Afghan border , said the official , with the Khyber Agency political agent 's office .	Government , militants agree to make 10-day cease-fire permanent Establishment of strict Islamic law is key to agreement School for boys to reopen soon ; education of girls still up in the air On radio , Taliban spokesman suggests cease-fire not a done deal
NEW YORK  CNN  -- In the midst of Wall Street 's agonizing slide last week , there was at least one place in Manhattan where the liquor was flowing , the cigar smoke was billowing and the theme of the evening was simple : Work hard . Play hard . "  I was a crook , " says Jordan Belfort , once a Wall Street fat cat who made $ 1 million a week before going to jail . "  It 's like fiddling . Nero fiddled while Rome burned , " said Thomas Graf , vice president and producer of Northmarq Capital . "  We 're smoking cigars while we 're losing our shirts , literally . " He was among hundreds of mid-level Wall Street executives and traders gathered for a party thrown by Cigar Report magazine , published by New York-based Doubledown Media . And if they seemed a little tone-deaf about how this kind of event could be perceived as millions of dollars were lost , at least on paper , most did not seem especially concerned . "  It is a great time , " said Adam Marsh of Empire Capital Partners . "  I think for at least a couple of hours in the evening , we can kind of sit back , have a few drinks , forget what 's facing us on the Street tomorrow . " Few of the men and women at the party earned millions in Wall Street bonuses on top of their salaries . But nearly all did very well , they say , at the top of the Wall Street bubble . And their bosses , along with those who managed Wall Street hedge funds , did even better . "  These guys were spending more than $ 250 billion a year , " Robert Frank said . "  They bought mansions in Greenwich and Palm Beach . They bought art for $ 100 million a painting . " Frank , author of "  Richistan , " says the enormous amounts of money earned by Wall Street elite made them practically a nation unto themselves . "  They just looked at the guy with the bigger house , the nicer Ferrari , the better artwork , " he said . "  And it was all competitive spending . " One prominent example is the CEO of Lehman Brothers , Richard Fuld . In 2007 alone , according to the executive compensation firm Equilar , he earned total take-home compensation of more than $ 45 million in salary and bonuses . Congressional researchers said he earned nearly $ 500 million from 2000 through 2007 . Fuld told Congress that the failure of his company centered on inaction on the part of government and a loss of confidence in the financial markets . "  This is a pain that will stay with me for the rest of my life , regardless of what comes out of this committee , regardless of when the record books get written , " Fuld told Congress during a recent hearing . Not every Wall Street executive played by the books . Jordan Belfort was once chairman of a brokerage firm called Stratton Oakmont . In the early to mid - '90s , he called himself the Wolf of Wall Street . He was jailed on federal charges of securities fraud and money laundering . He spent 22 months behind bars and was released in 2005 . "  I was a crook , " Belfort said . At one time , he says , he was earning more than $ 1 million a week . Now , he has been ordered to pay back $ 110 million to his victims , and he said he is working on that . Even the man who first chronicled Wall Street excess to a national audience can barely believe what has happened . Oliver Stone , who wrote and directed the film "  Wall Street " 21 years ago , says the main character in his story , unprincipled stockbroker Gordon Gekko , has been overtaken by reality . "  I never thought it would go to this level , " Stone told CNN 's Larry King . "  I thought the Gordon Gekkos of the world would die out . But they got worse . " So what exactly did the new Gordon Gekkos do to earn those fabulous sums ? "  What they really did was to figure out new and clever ways of investing , " Frank said . "  Of creating financial products that very few of us could understand . " "  On Wall Street , there 's no cost . The only cost is the employees , the executives , " said Andy Serwer , managing editor of Fortune magazine . "  So if a firm is creating a financial product that it can sell for $ 5 million , the person who sells it will get $ 2 million . " But people who earned relatively little on Wall Street are now paying the price as well . Win Hornig , a 25-year-old Minnesotan who worked at both Bear Stearns and J.P. Morgan , is now out of a job . He 's launched a Web site called BankerGoneBroke.com to talk about it . "  My life was basically a disaster , " Hornig said . "  I was working all the time , did n't have a lot to show for it . I came to the conclusion that there was more to life than money . " While it lasted , the good times on Wall Street made money for traders and , of course , for Americans who had invested in the stock market , mainly through their 401  k  contributions . But there is a "  new normal " these days . "  The party is over on Wall Street -- until it comes back again , " Serwer said . "  I 've been around long enough to see that we have these cycles . These guys get their cigars and champagne . They have a great time . The whole thing blows up . But then they re-emerge years later . This one is a really , really bad one . But I do n't think Wall Street is dead . "	Wall Street elite earned enormous amounts of cash , author says Jordan Belfort , known as Wolf of Wall Street , said he was a crook Congressional researchers : Lehman Brothers CEO earned nearly $ 500 million "  The party is over " for now , according to Fortune managing editor
CNN  -- Justice Department officials are tight-lipped , but The Associated Press says it knows why federal agents wanted telephone records of its reporters . A May 7 , 2012 , AP story broke the news that the CIA had thwarted an al Qaeda plot to blow up a U.S.-bound jetliner around the anniversary of the killing of Osama bin Laden by American commandos . The story , which included reporting by five staffers , said the plot was significant in part because the White House had told the public that it had no information about planned attacks around the anniversary . It came two-and-a-half years after a similar attempt by al Qaeda operative Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , who concealed a bomb in his underwear and unsuccessfully attempted to detonate it on a flight to Detroit . The 2012 attempt involved a more sophisticated bomb , the AP reported . "  The AP learned about the thwarted plot last week but agreed to White House and CIA requests not to publish it immediately because the sensitive intelligence operation was still under way , " the news agency report stated . "  Once officials said those concerns were allayed , the AP decided to disclose the plot Monday despite requests from the Obama administration to wait for an official announcement Tuesday . " Sources later told CNN that the operative who was supposed to have carried the bomb had been inserted into al Qaeda 's Yemeni affiliate by Saudi intelligence , and that the device had been handed over to U.S. analysts . One source said Saudi counterterrorism officials were upset that details of the operation had emerged in the United States because they had a network of agents inside the Yemeni branch who could have been compromised by leaks from Washington . Without confirming the focus of the probe , Attorney General Eric Holder said Tuesday that the disclosure was "  within the top two or three most serious leaks I 've ever seen . " "  It put the American people at risk , and that is not hyperbole , " he said . Holder said he has recused himself from the investigation after being questioned by FBI agents as part of the probe , but he defended the Justice Department 's decision to subpoena the AP records . AP President Gary Pruitt has called the subpoenas -- which the news agency learned of last week -- a "  massive and unprecedented intrusion " into its reporting . "  Finally , they say this secrecy is important for national security , " Pruitt wrote to Deputy Attorney General James Cole on Tuesday . "  It is always difficult to respond to that , particularly since they still have n't told us specifically what they are investigating . "	The AP says the leak probe centers on a May 2012 story on a failed bomb plot Attorney General Eric Holder says the revelation "  put the American people at risk " The operative involved had been planted by Saudi intelligence , sources told CNN
CNN  -- The Greek prosecutor 's office issued a warrant Thursday for the arrest of a well-known politician videotaped throwing a glass of water at a colleague and slapping another . Ilias Kasidiaris of Greece 's far-right party Golden Dawn caused a national uproar with his actions during a popular morning television talk show . Police are looking for Kasidiaris , also the party 's spokesman , but no arrest has been reported . Kasidiaris and other candidates appeared on ANT1 TV to discuss the June 17 elections . Rena Dourou of the Coalition of the Radical Left , also known as Syriza , stated that Kasidiaris ' party would take Greece back 500 years , video shows . Kasidiaris is then seen tossing the water glass . But things did not end there . When a candidate from the Communist Party of Greece , Liana Kanelli , stood and waved a newspaper toward Kasidiaris and told him to get out , things got worse . Kasidiaris responded by slapping Kanelli three times , ANT1 TV 's video shows . Kanelli is a well-known former journalist and was a deputy in the Communist Party for many years . Kasidiaris was among the members of his party elected to parliament on May 6 . It is unclear what charges he will face . Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this story .	Arrest warrant issued for Greek politician after turmoil on morning talk show Ilias Kasidiaris was seen throwing water , slapping female politicians on TV They were on talk show to discuss upcoming elections
CNN  -- AC Milan striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been ruled out of a return to his former club Barcelona when the group stage of the European Champions League kicks off on Tuesday . The Sweden international , who spent just one season in Spain following his big-money move from Milan 's city rivals Internazionale in 2009 , suffered a thigh injury in training on Monday . "  The tests carried out showed that the player has a strain in his thigh muscle and will not be leaving for Barcelona with the rest of the squad . He will rest for a few days and then start his treatment towards the end of the week , " the Italian club 's website reported . Ibrahimovic 's absence could mean a reprieve for Italy international Antonio Cassano , who was expected to make way for Brazil star Alexandre Pato despite scoring in the club 's Serie A opener on Friday . Ibrahimovic also netted in that game , a 2-2 draw with Lazio . AC Milan fight back to draw with Lazio Barcelona midfielder Andres Iniesta said he was disappointed that his former teammate would not be lining up at the Camp Nou against the tournament 's defending champions . "  It 's a pity that he ca n't play -- he 's a great player and you always want to play against good players . He really wanted to come and play , and it 's a shame he ca n't make it . However , I do n't think that takes anything away from the game , which should be fantastic , " Iniesta told reporters at a pre-match press conference . Iniesta will renew his rivalry with Milan 's Dutch midfielder Mark van Bommel , with whom he clashed during the 2010 World Cup final . "  It 's true that during the final there was some rough play , but I prefer to think there was no malicious intent . He 's an opponent , but above all we are professional companions and I respect him in all respects , " said Iniesta , who scored the only goal of the match in Johannesburg in extra-time . Barca coach Pep Guardiola is expected to recall two-time world player of the year Lionel Messi , who was rested for Saturday 's shock 2-2 draw with Real Sociedad . The Argentina forward will make his first competitive outing against the seven-time European champions , as he bids to be the competition 's top scorer for the fourth season in a row . Barca will be without new signing Alexis Sanchez , with the Chile midfielder expected to be sidelined for two months after tearing a thigh muscle against Sociedad as the Catalan team dropped their first points of the La Liga season . The match is the pick of Tuesday 's ties , with Viktoria Plzen of the Czech Republic hosting BATE Borisov of Belarus in the other Group H fixture . In Group E , English club Chelsea host Germany 's Bayer Leverkusen , while Spanish side Valencia travel to Belgium to play Genk . Chelsea 's build-up has been marred by a controversy over $ 80 million striker Fernando Torres , who supposedly criticized "  older " teammates in an interview with Spain 's Primera Liga website which was translated to English on his personal Internet page . "  We are going in-depth to regain the tape of that interview . We 'll see if things play exactly as they are in that interview , " said the London team 's manager Andre Villas-Boas . Torres was dropped for Saturday 's win at Sunderland , having earlier lost his place in the Spain squad for the Euro 2012 qualifier against Liechtenstein . Group F sees another England-Germany clash as Bundesliga champions Borussia Dortmund host Arsenal , while French runners-up Marseille visit Greece 's Olympiakos . In Group G , Portuguese champions Porto welcome Ukraine 's Shakhtar Donetsk , and Apoel of Cyprus host Russia 's Zenit St. Petersburg .	Zlatan Ibrahimovic suffers injury ahead of Champions League trip to Barcelona Swede will miss match against former club after damaging his thigh in training Barca to recall star forward Lionel Messi , who was rested in weekend La Liga game Defending champions will be without injured new signing Alexis Sanchez
LifeWire  -- For some , Valentine 's Day can be heavenly . For others , it 's just plain hell . Take Felicia Sullivan , of Brooklyn . Four years ago , she and her live-in boyfriend -- the guy she thought she would marry -- were having a pre-Valentine 's Day brunch when Sullivan leaned over and whispered a few sweet nothings in his ear . "  I said , ` I 'm so happy to know that you 're the one for me . Are n't you glad to know I 'm the one for you ? ' " says Sullivan , 32 , who works in marketing . "  And there was this silence . And then he was , like , ' I know you 're the one for me now . But can you give me until summer to make a final decision ? ' " Aghast at his response , Sullivan quickly broke things off -- but she could n't move until she found a new apartment . Home alone on February 14 in the apartment they shared , she decided to snoop through her ex-boyfriend 's e-mail and discovered he 'd had contact with several other women while they were together . "  I 've never been a big fan of the holiday , " Sullivan says . "  But now I typically refer to it as Black Monday ... " Watch whether romance is still alive " Good times , bad times Sullivan is n't alone in dreading Valentine 's Day . Thanks to super-sized expectations and over-the-top commercialization , February 14 has gone from a sentimental aside to a pressure-filled gauntlet lined with chocolate boxes , tennis bracelets and cheesy stuffed bears . See where the love dollars go " "  The holiday 's designed to make you feel  bad  , " says Judy McGuire , author of "  How Not to Date . " "  If you 're in a relationship , it 's never anything that it 's supposed to be . And if you 're single , you feel like a big loser because you do n't have anybody . I think people should lower Valentine 's Day expectations to pretty much nil . That way , anything that happens is good . " Brian Wise , a 32-year-old technical writer from Seattle has seen his Valentine 's Day go sideways repeatedly -- most memorably the time he ended up in handcuffs  and not in a good way  . "  Last year , I was in Singapore and I met this beautiful woman who took me to dinner at this hot , new restaurant , ' " he says . "  But then she gets food poisoning and ends up in an alley with major gastrointestinal problems . And while I 'm standing guard , the cops pull up and think I 'm paying her for sex . " Wise talked his way out of an arrest  luckily , one of the policemen had eaten at the same place  but he 's found no release from his unlucky Valentine 's . "  It does n't matter who I 'm out with , " he says . "  The day is just cursed . " There are ways , though , to avoid a miserable holiday . Good plans Most women will admit they like to celebrate , but a fancy night on the town is n't necessary . "  Sometimes , hanging out at home can be a lot more fun than going out to some restaurant filled with couples , " says author McGuire . "  Stay home with champagne , caviar and maybe a new toy from a tasteful sex shop . " If you 're not dating anyone , take some time to indulge yourself  a luxurious bar of chocolate , a pedicure  , do something relaxing  take a yoga class or get a massage  or spend time with some of your closest friends . Make sure you 're on the same page And if you do make plans , stick to them . Galen , a 28-year-old secretary from Seattle , and her boyfriend had made special Valentine 's Day plans a month in advance . But on the big night , his buddies showed up and talked him into going out with them instead . "  I was dressed to the nines , " says Galen , who asked that her last name not be used . "  When his friends stopped by , he says , ` Do you mind if I go with them ? ' I said , ` Fine , go , ' being totally sarcastic , and he picked up his coat and left . " Although they talked about it later , Galen said , her boyfriend seemed not to understand that she was unhappy with his wanting to ditch her for his buddies . The two later broke up . Breaking a date on Valentine 's Day is definitely bad form , but automatically expecting one to happen  a much more common scenario  is also problematic . To avoid a disconnect with your significant other , McGuire suggests being honest . Simply expecting your partner to know what you want is unrealistic . Not-so-good gifts If you decide to go the gift route , McGuire recommends not settling for a cliché like a stuffed animal or a hastily purchased bouquet of flowers . "  Listen to what the person talks about , " she says . "  She may want the new ` Godzilla ' game for her Wii . His underwear may be riddled with holes . " Another thing to avoid , advises Katie Briggs , 44 , of Seattle , is the gag gift . A few years ago , Briggs and a new beau went out to a nice restaurant where they shared dinner , drinks and presents . Briggs gave her date homemade cookies and a Starbucks gift card . He gave her a beautifully-wrapped box -- of Spam . "  He thought it was the best joke ever , " says Briggs . "  But it just was n't thoughtful . If you 're going to go with a joke , you need to back it up with something else . " E-mail to a friend LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Diane Mapes is the author of "  How to Date in a Post-Dating World . " Her column , "  Single Shot , " appears in the Seattle Post-Intelligencer .	Woman remembers one Valentine 's Day as "  Black Monday " High expectations for day can come crashing down Man ended Valentine 's Day in handcuffs with date puking Skip gag gifts -- can of Spam not a good gift
CNN  -- It would seem no one saw it coming -- not his parents , not students at his school . Described by his lawyer as "  a typical young kid " who has "  never been in trouble , " 16-year-old Alex Hribal shocked the people in his life and the nation Wednesday when he allegedly went on a rampage at his high school in Murrysville , Pennsylvania , stabbing or slashing 20 students and a security officer . No one knows yet what might have motivated the attack . But pieces of Hribal 's story are starting to come together , so far painting a portrait of a teenage boy no one ever expected to show such violence . "  He 's a typical young kid . He 's a B + student . The family is like Ozzie and Harriet . They have dinner together every night , " said his attorney , Patrick Thomassey . "  All the students liked him . He was n't a loner . He worked well in groups , and this happened . So there 's a reason for it -- that 's what I 'm saying . And we have to get to the bottom of that , " the attorney said . Hribal , who was arraigned as an adult , faces four counts of attempted homicide , 21 counts of aggravated assault and one count of possession of a weapon on school grounds . His attorney said he would file a motion to move the case to juvenile court . He also said it would be important to have his client examined by a psychiatrist to help determine "  where he is mentally . " "  I 'm not sure he knows what he did , quite frankly , " Thomassey said , adding that Hribal feels remorse . "  He 's scared . He 's a young kid . He 's 16 , looks like he 's 12 . I mean , he 's a very young kid , and he 's never been in trouble , so this is all new to him , " the attorney said . ` Shy kid ... kept to himself ' Mia Meixner , a student at Franklin Regional Senior High School , witnessed a part of Wednesday 's attack . "  He  Hribal  was very quiet . He just was kind of doing it , " she said . "  And he had this , like , look on his face that he was just crazy and he was just running around just stabbing whoever was in his way . " She said she did n't know the boy well , but he had been in a lot of her classes . "  From past experiences with him , he has n't been violent at all . He 's actually been a really nice kid from all the times I 've talked to him . He was just more of a shy kid , and kept to himself , " she said . "  He was nice whenever you would talk to him . I never thought anything bad would happen with him . " Meixner said she did n't know of Hribal getting bullied , which was something his attorney also said . "  I 'm not gon na comment on what my client had to say , but I do n't know anything about any bullying , " Thomassey told reporters . Earlier , FBI agents seized Hribal 's personal computer in hopes of discovering a possible motive , according to spokeswoman Kelly Kochamba . ` Not a troubled young man ' Hribal appeared in court shortly after the attack , where it was revealed he has lived in Murrysville since he was 2 . He has an older brother . Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck argued against bail , saying there could be no conditions that would protect the community and noting Hribal made "  statements when subdued by officials that he wanted to die . " A judge agreed , and Hribal is being held without bail at the Westmoreland County Regional Youth Services Center . He did not speak to reporters as he was led into a waiting police car . According to Dan Stevens , the county deputy emergency management coordinator , Hribal had a very minor Facebook presence and did n't have much experience on Twitter . He is not believed to have had a cell phone . Adding to the mystery , Thomassey said his client "  was not a troubled young man to this point . " "  They  his parents  offer their condolences to everybody involved in this case . They 're very upset . They did not foresee this coming at all , " the attorney said . "  This is a nice young man . He 's never been in trouble . " Assistant principal hailed as a ` great man ' Stabbing shatters peace in quiet community Heroes in all forms step up during school stabbing CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Paul Courson and Pamela Brown contributed to this report .	Alex Hribal , 16 , faces 4 counts of attempted homicide , 21 counts of aggravated assault He is accused of going on a stabbing rampage at his Pennsylvania high school Hribal 's lawyer describes his client as "  a typical young kid " who has "  never been in trouble " "  He 's scared ... He 's 16 , looks like he 's 12 , " attorney Patrick Thomassey tells reporters
Haifa , Israel  CNN  -- Nine years after an American activist was crushed by an Israeli army bulldozer , an Israeli civil court ruled Tuesday that Rachel Corrie 's death was an accident . Corrie , 23 , was killed in 2003 while trying to block the bulldozer from razing Palestinian homes . Her parents filed suit against Israel 's Ministry of Defense in a quest for accountability and sought just $ 1 in damages . But Judge Oded Gershon ruled Tuesday that the family has no right to damages , backing an earlier Israeli investigation that cleared any soldier of wrongdoing . "  I believe this was a bad day not only for our family , but a bad day for human rights , for humanity , for the rule of law and also for the country of Israel , " her mother , Cindy Corrie , said after the verdict . "  Rachel 's right to life and dignity were violated by the Israeli military , " she said , adding that her daughter and her family deserve "  accountability . " Driver says he did not see American activist "  A civil lawsuit is not a substitute for a credible investigation , which we never had . This lawsuit was our only recourse as a family , " Cindy Corrie explained . But the state prosecutor 's office said the driver of the bulldozer could n't see Corrie . "  The death of Rachel Corrie is without a doubt a tragic accident , " the office said in a statement . "  As the verdict states -- the driver of the bulldozer and his commander had a very limited field of vision , such that they had no possibility of seeing Ms. Corrie and thus are exonerated of any blame for negligence . " Hussein Abu Hussein , the Corrie family attorney , regards the decision as a "  bad ruling " for the family and all activists . He said the Corries intend to appeal to Israel 's Supreme Court . Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev countered criticism of the verdict by saying that "  the whole idea that this was not a serious procedure is simply non-factual . " "  They  the Corries  have lost a loved one , and we can all empathize with them , " Regev said . "  But I thik their criticism of the Israeli judiciary is unfounded . The Israeli judiciary is known for its independence , which they fiercely guard . " Corrie was nonviolently protesting the demolition of Palestinian civilian homes in Rafah , Gaza , when she died . She was working with the Palestinian-led International Solidarity Movement at the time . Corrie 's parents say they have searched for answers in their daughter 's death for years . "  The more we found out , the more likely that the killing was intentional , or at least incredibly reckless , " father Craig Corrie said in 2010 . "  As a former soldier , I was even in charge of bulldozers in Vietnam . ... You 're responsible to know what 's in front of that blade , and I believe that they did . " Craig Corrie said the soldiers , too , are victims . He does not view them with disdain . "  So I 'm not full of hatred for this person , but it was a horrendous act to kill my daughter , and I hope he understands that . " In 2010 , the Israeli soldier who drove the bulldozer testified publicly for the first time -- from behind a partition . The driver 's identity has never been revealed , and he was not charged after a monthlong Israeli investigation found that no Israeli soldier was to blame . Corrie 's parents can not take him to court because the Israeli Supreme Court has upheld a decision to shield him . The driver testified repeatedly that he did not see Corrie before he struck her , saying there was a pile of rubble impeding his vision . Hanan Ashrawi , a member of the Palestine Liberation Organization Executive Committee and head of the PLO Department of Culture and Information , also condemned the ruling . She said that the evidence shows Corrie was "  deliberately murdered " and that the Israeli court has victimized her again . "  We must make sure that Rachel Corrie 's death is not a senseless incident , " Ashrawi said in a statement . "  It must be stressed that Israel 's habit of blaming the victim and exonerating the criminal is not  only  applied to Palestinian victims , but also it has extended its reach to international solidarity activists and victims of Israeli violence . " Amnesty International said that the court upheld a "  flawed Israeli military investigation , completed within one month " of Corrie 's death and that the "  verdict seems to have ignored substantial evidence presented to the court , including by eyewitnesses . " "  Rachel Corrie was clearly identifiable as a civilian , as she was wearing a fluorescent orange vest when she was killed , " said Sanjeev Bery , Middle East and North Africa advocacy director for Amnesty International USA . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the United States has worked with the Corries "  all through this process and we will continue to provide consular support . " "  We understand the family 's disappointment with the outcome of the trial . Under Israeli law the family has the right to appeal the verdict and we 've seen reports that they are considering doing that . So we will see how this proceeds going forward . " Since Corrie 's death , soccer players in Gaza have honored the activist with an annual memorial tournament . "  Rachel Corrie : The Palestinian People Wo n't Forget Their Highly Respected Friends , " a wall near the makeshift concrete soccer field reads . "  There 's never closure , " Cindy Corrie said , "  when you have a family member killed in such a way . "	A PLO member denounces the Israeli court ruling The Corrie family 's attorney says they intend to appeal Prosecutor 's office : Rachel Corrie 's death is tragic , but the driver did n't see her Corrie died in 2003 trying to block a bulldozer from razing Palestinian homes
Washington  CNN  -- Washington police were investigating on Sunday whether an off-duty officer drew his gun in the midst of a snowball fight involving a couple hundred people . The Metropolitan Police Department said video from a local media outlet at the scene Saturday did not show the officer with his weapon drawn . However , authorities have since received "  additional images and statements that would seem to support the allegation that the off-duty member did pull a gun , " a police statement said . About 200 people from a D.C. neighborhood had gathered Saturday to brave a snowstorm for a massive snowball fight , CNN affiliate WJLA reported . "  It was pretty fun , " one unidentified participant told WJLA . "  And then , you know , when the gun came out , uh , it just changed the tone of the thing a little bit . " The off-duty , plainclothes officer was driving in the area of the snowball fight when several snowballs hit his vehicle , police said . The officer exited the vehicle and yelled at the crowd , WJLA reported ; witnesses accused that officer of drawing his gun . A uniformed police officer who subsequently arrived was holding a gun at his hip , but he eventually returned it to his holster , video from WJLA shows . MPD Assistant Chief Peter Newsham said the uniformed officer was responding to a 911 call that someone -- apparently the plainclothes officer -- had a gun , according to WJLA . The uniformed officer holstered his weapon when he recognized the plainclothes officer , Newsham said , according to WJLA . The police statement said "  there is no evidence that -LSB- officers -RSB- pointed any weapons in the direction of the crowd or at any individuals . "	Plainclothes police officer accused of drawing gun at snowball fight in Washington , D.C. "  Images and statements ... would seem to support the allegation , " police say About 200 people were in snowball fight when officer 's vehicle was hit , police say Police : Separate , uniformed officer held a gun while checking report of armed person
CNN  -- Despite the ribbing he took from President Barack Obama and comedian Seth Meyers , media mogul Donald Trump proclaimed Saturday night 's White House Correspondents Dinner "  an entertaining evening . " Trump , who has indicated that he is considering a run for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination , was the focus of many of the barbs thrown by Obama and head "  Saturday Night Live " writer Meyers . In Washington , Trump still talk of town "  They were pretty personal , but I expected that I was going to be zinged , " Trump told CNN 's Don Lemon on Sunday night . At one point in the presentation , Obama singled out an unsmiling Trump and credited him with making hard decisions -- such as firing Gary Busey over Meat Loaf on an episode of "  The Celebrity Apprentice " -- and succeeding in his push for the president to release his long-form birth certificate . "  Now , he can focus on more important matters like , did we fake the moon landing ? What really happened in Roswell ? And where are Biggie and Tupac ? " Obama said , referring to Neil Armstrong 's 1969 walk on the moon , the alleged UFO crash in New Mexico and the deaths of rappers Biggie Smalls and Tupac Shakur . But appearances aside , Trump had nothing but good things to say about Obama 's comedic timing , telling CNN that "  some of what the president did was pretty good . " "  It 's my honor , " he added , referring to the amount of jokes directed at him . "  It was a lion 's pit , I was walking into it , I 've been there before , and you know , I thought it was an entertaining evening . " He had less kind words for Meyers , however , calling his performance "  poor . " "  I thought that Seth had a hard time getting the words out , " he said . Trump has not formally announced a run for the presidential nomination , saying it would be inappropriate to do so while his reality show "  Celebrity Apprentice " is airing . Trump a serious contender ? He said Sunday that he is giving it "  very , very serious thought , " and an announcement will be made before June . "  I think a lot of people will be very happy with my announcement , " he told Lemon . Watch CNN Newsroom weekdays 9am to 3pm ET and weekends . For the latest from the CNN Newsroom click here .	Donald Trump calls annual White House press event an "  entertaining evening " He was the focus of many of the jokes from Obama and headliner Seth Meyers "  I expected that I was going to be zinged , " Trump says
CNN  -- The Supreme Court of the United States has long been a unique political and legal institution . Our justices are the only judges in the world who sit on a nation 's highest court for life . Their power to strike down the political decisions of the president , the Congress and the states  the power of judicial review  is nowhere spelled out in our Constitution . Yet , since the beginning , both the court and the American people have assumed that power to exist . The justices do n't act like normal judges bound by law  because they 're not  , but they are not quite lawmakers , either . Having neither the "  purse nor the sword , " the justices rely solely on the elected branches of government for the enforcement of their decisions . Their power rests mostly on the prestige they hold with the governed , and lately , more and more of the governed are having grave doubts about the nine most powerful judges in the world . Last week , a new poll by Greenberg Quinlan Rosner Research , a Democratic Party-allied pollster , for Democracy Corps set the social media world atwitter . More than 50 % of those polled were reported to believe that the justices let "  their own personal or political views influence their decisions , " and more than 70 % said that the justices should have fixed terms , not life tenure . Not surprisingly , the poll revealed great support for television cameras in the Supreme Court , a move the justices have rejected for way too long . Over 85 % of those polled also said that the justices should be bound by the same judicial code of ethics as other federal judges  they are not  and that their financial records should be more transparent . There can be quibbles with how some of the poll questions were asked , but there is little doubt that the results demonstrated that the American people are becoming more disenchanted with the nation 's highest Court . On Sunday , Adam Liptak , the excellent Supreme Court reporter for the New York Times , wrote a lengthy story suggesting that the court is more partisan than ever before , reflecting the deep divisions in our political and media world . The tag line for an article on the new poll in Salon was "  in an increasingly divided country , it seems that everyone can agree that they hate the Supreme Court . " And the Huffington Post concluded that "  wide majorities are losing faith in the Roberts Supreme Court . " This new poll confirms what I have been arguing , including on this website , for a long time . There are  at least  two fundamental changes that we need to make to the Supreme Court of the United States . The first is easy and should be non-controversial . The American people have a right to see on their televisions , tablets and smartphones the oral arguments and decision announcements of the Supreme Court . More than half of state supreme courts , and the Supreme Courts of Canada and the United Kingdom , televise their proceedings with great success , and there are simply no persuasive arguments that the most powerful court in the world should n't do the same . The American people feel that the justices are hiding from them , and that can not do anything but damage the confidence we have in the justices . The second change is much harder but even more important . Here 's a simple rule that I think applies to all democracies : No governmental official who wields great power should hold their office for life . Period . The original idea was that the justices would be appointed at a relatively old age and serve for a few years . That idea is not just quaint but antiquated . Justices John Paul Stevens and William Brennan both served for more than 30 years , and Justice Elena Kagan , who was 50 when appointed , may well serve for 40 more years . No human being can be expected to perform their job well when they know they have such great power and can never be fired . Additionally , numerous justices such as William O. Douglas and Thurgood Marshall served past the time of competence . Moreover , it is just crazy that presidents who serve the same number of years appoint fewer or greater justices based on either the randomness of illness and death or even politically timed judicial retirements . For example , President George W. Bush drastically changed the balance on the court by appointing Justice Samuel Alito , a staunch conservative , to replace the more moderate Sandra Day O'Connor , while President Carter did n't have the opportunity to nominate even a single justice during his four years as president . We need a constitutional amendment giving the justices fixed terms and a salary for life . This type of system provides much-needed judicial independence without the downsides of life tenure . As far as hoping the justices will decide cases under the law without regard to their personal value preferences , no poll can provide a solution to that problem which will be with us for as long as the justices exercise judicial review . But at least we can make them use that power more transparently for all the world to see and limit the time that each individual justice wields such extraordinary authority .	Poll finds public believes Supreme Court decides cases on political grounds Eric Segall says Americans losing faith in the court because of its partisanship He says court should televise its proceedings and judges should n't have life tenure Segall : Extraordinary power of justices should be reined in by time limits , transparency
DEUTSCHNEUDORF , Germany  CNN  -- Digging has resumed at a site in the southeastern German town of Deutschneudorf , where treasure hunters believe there are almost 2 tons of Nazi gold and possibly clues to the whereabouts of the legendary Amber Room , a prize taken from a Russian castle during World War II . Treasure hunters use modern technology to try to locate the lost Nazi gold . Heinz Peter Haustein , one of the two treasure hunters and a member of Germany 's parliament , said : "  We have already hit a hollow area under the surface , it 's filled with water and we are not sure if it is the cave we are looking for . " Digging was stopped more than a week ago amid safety concerns , as authorities and the treasure hunters feared that the shaft might collapse and that the cave -- if it is there -- may be rigged with explosives or poisonous booby traps . At a news conference Friday , Christian Hanisch , the other treasure hunter , said that geological surveying equipment had located a possible cave about 30 feet under the surface containing "  precious metals that can only be either gold or silver . The instruments would not have reacted to any other metal like copper . " See photos from hunt for lost Nazi gold " Hanisch pointed out that his father , who was a navigator in the Luftwaffe , the Nazi air force , was one of the troops said to have been involved in hiding art , gold and silver as the Nazis realized that they would lose the war . He said that when his father died , he left coordinates leading to the spot in Deutschneudorf . "  It 's not about getting the reward , " Hanisch said at the site . "  I just want to know if my father was right and if my instincts were right . " Haustein , who is paying for the expedition , said he hopes that finding the gold could lead to the Amber Room , whose interior is made completely of amber and gold . It was looted by the Nazis from a castle in St. Petersburg , Russia , after Adolf Hitler 's forces invaded the Soviet Union in 1941 . The room looked so majestic , many called it "  the eighth wonder of the world . " It disappeared after the war , and today a replica stands in its place in St. Petersburg . Although parts of the Amber Room have resurfaced , the vast majority remains missing . Haustein has been looking for the room for more than 12 years . Watch hunt for Nazi gold at German mountain " "  I am certain that large parts of the Amber Room are buried somewhere here , " he said . He said he has collected much circumstantial evidence suggesting that the Nazis hid the Amber Room in old copper mines around Deutschneudorf , but he has no proof . Haustein said the Nazis began bringing valuables including art , gold and silver to the region around Deutschneudorf as early as summer 1944 . Deutschneudorf is in Germany 's Ore Mountains , and the mountain where the treasure hunters claim to have found the Nazi gold was a copper mine until the 19th century . Although the mine was shut down in 1882 , geologists found evidence that soldiers from Hitler 's Wehrmacht -- the German armed forces -- had been there . The machine guns , parts of uniforms and explosives are on display at the town 's museum . Though both treasure hunters say they are certain they will find cultural goods , both admit that they fear disappointment . "  Of course , if you embark on something like this , you ask yourself : ` What if we find nothing again ? What if I was fooled ? ' " Haustein said . "  But every man has to go his own way , for better or for worse . " If they do find the treasure , Haustein says , it would legally belong to Germany , although he would recommend that Germany give any Amber Room parts back to Russia . Treasure hunters have typically received rewards of 10 percent of the value of the goods found , but Hanisch says there are no laws dictating the reward amount . E-mail to a friend	Digging in search of lost Nazi gold resumed on Tuesday Treasure hunters think 2 tons of treasure could be buried in mountainside Men behind mission battle doubts : "  What if we find nothing again ? "
CNN  -- The rush to be the first kid on the block with the latest iPhone is on . At midnight on Thursday , the new iPhone 5 became available for pre-order online through the Apple , Verizon , Sprint and AT&T sites . On Friday , major online outlets had already moved their estimated shipping dates back , indicating a large volume of orders or limited supply of iPhones ready to ship next Friday , September 21 . In the U.S. , Apple says new iPhones pre-ordered online now will ship in two to three weeks . AT&T is estimating that all versions of the iPhone 5 -- black and white ; 16GB , 32GB and 64GB -- will start shipping in 14 to 21 business days , which is the first week of October . Verizon is listing its delivery date as Friday , September 28 . As of this writing , Sprint was the only outlet still posting the September 21 shipping date , and that was only for the two larger models . The 16GB iPhone 5 's shipping date is listed as "  up to two weeks . " Hands on with the new iPhone 5 The shipping times began shifting back just an hour after the phones first became available , according to the MacRumors blog . Apple and other outlets are not yet sharing numbers for how many units have been pre-ordered . A Verizon spokesperson told CNN only that "  Dates are based on order volumes so customers have a realistic expectation as to when they will get their new iPhone 5 . " An Apple spokesperson told AllThingsD that the company was "  blown away " by the response . Eager iPhone fans who simply must get an iPhone on day-one might have better luck with one of the stores offering in-store pre-orders . Best Buy is n't taking orders for the iPhone 5 online before its Sept 21 launch , but customers can go into a Best Buy location to pre-pay for the device and return to pick it up on launch day . The advanced difficulty level -- standing up , getting dressed , leaving the house , commuting to a Best Buy -- might mean less competition for pre-order units . A Best Buy in San Francisco had between 40 and 50 people walk in and pre-order the iPhone 5 on Friday . Walmart is offering in-store pre-orders for the first time , Bloomberg reported , but it appears the retail giant is only selling the 16GB iPhone 5 , not the larger capacity versions . There 's also the often overlooked Radio Shack . Radio Shack locations are taking pre-orders in person , but the locations usually only get a small number of units on the first day . Target typically carries the iPhone , but at this time the site makes no mention of the iPhone 5 . The iPhone 4S is still listed as available . A final option is to wait in line on September 21 to buy a unit . iPhone launch days tend to draw lines of enthusiastic Apple fans to Apple stores around the country , many camping out overnight . Some entrepreneurial types offer their line-standing services on Craigslist , making as much as a few hundred dollars holding the spot for someone else .	Vendors offering iPhone 5 pre-sales online are moving back estimated shipping dates Some stores , including Best Buy and Walmart , are offering in-store pre-sales The iPhone starts shipping next Friday , September 21 , the same day it is available in stores
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Congressional Budget Office is now estimating that limits on medical malpractice lawsuits -- reforms favored by many Republicans -- could save the government as much as $ 54 billion over the next 10 years . Sen. Orrin Hatch , R-Utah , has raised questions about how much malpractice reform would save . The government spends about $ 2.5 trillion on health care every year . A tort reform package that includes caps on jury awards of $ 500,000 for punitive damages and $ 250,000 for "  pain and suffering " damages would lower liability insurance premiums by about 10 percent , according to a report from the nonpartisan office issued late last week . Such laws would lower expenditures on government programs like Medicare and Medicaid by roughly $ 41 billion , according to the report . An additional $ 13 billion would be gained from taxable wages over 10 years as employers reduce the amount they spend on health care . Watch a report on the findings " The research was revealed in a letter sent Friday from Douglas Elmendorf , director of the Congressional Budget Office , to Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch , a Republican who has raised questions about how much malpractice reform would save . But the reform package outlined in the report seems unlikely to pass , since the White House opposes capping jury awards . Two Democratic senators told CNN 's "  State of the Union with John King " on Sunday that regulating malpractice lawsuits is a flawed solution . "  I do n't think the way to go is to limit the rights of Americans who are injured by negligent or intentional conduct , " Pennsylvania Sen. Bob Casey told CNN . "  A $ 250,000 cap on damages , in my humble opinion , is insulting to our system of justice . " Michigan Democratic Sen. Debbie Stabenow suggested that the Republican approach to malpractice reform was too simplistic . She said limits on damages imposed in Michigan had not stemmed increases in the malpractice insurance rates paid by doctors .	Report sees savings from limits on medical malpractice suits in next 10 years It says caps on jury awards would cut liability insurance premiums by about 10 % But reforms unlikely to pass , since White House opposes capping jury awards
CNN  -- When I was young , one of my best friends lived in my grandmother 's village . I saw Chrissie every weekend as we made our way through childhood -- she in the village school and I in the town school . We finally came together as students in secondary school . Sadly , Chrissie studied with me for only one term , as her parents could not afford the school fee of $ 6 . She returned to her village , married early and had more than a half-dozen children . She lives there still , locked in poverty . My parents , on the other hand , could afford the school fees , and I was lucky enough to finish my schooling and eventually to run a successful business . Now , I am president of Malawi . On Wednesday , I take the floor of the U.N. General Assembly as the second female president of an African country , and one of about 14 in the world , I am honored to bring my message of hope for Malawi and for Africa to the world . When I travel through my country and talk to the people , I see myself and Chrissie in the children I meet , who are bursting with intelligence and creativity and joy . But when I take the stage at the United Nations to represent my country , I also represent the parents of Malawi 's children , the women who fear the dangers of giving birth and the men who search desperately to find work to pay for their families ' basic needs . The bad news about Malawi is not news to anyone . About 85 % of Malawians live in rural villages in extreme poverty ; AIDS and malaria are rampant . A single crop failure can ruin so many . These development challenges are intertwined in the lives of Malawians , and we must fight for progress on many fronts if we are to lift my country from poverty . The journeys of women in my country -- and in countries all over the developing world -- are never easy . The health of our women in particular is central to many of our development challenges , and is an issue to which I have been devoted since I almost lost my life delivering my fourth child . It was only because I was fortunate enough to have access to a specialist in a hospital that I am alive today . Last year , I visited a hospital where a baby had just died . Born in the dark of night with no electricity , that child had the cord wrapped around her neck and no one had seen it . In clinics I see women waiting to give birth on the floors of the corridors because there is no other place . When I took office , I launched the Presidential Initiative for Maternal Health and Safe Motherhood , a project that I hope will reverse the poor access to reproductive health services for women in my country . Our girls , 15 - and 16-year-olds , are having children themselves ; they should be going to school , and we must support them and provide them with family planning education . When we empower women with education and access to reproductive health services , we can lift an entire nation . Women who can choose when to have children and how many they will have are more likely to complete their education , start small businesses and participate actively in society . And as I witnessed with my friend Chrissie , education itself is vital to give women that choice in the first place . This is why efforts to improve the lives of women and children reinforce efforts to strengthen our economy and reduce poverty . After the speeches of the world leaders are over , the U.N. General Assembly will come together to determine how it will tackle poverty and set benchmarks to measure progress in economic development . I will do everything I can to make sure that women 's reproductive health remains a central focus . We can not afford to squander the potential of girls such as Chrissie any longer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joyce Banda .	Childhood friend of Malawi President Joyce Banda had to drop out of school Chrissie 's family could n't pay for school , Banda says , so now she lives in poverty with kids Banda : In Malawi , girls often give birth and have no health care Banda calls for education , access to birth control to lift families out of poverty
CNN  -- Getting hired or promoted in today 's competitive environment is no easy feat . But , then again , neither was our pitch for MasterCard . The rules of the game were made clear : whichever advertising campaign had the best consumer test score would be declared the winner and awarded the MasterCard account . Yet , despite the fact that our now famous "  Priceless " campaign did not fare well in testing , we won the business , and the rest is history . Fifteen years later , "  Priceless " remains one of the most recognizable ad campaigns in recent history . So why did we win the business , defying set rules and what early testing said would be a failure ? According to MasterCard 's CMO Larry Flanagan , it was because of our "  core " -- we were a fighting and a cohesive team of competitors , who believed with every ounce of our beings that this campaign would crush their long-standing competitor , Visa . In other words , we had tapped their "  hidden agenda . " The hidden agenda is the unspoken , visceral , emotional motivation that is behind every decision . Whether deciding who wins the billion dollar deal ... or the job , the hidden agenda is always at work . Your mission is to connect to it , and here 's how : Do your hidden-agenda homework It 's not enough to know factoids about the company . That 's table stakes . Do your homework about the emotional state of the company . Are they on a high , yet searching for the next big thing ? Are they in crisis and in need of a turnaround ? Are they guided by a value system that drives the decisions they make ? It turns out that every decision stems from a hidden agenda , which can be found in three forms : â $ cents Wants are about people viewing their circumstances through the lens of ambition and confidence . â $ cents Needs are about viewing circumstances through the lens of fear or concern . â $ cents Values are about people viewing the world entirely through the lens of their belief systems . In addition to understanding the company 's hidden agenda , study the person who will be interviewing you to determine their hidden agenda . Connect with your real ambition I had breakfast a few weeks ago with a very compelling young man . This electrifying fellow was exuberant , quirky bordering on eccentric , and without pretense . He spoke of what he hoped to create in his life , and I hired him on the spot . Your real ambition is a deep desire to create something special that does n't yet exist . It 's bigger than mere ambition because it 's noble . When the person you are trying to reach is touched by your real ambition and makes common cause , they 'll hire you . Try this : Think about what you want to accomplish , but precede with the words "  I will ... " Make sure it is seemingly impossible , devoid of practicality and utterly fantastic . You can create a shared bond with your interviewer , because they see you both share a common vision . See also : Is happiness the secret of success ? Bond with your credo A company is many things , but it is a community first . Each community has a set of values that bind them ; I call it a credo , Latin for "  I believe . " Dig deeply and look behind the facts and figures . What does the company you 're applying to believe ? If you want to be part of it , know it and connect yourself to it . Try this : Take out a sheet of paper , and write "  I believe that ... " What words would you select ? What values would you express that would make you proud for others to see ? Connections are made because of the beliefs you share . You 'll be hired , because your interviewer will see that your credo syncs perfectly with theirs . Ignite with your core Your core is what makes you stand out from the pack . While many people have similar traits , your core is comprised of a set of skills , abilities , and strengths that , together , are completely unique to you . And as was the case with MasterCard , your core will be seen as something the company needs -- the "  answer to their prayers " and a means by which you can help them . See also : Is workplace boredom ` the new stress ? ' Critical to your core is authenticity . As a wonderful mentor once told me when I was presenting what I thought was a perfect version of myself and thinking that the real me was no road to glory : the person you are is the person they want to see . They are hiring you , not a manufactured version of something or someone else . Try this : Ask five people who know you well and support you to write down the key characteristics they associate with you . Not only will you be staggered by what you 'll get , but you will also feel proud and affirmed . You mobilize people to hire you , because their vital needs are satisfied by the authenticity and sincerity of your core . Your pursuit for the promotion or job of your dreams is not a fact and figures game -- it is a human game . When you make a profound connection with the emotional desire of your boss or interviewer , the facts and figures will take the backseat , every time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Allen .	Every company has an emotional motivation , or hidden agenda , says Kevin Allen He believes tapping into the hidden agenda is key to getting your dream job Share your ` real ambition ' to connect with potential employers When applying for a job , show that you connect with the company 's core beliefs
One year after the Boston Marathon bombings and almost three years after his death in a CIA drone strike in Yemen , Anwar al-Awlaki , the New Mexico-born American cleric who was an operational leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , continues to be a major influence on violent jihadist extremists in the United States . Even in death , al-Awlaki is the key cleric in the English-speaking world of radical Islam that militants are turning to for inspiration . His many lectures and interviews are still widely available on the Internet , and they are in colloquial English to boot . Al-Awlaki , for instance , influenced the suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings . Al-Awlaki was born in 1971 in Las Cruces , New Mexico , where his father was studying agricultural economics at New Mexico State University as a Fulbright scholar . As an undergrad , al-Awlaki attended Colorado State University , studying engineering . In 1994 while living in Colorado , al-Awlaki married his first wife , a cousin from Yemen . A year later , al-Awlaki moved to San Diego , where he took up a job as a cleric at a local mosque . By his own account , it was during this period that al-Awlaki began to develop a hatred for the United States , feelings he was quite adept at keeping to himself . This hatred was sparked by the first Gulf War , which followed Saddam Hussein 's invasion of Kuwait in August 1990 . Six months later a massive American army based in Saudi Arabia expelled Hussein 's troops from Kuwait . After Hussein 's armies were ignominiously pushed out of Kuwait , a large-scale U.S. military presence in Saudi Arabia continued for many years . For politicized , fundamentalist Muslims such as al-Awlaki , the presence of thousands of "  infidel " American troops on the holy land of Saudi Arabia was a deep irritant . During his years living in San Diego and later in Virginia , al-Awlaki met with three of the 9/11 hijackers in the months before the attacks . Almost a decade later he also gave the order to Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , the "  underwear bomber " to take down an American plane with a bomb . AbdulMutallab ignited his bomb on Northwest Flight 253 on Christmas Day 2009 as it flew over the suburbs of Detroit , but luckily the device failed to detonate properly . As a result of the operational role al-Awlaki was playing in al Qaeda , President Barack Obama gave the authorization for his death , and on the morning of September 30 , 2011 , CIA drones locked on to the vehicle he was traveling in Yemen and fired missiles that killed the cleric . Obama called the death of al-Awlaki a "  major blow " to al-Qaeda in Yemen , which had now lost its "  leader of external operations . " But it turns out that killing the militant cleric was easier than killing his ideas that linger on in the virtual world . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , the younger brother who survived a shootout with police shortly after the Boston Marathon bombings , had downloaded articles written by al-Awlaki , according to the indictment against him . Tsarnaev also downloaded the first issue of Inspire magazine , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's English-language webzine , which al-Awlaki helped to produce . Law enforcement officials linked the pipe bombs allegedly used by the Tsarnaev brothers in the Boston Marathon bombings to step-by-step instructions for how to build similar pipe bombs that were printed in that first issue of Inspire . The Tsarnaev brothers may not be the only individuals in the United States to have been influenced by al-Awlaki . According to a count by the New America Foundation , since 9/11 , 52 American citizens or U.S. residents indicted in a jihadist terrorist-related crime or that have been killed have cited al-Awlaki as an influence , possessed his propaganda or were in communication or met with him . Al-Awlaki was in e-mail communication , for instance , with Maj. Nidal Hasan , who killed 13 people in a shooting at Fort Hood , Texas , in 2009 . Nor are the Tsarnaevs the only Americans likely to be influenced by Inspire magazine . According to a count by the New America Foundation , at least 16 individuals indicted since the magazine 's first issue in 2010 have possessed or cited Inspire as an influence . Even today , court documents continue to cite al-Awlaki and Inspire as influencing factors in terrorism cases . Eighteen individuals indicted in the United States since al-Awlaki 's death in 2011 have cited his influence or possessed his propaganda . In June , for instance , Justin Kaliebe , an 18-year-old New Yorker , pleaded guilty to attempting to travel to Yemen to join al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . According to his plea agreement , Kaliebe told an undercover officer , "  My standard is Sheik Anwar Al-Awlaki and Sheik Osama  bin Laden  , both who bore witness to the truth . " In November , the government indicted Basit Sheikh , a 29-year-old living in North Carolina , and charged him with attempting to provide material support to al-Nusra Front , a Syrian al Qaeda affiliate . The criminal complaint alleges that Sheikh posted a link on Facebook to a propaganda video narrated by al-Awlaki . In December , the government filed an indictment against Terry Loewen , a 58-year-old man from Wichita , Kansas , alleging he attempted to explode a car bomb at the Wichita Mid-Continent Airport . The criminal complaint alleges that Loewen told an undercover FBI informant , "  Brothers like Osama bin Laden and Anwar al-Awlaki are a great inspiration to me , " and , "  I have read Anwar Al-Awlaki 's 44 ways of Jihad , and like everything l 've ever read of his , it 's very informative . " In March , Nicholas Teausant , a 20-year-old from Acampo , California , was arrested and charged with attempting to travel to fight in Syria . The criminal complaint alleges that Teausant 's computer contained copies and excerpts of Inspire . It is not just the U.S. government that continues to view al-Awlaki as maintaining , even in death , his power to influence . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula continues to publish Inspire . The latest issue appeared in March featuring a purported interview with al-Awlaki made before his death in which he urged attacks on Western civilians . Al Qaeda and individuals motivated by the group 's ideology continue to view al-Awlaki as an important voice so his writings , available on the Internet , will likely continue to crop up in terrorism cases for the foreseeable future . What can be done to counter this ? An implausible approach is a "  takedown " effort . Trying to eliminate al-Awlaki 's writings on "  holy war " on the Internet just wo n't work . Eliminate them on some sites , and they will simply pop up on others . Another more plausible approach would be for English-speaking Muslim clerics to contest publicly and widely al-Awlaki 's arguments for justified holy wars against non-Muslims . So far such efforts remain limited both in number and reach .	Peter Bergen says a terrorist killed in a U.S. drone strike continues to influence jihadists He says it was easier for U.S. to kill Anwar al-Awlaki than to eliminate support for his ideas Suspect in Boston bombings downloaded al-Awlaki 's articles and his magazine , Bergen says Bergen : Many other charges have been brought against followers of al-Awlaki
We arrive in the morning at the Animal Quarantine Center in Nakhon Phanom , north-east Thailand , just a few kilometers away from mountains which outline the border with Laos . The summer heat is already beating down hard and it 's only 9 a.m. . But it 's not humidity that hits me as I climb out of the 4WD , rather the overwhelming smell of dog urine and feces . This is a makeshift shelter that should be housing a maximum of 400 dogs . Instead there are more than 1,700 animals being kept in large concrete pens at the compound . Staff work around the clock . This region is the heartland for the cruel and inhumane dog smuggling trade . The illegal operation sees an estimated 200,000 dogs transported in trucks from Thailand into neighboring Laos , across the Mekong River and driven across to Vietnam where the meat is considered a delicacy . Some believe it has medicinal qualities and acts as an aphrodisiac -- black dogs are apparently the best for sexual dysfunction . Yet no scientific proof has ever proved such a claim . The dogs at this shelter were intercepted more than a month ago after Thai authorities stopped several trucks trying to cross the border into Laos . The drivers were arrested but no one was prosecuted . Their cargo ? Thousands of dogs crammed into small steel cages -- at least a dozen dogs to a cage -- where they are left for days on end without food or water , while the smugglers make their week-long journey . Some of the dogs die from suffocation along the way . Others endure broken bones and crushed skulls during the trip . And they 're all disease ridden . These dogs were destined for restaurants in Vietnam where a single dog can be sold on average for $ 60 an animal . It 's a lucrative business for smugglers , considering a dog fetches only a few dollars in Thailand . John Dalley , founder of the Phuket-based Soi Dog Foundation , moved to Thailand from the UK 10 years ago on a mission to help the country 's overwhelming stray dog population . The charity , which relies on donations from animal-lovers around the world , set up an immunization program , and just last week neutered its 50,000 th dog . There are now plans to expand the program nationwide . Dalley says the dogs would have endured an even more horrific ordeal if the truck had n't been intercepted . "  At best , they could have been clubbed -- maybe unconscious , maybe not -- and had their throats slit in from of other dogs and they all know what 's going on . At worst , they 're skinned alive , strung up and beaten ... while alive , set on fire , " he said . "  It 's a horrendous death and that 's what we 're trying to stop . Never mind that it 's illegal to do it -- it 's the sheer inhumanity of this trade that this can still be going on in the 21st century . " While these dogs did n't end up on dinner plates in Vietnam , they were struck by disease that spread like wildfire through the shelter due to the overcrowding . "  This place should just be for dogs coming in , to get vaccinated and then to leave and move on to other shelters . But they 're all full , if not overflowing , and these dogs desperately need loving homes , " he said . The few that are cute , fluffy or pedigrees are swiftly adopted but the majority -- mangy strays and street dogs -- will never leave the concrete floors and wire fencing of the shelter . Chusak Pongpanit , chief of the Animal Quarantine Station , also knows the challenges in front of him . "  We still need a lot of funds because we will have to take care of these dogs for a long time before they can find homes -- if they find homes . " Meters away from the pens that divide the sick dogs and the healthy is a building that houses the critically ill . Skin hangs from their frail , skeletal bodies . Many are covered in sores , while others have mucus dangling from their noses -- often a sign of pneumonia , distemper or canine parvovirus infection . Last month , disease claimed 780 dogs . While we watch the veterinarians try to minimize pain and suffering , a dog takes its final breath and passes away on a stainless steel trolley . Marisa Goudie is one of several vets from the UK who have flown to Thailand , volunteering their time to help local staff try to stop the outbreak . The Soi Dog Foundation that supports the shelter with food , drugs and vaccinations put out an SOS last month and the Worldwide Veterinary Service , Animals Asia and the Humane Society International -- organizations based in the United States , Britain and the Philippines -- answered the call for help . "  It 's heartbreaking being here . These dogs are inherently still wanting to trust humans after everything they 've been through , " said Goudie , as she pulled her stethoscope away from the bony ribcage of the dead dog . The challenge facing western veterinarian staff that have flown into assist is the Buddhist religious beliefs of the Thais that do n't allow dogs to be euthanized . "  We do have our hands tied because of religious issues and that 's something that internally we 're conflicted with -- but we need to respect their views , " Goudie explained . Hayley Walters is a veterinarian nurse based in Edinburgh , Scotland and arrived at the shelter just a few days ago . Not being able to put a dog out of its misery goes against every bone in her body . "  It 's heartbreaking because in the western world we would help them on their way . But here we can only give palliative care -- make them as comfortable as possible . We give them pain relief , with the really skinny ones we give them some cardboard to sleep on and some kind words . But that 's the saddest thing -- we ca n't send them on their way . " As for the relatively healthy ones , she can only try and remain optimistic that the rescue of these dogs means they have another chance at life . "  What they need is good treatment , good nutrition and loving homes to go to . This must not be the end place for any rescue dog . A shelter should not be the end place . It 's a huge problem . if we could stop the root of the problem , which is the dog eating trade , we could stop this -- all of this . " But for now the multi-million dollar dog meat industry continues to thrive in parts of Asia , a harsh reality for animals affectionately referred to as "  man 's best friend . "	Sanctuary on Thai-Laos border rescues dogs previously destined for dinner plates in Vietnam Makeshift shelter that should be housing 400 dogs has 1,700 animals Dogs often destined for restaurants where a single animal can be sold on average for $ 60 But dogs are often transported in small steel cages and often left for days on end without food or water
CNN  -- There 's a trillion dollar virus that is spreading throughout Silicon Valley right now . It 's called social networking . This virus , a relentless kind of digital blob , feeds on our most intimate data . The bigger a social network becomes , the greedier it becomes for our data and the more it invades our lives , voraciously feeding off our friendships and destroying our privacy . All the recent public hysteria about this virus has been concentrated on a social networking start-up called Path which is accused of surreptitiously copying the address books of its iPhone users through its mobile app . Twitter , too , has been accused of this same invasion of our privacy , copying the addresses that we store in our smartphones with neither our permission nor knowledge . But this virus goes beyond Path , beyond Twitter , beyond even Facebook . It 's a virus that may be built into the very heart , the operating system of the trillion dollar social networking industry . Silicon Valley has even invented a law to explain this endemic virus . Metcalfe 's Law , named after the Ethernet inventor Bob Metcalfe , states that "  the value of a telecommunications network is proportional to the square of the number of connected users of the system . " Or , more simply , networks are worth more and more the bigger they get . Social networks have the same biology as viruses . If they do n't radically replicate themselves , they die . And the most successful and valuable social networks -- Twitter , Google + , foursquare , Pinterest , Instagram , Tumblr and LinkedIn -- are those which grow their membership the quickest . Helping us "  discover " friends has , thus , become the crack cocaine of every online social network . The bigger our personal network , the more personal data we give out , the more people with whom we connect , the more valuable the network . It 's not surprising , therefore , that Path and Twitter and , it is rumored , almost all of today 's dominant social networks , have been "  borrowing " our address books for years through their mobile apps . It 's what Path CEO Dave Morin , in a stunning defense of his data grab , described as "  industry best practice " . But Silicon Valley 's dirty secret now being exposed by insiders such as the legendary blogger Dave Winer and in damning new books like Lori Andrews ' "  I Know Who You Are and I Saw What You Did " . Like Morin , I strongly suspect that the practice is endemic . Take , for example , LinkedIn , one of the most reputable social networks , whose IPO last May was , at the time , the largest since the Google IPO . I 'm on LinkedIn and have always been curious about the network 's "  People You May Know " section , a feature that has always appeared to be eerily serendipitous . So yesterday I ran a test . Among the first 50 people that LinkedIn suggested I might know included my best English friend from childhood , the real estate broker who sold me a house in Alabama , a Californian friend and neighbor , my former Silicon Valley boss and the New York editor of my first book . The uncannily accurate list crossed continents , lives , cultures and epochs . And I really did know 90 % of the LinkedIn list . Creepy , eh ? "  Question : How is LinkedIn 's suggestion list so uncannily accurate ? How does it know my most intimate friends ? " I posted on Twitter . LinkedIn spokeswoman Krista Canfield had this response via email : "  As with many companies that rely on algorithms to deliver relevant suggestions to its members , we don ¹ t share too many details for obvious reasons . What I can tell you is that we use a variety of data points -- including but not limited to mutual connections and profile views , among others -- to make relevant suggestions . "  I also want to note that any data that we use is completely consistent with our privacy policy . " Another reply came from DJ Patil , a former chief scientist at LinkedIn , who is now a data scientist at venture capital firm Greylock Ventures . "  One of the things we look for in every data scientist is an 11 out of 10 in ESP , " he tweeted . Google 's former CEO , Eric Schmidt said that he hoped his search engine would one day know us better than we know ourselves . And it seems that LinkedIn 's goal is to know our own network more intimately that we ourselves do . But the problem , of course , is that most of us do n't want our social networks to have 11 out of 10 in ESP . That 's why the Path controversy has elicited such intense debate in Silicon Valley . And that 's why Path CEO Morin , after being confronted by hundreds on irate users including the actress Alyssa Milano , made a full public apology for his actions . One of the shrewdest commentators on this virus is Nick Bilton , the New York Times ' San Francisco based technology columnist and blogger . "  So many apologies , so much data mining , " he wrote at the weekend in a scathing critique of Silicon Valley 's dismissal of privacy . So I emailed Bilton and asked him how we should confront this seemingly unstoppable invasion of our privacy through the stealing of our data . His response was typically down-to-earth . "  As users of these sites and apps , we have no idea the type of information we are trading for ` free ' access , " he wrote . "  It 's one thing for a service to tell me that it plans to read my e-mails , sift through my address book , or look in my underwear drawer -- then it is my responsibility to decide if I want to use the service -- but it 's entirely different for these company 's to do so at will . "  Sure , I want LinkedIn , Facebook and other services to offer a better experience , but I want to know what they are doing with my personal information , this way , I can choose to enter with caution , knowing the potential consequences , or try to find an alternative service that is more transparent . " Bilton is , of course , right . It 's not enough for sophisticated data scientists like DJ Patil to boast about the intelligence of their social algorithms . What we need is a clear explanation of how a network like LinkedIn has such uncannily accurate knowledge of so many of our most intimate friendships . This currently does n't exist . LinkedIn 's user agreement , for example , is almost 6,500 words and users would need an advanced law degree to make head or tail of it . Equally important , Bilton argues , is the need to always remind ourselves of the "  information " that we are trading for "  free " access on the network . This is a critically important point . Social networks like Facebook , Twitter and Path , he reminds us , are free services in which we are actually the product that these businesses are selling to advertisers . The only way to control the trillion dollar virus spreading through Silicon Valley is by standing up to it . Either Dave Morin wins or we do . It is us or them . So , as Nick Bilton says , we need to demand to know what Path and the rest of Silicon Valley is doing with our personal data . If we do n't do this , then the digital blob will consume all this data and our privacy really will have become an artifact of history . • Follow @ajkeen on Twitter The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Keen	Digital commentator Andrew Keen says social networking is a virus that feeds on intimate data He says hysteria over apps that surreptitiously access data exposes wider problem in industry Accessing lists of our friends is the crack cocaine of the social networking industry , Keen argues
Google is knocking at your front door . It wants to come inside , make itself at home , and quietly turn all of your boring home devices into "  smart " connected gadgets that learn about your patterns and preferences , talk to each other , collect data about your habits and make life easier by assisting with daily tasks . On Monday , Google announced it was buying smart-device company Nest Labs for $ 3.2 billion in cash . This is Google 's first major foray into connected homes , and news of the deal ignited a flurry of speculation about what the Silicon Valley giant really wants from Nest , as well as some privacy concerns . Nest currently only sells two products : a smart thermostat that learns your habits over time and adjusts the temperature accordingly , and a personable smoke and carbon monoxide detector that does n't panic when you burn toast . While the devices have been popular , on the surface they do n't seem like they move enough units to be worth such a hefty investment , even at $ 130 to $ 250 each . It 's what 's behind the scenes and inside the gadgets that makes Nest a coveted get for Google . Nest makes impeccably designed hardware powered by clever algorithms . Its staff comes from major companies like Apple , Sling and Logitech and is experienced in machine learning , product design , artificial intelligence and robotics . Nest is a standout in the increasingly crowded connected-home market . It may only have two products , but those devices are considered some of the best in the field . For now , Nest is expected to continue operating as its own brand headed by co-founders Tony Fadell and Matt Rogers , but down the line Google could tap the team 's expertise to help with its own hit-and-miss attempts at creating and selling devices  remember the Nexus Q ?  . The Nest thermostat uses motion , light , temperature and humidity sensors to collect information about what 's going on in the home and uses that information to control heating and cooling and predict patterns . The end result is a customized , more energy efficient home . Like any good smart device , it can be controlled from a smartphone or tablet so your house can be prewarmed before you get out of bed or return from work . "  It 's amazing to see how they have taken important but unloved devices and made them beautifully simple and useful , " said Google CEO Larry Page in a brief post announcing the deal . Aside from the financial windfall , there 's a lot Nest could gain from having Google as its parent company . Nest has been slow with product releases so far . The first thermostat came out in the fall of 2011 , and the company did n't release a new product for another two years , when it announced the Nest Protect smoke and CO detector . With Google resources , Nest can ramp up its design process and develop more projects . New products will come faster and roll out in more locations globally . Google also wants to be a player in the connected home . The trend of connecting previously "  dumb " devices to each other and the Internet is sometimes referred to as the "  Internet of things . " As regular objects get connected , they gain the ability to collect information about mundane happenings around them . That data can be used to learn about a person over time and offer a customized , automated experience . At home , that can mean a refrigerator that knows what food is inside and when it expires , or security systems that send your smartphone a push notification when they detect anything unusual . Google has cultivated a diverse and seemingly random set of interests since starting out as a search engine and advertising company . It dabbles in e-mail , smartphones , self-driving cars , social networking , smart glasses , television and robots . Nest is the latest in a string of intriguing acquisitions , following a handful of robotics companies . In the near future , these interests may not seem so disconnected . Today 's emerging technologies will eventually blend together . The divisions between smartphones , home automation , cars , smart glasses and watches and fitness trackers will fall away , and our gadgets and data will work together for a seamless experience . All of your devices will communicate with each other . Where one drops off another will pick up . Your self-driving car will share push notifications from your smartphone , turn it over to your Google Glass when you park and start walking , and then a smart home can take over when you walk through your front door .  Thanks to GPS on your phone and car , the house knew exactly when you were arriving and turned on your favorite TV show .  Streams of data from all these devices will be collected in one place where a company like Google will analyze it and learn about you over time , programming hardware and software to meet your unique needs . A few years from now , you might even connect your smart devices to your brain . Dean Aslam , a professor of electrical and computer engineering at Michigan State University and a senior member of IEEE , is working on miniaturizing single electrode devices that can be placed in your hair and read electrical activity from the brain through a technology called electroencephalography , or EEG . "  It can read the brainwaves which determine the state of our minds , like whether we 're healthy or unhealthy . A lot of information can be obtained -LSB- from EEG -RSB- , " Aslam said . He says in the future , smart homes will pick up on cues from the body and brain to adjust things like temperature . It if detects you 're in a deep REM sleep , a home might increase the level of security . The technology would n't be limited to smart homes and could expand to include personal heath care systems . If this is the future , it 's no mystery why Google would want to get into the business now . Google owning another tool that would allow it to gather more data immediately triggered privacy concerns . Fresh off of an unpopular decision to allow Google + contacts to contact people in their circles through Gmail , Google already has users who are unsettled by the vast amounts of data the company can collect . Google has access to a person 's data through the Chrome browser , Gmail accounts , Google search terms and the many advanced sensors on an Android smartphone . That wide reach is actually a good reason not to worry about a smart thermostat . Google can collect most of the same information through an Android phone . It already knows your location and your daily schedule . Samsung 's Galaxy S4 Android smartphone even has a built-in temperature sensor . Google has access to much of your data . Now it wants to put it to use connecting your home , work and mobile life .	Google is purchasing smart-thermostat company Nest for $ 3.2 billion in cash This is Google 's first major entry into the connected home market Smart homes , phones , cars and glasses could all work together for a Google-powered life
CNN  -- English Premier League side Swansea City have sacked manager Michael Laudrup . Announcing the news Tuesday on the official website , club chairman Huw Jenkins said in a statement : "  It is a decision we have taken reluctantly . But it 's a decision made in the best interests of Swansea City Football Club and our supporters . "  It is the first time in nearly 10 years that the club has parted with a manager in this way , but we had to remove the constant uncertainty surrounding the club and Michael 's long-term future with us . " Laudrup guided Swansea to the League Cup glory and ninth in the Premier League table last year and this season has been far from disastrous with the club lying 12th in the table and into the last 32 of the Europa League . But a recent slump in form -- six points from ten league games which includes four losses in their last five matches -- means Swansea are just two points above the relegation zone with 24 points . Jenkins went on to thank the 49-year-old Dane for his work since replacing Brendan Rodgers 18 months ago . Club captain Garry Monk replaces Laudrup "  for the foreseeable future , " Swansea said . "  I hope all our supporters can fully understand how difficult this period has been for us and I would urge everyone connected to the football club to get behind Garry Monk , the staff and players . " Laudrup is the seventh manager to be sacked this season in England 's top flight and follows the recent departures of Malky Mackay  Cardiff City  , Andre Villas-Boas  Tottenham Hotspur  , Steve Clarke  West Bromwich Albion  and Martin Jol  Fulham  who were all dismissed in December .	Laudrup the seventh managerial casualty in the English Premier League this season Dane will be succeeded temporarily by club captain Garry Monk Laudrup steered Swansea to League Cup glory and ninth place in the league last season
The Los Angeles riots 20 years ago this week were sparked by the acquittal of four L.A. police officers in the brutal beating of suspect Rodney King a year earlier . The turbulence that led to more than 50 deaths and $ 1 billion in property damage all began with a traffic violation . A poor decision to drink and drive led to a 100-mph car chase and a chain of events that would forever change Los Angeles , its police department and the racial conversation in the United States . King , then a 25-year-old convicted robber on parole , admittedly had a few drinks under his belt as he headed home from a friend 's house . When he spotted a police car following him , he panicked , thinking he would be sent back to prison . So he took off . Rodney King : What happened in 1991 "  I had a job to go to that Monday , and I knew I was on parole , and I knew I was n't supposed to be drinking , and I 'm like , ` Oh my God , ' " King told CNN last year . Realizing he could n't outrun police but fearing what they might do to him when they caught him , King said he looked for a public place to stop . "  I saw all those apartments over there , so I said , ` I 'm gon na stop right there . If it goes down , somebody will see it . ' " It did go down . Four police officers , all of them white , struck King more than 50 times with their wooden batons and shocked him with an electric stun gun . " ` We are going to kill you , n **** r , ' " King said police shouted as they beat him . The officers denied using racial slurs . King was right in his expectation of a beating , but his hope of having a witness was fulfilled in a big way . Not only did somebody see it , somebody videotaped it -- still a novelty in 1991 , before people had cellphone cameras . The video showed a large lump of a man floundering on the ground , surrounded by a dozen or more police officers , four of whom were beating him relentlessly with nightsticks . One officer 's swings slow down as he appears worn out by his nonstop flailing . King was beaten nearly to death . Three surgeons operated on him for five hours that morning . The dramatic video of the episode appeared on national TV two days later . At last , blacks in L.A. -- and no doubt in other parts of the country -- had evidence to document the police brutality many Americans had known about but had denied or tolerated . Overheard on CNN.com : Rodney King ` had demons . But called them his own ' "  We finally caught the Loch Ness Monster with a camcorder , " King attorney Milton Grimes said . Four LAPD officers -- Theodore Briseno , Laurence Powell , Timothy Wind and Sgt. Stacey Koon -- were indicted on charges of assault with a deadly weapon and excessive use of force by a police officer . In April 1992 , after a three-month trial in the predominantly white suburb of Simi Valley , three of the officers were acquitted of all charges . But the jury , which had no black members , was deadlocked on one charge of excessive force against Powell . A mistrial was declared on that charge . Powell 's attorney , Michael Stone , said the unedited video worked against King and helped prove the officers ' case . "  Most of the nation only saw a few snippets where it 's the most violent . They did n't see him get up and run at Powell , " Stone said . "  In a use-of-force case , if the officers do what they 're trained to do , how can you find them guilty of a crime ? And the jury understood that . " Still , black Los Angeles exploded in outrage . Rioters rampaged through the streets , looting businesses , torching buildings and attacking people who were in the wrong place at the wrong time . On the third day of rioting , King emerged from seclusion to make a plea that echoes to this day : "  People , I just want to say , can we all get along ? " he said . "  Can we get along ? " The rioting ended , but the divisions and debate did not . Nearly a year later , the four officers were tried in federal court on civil rights charges . This trial would be very different from the first : It took place in Los Angeles , two African-Americans were picked for the jury and King actually testified this time . "  There was no way in the world that any jury would acquit all of the defendants again , " Stone , the defense attorney , told CNN . King 's own testimony may have hurt the federal case , as he hedged on whether police had used racial slurs during the beating . King told CNN in 2011 that slurs definitely were uttered , but he said he vacillated on the stand because his mother had advised him to avoid talking about race . Ultimately , Koon and Powell were found guilty , while Briseno and Wind were acquitted . "  It was like ... I just hope we just get one . I hope we just get one on that , " King said . "  If we get one , we 're good . So to get the two , I was really happy . " "  We got half-justice , " his attorney , Grimes , growled , but the verdicts and the 30-month sentences seemed to satisfy the community . There was no unrest . One more trial awaited : Rodney King 's lawsuit against the city of Los Angeles . This time , there was only one African-American on the jury , and she was a force to be reckoned with . "  Half of them had no sympathy whatsoever , " Cynthia Kelly told CNN , referring to her fellow jurors . "  They did not care at all . They just did n't care . Like , ` He broke the law . He deserved what he got . ' " "  I told them they were crazy ! " she recalled . "  It was about justice for what happened to him . No one deserves to get beat like that . " Eventually , the other jurors came around , and King was awarded $ 3.8 million in damages . It was finally over . But the aftereffects continue to this day . King sometimes still wears a protective vest in response to a fear of reprisal and some genuine threats . And he 's had several more run-ins with the law , including a 90-day jail stint in 1996 for a hit-and-run involving his wife at the time . Last year , on the 20th anniversary of the beating , King was pulled over without incident and ticketed for a minor traffic violation . Later in the summer , he was arrested on suspicion of drunken driving . He pleaded guilty in February to a misdemeanor reckless driving charge in connection to that arrest . He was fined $ 500 , given 20 days ' home detention , placed on probation for three years and ordered into a nine-month sobriety education program . People have long wondered why King kept getting into trouble . "  The trouble that they see me in is a part of my life that I 'm working on , " he told CNN last year . In 2008 , he appeared on the VH1 reality show "  Celebrity Rehab . " "  I 'll always have an issue when it comes to alcohol . My dad was an alcoholic , the addiction part is in my blood , " he told CNN . "  What I 've learned to do is to arrest my addiction . Arrest it myself , so I do n't get arrested . " Things have changed at the LAPD in the past 20 years . The upper ranks are much more diverse . Changes also have been made -- sometimes under court order -- in the way certain neighborhoods are patrolled and in how complaints are handled . "  The main impact that the Rodney King case had is that it accelerated change , " journalist Lou Cannon said . "  It 's not tenable any longer in the United States of America for a police force of a major city to govern without having the community being a part of that governance . " King has just released a memoir , "  The Riot Within , " in which he describes his difficult upbringing and reflects on the beating and its aftermath . In an interview this week on CNN , King said he has forgiven the officers who beat him nearly to death . "  Yes , I 've forgiven them , because I 've been forgiven many times , " he said . "  My country 's been good to me , and I 've done some things that was n't pleasant in my lifetime and I have been forgiven for that . " ... It 's like something happening bad in my own house , " he continued . "  This country is my house , it 's the only home I know , so I have to be able to forgive -- for the future , for the younger generation coming behind me , so ... they can understand and if a situation like that happened again they could deal with it a lot easier . " Photos : Rodney King and the LA Riots Rodney King dead at 47 A timeline of events in Rodney King 's life	This week marks 20 years since the L.A. riots Riots broke out after none of the cops involved were criminally charged King says he has forgiven the officers who beat him nearly to death
CNN  -- An aspiring Colorado sports reporter and the others killed or wounded in a mass shooting at a movie theater in suburban Denver should be the focus of the public 's attention , rather than the suspected killer , her brother said . "  The more air time these victims have the less time that man has his two seconds on television , " Jordan Ghawi told CNN 's "  AC360 " on Friday night . Jordan Ghawi traveled to Aurora , where his sister , Jessica , was killed . He called the suspected gunman a "  coward . " The young woman in her mid-20s -- who barely missed a deadly Toronto shooting last month -- was among 12 patrons killed , according to police . Their father , Nick , who had asked her brother to head out to Colorado to "  confirm what 's happened , " could not be reached for comment . Gunman turns movie into real-life ` horror film ' Jessica Ghawi had been at an Aurora multiplex to catch a midnight showing of "  The Dark Knight Rises , " the latest installment of the Batman series , when a gunman burst in and began shooting . A journalist and blogger in her mid-20s who also went by the name Jessica Redfield , she had tweeted about the movie not long before the attack . "  Movie does n't start for 20 minutes , " she wrote in her last message . Ghawi 's mother , Sandy Phillips , said she will miss communicating with her daughter . "  I 'll never have her to hug again , or get a text message again or get a funny Facebook picture , " Phillips told CNN affiliate KSAT in San Antonio , Texas , where her daughter grew up . "  That 's the hard part right now ... knowing those are things I 'm never going to experience again . " Phillips told KSAT her daughter was excited the two would soon spend some time together . "  She had a huge heart , " Phillips said . "  Cared deeply for other people . " Theater security stepped up nationwide Ghawi 's friend and fellow movie-goer Brent Lowek also was shot during the attack but later emerged from surgery at a medical facility , according to friends and relatives . "  It looks like he 's going to be OK , " his stepfather , Dan Greene , told CNN . By Friday morning , a Denver radio station where Ghawi had once interned posted on Facebook that she had been killed . "  Sending thoughts , prayers and love to my friend Jessica and her family , " 104.3 The Fan posted . "  She is one of the victims who died in the theater shooting . " Baby among victims treated Her brother wrote on his blog earlier Friday that relatives had informed him that his sister was among the victims of Friday 's shooting , taking two rounds , including one to the head . "  At approximately 0215 CST , I received an hysterical , and almost unintelligible , phone call from my mother stating that my sister , Jessica Ghawi , had been shot while attending the midnight showing of "  The Dark Knight Rises " in Denver , CO , " he wrote . Later Friday , Jordan Ghawi wrote , "  essentially , she died quickly and painlessly . Now we will begin the process of bringing her home to celebrate her life . " Shooting suspect was a doctoral student Benjamin Hochman , a reporter for The Denver Post , described his friend Ghawi as an effervescent young woman , brimming with energy and a love of hockey that she sought to channel into the competitive world of sports reporting . "  I woke up this morning and saw that people had been texting me to make sure I was OK , " said Hochman , who then checked Facebook and saw postings about Ghawi . He 'd written her a letter of recommendation just a few months earlier , and the two had become fast friends . "  I thought the world of her , " he said . Jordan Ghawi told CNN his sister was working hard to succeed in sports journalism . "  She left everything she knew in San Antonio to come out here to pursue that dream , " he said Shooting unfolds in real time on social media In June , Ghawi was visiting Toronto with her boyfriend , a minor league hockey player , when they narrowly escaped a deadly shooting in the city 's main downtown mall . Peter Burns , a friend of Ghawi 's , said that attack seemed to heighten her zest for life , pointing to reflections she later posted on her blog . "  I ca n't get this odd feeling out of my chest , " Ghawi wrote in a June 5 post . "  This empty , almost sickening feeling wo n't go away . I noticed this feeling when I was in the Eaton Center in Toronto just seconds before someone opened fire in the food court . An odd feeling which led me to go outside and unknowingly out of harm 's way . It 's hard for me to wrap my mind around how a weird feeling saved me from being in the middle of a deadly shooting . " She added that "  gun crimes are fairly common where I grew up in Texas , but I never imagined I 'd experience a violent crime first hand . " "  I was shown how fragile life was on Saturday . I saw the terror on bystanders ' faces . I saw the victims of a senseless crime . I saw lives change , " she wrote of the June shooting . "  I was reminded that we do n't know when or where our time on Earth will end . When or where we will breathe our last breath . " U.S. service members among casualties Ghawi further reflected , saying the incident reminded her that "  every moment we have to live our life is a blessing . " "  So often I have found myself taking it for granted . Every hug from a family member . Every laugh we share with friends . Even the times of solitude are all blessings . Every second of every day is a gift . After Saturday evening , I know I truly understand how blessed I am for each second I am given . " CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Jessica Ghawi 's brother said victims deserve the attention Mother says her daughter had a "  huge heart " Aspiring sports reporter was among those gunned down at a movie theater She was at a Toronto mall last month just before a deadly shooting there
CNN  -- If investing in credit default swaps or commodity derivatives does n't exactly fill your heart with a sense of wonder and excitement , then a product with a little more va-va-voom could be a surprisingly viable alternative : vintage cars . Records have been tumbling recently for classic cars sold at auction . Last week , a 1964 Ferrari went for $ 14.4 million at the "  Art of the Automobile " sale , smashing the previous record of $ 6.9 million for the same model . Sotheby 's sold off 31 classic and concept cars and auto-related items for nearly $ 63 million in just over two hours at the auction in New York City . Over the past decade the average value of classic cars has risen by 430 % , according to Knight Frank 's Luxury Investment Index . This compares to 273 % for gold and a comparatively meager 55 % for the FTSE 100 over the same time period . Indeed , in only July a 1954 Mercedes-Benz was snapped up for $ 29.6 million , the highest price for any car ever sold at a public auction -- dwarfing the previous title-holder by $ 13.3 million . And just yesterday , Ringo Starr 's 164 Facel Vegal was auctioned off for a cool $ 553,000 alongside a host of historic cars at Bonham 's , during a series of lots that netted the auction house a cool $ 27.6 million of sales . "  The fact that a car was previously owned by a celebrity will more often than not push the value up , but of course it depends on who the celebrity is " said Bonham 's spokesperson Chloe Ashby . "  The demand for vintage cars is rising , " she added . "  Along with jewelry and Asian art , cars are now in the top three collecting categories . " Dietrich Hatlapa is founder of the Historical Automobile Group , an independent investment research house that specializes in classic cars . He says that vintage motors offer a unique appeal , particularly in the wake of the financial crisis . "  People have been more drawn to tangible assets over the last 10 years . Classic cars are fun , you can drive them and they have become a lifestyle as well . It 's also a way to pass on wealth from one generation to the next . " The value of classic cars has jumped 39 % this year alone , according to the Historic Automobile Group Index  HAGI  , which tracks the financial performance of 50 rare and exotic classic cars . However , there is a sense among industry experts that these growth trends will slow down . "  I would be surprised if the demand and value can continue at the same rate over the next 10 years , " said Andrew Shirley , editor of the Wealth Report . There are also risks to investing in vintage cars , as opposed to the more conventional alternatives , like bonds . "  The big difference to mainstream investment options is the lack of liquidity . You ca n't sell your car next door , " Shirley said . "  It will take a lot of research and a long time to find someone to sell your car to for the right price . There are also slight fluctuations in trends , so it might be that at that time an Aston Martin is n't as much in demand as a Ferrari . " It 's also not a one-off investment -- there can be substantive costs involved in maintaining the car . "  You have to look after them to keep them in good condition , especially if you want to keep driving , " Shirley said . Accordingly , Hatlapa advises against throwing your money at a classic car if money is all you 're hoping for in return . "  Someone should n't go into the vintage car market for pure investment purposes , but have a passion for classic cars , " he said . "  The most valuable return from owning a vintage car is the satisfaction that you have something you 're passionate about . "	Auction house Bonhams sold Ringo Starr 's vintage car on December 1 Classic cars rose 430 % in value over the past decade Investing in classic cars bears risks such as maintenance costs and lack of liquidity
London , England  CNN  -- The first double portrait of Britain 's Princes William and Harry went on display Tuesday at the National Portrait Gallery . The painting shows the brothers dressed in their military uniforms , chatting to each other at their home at Clarence House , near Buckingham Palace . It is the first portrait to show William and Harry together , the National Portrait Gallery said . It will now hang in the museum alongside other portraits of the royal family . Artist Nicky Philipps said she was able to capture an informal moment , "  a behind-the-scenes glance at the human element of royal responsibility , and to emphasize their brotherly relationship . " Commissioned by the National Portrait Gallery , the painting shows Prince Harry seated next to Prince William , who is standing to his left . They are wearing the dress uniform of the Blues and Royals regiment of the Household Cavalry , where they are both lieutenants . William also wears the the star and blue sash of the Order of the Garter , a British order of chivalry , which the queen awarded him in 2008 . William , 27 , is now training to be a search-and-rescue pilot with the Royal Air Force , where he holds the rank of flight lieutenant . Harry , 25 , who served in Afghanistan , is training to become a pilot with the Army Air Corps . "  The first portrait of the princes captures them formally dressed , but informally posed , " said Sandy Nairne , the museum 's director . "  It is a delightful image which extends the tradition of royal portraiture . " The National Portrait Gallery said it was appropriate that the princes were pictured at Clarence House , which used to be the home of the late Queen Mother . Part of a painting of the Queen Mother is visible above Harry 's shoulder in the portrait , and paintings from her private collection are seen behind William . Philipps , 45 , has had high-profile commissions before , but said it was a "  great privilege " to paint the two princes . "  They were very good company and although I was commissioned to paint them in their official context , I hope I have also captured some of the brotherly banter that characterized the sittings , " she said .	This is the first double portrait of Princes William and Harry Artist Nicky Philipps captured a behind-the-scenes glance of the princes The portrait will hang in London 's National Portrait Gallery
CNN  -- Ahead of their meetings in Mexico City this week , President Obama and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto hinted that they wanted to put economic ties atop their agenda . But reports that Mexico is restructuring the way it cooperates with American officials on security matters -- in essence restricting communication -- threaten to impose a shadow over the positive economic story the leaders want to tell . The apparent friction highlights the critical security relationship and illustrates the complexities of U.S.-Mexico relations . "  We spend so much time on security issues between the United States and Mexico that sometimes I think we forget this is a massive trading partner , responsible for huge amounts of commerce and huge numbers of jobs on both sides of the border , " Obama said this week . But writing a new narrative on U.S.-Mexico relations that does n't lead with Mexico as a major transit point for narcotics , or the United States as a market hungry for the drugs , is n't easy . That was made clear by the spate of news reports this week on both sides of the border about changes to how Mexico cooperates with the Americans . Under the new rules , all U.S. requests for collaboration with Mexican agencies will flow through a single office , Interior Minister Miguel Angel Osorio Chong confirmed to Mexico 's state-run Notimex news agency . It is a drastic change from recent years , when U.S. agents enjoyed widespread access to their Mexican counterparts . So in the days leading up to Obama 's arrival in the Mexican capital , the buzz was not about the economy , but whether Mexico was being uncooperative with the United States . Osorio Chong downplayed the idea that the change signified a retreat in security cooperation . The United States "  should have the confidence that things are on a good path , " he told Notimex . In a conference call with reporters , Obama administration official Ben Rhodes said it was natural that Peña Nieto , who has been in office for only five months , would want to revisit its security structure . "  We 're currently working with the Mexicans to evaluate the means by which we cooperate , the means by which we provide assistance , and we 're certainly open to discussing with Mexico ways to improve and enhance cooperation , streamline the provision of assistance , " said Rhodes , who is the deputy national security adviser for strategic communications . "  Our goal is not to have a certain amount of presence in terms of security efforts in Mexico ; it 's to cooperate with the Mexicans so that we can meet the interests of both our countries . " But analysts say impact of the changes should not be underestimated . U.S. officials who had built rapport and personal relationships with Mexican counterparts now have an obstacle to their communication , said George Grayson , an expert on Mexican security issues and professor of government at the College of William & Mary . "  The door is not wide-open like it used to be , " he said . There is a lot to boast of on the economic front , but security will likely remain a key part of how U.S.-Mexico relations will be judged . Among U.S. officials , there is an unspoken concern about whether Peña Nieto will merely give lip service to the the idea of security cooperation or whether he will provide real substance , said David Shirk , former director of the Trans-Border Institute in San Diego . "  I 've talked to many people at very high levels that have expressed these concerns , " Shirk said . "  There is a kind of wait-and-see attitude . I think U.S. ofificals want to give Peña Nieto the benefit of the doubt . " What is clear is that Peña Nieto rejects the "  kingpin " strategy of his predecessor , Felipe Calderon , who made the capture of cartel leaders the centerpiece of his security plan . A number of high-ranking drug cartel leaders were killed or captured during Calderon 's term , but the results usually backfired -- new leaders rose in their place , rival cartels fought for the leftovers and a high level of violence persisted . Peña Nieto has talked about focusing on violence reduction , and engaging in educational , social and economic reforms . But this broad vision has not yet produced a defined security strategy . "  The question is , what  do  you replace the kingpin strategy with ? " Grayson said . The changes to protocols between U.S. and Mexican officials are likely part of the process to figure that out , but one that could rankle the United States , said Tony Payan , a Mexico expert and fellow at the James A. Baker III Institute for Public Policy at Rice University . The previous strategy of identifying kingpins and going after them suited the United States , which has the tools and capabilities to aid in those operations , Payan said . A more hands-off approach may not go over well . "  Clearly , there is disagreement on how to approach this issue , " he said . When Obama and Peña Nieto speak publicly together on Thursday and Friday , their economies will be the easy things to talk about , Payan said . Half a billion dollars in trade is indeed something to brag about , and is a storyline that has been overlooked too often . Obama and Peña Nieto are expected to trumpet these achievements to the press . "  I think the ugly part of the conversation  about security  will be in private , " Payan said . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Presidents Obama and Peña Nieto want to focus on economy But the security issue always looms large Recent news about changes to security cooperation raises concerns
CNN  -- Most parents have felt the pain of having a missing child , if only for a few seconds . They lose sight of their child at the park or at the grocery store or at the mall . Fortunately for most moms and dads , as soon as the knot forms in their stomach , they lock eyes with their kid . But for the parents of the hundreds of thousands of children who go missing each year , that pain is much deeper ; for some , there is never relief . Working in the media , I 've followed the cases that get national attention . I 've watched the press conferences and the family statements . Last week , however , I had the heart-wrenching experience of finding out what happens in between the media updates -- what it feels like when this is real life . A sweet 14-year-old girl who babysat my son in the church nursery was missing . She 'd left home without her parents ' permission to meet up with a boy she connected with online . That was on Monday . The boy said he never went to their rendezvous point , a park , and as of Thursday , the young girl still had not come home . The days in between were grueling for those involved in the search . I can not fathom the depth of emotion her parents experienced . Hope in the search for missing children Police never suspected foul play and thought the girl might have run away . That scenario was both frustrating and encouraging . It was frustrating because the family did not think she intended to be gone long . She did n't bring anything with her . No phone , no keys , no money . It was encouraging because it was the best case scenario . Maybe she "  just " ran away . Maybe she was fine -- angry , confused , and unaware of how loved she is -- but fine . The conversations that unfolded were surreal . We talked to a detective about the possibility she was involved in sex trafficking or abducted or even worse . We had to avoid focusing on the "  what ifs " in order to stay focused on the search . When word got out , the community rallied around the missing teen and her family . We plastered the city with fliers and canvassed her last known whereabouts . People who had never met the family joined the search . Dozens of homeless people in the area helped out . As the story spread on social media , people around the world sent words of support . Those of us on the ground did everything we could think of , all while having no idea what we were doing . Three days after the girl went missing , I was helping plan a prayer vigil . We did n't know where to begin . There was no guide . We "  guessed " the parents should speak first , before things got too emotional . But what should they say ? How do we get the word out ? How long should it go ? We did n't know the answers to these questions . The prayer vigil never happened . About an hour before it was to begin , the young girl was located . She had run away , and she was home now . For the media , that 's where the story ends . A quick update to tell local TV viewers everything is OK . Opinion : Most missing persons cases do n't have happy endings For the friends assisting with the search , there was a huge sense of relief . There were hugs , tears , and then the exhaustion and gravity of the week hit . We laughed -- about how much trouble this girl is in , about how much wine we planned to drink . After this experience , I 'll never look at news of a missing child the same . I will hold this experience close the next time an e-mail about a missing child crosses my inbox . I will remember the reality behind the story . Each missing child poster represents a family in heartache and a community at a loss .	When a child goes missing , a community comes together CNN editor Kristi Ramsay participated in search for missing girl You have to ignore "  what if " scenarios in order to stay focused , she says Behind every missing child poster is a similar heartache
CNN  Just as mimeograph machines and photocopiers were in their day , online activity -- blogs , YouTube channels , even social media platforms like Facebook and Twitter -- have fully emerged as the alternative to traditional mainstream media . It is not just the low cost of posting online that attracts dissidence , though that in itself is liberating . It is the lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries that is really the driving force leading disaffected voices to post online . It is not unique to Asia , but it might seem more pronounced if you live there . Going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard . But it still brings resistance , some of it legal , some of it deadly . Let 's look at the legal angle first . Amos Yee , the teenage video blogger who was arrested and held pending bail Sunday in Singapore , drew international attention for his anti-Lee Kuan Yew harangue . But jailing critics is not usually the government 's first choice in Singapore . It is part of Lee Kuan Yew 's legacy that the government 's use of the courts to bring libel and defamation cases , usually carrying heavy financial penalties , is the preferred method of silencing discomfiting online voices . His father has reportedly apologized for his son 's behavior , but the younger Yee could face up to three years in jail . Yee is not unique . Another dissident blogger in Singapore , Roy Ngerng , continues to suffer financial and legal pressure , including the loss of his job , because of a blog post that allegedly accused the city-state 's Prime Minister , Lee Hsien Loong , of corruption . Ngerng 's concern is with the lack of transparency in the management of the Central Provident Fund , the government 's compulsory pension program . Yee and Ngerng are two of many . The Committee To Protect Journalists ' file on Singapore going back to 2000 has a long string of similar cases , some against politicians , others against citizens simply frustrated with their government . But it is not just Singapore where Internet activity comes under fire : On Monday in Malaysia , with much less of the international attention heaped on Amos Yee , five editors and executives from The Malaysian Insider were arrested over the site 's March 25 report claiming that a senior council of royal rulers and state governors , known as the Conference of Rulers , had rejected a proposal to amend federal law to allow for the introduction of hudud , or punishments meted out under Islamic law . In deeply Muslim Malaysia , questions of Islamic faith are a third-rail issue , as is revealing government decisions before they are announced . By far the biggest jailer of journalists in the world is China , where a majority of the 44 people behind bars at the end of 2014 were bloggers , most of them Uighur or Tibetan activists who straddle the line between journalism and activism . But in second place in Asia is Vietnam , where CPJ 's most recent prison census showed Vietnam holding 16 reporters behind bars as of December 1 . Add one more in late December , Nguyen Dinh Ngoc , a prominent blogger who was arrested for "  law-violating " after police searched his home in southern Ho Chi Minh City on December 27 , and two more in January , Nguyen Quang Lap and Hong Le Tho , arrested on anti-state charges of "  abusing democratic freedoms " and you can see the pattern . Because the print and broadcast media are so totally government controlled , mainstream journalists seldom go to jail any more in Vietnam . Only two investigative print reporters remain behind bars in Vietnam , their cases dating back to 2012 and 2013 . Both were accused of accepting bribes for dialing back critical news coverage . The list could go on , but the reality is that , as CPJ wrote in 2013 , across Asia "  governments have curtailed Internet freedoms through increasingly restrictive practices , including prohibitive laws , heightened surveillance and censorship , and threats of imprisonment on various national security-related offenses . " That is still the policy path being followed by most countries in Asia , and it does not look like it will be changing any time soon . Jailing journalists is one thing , but watching them being killed and doing little or nothing about it is another . Since 1992 , 11 % of journalists killed have died for their work online . Because our 1992 start date really precedes the full advent of the Internet , that proportion can be expected to grow . While most bloggers have not been the targets of murderers , Bangladesh has recently become the exception . On Monday , Washiqur Rahman Babu was the second blogger to be hacked to death in public in Bangladesh in the past five weeks . Blogger Avijit Roy and his wife , Rafida Ahmed Bonna , were attacked by assailants wielding sharp weapons while the couple was visiting Dhaka . Roy , a U.S. citizen of Bangladeshi origin , was killed and his wife was critically injured . Both Rahman and Roy had written critically on Islamic matters . The blogger death toll gets higher in Bangladesh if you go back a year or two , and religious beliefs are always involved , and the killings almost always carried out with near perfect impunity . In January 2013 , blogger Asif Mohiuddin , who wrote critical commentary on religion , Islamist groups , free speech , and human rights , barely survived after he was stabbed by Islamists . In February 2013 , blogger Ahmed Rajib Haider , who had written about Islamic fundamentalism and Islamist groups , was hacked to death by members of an Islamist militant group , according to police investigations . Later in 2013 , Islamist groups called for the execution of bloggers they said had committed blasphemy . While arrests were made after those murders , there have been no convictions . The bottom line : Online journalists , operating outside the restraints of mainstream media , have become the most vulnerable targets for governments and independent actors . Where there is the restrictive rule of law , journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom . Where the rule of law is weak , they are vulnerable to the attacks of killers who seldom , if ever , answer to the rule of law .	Going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard But where there is the restrictive rule of law , journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom From China to Malaysia , journalists and bloggers have been jailed -- even killed
CNN  -- Alberto Contador wrapped up his second Giro d'Italia victory -- and sixth grand tour success -- after the 21st and final stage time-trial in Milan , won by Briton David Millar . Millar completed the 26km stage in 30 minutes and 13 seconds , with Contador taking third place , 36 seconds behind . That meant the 28-year-old Spaniard finished a comfortable six minutes and 10 seconds clear of Italian Michele Scarponi in the overall classification with another Italian , Tour of Spain champion Vincenzo Nibali , back in third place a further 46 seconds behind . Team Leopard rider Weylandt dies in Giro d'Italia crash Saxo Bank rider Contador , who also has three Tour de France titles and one Tour of Spain success to his name , proved the dominant rider in the race after taking the leader 's pink jersey on the ninth stage to Mount Etna . He will now seek to become the first rider since Marco Pantani in 1998 to win the Giro and Tour de France in the same year . Contador won the Tour in 2007 , 2009 and last year and was only prevented from racing in 2008 because his then team , Astana , were denied a start place by organizers due to doping infringements . However , a question mark still hangs over last year 's Tour victory after Contador tested positive for a tiny amount of the banned muscle-building substance clenbuterol during last July 's race . The Spanish Cycling Federation  RFEC  acquitted Contador of any wrong-doing , rescinding an initial decision to give him a one-year ban after accepting the rider 's claim that he had unknowingly eaten drug-contaminated meat and was therefore not negligent . But the World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  and cycling 's governing body  UCI  have appealed against the RFEC decision to the Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  . The case concerning Contador was due to be heard by CAS from June 6-8 in order to have the decision before the start of this year 's Tour de France on July 2 -- but CAS announced last week they had postponed the hearing to allow further preparation by all parties .	Alberto Contador clinches his second Giro d'Italia victory on Sunday The Spaniard finishes third in the final time-trial won by David Millar Saxo Bank 's Contador will now attempt to win the Giro-Tour De France double Italian Marco Pantani was the last rider to achieve the double in 1998
CNN  -- Paris Saint Germain recorded their first home victory of the season at Parc des Princes with a comfortable 2-0 win over Toulouse on Friday . Goals in either half by Argentina 's Javier Pastore and Swedish international Zlatan Ibrahimovic earned Carlo Ancelotti 's men their second successive league win and lifts them to third in Ligue 1 behind leaders Olympic Marseille and second-placed Lyon . Pastore opened the scoring seven minutes before the break when he latched onto Marco Verratti 's through ball before lofting the ball over Ali Ahamada in the Toulouse goal . Ibrahimovic scored his fifth goal for his new club midway through the second half tapping home from close range after French international Jeremy Menez had beaten the offside trap . Reigning champions , Montpellier indifferent start to the season continued with a 3-1 loss away to newly-promoted Reims . Rene Girard 's side are currently lying 14th , while Reims second win of the season sees them rise to eighth . Meanwhile in Italy , Juventus coach Antonio Conte 's 10-month ban for corruption has been extended by football 's world governing body , FIFA to include all matches worldwide . "  This suspension covers all types of matches , including domestic , international , friendly and official fixtures , " a statement on the FIFA website said . Conte , who led Juventus to the Serie A title last season , was suspended by the Italian Football Federation  FIGC  on August 10 for failing to report alleged corruption in two Serie B matches when he was previously in charge of then second flight Siena in 2010-11 . The 43-year-old , who appealed , but failed to overturn the FIGC ban , will now not take charge of the Turin club 's upcoming Champions League campaign which kicks off against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on September 19 .	Goals in either half from Javier Pastore and Zlatan Ibrahimovic earn Paris Saint Germain a 2-0 win over Toulouse Reigning champions Montpellier lose at Reims 3-1 to stay in 14th position in the table FIFA extend Juventus coach Antonio Conte 's ban to include all matches worldwide
CNN  -- Iran 's controversial nuclear program began more than 50 years ago with aid from the West . Now , despite Iran 's assurances that its program is purely peaceful , some Western countries , the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency say they 're concerned that Iran wants to use the program to create a nuclear weapon . Here 's a look at Iran 's nuclear program over the years : • 1957 -- The United States signs a civil nuclear cooperation agreement with Iran . • 1958 -- Iran joins the International Atomic Energy Agency . • 1967 -- The Tehran Nuclear Research Center opens . It includes a small reactor supplied by the United States . • 1968 -- Iran signs the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty . • Mid-1970s -- With U.S. backing , Iran begins developing a nuclear power program . • 1979 -- Iran 's Islamic revolution ends Western involvement in the country 's nuclear program . • December 1984 -- With the aid of China , Iran opens a nuclear research center in Isfahan . • February 23 , 1998 -- The United States announces concerns that Iran 's nuclear energy program could lead to the development of nuclear weapons . Two years later , the U.S. imposes the first sanctions against Iran related to its nuclear program . • February 9 , 2003 -- Iran announces that it has discovered uranium on its own soil , giving the country a domestic source of material for its nuclear program . • February 21 , 2003 -- Amid U.S. claims that Iran seeks to produce nuclear weapons , the IAEA 's director general visits Iran and encourages its leaders to allow inspectors more and faster access to its nuclear sites . Iran declines . • June 19 , 2003 -- The IAEA issues a report saying that Iran appears to be in compliance with the Non-Proliferation Treaty , but that it needs to be more open about its activities . • August 26 , 2003 -- The IAEA finds traces of highly enriched uranium at Iran 's Natanz nuclear plant . A month later , U.N. weapons inspectors report traces at a second facility near Tehran , and the IAEA sets an October 31 deadline for the country to prove it is not developing nuclear weapons . Iran claims the source of the uranium is imported equipment . • October 21 , 2003 -- Iran agrees to suspend processing and enriching uranium and allow unannounced inspections by the IAEA . • November , 12 , 2003 -- The IAEA finds no evidence of a nuclear program but expresses concern about plutonium production . Iran 's president says the material is for pharmaceutical use . • September 28 , 2004 -- Iran 's foreign minister rejects claims that the country wants an atomic bomb but vows to defend its nuclear facilities against any attack by Israel . • November 14 , 2004 -- Iran again agrees to temporarily suspend uranium processing and enrichment after talks with European countries in Paris . • January 13 , 2005 -- IAEA inspectors visit the Parchin military complex , believed to have been the site of high-explosive tests related to nuclear weapons research . They find no evidence of a nuclear program but are given only partial access to the facility . • January 17 , 2005 -- U.S. President George Bush warns that military action against Iran is an option . • August 9 , 2005 -- Iran 's supreme leader issues a religious decree against manufacturing , storing or using nuclear weapons . • February 4 , 2006 -- The IAEA votes to refer Iran to the U.N. Security Council for possible sanctions over its uranium enrichment program . The next day , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad orders Iran to end its cooperation with the IAEA . • April 11 , 2006 -- Ahmadinejad declares that Iran has joined the list of countries with nuclear technology , confirming the production of low-grade enriched uranium at a level sufficient to power nuclear power plants . • July 31 , 2006 -- The U.N. Security Council passes a resolution calling on Iran to stop uranium enrichment efforts within one month , but it does not impose sanctions . • December 23 , 2006 -- The Security Council votes unanimously to impose sanctions on Iran for failing to curb its enrichment program , the first of several rounds of sanctions imposed by the U.N. , the European Union and individual countries over the next few years . • December 4 , 2007 -- The U.S. government says an intelligence estimate suggests that Iran stopped work on its nuclear weapons program in 2003 . • February 20 , 2009 -- The nonprofit Institute for Science and International Security reports that Iran could have enough low-enriched uranium to build one nuclear weapon . But the IAEA says it would need further processing to be used in a weapon . • September 2009 -- Iran test-fires short - and long-range missiles , raising fears that the country could deliver nuclear weapons atop such missiles . • 2010 -- A mysterious computer worm called Stuxnet begins infecting computers used in Iranian nuclear facilities , sabotaging machinery used in uranium enrichment , computer researchers will later say . Some experts say the worm may have been deliberately introduced by governments seeking to slow or kill Iran 's nuclear program , but the worm 's origin remains unclear . • January 12 , 2010 -- An Iranian nuclear scientist is killed by a car bomb , leading Iranian leaders to claim Western powers are waging a covert campaign against its nuclear program . A year later , Iran will announce it believes the death was the work of a spy ring linked to Israel , according to the semi-official Fars news agency . • February 12 , 2010 -- Ahmadinejad says Iran has enriched uranium to 20 % , evidence of a significant upgrade in capability . • February 18 , 2010 -- In a reversal from the 2007 U.S. estimate , the IAEA reports that it believes Iran may be working in secret to develop a nuclear warhead for a missile , one of several in a series of renewed warnings over the next few years questioning Iran 's claim of a purely peaceful nuclear program . • November 29 , 2010 -- Nearly simultaneous explosions from car bombs kill one Iranian nuclear scientist and wound another . • January 8 , 2011 -- Iran becomes one of the few countries in the world capable of producing everything it needs for the nuclear fuel cycle , including fuel plates and rods , Iran 's atomic chief and foreign minister Ali Akbar Salehi tells Fars . • November 8 , 2011 -- An IAEA report says the agency has found no evidence that Iran has decided to build a nuclear weapon , but the nation has carried out "  activities relevant to the development of a nuclear explosive device . " • November 24 , 2011 -- Iran claims to arrest what it describes as 12 CIA agents and accuses them of trying to cripple the country 's nuclear program , according to the official Islamic Republic News Agency . • July 23 , 2011 -- An Iranian nuclear scientist is killed by assailants in Tehran . • January 11 , 2012 -- Another Iranian nuclear scientist is killed by a car bomb in Tehran . • February 21 , 2012 -- IAEA inspectors leave Iran after their second visit in as many months , saying no progress had been made and they had been denied access to the Parchin site . Iran calls the talks "  intensive . " • February 24 , 2012 -- In a leaked report , the IAEA says that Iran has significantly stepped up its enrichment program and the agency continues to have "  serious concerns " about potential military uses . • March 3 , 2012 -- U.S. President Barack Obama warns that "  all elements of American power " remain an option to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear power . • March 5 , 2012 -- In a trip to the United States , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warns that time for a diplomatic solution is running out . • March 6 , 2012 -- Iran offers to allow access to the Parchin site , but only after significant details are worked out . Meanwhile , the "  P5 plus 1 " group -- the United States , France , Britain , China and Russia  the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council  , plus Germany -- agree to resume negotiations with Iran . • March 7 , 2012 -- Western diplomats tell CNN that satellite images appear to show evidence of clean-up work at the Parchin facility , but they add that they have no clear idea what Iranians are doing . Meanwhile , IAEA chief Yukiya Amano says he believes "  Iran is not telling us everything " about its nuclear program . • March 8 , 2012 -- The P5 plus 1 group expresses concerns about Iran 's uranium enrichment program and demands that the country allow inspectors unfettered access to Parchin and resume talks with the international community on its nuclear program . • March 15 , 2012 -- An adviser to Iranian supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei reiterates in an interview with CNN that inspectors will not be allowed to return to Parchin before talks resume . • March 15 , 2012 -- European Union action effectively cuts Iranian banks off from the global financial system . The move , part of increasingly strident sanctions against Iran over the nuclear issue , is described by one financial executive as "  an extraordinary and unprecedented " step .	Iran began building a nuclear power program in the 1970s By the 1990s , the United States was expressing concerns about military uses In recent months the situation has become increasingly tense
Port-Au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Vladimir Saint-Louis is glad to be back in business months after January 's devastating earthquake in Haiti shut down his large athletic complex in the heart of Port-au-Prince . Although he was unharmed , his father nearly lost his life when cement blocks fell on his car , injuring and trapping him for hours . On this particular afternoon six months after the quake , customers worked out at Saint-Louis ' main gym , some hitting the weights , others at the Ping-Pong table , a welcome break from all that still plagues Haiti . Still , just footsteps away , stands a tent city erected by 7,000 homeless Haitians on the complex . "  This is a 400-meter track , and this is my soccer field ; it 's my land ; it 's part of the same property , " Saint-Louis told CNN . He said that on the night after the quake , desperate Haitians climbed over collapsed walls and found refuge on his land . At first , it was understandable , he said . But six months later , it 's clear he has become frustrated . "  All the government officials we sent letters to , all the letters went unanswered , " Saint-Louis said . Haitian Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive says the government is working on a resettlement plan , not only to solve land disputes , but also to provide housing for all displaced . But he says the government 's hands are tied until billions of pledged funds for Haiti come through . "  Even if we do n't have the money , we should have a calendar , " says Bellerive , stressing the need for a disbursement calendar . And there 's also the matter of priority . "  We have to understand that right now , the priority of the government is to protect the population from the next hurricane season , " Bellerive said . "  Most of our force is going in that direction . " Meanwhile , tent camps , thought to be temporary living arrangements in the aftermath of the quake , have become permanent fixtures all over the capital . More than 1,300 have sprouted -- hot , muddy from the rains , lacking water and proper sanitation , and in some cases breeding grounds for turf wars . An estimated 1.5 million people are homeless and living in such conditions in Haiti . Many are on private property and the crisis is pitting landowners against the desperate . At another tent camp pitched on private property , Aline Masselin washes clothes by hand in a plastic basin that sits on a dirt floor . She has lived in this camp since the night of the quake . Her daughter , Alexandra , was born here just weeks later . Recently , a judge showed up at the site , warning the homeless it was time to go and that the owner was fed up . They missed the deadline to leave , and still they are waiting without a place to go . At a nearby camp , another landowner successfully evicted a group of homeless . "  It was 52 families , " said Emmanuel Auguste , showing a lot that once housed quake victims who have now resettled in other camps . Asked whether there will be a change six months from now , United Nations humanitarian spokesman Imogen Wall was blunt . "  It will take time to get 1.5 million people back into the kind of long-term living arrangements that they want and need , " she said . For Vladimir Saint-Louis -- whose athletic complex once boasted tennis and basketball courts , a soccer field and other recreational areas that have now become squatting areas -- news that this will take even longer does not sit well . "  There 's a barbershop . There 's a cyber cafe . There 's a hotel in one of the tents , where people pay to stay there for the night -- I swear to God , " he said . So far , Saint-Louis has found a way to make peace with the homeless on his land , waiting for a solution to come to salvage his business that 's taken a 50 percent hit since it became the site of a tent city . Asked whether he can keep his business afloat , he replied , "  God give the strength . God give me the strength . " CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	Tent cities still going strong months after Haiti earthquake Landowners frustrated with thousands of homeless on properties Government says a resettlement plan is in the works UN official : Getting 1.5 million people into more permanent housing takes time
Washington  CNN  -- A man walks through Washington 's Union Station with a backpack and puts it down by a potted plant . No one notices him . He looks like any traveler . But inside his backpack are explosives . Five minutes later , a yellow Labrador retriever named Zeta enters the same crowded room , straining at her handler 's leash . She has picked up the scent of black powder in the air and tracks it to the foot of the ficus tree , where she sits and waits eagerly for a reward . This is not a thwarted terrorist strike but a demonstration of what a "  vapor wake " dog can do . For years , specially trained dogs have run their noses over objects to screen for explosives . But vapor wake dogs can detect explosives in the air despite crowds , cross-currents and other odors . Their trainers say some of the dogs have been able to enter a room and pick up the scent as much as 15 minutes after explosives have passed through . Proponents say the dogs can detect a few grams of explosives . Most are trained to recognize a dozen , but some dogs have learned as many as 20 types , including TATP , the explosive used in the London transit bombings , and ammonium nitrate , which Timothy McVeigh used to bring down the Alfred R. Murrah Building in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma . If a dog needs to learn an explosive , it can do so in one or two days . "  Technology sometimes goes bad after two , three years , and you have to get new stuff , " said Capt. William Parker of the Amtrak Police Canine Program . "  A dog gets better as the years go on . " Parker says he is amazed by the dogs ' capabilities and compares them to top athletes . "  Michael Jordan was one of the best basketball players of all time , and these vapor wake dogs I put in the same category . " At an Auburn University kennel in Anniston , Alabama , yellow Labrador retriever puppies romp and roll in a grassy pen . They have been bred for vapor wake traits , but only 1 or 2 percent of them will make the cut . Jeanne Brock , who manages the puppy program , says successful vapor wake dogs must have a strong instinct to hunt . "  They 'll hunt and hunt and hunt and wo n't come back without it , " Brock said . John Pearce , who developed the program , says his best dogs are friendly but not overly social . "  They could care less about being petted , " Pearce explained . "  We are looking for a dog that is just very strong and very independent in searching , pick up air scent very easily without the direction of a handler . " At a few weeks old , the dogs are introduced to a variety of walking surfaces , like the slippery tiles they will find in a transit station . They are exposed to noises and large groups of people to make them more adaptable . Older puppies are then placed in prisons in Mississippi , Georgia , and Alabama , where inmates begin teaching them to use their noses . Eventually , they come back to Auburn and undergo a training regimen that is largely secret and is in the process of being patented . The dogs get 25 weeks of training , 14 of them with their permanent handlers . "  The dogs , when you get them , have more training than you do , and you have to play catch up , " said Amtrak police officer Ed Ross , who works with Zeta . The U.S. Capitol Police have just started using the $ 20,000 vapor wake dogs . The Federal Protective Service has a few . But Amtrak Police have made them a key part of their explosive detection strategy . Parker says they provide a non-intrusive way of screening large numbers of passengers . "  You can take the dog to the situation ; you do n't need to take the situation to the dog , " he said . "  They can go anywhere and adjust to the situation . They can be out in the cold . They can be out in the wind or the rain or the storm . What equipment can do that ? " Although Amtrak 's dogs have hit on fertilizer , nitroglycerin pills and photo paper , which all contain the same chemicals as explosives , Parker said all the situations were quickly resolved . Rob Gillette , a veterinarian who is director of Auburn 's Animal Health and Performance Program , says dogs ' noses are remarkably sensitive instruments that sample the air several times a second . He compares a vapor wake dog to a chef who can discern the scent of a particular herb in a complex stew . For the dogs , Gillette says , finding explosives is simply a game : "  At some point , this one scent comes up , and he 's like ` Oh , that 's the one I like ! That 's the one I get rewarded for ! I love this , so let 's go find this ! ' "	Vapor wake dogs can detect small traces of explosives in air Dogs are bred for job , but less than 2 percent will make the cut Prisoners in Mississippi , Georgia , Alabama help train dogs
CNN  -- The murderer of a 16-year-old girl who bragged about his crimes was electrocuted Thursday night , a spokesman for the Virginia Department of Corrections said . Paul Warner Powell was pronounced dead at 9:09 p.m. at a correctional center in Jarratt , Virginia . He did not make a last statement at the execution attended by the victim 's family . Powell was convicted in the 1999 murder of Stacie Reed and the rape of her 14-year-old sister in their Manassas , Virginia , family home . Powell 's execution comes after Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell denied him clemency and the U.S. Supreme Court declined to block the execution . The killer claimed double jeopardy after state prosecutors put him on trial for a second time in the killing . In July , the high court delayed Powell 's execution while considering the broader constitutional claims , which were finally rejected . Powell rejected lethal injection , the state 's usual method of execution . "  I 'm hopeful this is the last legal chapter in the long history of this case , " said Powell 's prosecutor , Prince William County Commonwealth 's Attorney Paul Ebert . "  The survivors -- Stacie 's mother and -LSB- her sister -RSB- -- have really been traumatized by delay after delay . Hopefully they 're going to get some peace and closure after all these years . " CNN does not identify sexual assault victims without their permission , even though the surviving victim , now 25 , has talked publicly about the case . The crime shocked the Washington area . Reed knew Powell , then 20 and an admitted racist . The state 's highest court eventually threw out the 2000 verdict in the first trial , saying prosecutors had not proven other necessary death-eligible offenses were committed against the 16-year-old . Such "  aggravating " factors could include rape , attempted rape or robbery in commission of the murder . The sexual assault and attempted murder of Reed 's younger sister was upheld , and Powell was given a long prison sentence . Powell , believing he was free from execution , proceeded to write a taunting , profanity-filled letter from behind bars to Ebert , laying out explicit details of the crime unknown to investigators at the time . "  Since I have already been indicted on first degree murder and the Va. . Supreme Court said that I ca n't be charged with capital murder again , I figured I would tell you the rest of what happened on Jan. 29 , 1999 , to show you how stupid all of y' all ... are , " wrote Powell , who is white . He said he had gone to the family 's home to confront Reed about dating a black man . He admitted pinning the victim , threatening to rape her , then stabbing her in the heart when the girl resisted . He then stomped on her throat . "  I guess I forgot to mention these events when I was being questioned . Ha Ha ! " he wrote in 2001 . "  Do you just hate yourself for being so stupid ... and saving me ? " The killer also said that after that crime , he waited in the house until the younger girl returned from school , then attacked her , leaving her for dead . In the meantime , he drank iced tea from the family refrigerator and smoked a cigarette , part of the forensic evidence that investigators used to place Powell at the scene of the crime . With this first-hand account from Powell , he was indicted again and charged with murder and attempted rape of Stacie Reed -- a capital-eligible crime . He was convicted again , and federal and state courts subsequently upheld the conviction on appeal .	Paul Warner Powell did not make a last statement at the electrocution Powell rejected lethal injection , the state 's usual method of execution Killer wrote a taunting , profanity-filled letter laying out details of the crime Based on letter , prosecutors put Powell on trial for second time in Stacie Reed 's death
CNN  -- If Tyra Banks is correct , one day , you will be able to get a nose job as easily as you can buy tissues to blow your nose . The model-turned-mogul wrote an opinion piece for the Wall Street Journal in which she made predictions about the future of beauty . It included her theories that "  Plastic surgery will be as easy and quick as going to the drugstore for Tylenol " and "  Skin color and features will mesh into a similar shade for the majority of people . " "  As I look into the future , I see radical changes in both how people ` attain beauty , ' and how the world perceives beauty , " Banks wrote . "  In general , I believe , traditional beauty will be less valuable -- and more uniqueness will be heralded . " The creator of "  America 's Next Top Model " also said she can see a world where climate change will cause a scarcity of natural foods , making hourglass figures the sought-after standard . The ability to select a baby 's features will occur as one would choose "  menu items at a fast-food drive-through window . " "  Blue and green eyes will become so common that dark brown will become the rare and newly desired eye color , " she said . The piece is a part of a series in which the Journal asked celebs and leaders to theorize about the future of their respective industries . Taylor Swift also wrote about her thoughts on what will become of the music industry .	Banks wrote an opinion piece for the Wall Street Journal She predicts that the way the world perceives beauty will change More uniqueness in looks is the future , she wrote
In a mystery straddling two states , three men and a woman were found dead of shotgun blasts in north Alabama after two of them were targeted in a Tennessee child pornography investigation , police say . It 's being called a triple murder-suicide pact , as it appears the shooter killed his sister , former brother-in-law and friend before turning the 12-gauge on himself . It 's unclear why they were in Alabama and why two of the four chose to take part in the pact . The four left handwritten suicide notes claiming their innocence and making requests for their funeral arrangements . Authorities discovered the notes , along with the bodies , in a car near Double Springs , Alabama , last week , Sheriff Rick Harris in Winston County , Alabama , told CNN . The car , parked on a logging road in a national forest , had its engine running , windshield wipers on and radio blaring when deputies located it , according to CNN affiliate WATN in Memphis . Kristie Hunt Campbell Hamrick , 39 ; her ex-husband , Robert Samuel Hamrick , 30 ; her brother , Andy Hunt , 38 ; and family friend Kevin Carey , 30 , who all listed the same Savannah , Tennessee , address as their home , were inside . In an interview with CNN affiliate WBRC in Birmingham , Harris said it appears Hunt fired five shots from a Mossberg 500A pump shotgun , killing the other three before getting into the car and shooting himself . "  We think at this point , by the shot pattern and trajectory study they did , that he walked around the car , and literally just leaned into the car and did what he had to do , " Harris told WBRC . Campbell Hamrick and her ex-husband became targets of a pornography probe after a teenage girl made allegations in September to the Department of Children 's Services , which contacted the Hardin County , Tennessee , police , said Sheriff Samuel Davidson . Deputies searched the four 's mobile home the next day and seized three computer towers , two flash drives , two cameras and two cell phones , Davidson said . A forensics lab is expected to complete its analysis of the seized items next month . Next-door neighbor Danny Keymon told WATN he saw police last month take "  a bunch of junk out of here . " His neighbors later vanished , and Robert Hamrick 's mother told Keymon that they 'd been involved in a devastating truck accident , he said . "  We heard they had a bad 18-wheeler wreck out in rural Texas and cut both of Kristi 's legs off and one of Andy 's arms and one of his legs and killed Kevin and threw Robert through the windshield , " Keymon said . Pam Dickerson , another next-door neighbor , told the station that though she 'd had confrontations with Robert Hamrick in the past , he did n't seem like the type to be involved in child pornography . "  I 've taken him home from town , too , when he was walking . He did n't seem like the type who could do that , " she told WATN . No charges have been filed in the child pornography probe , and Hunt and Carey were not being investigated , Sheriff Davidson said . When police went October 3 to the Savannah trailer where the four lived , the person who answered the door told police they 'd been missing for two weeks . Authorities in Alabama had discovered them the night before , Davidson said . Hardin said there will be no charges in relation to the murder-suicide , though the investigation remains open as authorities try to determine what exactly happened and why the foursome chose the Black Pond community in the William B. Bankhead National Forest to take their lives . So far , investigators know that Carey had relatives in Alabama with whom he had discussed the suicide pact . The relatives told investigators of the conversation after Carey 's death , Harris told CNN . Harris also told WBRC that Carey told a friend in Hamilton , Alabama , that he and the other three planned to kill themselves rather than go to prison on child pornography charges . Couple indicted in deaths of four on rural Tennessee road	Police : 4 found dead in car left suicide notes proclaiming innocence in child porn probe Only 2 of the 4 were being investigated in child porn probe , Tennessee authorities say It appears man shot sister , ex-brother-in-law , friend before shooting himself , police say Child porn probe launched after teen girl made allegations in September , police say
CNN  -- South Korean and American warships stopped a suspected pirate attack on an Egyptian ship in the Gulf of Aden , capturing 17 suspected pirates , the U.S. Navy announced Thursday . The USS Gettyburg helped stopped a suspected pirate attack , detaining 17 people . The South Korean destroyer ROKS Munmu the Great and cruiser USS Gettysburg launched helicopters in response to a distress call from the MV Amira , the Navy statement said . While en route to the Egyptian-flagged ship , they spotted a dhow that the navies suspected was being used as a pirate "  mother ship . " An American search-and-seizure team boarded the dhow and found eight assault rifles , a rocket-propelled grenade launcher and one rocket-propelled grenade , the Navy said . All 17 people aboard the boat were detained . It was the first time the anti-piracy task force CTF 151 had captured suspected pirates , the Navy said . Numerous military ships from around the world have been dispatched to patrol the waters off the coast of Somalia in the face of an explosion in piracy in the region over the past several years . Pirates currently hold 15 ships , said Cyrus Mody of the International Maritime Bureau , which monitors piracy worldwide . All those ships were seized in the waters off the east coast of Africa , he told CNN .	South Korean and American warships stop a suspected Somali pirate attack They launched helicopters in response to a distress call from the MV Amira American search-and-seizure team board dhow and detain 17 people
Michael Schumacher 's serious skiing accident in the French Alps has once again put the spotlight on skiing safety . The seven-time Formula One world champion remains in a critical condition after hitting his head on a rock at the Meribel resort in France on Sunday . But according to Dr. Mike Langran , a Scottish doctor who specializes in ski safety , serious accidents like the one endured by the German are uncommon . "  Accidents of this nature are , thankfully , rare events amongst skiers and snowboarders , although of course they usually receive substantial media attention , " Langran said in a statement on Monday . Langran , who was interviewed by CNN about skiing safety last January , said he was "  deeply saddened and concerned " on hearing of Schumacher 's accident and wished him a "  speedy and complete recovery , " but stressed that the risk of injury from snow sports remains low . "  As with any recreational activity however , it is impossible to completely remove all elements of risk when participating in snow sports , " Langran said . "  The absolute risk of an injury whilst skiing or snowboarding recreationally remains very low , in the order of 2-4 injuries per 1,000 days spent on the slopes . "  The vast majority of people will ski or board all their lives without ever sustaining a significant injury . " Commenting in January on skiing injuries and fatalities , Langran insisted that winter sports have had a bad press when it comes to perceptions about safety . Read more : World waits on Schumacher 's fate "  For snow sports , the average injury rate is 2-3 per 1000 participants on any one day . Compare that to an average game of soccer or rugby where perhaps the same number , or more are injured out of a much smaller number of players , " he told CNN . Langran added that in the U.S. over the past 10 years , on average , about 41.5 people had died per year from skiing or snowboarding . "  The rate of fatality converts to 0.78 per million skier/snowboarder visits . Although it 's not directly comparable , in the United States in 2009 , 2,400 people drowned while swimming in public areas and 800 died while bicycle riding , " Langran said . Schumacher is being treated for his injuries at the University Hospital Center of Grenoble . At a news conference on Monday , doctors said it was too early to say what the former F1 driver 's prognosis might be . Schumacher was in a coma when he arrived at the hospital and required immediate brain surgery , officials said . He has undergone one operation and is being kept in an induced coma , officials added . The 44-year-old was reportedly wearing a helmet when he fell . Doctors at the Grenoble hospital said that without the helmet 's protection , Schumacher would n't have made it to the operating table . "  I always recommend skiers and snowboarders to wear an appropriate helmet , " said Langran . "  Whilst they can never provide complete protection in all accident situations , I have no doubt that his use of a helmet will have substantially attenuated the injuries sustained . " The FIS  the International Ski Federation  has recommended the use of helmets on the slopes since 2006 , but their use remains voluntary . Some travel insurance companies , however , now insist they are worn otherwise claims by injured skiers could be invalidated . Read more : Danger on the slopes : Are winter sports safe ? Read more : Schumacher in critical condition after skiing accident	Seven-time F1 world champion 's accident highlights perils of skiing Serious accidents from recreational skiing are a rare event , says ski safety expert Injuries are between 2-4 per 1,000 days on ski slopes , says Dr. Mike Langran Langran recommends skiers and snowboarders always wear an appropriate helmet
CNN  -- Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah offered his resignation nearly three weeks after he accepted the job , two Palestinian government sources said Thursday . It 's not clear whether Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas will accept the resignation . Sources said Hamdallah made the because of interference by Abbas with the prime minister 's duties . Abbas named Hamdallah , president of a West Bank university , as his new prime minister on June 2 and asked him to form a new Cabinet . Hamdallah replaced Salam Fayyad , who had led a caretaker government since Abbas accepted his resignation in April . Fayyad 's decision to step down was viewed as a step toward the possible establishment of a unity government between the two main Palestinian factions , Fatah and Hamas . Hamdallah is a British-educated linguist and longtime academic . He became president of An-Najah National University in the West Bank city of Nablus in 1998 and was finalizing his departure from the post after he accepted the prime minister 's job .	NEW : Sources say the prime minister is upset because of interference by Mahmoud Abbas It is not clear whether Rami Hamdallah 's resignation will be accepted He was named prime minister June 2 by Abbas , the Palestinian authority president
CNN  -- Fred Berretta was aboard US Airways Flight 1549 bound for Charlotte , North Carolina , when he heard a loud bang and the plane shook . The New York Fire Department rescued passengers from the downed plane in the Hudson River . "  We were still on ascent , and the engine blew out , " he said . "  The pilot turned around and made a line for the river . " Passenger Alberto Panero said that immediately , he smelled smoke . "  All of a sudden , the captain came on and said brace for a landing , and that 's when we knew we were going down , " he said . The Airbus A320 , carrying Panero and more than 150 other passengers and crew , crash-landed in the Hudson River on Thursday after taking off from LaGuardia Airport in New York . Watch Jeff Kolodjay describe the crash " A New Jersey State Police source told CNN the pilot radioed to air traffic controllers that he had experienced a bird strike and declared an emergency . "  We knew there was n't a lot of time because we were quite close to the ground , and it felt as though the descent was somewhat rapid , " said Berretta , who said he was sitting in seat 16A . Watch Berretta describe the landing " As the plane headed down toward the river , the cabin was mostly silent , he said . "  After he told us prepare for impact , it was pretty evident we were not going to make the runway . " At first , it felt like the plane was gliding , Berretta said , as if no engines were working . "  People started praying , and there was a lot of silence , and the realization that we were going in was really hard to take in at that moment , " he said . As the plane started to go down , some passengers shouted to those in exit rows to be prepared to quickly open the doors . Berretta spent that time contemplating the chances of surviving a water crash . "  I think that -LSB- it -RSB- certainly went through my mind that this probably very much could be it , " he said . Then the plane hit the water . Panero said the impact felt like a car crash . Some said that as the plane hit , there were extremely loud noises . "  The plane was jockeying about , spinning a bit , " Berretta said . "  Then all of a sudden , it was ` Get out , get out now , ' " Panero said . Jeff Kolodjay was sitting in seat 22A right next to the engine believed to have caused the plane to go down . "  The plane started filling with water pretty quick , " he said . "  It was scary . There was a lady with her baby on my left-hand shoulder , and she was crawling over the seats . " Upon impact , passengers left behind their coats and luggage . They grabbed life vests and seat cushions and headed toward the exits . "  It seemed like it lasted an eternity , " Berretta said . When the plane began to sink , some passengers began to panic , Panero said . Watch Panero describe what he saw and heard " "  But there was a couple of people who kind of took charge and just started yelling to calm down , just to get everybody out , " he said . "  Once people realized that we were going to be OK , everybody kind of calmed down and just tried to get out of the plane to safety . " Passengers began to group themselves on the wings to stay out of the frigid water . When they were safely out of the plane , Berretta said , there was one more moment of fear . "  Our raft was tethered to the plane , and we worried we might go down with the plane , " he said . "  But we were able to get a knife off a rescue boat and cut the tether . " More than anything , passengers wanted to thank the crew . As Berretta exited the plane , he said that besides a few passengers remaining , the crew and pilot stayed behind to make sure everyone was out . "  I think the pilot , he did a great job , " Berretta said . "  I think it was as good of a landing as you can make in a river . "	NEW : People were praying , telling exit row passengers to get ready to open doors Plane passengers say pilot told them to "  brace for a landing " Jeff Kolodjay : "  The plane started filling with water pretty quick " Woman with baby tried to climb over seats to get out
WIRED  Screens are rectangles . Even the 3-year-old playing with your iPad could tell you that . But what would the digital world look like through a different sort of frame ? Say ... a circular one ? Monohm , a startup based in Berkeley , California , was founded around this very idea . For the last year , the three-person team has been working a circular , palm-sized device dubbed Runcible . They cheekily refer to it as the "  anti-smartphone , " a description that goes for both its form factor and its value system . The round device is meant to be the antidote to our feed-obsessed , notification-saturated digital existence . It 's a challenge to the rectangular status quo and everything it represents . That 's a quixotic dream , but an interesting one . Display technologies have a long and rectangular history . Before smartphones there were movie screens , TVs , and computers , not to mention paintings and pages of print . And then of course there are windows -- in some ways the original glass rectangles . In each case , the rectangle 's prominence can be attributed in large part to practicality . Whether you 're talking about film or glass or stone , rectangles are easy to make . They do n't leave much wasted material . As frames for shaping the world , however , different types of rectangles can produce vastly different effects . 14 of the Best Architecture Photos From the Past Year In her book The Virtual Window , which traces the rectangular frame from Renaissance painting up through Microsoft Windows , media theorist Anne Friedberg offers an example from the history of architecture , centering on a public feud between French builder August Perret and the preeminent modernist architect Le Corbusier . Perret was a strong advocate of the traditional French casement window , which was oriented vertically . Its main function , he said , was to let light into a room . Le Corbusier , making use of new manufacturing techniques , designed his buildings around long , horizontal windows , which were as much about framing the outside world as illuminating the space within . The disagreement influenced architecture for decades to come . The simple act of turning a rectangle on its side gave us entirely new ways to think about space . Rectangles are still subtly dictating our behavior today . Movie screens , chased by TVs , have gotten bigger and wider , encouraging us to sit back and lose ourselves in the spectacle .  In 1930 , Russian filmmaker Sergei Eisenstein lamented how the cinema 's "  passive horizontalism . " He wanted the screen to be square . Smartphones , with their slender , touch-controlled displays , have become a distinctly more active rectangle . Paired with the never-ending vertical feeds that fill apps like Facebook , Instagram , and Twitter , they 've become an irresistible , inexhaustible diversion . The point is this : Frames matter . They suggest certain things about how we should approach them . They shape the type of stuff that 's made for them . And if just turning a rectangle on its side can make such a big difference , imagine all the interesting things that might happen if you left the rectangle behind altogether . Runcible is n't meant to be a smartphone replacement so much as an alternative . "  I think we 've become really , really good at getting interrupted and creating conduits for interruption , " says Monohm CEO Aubrey Anderson , who met his co-founders during a stint at Apple . "  It 's time now to use technology to get a little quieter . " If miniaturizing the computer is what got us the smartphone , Runcible asks what a gizmo might look like if you started by souping up a pocket watch . And the shape of the device is central to that thinking . A circular frame , after all , is no good for browsing a Twitter feed . 12 Most Ancient and Magnificent Trees From Around the World So what is it good for ? That 's the question . At this point , Runcible as much a provocation as an actual product . The three-person team , which has been working with the San Francisco design studio Box Clever on the concept for nearly a year , has some prototype hardware and a crude sketch of an operating system , but they 've still got a long way to go . They 've got a few vague ideas for applications . One is a sort of dashboard that gives you an overview of activity on your social media accounts . Another is a compass-style mapping system that encourages wandering instead of pure A-to-B efficiency . But they 're more enthusiastic about the philosophy behind it all : They want to see applications that distill information and streamline interaction , software that constrains the smartphone experience as it exists today . All this is easier said than done , of course . Throwing out centuries of rectangular thinking and starting from scratch ai n't easy . Plus , it 's not clear that people really want constraint to begin with . Smartphones are distracting , sure , but they 're also incredibly useful and immensely entertaining and maybe a little distraction is a fair price to pay for all the good stuff . Still , even as a hint of a possible device , Runcible is compelling . For one thing , the company 's hardware model feels great in the hand  The team 's hardware guy , George Arriola , came from Sony , where he helped design the PlayStation 4 .  The model 's curved back brings to mind the very first iPhone -- and makes you consider how each successive generation has become a little bit harder to hold . And though unformed , the vision for the software is interesting too . If today 's interactive rectangles and infinite feeds signal that there 's always more stuff just outside the frame , circles could offer something more self-contained , more complete . Maybe even something actively inefficient . Rectangles are beautiful and functional . Circles are zen . A circular device would sever the link to the printed page , the TV and the computer , and invite developers to look elsewhere for metaphor and inspiration . Pocket watches and compasses . Microscopes and telescopes . Peep holes , port holes , and wormholes . Dials , buttons , and other circular controls . 15 Incredible Photos That 'll Remind You to Be Awed by Planet Earth If nothing else , the concept could be valuable simply for helping us identify some of the assumptions and habits that underlie our existing devices . Maybe thinking about circles could help us make our rectangles better . Runcible is just one scrappy , literal attempt to abandon the rectangle . But similar thinking is happening elsewhere . Android Wear , Google 's smartwatch operating system , reconsiders what apps should look like on a tiny circular display . Apple Watch is in some ways another rectangle , but its real estate is limited enough that it will also encourage new , less rectangular thinking .  Note how its home screen ditches iPhone 's grid of icons for a blob of circular ones . Also note the recent rise of circular avatars over the traditional square ones in apps and interfaces of all kinds  . We 've seen how sensors can be harnessed to choreograph experiences that happen outside of the frame entirely , as with Disney 's Magic Bands , which usher you through the company 's parks . And then of course there are technologies like augmented reality and virtual reality , where your nose is effectively pressed so close to the glass that the frame disappears entirely . Here , the screen is less of a window , more of a lens . The only frame is your field of vision . Rectangles will endure . They 're easy , they 're efficient . But as new components and manufacturing techniques make it easier to experiment with other forms , we 'll likely find people exploring the unique effects they can produce . Just recently , in fact , we saw an instance of a tech industry giant leaving the glass rectangle behind in a very big way . In a 10 minute video , Google proposed a new headquarters that would leaves boxy buildings behind in favor of tent-like structures draped in glass . These buildings do n't have vertical windows or horizontal windows . They 're nothing but windows , or maybe they 're so radical that the concept of "  window " does n't even really apply . Whatever the case , there 's nothing rectangular about them , and Google 's convinced they 're the future . Read more from WIRED : There 's a Super-Fast Method for Boarding Planes , But Airlines Are n't Using It 21 Awesomely Well-Designed Products We 're Dying to Own What Cities Would Look Like if Lit Only by the Stars Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	A Californian startup has developed a circular smartphone called "  Runcible " The provocative anti-phone is meant to be an antidote to our obsession for digital devices
CNN  -- Campaigns and outside spending groups have spent millions on get-out-the-vote efforts in the final days leading up to Election Day , but there 's one thing money ca n't buy : perfect weather . Rain is expected in parts of the country on Tuesday , while Maine is still recovering from a nasty winter storm over the weekend that forced the governor to declare a state of emergency . Two major companies â $ " Emera and Central Maine Power â $ " reported a combined 85,000 customers who were experiencing power outages and restorations Tuesday morning . 7 things that will almost definitely happen on election night Republican Gov. Paul LePage , who 's locked in a tight three-way contest for his reelection , said Sunday he expected power restoration to take "  several days . " The state issued a list of five polling stations that had changed locations after the storm . As for weather on Tuesday , rain stretches from Michigan to Texas because of a front that 's slowly crawling across the country , according to a CNN forecast . Heavy rain is possible for areas in Texas , Oklahoma , and Arkansas -- the latter of which holds a key Senate race Tuesday between Republican Tom Cotton and incumbent Democrat Mark Pryor . A viewer 's guide to Election Night The eastern part of the country will remain dry with temperatures near or above average until Thursday , when the rain will make its way to the Northeast . To the the west of the front will be mostly good weather , with some showers in the Pacific Northwest .	Tens of thousands are out of power in Maine after a winter storm A line of rain stretches through the middle of the country on Tuesday
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A round-the-world yachtsman is on his way to dry land after spending almost three days adrift in a life raft buffeted by strong winds and rough seas off the southern coast of Australia . Alain Delord , a French sailor , was rescued by an adventure cruise ship 500 nautical miles south west of Hobart , Tasmania late on Sunday , a spokeswoman for the Australian Maritime Safety Authority  AMSA  told CNN . Also read : Gold nugget worth $ 300,000 discovered in Australia The vessel , the MV Orion , made a 60-hour detour to respond to the distress signal and its captain said the rescue took place in "  scary " weather conditions , with poor visibility and waves that swelled up to 3.5 meters . "  We were probably only half a mile away when we saw the raft , " Captain Mike Taylor told ABC Radio . "  I mean it was just swallowed up in the long ocean swells . You 'd see it bob to the top and then disappear . " Delord , an experienced sailor , had abandoned his yacht on Friday after the mast snapped and the hull sustained damage during his round-the-world journey . According to his Facebook page , Delord embarked on his solo voyage at the end of October . Taylor said the yachtsman was doing better-than-expected after spending two nights in a life raft "  the size of a small car " . "  When I saw him , he was under the doctor 's care , he looked pretty much overwhelmed . He 'd probably been in fear of his life for two days . " "  He was very glad to be here and I 'm pretty sure he 'll be fine going forward . No major injuries . " While the Orion made its way toward Delord 's life raft , aircraft dropped food , communication equipment and other supplies . His location was considered too remote for a helicopter rescue . Despite the departure from their itinerary , passengers on board the Antarctic cruise gave "  a cheer that ran the length of the ship " when the sailor was rescued , Taylor said . Photographs posted on Orion Expedition Cruises ' Facebook page showed a frail-looking Delord meeting expedition leaders . The cruise ship is due to arrive in Hobart around 8 a.m. local time on Tuesday  7 p.m. ET Monday  . Jo Meehan , spokesperson for AMSA , said that the Orion 's crew had displayed exemplary seamanship and had put Delord 's safety "  ahead of their commercial interests . " "  They deserve the highest praise for adhering to the law of the sea , " she said . Also read : Lights out down under : Your photos from Australia 's total solar eclipse	Solo yachtsman rescued after three days adrift in life raft Cruise ship made a 60-hour detour to recover the French sailor Alain Delord abandoned his yacht after mast broke in rough weather Delord and cruise ship on way to Hobart , Australia
CNN  -- For the first time in decades , the hunting of the gray wolf is legal again in the United States . And that 's a good thing for ranchers like Cindy Siddoway of Terreton , Idaho , whose sheep are threatened every day by wolves . Gray wolves were taken off the endangered species list after their population rebounded . "  We have worked very hard to protect what we have , and it 's not very successful , " she said . "  It is devastating for us to put all of the money and the time and the genetics and work to produce a great product and then just have it half-eaten and left to die . " But wolf hunting is n't popular with everybody . It has become a controversy in Idaho , where the hunt began Tuesday , and in Montana , where it is scheduled to start September 15 . Environmental and animal rights groups are upset by a federal decision this year to remove gray wolves in the northern Rocky Mountains from the endangered species list , a move that opened the door to permitting the hunts . They are seeking an injunction in U.S. District Court in Montana to stop the hunts . Judge Donald Molloy is reviewing the case , and it 's unclear when he will rule . After their population dwindled in the Rockies last century , in part because of practices like trapping , gray wolves were put on the endangered species list . But the population has rebounded , and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service delisted the animals and determined that the populations would be healthy enough for hunts to be permitted in Idaho and Montana , which manage the wolf populations . There are also gray wolves in Wyoming , but hunts are not permitted there because of the state 's weak wildlife management , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service said . Opponents of the hunt say the population is not large and healthy enough to allow hunting . Melanie Stein , a Sierra Club spokeswoman , said that the wolf populations "  are just on the cusp of recovery and that we are almost there . " But she says the hunts represent "  a step backward and away from recovery " of the wolf populations . Defenders of Wildlife , one of several groups urging the court to stop the hunt , detailed the ecological role of the wolves on its Web site . "  In what is known as the cascade effect , wolves are exerting influence over a multitude of species within the park 's ecosystem . Elk , wary of the reintroduced top predator , have altered their grazing behavior . "  With less grazing pressure from elk , streambed vegetation such as willow and aspen is regenerating after decades of overbrowsing . As the trees are restored , they create better habitat for native birds and fish , beaver and other species . " Siddoway does n't think the hunt will make much of a difference right now because it is hard to kill the animals . But the wolf attacks take their toll . For example , the wolves will kill Great Pyrenees guard dogs used to protect the herds . When that happens , "  then we 're open to prey from bears and everything else , " Siddoway said . "  We know that it 's a problem , and we want to make sure ranchers can continue on with their livelihood , " Stein said . "  But there has to be some co-existence between wolves and other species . " Currently , ranchers and farmers can legally shoot a wolf they see attacking their livestock , said Ed Bangs , wolf recovery coordinator with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service . There are also tools used to counter wolf attacks without hunting , he said . They include scare tactics , like shooting firecrackers out of a shotgun , or proper fencing . "  All that stuff works for a little while in some instances for a short period of time and in some situations can be helpful . But it is n't the silver bullet for wolf depredation , " he said . He said these techniques work "  in conjunction with killing wolves . " There are state and private programs compensating ranchers who lose livestock because of attacks , but the money represents only part of what the livestock and the time dealing with the problem is worth . "  The ranchers got the short end of the stick , " Bangs said . Officials say that up to 330 wolves in the states of Idaho and Montana may be killed during this public hunt . In Idaho , the limit is 220 wolves , and in Montana , it would be 75 . Members of the Nez Perce tribe in Idaho can kill up to 35 wolves . Ed Mitchell , spokesman for the Idaho Department of Fish and Game , said three wolves have been taken in Idaho since the hunting season began . There are more than 1,600 gray wolves in Montana , Idaho and Wyoming . But Siddoway says "  there will never be enough " for environmental groups to agree to the hunts . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Environmentalists , animal rights groups protest decision Ranchers say it might help save their flocks Montana district court judge is considering injunction There are 1,600 wolves in Idaho , Montana , Wyoming ; 330 may be killed
WIRED  -- Following a trend set by other carriers , AT&T has begun sending SMS warning messages to the top 5 % of data users on its network . The message alerts consumers that they are among AT&T 's top 5 % that billing period , and suggests they use Wi-Fi to avoid reduced data speeds in the future . Although it 's a pain to those affected , AT&T is being transparent about the issue , giving subscribers a chance to minimize their usage before getting their data speeds choked . Verizon began throttling users who consume a large amount of data , but did n't initially reveal the policy to the public , describe how it would be implemented or describe if and how users would be notified . It should be noted , however , that AT&T was the first carrier to introduce the tiered data plan structure to customers , setting the trend for other carriers to follow suit thereafter . AT&T did away with its unlimited data plan shortly after the iPhone 4 debuted last summer , replacing it with a tiered data structure . Currently , the most robust data option is a $ 25 per month 2 GB plan that allows you to go over that limit for $ 10 per extra GB . AT&T confirmed it would throttle the data speeds of the heaviest users on its network in late July . Verizon has a similar policy . The carrier will reduce data speeds "  periodically for the remainder of your then current and immediately following billing cycle " if you fall within the top 5 percent of heavy data users . This is done in order to "  ensure high quality network performance " for other users , especially in times and locations where there 's peak demand . According to a developer forum , Verizon will call and then send a letter to users who are about to get their data speeds throttled . Verizon eliminated its unlimited data plan in July and now offers 2 GB for $ 30/month , 5 GB for $ 50 monthly and 10 GB for $ 80 monthly . T-Mobile offers an unlimited data plan that costs $ 100 per month , but throttles users who exceed 5 GB in a single billing cycle . That leaves Sprint as the only carrier that still offers an unlimited data plan without any kind of throttling  unlimited data and minutes for $ 100/month  , but the carrier does tack on a $ 10 "  Premium Data " fee for smartphone owners . Sprint is rumored to begin carrying the iPhone this year , which would make it the only carrier to allow users an unlimited data plan with the popular phone . Business analyst and Redditor Zaied Ali was one of the recipients of AT&T 's recent round of SMS alerts . He used between 11 and 12 GB of data this month , but normally averages around 6 GB to 7 GB . Ali thinks that AT&T 's throttling policy reduces the utility of his smartphone , since he has to think twice about how he uses his phone . "  What is the point of a Netflix app if we do n't have the back-end to fully support it ? " Ali says . "  The tiered data plan is in the right direction , but then do n't throttle your users . Let them use what they pay for at the speeds that they paid for . " Another Redditor , Skelatwork , amassed a similar level of data this billing period and received an SMS warning . Skelatwork said that he reached the 11 GB mark by listening to podcasts and Pandora on his commute to work . A Wired.com poll of 11,000 data plan subscribers showed that 73 % use less than 2 GB of data each month . Consumer Reports similarly found that the average iPhone user only gobbles 273 MB of data each month . So right now , the throttling issue is generally only affecting a small number of users . As the use of cloud storage and streaming music and video services becomes more widespread , the issue of these data caps and speed throttling is likely to get more heated . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	AT&T suggests top data users utilize wi-fi to avoid reduced speeds in future AT&T was the first carrier to introduce the tiered data plan structure to customers Verizon eliminated its unlimited data plan in July
For everyone who has condemned the numerous protests , rallies and vigils demanding justice for Trayvon Benjamin Martin , the 17-year-old gunned down in Sanford , Florida , a month ago , please listen to these two words : Shut up ! Of course that may seem harsh , but that is exactly how I feel . I do n't want to hear the nonsense to let the system run its course . Others say , "  Let 's not do anything until all of the facts are in . " Let 's cut to the chase : There would be no special prosecutor had thousands across the national not mobilized , organized and took to the streets to demand justice for Trayvon . Would a grand jury be convened on April 10 ? Not a chance . Would the 911 tapes be released showing admitted trigger man George Zimmerman calling Trayvon suspicious , and owning up to following him ? No . Would the Florida Legislature be reviewing -- and discussing changing or abandoning -- the controversial "  Stand Your Ground " law , which is at the heart of this case ? No . Would the Department of Justice have launched an investigation into the case , as well as the Sanford Police Department ? Nope . Would Sanford 's police chief , Bill Lee , have stepped down if the inept investigation had n't been exposed ? No . Instead of critics condemning the protests , they should be saying , "  Thank you ! Thank you ! Thank you ! " Whether folks want to admit it or not , this has always been the story of African-Americans . Go through history and you will find many examples of cases not being investigated or , if they were brought to trial , prosecuted or judged atrociously : Scottsboro Boys . Clarence Brandley . Lenell Geter . Medgar Evers . The Sixteeenth Street Baptist Church bombing . Justice is supposed to be blind , but for African-Americans , it has commonly been deaf , dumb and blind . As a result , we 've had to live by the admonition of former slave and abolitionist Frederick Douglass , who said , "  Agitate ! Agitate ! Agitate ! " It was also Douglass who stated , "  Power concedes nothing without a demand . " The main demand in the Trayvon Martin case from Day One was for Zimmerman to be arrested and for justice to be served . This was n't about a ridiculous bounty on the head of Zimmerman by the New Black Panther Party . It was n't about the selling of T-shirts . It was n't about who showed up and led a march or why . It was about holding a legal system accountable that clearly gave more credence to a 28-year-old gunman than the 17-year-old , unarmed man who was gunned down . For all of our talk about law and order in this country , there is a lot that is wrong with our legal system . We all should feel ashamed when someone is freed from death row or life in prison after DNA testing revealed him or her not to be the real killer or rapist . It should pain our heart when the prosecution withholds evidence in a case that could exonerate someone . And all of us , regardless of race or economic status , should scream to high heaven when the police do n't do their job equally for all citizens . We are a nation of laws , and sometimes they work for some and not others . When we 've prayed , cried and pleaded , oftentimes the only thing we have left to do is march . That is a right that is afforded every one of us in the U.S. Constitution , be it the Tea Party , Occupy Wall Street or those demanding justice for Trayvon . No one should be condemned for taking to the streets and letting their voices be heard . They should n't be called race-baiters , rabble-rousers or radicals . We all should call them exactly what they are : true Americans .	Without protests , the Trayvon Martin case would be going nowhere , Roland Martin says History is rife with examples of injustice against African-Americans , Martin says Instead of condemning those clamoring for justice , we should thank them , he says
CNN  -- Four people were killed Wednesday in a two-vehicle crash on U.S. Highway 63 near Bay , Arkansas , said Craighead County Deputy Coroner Kurt Beeson . Video from the scene showed the minibus resting on its roof alongside the road . The incident involved a Chrysler PT Cruiser and a minibus that Beeson said was operated by Focus Incorporated , which is aimed at helping disabled people . Video showed the highway littered with debris from the crash . The minibus was resting on its roof in a ditch beside the road . The mangled and nearly unrecognizable burgundy PT Cruiser came to rest on the other side of the road . The footage showed at least one body being put in the back of an ambulance . Authorities held up sheets to shield victims from the overhead helicopter from CNN affiliate WMC . Northbound lanes of U.S. 63 were closed . Beeson said preliminary information indicates that the driver of the PT Cruiser was heading the wrong way on the highway or crossed into the wrong lane . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham , Divina Mims and Emily Robards contributed to this report .	Minivan involved was operated by group aimed at helping disabled people Chrysler PT Cruiser evidently went into wrong lane , officials say Northbound lanes of highway were closed
CNN  -- Since the summer of 2010 , Julian Assange has become a pop culture fixture , a self-appointed champion of free speech , the suspect in a Swedish sex crimes investigation and a man who says he 's keeping afloat a financially strapped Web operation that has mightily ticked off the U.S. government . Some loathe him . Others admire him . But one thing is certain : Assange is not going away , no matter what happens in the ongoing legal case against him . Assange lost his appeal before Britain 's Supreme Court on Wednesday , taking him another step closer to extradition to Sweden for questioning on sexual abuse accusations filed against him in August 2010 . He 's been living in England under house arrest related to the case and has failed several times in recent months to convince magistrates and the court of appeal that a warrant for his arrest is invalid . Assange has repeatedly stressed that he 's innocent . His lawyers have vowed to take the fight all the way to the European Court of Human Rights if necessary . Though Assange is a household name now , little was known about him before July 25 , 2010 , when he dominated breaking international headlines when his site WikiLeaks published a trove of classified U.S. documents about the Afghanistan war . Until then , Assange had done few interviews and had kept a low profile . One exception , however , was a TED talk conducted just days earlier in which he described his upbringing as constantly uprooted , and said that his parents were in the movie business and on the run from a cult . The audience at the TED event seemed rapt . They laughed and clapped at his comments . When Assange founded WikiLeaks in 2006 , the site built a relatively small but steady following among investigative journalists . WikiLeaks cut its teeth in its early years leaking information that exposed corruption in Kenya and information about the Guantanamo detention facility in Cuba , and his talk at TED concentrated mostly on those experiences . Even after more than a year and a half of drama involving Assange and WikiLeaks , some still consider Assange a journalist . For the past year , he has been living in a remote manor house called Ellingham Hall , north of London . The home belongs to Vaughan Smith , a former British soldier and journalist who runs a popular London gathering spot for reporters . Assange was a kind of nomad before his house arrest , numerous accounts and interviews he 's given suggest . Ellingham has provided shelter for him from most media . He 's given very few interviews in the past year , except for an hour-long talk with "  60 Minutes " from the estate that aired on January 30 , 2011 . Over the months since his initial arrest in the Sweden case , Assange has repeatedly said that he 's innocent of the allegations and that they are a ruse to get him for leaking the classified U.S. documents . In 2010 , WikiLeaks posted online 391,832 classified documents on the Iraq war and more than 90,000 classified documents on the Afghan war . WikiLeaks has also released about a quarter-million diplomatic cables -- communication between the U.S. State Department and diplomatic outposts around the globe . Assange gave an interview to Germany 's Der Spiegel in 2010 , explaining the decision to publish the Afghanistan war documents . "  This material shined a light on the everyday brutality and squalor of war , " he said . Assange continued in interviews over several months with Time magazine , CNN and other media outlets to insist that leaking the classified documents served a greater public good . Instant fame With the Afghanistan war leak , Assange became a household name nearly overnight . Every news outlet in the world was reporting the story and flashing pictures of his snow-white hair , skinny ties and sardonic smile . Some said he was a cheerleader of transparency and a defender of the public 's right to know . Others said he was a foe of the United States and its allies , and had endangered confidential intelligence informants whose names appeared in an initial batch of the WikiLeaks documents . U.S. Rep. Peter King , R-New York , called Assange an "  enemy combatant . " When Assange was arrested in relation to the sexual assault allegations , then-U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates told reporters , "  It sounds like good news to me . " Yet Assange stepped further into the fray . In late 2010 , Assange said that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton "  should resign " when responding to a question by Time magazine concerning the diplomatic cable dump . At the same time , Assange 's influence and star power grew . Time 's readers voted him Person of the Year for 2010 . Despite the ongoing sex crimes case , for which he was temporarily jailed  a detention that "  Saturday Night Live " spoofed  , Assange insisted that WikiLeaks was still operating . On September 2 , 2011 , WikiLeaks released its entire archive of the diplomatic cables -- 251,287 unredacted documents . An unauthorized biography of Assange , which he has fiercely criticized , was also released in September . According to several reports , British newspaper The Independent published what it said were portions of the book . In one section , Assange is quoted as saying , "  I did not rape those women . " On November 28 , Assange addressed journalists at a News World Summit in Hong Kong via a video link from England . For at least 30 minutes , he went on a rant criticizing Washington , mainstream media , banks and others , while accepting an award from a noted journalism group , the Walkley Foundation of Australia . He said that a federal grand jury in Washington was investigating WikiLeaks and that people and companies around the world were coerced to testify against the group . He accused banks of blockading WikiLeaks , said that journalists have become ladder climbers and must be held to greater account , and said there was a "  new McCarthyism " in the United States . Also last year , Assange won the 2011 Martha Gellhorn Prize for Journalism , and a Norwegian parliamentarian nominated him for the Nobel Peace Prize . The latest proof that Assange is certifiably pop is news that he voiced his own character for the 500th episode of "  The Simpsons " which aired earlier this year . He recorded the spot last summer . In March , Assange hosted a new talk show on English-language Russian television . Called "  The World Tomorrow , " it features him interviewing "  key political players , thinkers and revolutionaries . " From hacking to WikiLeaking While Julian Assange 's public persona grows stronger , his mother , Christine Assange , said that his ordeal is taking a toll on her family . She told ABC Brisbane this week that her son 's battle against extradition to Sweden is a "  political frame-up . " She also said her cell phone is being monitored , according to the International Business Times . Yet Christine Assange has been her son 's biggest defender . She has in the past described him as "  highly intelligent . " He was just 16 when she bought him a Commodore 64 computer in 1987 . Assange attached a modem to his computer and began his journey into the new computer era . "  It 's like chess , " he told New Yorker magazine . "  Chess is very austere in that you do n't have many rules , there is no randomness and the problem is very hard . " Though his mother raised him without any religious influence , she sensed that from a tender age , her son was led by a strong desire to do what he perceived as just . "  He was a lovely boy , very sensitive , good with animals , quiet and has a wicked sense of humor , " she 's told the Melbourne , Australia , Herald Sun . Assange studied mathematics and physics at the University of Melbourne . In interviews , Assange speaks in baritone . His pace is measured , and he seems to choose words carefully . He can be charming yet cagey about his private life and is rarely shaken by discussions of even the most controversial revelations on WikiLeaks . He 's the kind of person who , he says , can hack into the most sophisticated computer system . But he can forget to show up for an interview or cancel at the last minute . When he talks , he displays an astonishing breadth of interests : from computers to literature to his travels in Africa . Assange 's fascination with hacking grew when he was a teen . He taught himself computer encryption and security . He says he once set up an encryption puzzle based on the manipulation of prime numbers . A June 2010 New Yorker article describes how Assange hacked into the master terminal of the telecom company Nortel in 1991 . The profile also says that Assange married and had a child when he was 18 , but the relationship fell apart and his wife left him with their infant son . The young hacker eventually turned away from network flaws and focused on what he perceived as wrongdoings of governments . An activist , journalist or both ? This statement appeared in 2007 on the blog IQ.org , which Assange is believed to have created . "  The whole universe or the structure that perceives it is a worthy opponent , but try as I may I can not escape the sound of suffering . Perhaps as an old man I will take great comfort in pottering around in a lab and gently talking to students in the summer evening and will accept suffering with insouciance . But not now ; men in their prime , if they have convictions are tasked to act on them . " Among the myriad topics addressed on the blog , Assange discusses mathematics versus philosophy , the death of author Kurt Vonnegut , censorship in Iran and the corporation as a nation state . Driven by the conviction of an activist and the curiosity of a journalist , Assange founded WikiLeaks in 2006 . He slept little and sometimes forgot to eat . He hired staff and enlisted the help of volunteers . Daniel Domscheit-Berg , a longtime volunteer and spokesman for WikiLeaks , was considered to be Assange 's closest collaborator . He quit WikiLeaks and told CNN that Assange 's personality was distracting from the group 's original mission : to publish small leaks , not just huge , splashy ones like the Afghan War Diary . Domscheit-Berg went on to publish a tell-all book about the inner workings of WikiLeaks . He wrote that Assange is a "  paranoid , power-hungry , megalomaniac . "	Julian Assange is facing extradition to Sweden on allegations of sex crimes Assange said he was raised by parents in theater business in Australia His mother , Christine , has been one of his fiercest defenders
Prince William 's wife , Catherine , plans to give birth to their first baby in the same hospital wing where her husband was born to Diana , Princess of Wales , almost 31 years ago , sources familiar with the plans said Wednesday . The first details of the protocol surrounding the announcement of the birth were revealed as the Duchess of Cambridge enters the final weeks of her pregnancy . The baby -- which , regardless of gender , will be heir to the British throne -- is expected to arrive in mid-July . According to sources familiar with the plans , the birth will take place in the private Lindo Wing of St. Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , west London . The first indication that the baby is on its way will be the announcement to the media that the Duchess of Cambridge has been admitted to the hospital in the early stages of labor , royal sources told CNN . The next public announcement is expected to be that of the birth . It will be made in the form of a formal bulletin , signed by medical staff and rushed in a car with a police escort to Buckingham Palace . There , the notice will be placed on an easel on the palace forecourt , the royal sources said . This will be the first chance for the nation and those watching around the world to find out whether the new baby is a boy or a girl . William and Catherine do n't know the sex of their baby and want to keep the surprise until it 's born , the royal sources said . William 's grandmother Queen Elizabeth II and other members of both families will be told of the birth before the public knows . The next announcement will be that the Duchess of Cambridge and her baby are to be discharged from the hospital . People are already laying bets on what the newest member of the royal family will be named . Alexandra appears to be the favorite for a girl , with George the favored name for a boy , according to UK betting websites . Diana , Elizabeth and Victoria are also popular choices with punters . The baby will be third in line to the throne after Prince Charles and Prince William . Paternity leave The royal couple will probably present their baby to the world on the same doorstep where a proud Diana and Prince Charles showed off William in 1982 . It 's not yet been disclosed where the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge plan to spend the days and weeks following the birth , the royal sources said . William , who will turn 31 on Friday , is expected to be given the usual paternity leave of two weeks by the Ministry of Defence , the royal sources said . He will then return to his job as a helicopter search and rescue pilot . The revelation of the birth details may be cause for some anxiety , given the tragedy that followed Catherine 's hospitalization late last year for acute morning sickness . In that instance , a prank call by an Australian radio station to nursing staff at King Edward VII 's Hospital , which sparked a media frenzy after details of Catherine 's care were revealed , resulted in a nurse 's suicide . "  We would appeal to all members of the media for an appropriate degree of sensitivity , dignity and privacy in their reporting , " a royal source said . "  With the events of the King Edward Hospital still strong in our memories , we would expect any media covering the Duchess of Cambridge 's hospitalization to ensure that the normal functions of the hospital are not impeded by any media presence . " Champagne on ice ? According to the Lindo Wing website , it has been offering private obstetric and neonatal care for mothers and babies since 1937 . The private wing operates alongside the Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust , which is part of the National Health Service . "  Over the years , we have gained an international reputation for clinical excellence in both obstetric and neonatal medicine which has made us the choice for thousands of mothers . But what really sets us apart is the discreet , traditional , individualised service we provide , " the Lindo Wing 's online brochure says . According to the prices listed , a stay in the Lindo Wing does n't come cheap by comparison with National Health Service care , which is free at the point of delivery . However , the mother can stay in a room with its own bath or private suite , with a range of facilities and services offered . Among them is "  a comprehensive wine list should you wish to enjoy a glass of champagne and toast your baby 's arrival . " The care package for the first 24 hours with a normal delivery starts at # 4,965  $ 7,777  , with the price increasing for a larger room or suite , or if a forceps delivery or caesarean section is needed . An additional night 's stay costs # 900  $ 1,400  or more on top of that price . Pregnant Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , names cruise ship Magazine defends photos of pregnant , bikini-clad Duchess of Cambridge	Sources : Catherine is to give birth in the same hospital wing where her husband was born Diana had Prince William in 1982 in the Lindo Wing of St. Mary 's Hospital , Paddington Once the baby is born , the official notice will be displayed at Buckingham Palace Prince William and Catherine are waiting until the baby is born to learn the sex , royal sources say
CNN  -- "  Raed , a 10-year-old Syrian refugee , is scared . The lightning and storms outside remind him of the sounds of bombs he heard when he was back in Syria . " -- World Vision report Raed 's school was bombed right after he and his friends had left for the day . Soon his house was also destroyed . Raed 's father , Ahmed , hoped that life in Syria would improve , but it did n't . He told World Vision in a recent report , "  Every minute in Syria posed a threat to the lives of my family . Massacres happened in front of our eyes . I had to get them out of there . " Ahmed led Raed and the rest of his family to Lebanon where they are now refugees . As recent reports out of Syria confirm , other families have been unable to escape in time . According to World Vision responders in the region and now the U.S. State Department , armed groups on both sides of the conflict have forced children Raed 's age and younger to work as combatants , porters , messengers and to perform other support tasks . Syria is one of many countries where the use of and violations against children in conflict have become chronic . This week the U.S. Government released its annual Trafficking in Persons  TIP  Report . This thorough report is a shining example of U.S. global leadership in the fight against modern day slavery around the world and in the US . The report is a critical diplomatic tool to engage countries and enable them to improve their own fight against trafficking . It also makes it possible to go beyond words : If a country is in the lowest tiered ranking , sanctions can be applied . A lot of ink and bandwidth will focus on the U.S. TIP report this week and what the U.S. and countries around the world are doing -- or are not doing -- in the fight against modern day slavery . Yet buried in the TIP Report , there is one page that is often unnoticed . It is a list of countries found to be using children in their national armies or in government-supported paramilitary groups . The Child Soldier Prevention Act  CSPA  of 2008 requires the annual TIP Report to include this list . But this year the list is more tragic than in years past , because the number of countries using child soldiers increased from seven in 2012 to 10 in 2013 . This is the first time since the passage of the CSPA in 2009 that the number of countries on the list has gone up . The 10 countries are Central African Republic  CAR  , Chad , Democratic Republic of Congo  DRC  , Myanmar , Rwanda , Somalia , South Sudan , Sudan , Syria , and Yemen . Of those ten countries , the U.S. government gives military aid to seven of them : Chad , DRC , Rwanda , Somalia , South Sudan , Yemen , and now the Syrian opposition . That means U.S. taxpayer dollars are being spent on armies that use children . The CSPA says that any country receiving U.S. military aid and found to be using children in its armed forces will lose key forms of that aid , except that which can help countries demobilize and transition children out of their national armies . Over the past three years , President Obama has issued waivers or partial waivers to all countries that receive U.S. military aid . The intent of the law is to use the waiver authority only in extreme circumstances . Instead , waivers have become the default reaction of this administration and thus our best tool is being kept unused in the toolbox . When you keep your best tool in the tool box , it gets rusty and useless . These countries need support to help end the widespread use of child soldiers and change takes time . Nevertheless , they continue to exploit children in their militaries , and the United States refuses to show the will necessary to enforce the law that took effect just three years ago . If the U.S. government is going to put pressure on countries like Russia and China as seen in this year 's TIP Report , why would it not pressure governments using children to fight for them ? The United Nations has set a deadline of 2016 for all countries to stop recruiting and using children to fight in the military . So far the UN has signed Action Plans to accomplish that goal with each of the violating countries listed in the TIP Report . However , Action Plans are just words on paper . If we are going to realize the goal of stopping the use of children as weapons of war , then the U.S. needs to actually use its leadership and the tools we have at our disposal . They 've already taken a step with DRC . Just this week Secretary Kerry appointed former Senator Russ Feingold as the new Special Envoy to the Great Lakes region of Africa . Senator Feingold was an original supporter of the CSPA and his engagement in the region will mean a great deal for the work in Rwanda and DRC . Now it 's time for the U.S. to be just as strategic with the other countries on the list . In Syria , the TIP Report points out that the Syrian army and the opposition are using children as fighters , porters , and even executioners . What 's more , there are now nearly six million refugee and internally displaced people from Syria and many of them are children . As a recent report from the Child Soldier Initiative points out , the likelihood a child will be forcibly recruited to fight in an armed group increases dramatically if that child is a refugee or internally displaced . It 's a likelihood that 's all too real for Raed and thousands of children just like him . The U.S. continues to show its leadership in fighting human trafficking when it comes to sexual and labor exploitation . It 's time for the U.S. government to do the same thing for children used as weapons of war . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jesse Eaves .	Armed groups in Syria on both sides of conflict are recruiting children U.S. government report says it 's one of 10 countries using child soldiers World Vision says the U.S. is supplying arms to countries on that list Eaves : "  The United States refuses to show the will necessary to enforce the law "
London , UK  CNN  -- Alina Cojocaru had been one of the Royal Ballet 's biggest draws for half a decade by the time her career crashed to a halt . The minute Prima Ballerina -- praised as "  a dancer of seeming fragility , delicacy and radiance " by The New York Times -- was rehearsing in 2008 , when she was flipped by her partner , skewed awkwardly and slammed to earth . She suffered severe whiplash and a prolapsed disc in her spine and was forced to rest for over a year . At 25 , doctors told her she would need surgery , and would never dance at the highest level again . The battle Behind ballet 's graceful pirouettes are grueling feats of training and endurance that push dancer 's bodies to their extremes . Rest is a rare luxury . Some dancers perform 200 to 250 days a year , leaving just over 100 days to train and recover . Rehearsals can require 10 hours a day on the floor . It is hardly surprising that critics often refer to dancers -- especially the hard-worked young apprentices in the corps -- as the "  foot soldiers " of ballet . Four out of five will suffer a severe injury during the course of their dancing career -- and two out of those four will never fully recover . Injuries , more often than not , are the result of fatigue and repeated strain on muscles and joints , rather than unpredictable accidents . Even in cases like Cojocaru 's , fatigue can be the root of the disaster -- as one exhausted dancer 's lapse in concentration often translates into another dancer 's injury . Physiotherapy for recovering dancers is well entrenched -- and organizations such as the National Institute of Dance Medicine and Science and the International Association for Dance Medicine and Science have done a lot to advance knowledge of health issues among the big ballet companies and schools that feed them . But , beyond that , dancers benefit from few of the scientific breakthroughs that have so improved the safety record of their athletic counterparts on the sports field . Ballet science Patrick Rump is the 33-year-old former karate champion fighting to change all that . Rump -- a broad-chested , broadly smiling German -- is the subject of "  Dance , Sports Science and Patrick Rump , " a new short documentary produced by Lady Bernstein and directed by Nigel Wattis . First screened at the Prix de Lausanne ballet competition in February , in the film Rump buzzes with enthusiasm as he documents his work rehabilitating leading dancers -- including world-famous principals Mathias Heymann and Federico Bonelli , and the English National Ballet 's artistic director Tamara Rojo -- and his light-handed attempts to start a revolution in dance health . The Rump approach is to consider the whole picture -- compiling data to track everything : from what the dancer eats and how much weight they can lift , to the angle of their leg as they glide through the air . "  It 's actually sports sciences , " he says , emphasizing the plural . "  It 's , for example : biomechanics , which is kind of like physics for the body . It 's anatomy , physiology . It 's about training science , movement and exercise science , psychology , nutrition ... " he goes on . In practice , this means watching each dancer intimately and building a computer profile of their performance based on multitude of different measures . A dancer might be videoed as he or she prepares to leap -- recorded in slow motion , with two lasers beaming data back to a laptop on height jumped , time taken to get off the ground , and more . When Rump opens up his laptop screen , grid-squares line up with a young dancer 's arrow-straight right leg , and betray a miniature kink in the left . The data readouts show he is jumping 5cm less than he was before injury . Rump takes this visual micro-analysis and adds dietary guidance , strength and stamina-building weight training , and scheduled recovery periods , all of which he imported from his knowledge of the world of sport . This way , he begins to build a personalized regime capable of restoring dancers from injury , and -- he hopes -- keeping them healthy when they recover . Resistance When asked if his methods have face resistance from those in the ballet world , his usual smiling face drops momentarily , and he exhales : "  Yeah , a lot . " He 's used to hearing the complaint from ballet company directors that  he recalls  "  they are sports and we are art , and it does n't go together . " Ballet instructors are often reluctant to see their dancers head into the weight room fearing that they will develop bulging muscles and lose the characteristically spindly look , traditionally considered ideal . And it has been harder still to break the ingrained code of silence that exists among dancers -- where fierce competition ensures they often conceal injury or weakness for fear of missing out on the best roles . "  At first , they thought we were the enemy ! " says Rump with a chuckle . "  This part where we said : ` Let 's have regular tests , where we can clearly see : okay , is there something wrong ? Is there weakness ? Is there an imbalance between left and right , for example ? ' "  That scared them a lot ... , " he says , adding that many feared he would feed information back to directors about dancers ' hidden frailties . "  You ask them about nutrition -- and in ballet there are problems with eating disorders -- and people get very scared and say ' I do n't want to tell you about that . ' "  They are not used to that process , because for years it has been -LSB- kept -RSB- very , very quiet . " Results When Rump was recruited to work with Alina Cojocaru , he set about providing a speedy response to critics ' fears . Knowing nothing about the dancer , he searched YouTube for videos : "  Just on what I saw on the video , I asked her a few questions and asked her ` Could it be that there 's an underlying problem here and there , " he says , pointing to two spots . "  Nobody I ever told that , -LSB- nobody -RSB- knew ! " she said . "  I 've had that for quite a while and I tried to cover it . " Guided by Rump , Cojocaru recovered from surgery and addressed the underlying issues -- defying doctors ' predictions and returning to the stage within six months . Of her comeback performance , the New York Times wrote : "  Ms. Cojocaru 's "  Giselle " was one of the great dance renditions of our time ... " By this point , many of the big companies were won over -- with the Forsythe Company , Royal Ballet , English National Ballet , and others leading the way . Rump now plans to spread his approach from ballet companies , to dance schools and beyond by compiling GJUUM -- a diverse team of sports scientists who will offer his all-round approach . As Cojocaru testifies , it will be a move welcomed by dancers : "  To be on stage and not feel pain ... it 's a wonderful , wonderful miracle , " she says . "  The enjoyment of dancers is going to be so much higher -- and the competition for me will be so much bigger ! "	Ballet dancers fight through pain to perfect their art , and are often seriously injured Patrick Rump is taking revolutionary training techniques from sport to the ballet stage Rump works with dancers at the Royal Ballet , the Forsythe Company , and others But can he break ballet 's notorious "  code of silence " ?
Tokyo  CNN  -- Hundreds of police are involved in the hunt for a 63-year-old man in connection with the murder of five people in a remote Japanese hamlet . The victims ' houses were also burned down . A note , apparently written in the form of a "  haiku " poem -- a typically short form of Japanese verse -- was left hanging in the window of the fugitive man 's home next door to one of the burned out homes . Three bodies were found on Sunday after two houses in Mitake , a tiny community in western Japan 's Yamaguchi prefecture , were gutted by a "  suspicious " fire , Yamaguchi police spokesman Katsumi Harada told CNN . The following morning , two more corpses were found a few hundred meters away in the same neighborhood in the victims ' respective homes . An autopsy revealed that all five victims were killed by injuries to the head , prompting police to set up a task force to investigate a possible serial killer , Harada said . Despite feverish media speculation , Harada refused to draw a link between the poem and the killings , though he said the man , who 's been missing since Sunday , could provide valuable information about what happened . According to the authorities , the poem translated as : "  Setting on fire , smoke gives delight , to country fellows . " Mitake is a remote , mountainous hamlet with only 16 inhabitants . According to local media , the man police are hunting lived alone and moved into the neighborhood about 20 years ago to take care of his elderly parents . Reports suggested the man grew increasingly alienated in the small community after his parents died about 7-8 years ago . One of the victims frequently quarreled with him over his dog , according to Yomiuri Shimbun , Japan 's largest newspaper .	Five bodies discovered in remote village in Western Japan ; their house burned down A note , in the form of a poem , was found in the home of man police are hunting Hundreds of police searching for 63-year-old man who lived next to victims
CNN  -- A young man huddles under a thick gray blanket , pressed against a steam grate as he braces himself against the biting cold . While on assignment over the weekend , an Associated Press photographer took his photo to show the effects of unusually cold weather sweeping across the country . The man , who only gave his first name -- Nick -- was a face in a crowd of homeless people huddling to stay warm on a Washington street , just blocks from the U.S. Capitol . But all that changed when the photograph appeared in USA Today Sunday . Hundreds of miles away in an upstate New York town , the man was much more than a face in a crowd . Nicholas Simmons was missing . And a mother who saw the photo in the newspaper realized she 'd found her son . A disappearance on New Year 's Day In Rochester , New York , the man 's face appeared in local news reports last week as police and frantic family members searched for him . Police in the town of Greece , New York , said Simmons , 20 , disappeared New Year 's Day from his home , driving away in a red Buick with only with what he was wearing : plaid pajama pants , a gray T-shirt and sneakers . He left his wallet and cell phone behind . Family members and authorities had been looking for him for days without any luck . There were few leads without a phone or credit cards to track him . "  We could n't do a lot of things we normally would do in a missing person 's case , " said Capt. Patrick Phelan of the Greece Police Department . But the photo became the answer to the Simmons family 's prayers . The family learned about the photo through a public Facebook page they 'd set up , according to an article published in the Rochester Democrat & Chronicle . Simmons ' sister , Hannah Simmons , sent a message on Twitter to USA Today reporter Natalie DiBlasio , who wrote the story . "  Please contact me , " the tweet read . "  You wrote an article for USA today that features a picture of my missing brother . " Family members also reached out to AP photographer Jacquelyn Martin , who captured the image . Communication between Simmons ' family , DiBlasio , Martin , and the Greece Police Department helped the Washington Metropolitan Police track down Simmons . Now he 's reunited with his family , police said . Washington Metro Police Officer Araz Alali said he 's considered a "  missing person returned . " On the Facebook page , his mother Michelle Simmons said she was stunned . "  We are going to get him home safe , and this is by far the greatest example of God 's love and divine intervention I have ever experienced , " she wrote , according to the Democrat & Chronicle . "  I am beyond able to put into words how I am feeling . " Questions remain It 's unclear why Simmons left home and what brought him to the streets of Washington . According to police , Simmons is fine physically but distraught . He was taken to George Washington University Hospital for evaluation , Phelan said . The hospital declined to comment , citing privacy restrictions . Phelan said police were told there was a "  discussion " between Simmons and his parents that may have made him leave home . "  There was no indication or precursors to believe he would do something like this , " Phelan said . The police official described Simmons as a normal 20-year-old living at home with his parents and working part-time jobs at local fast food chains . Just a day after her brother was found , Hannah Simmons sent Martin a message of appreciation on Twitter Monday . "  You have saved our family , " she wrote . "  Thank you so much . " Photographers take portraits for people who would n't have them otherwise CNN 's Allison Malloy contributed to this report .	Police say Nicholas Simmons went missing after leaving his New York home An Associated Press photo showed him on the streets of Washington His family reached out to newspaper reporter , photographer to find him
WIRED  -- The Obama administration said over the weekend that it would not support legislation mandating changes to Internet infrastructure to fight online copyright and trademark infringement . "  Proposed laws must not tamper with the technical architecture of the Internet through manipulation of the Domain Name System  DNS  , a foundation of Internet security , " the administration said in a statement on Saturday . "  Our analysis of the DNS filtering provisions in some proposed legislation suggests that they pose a real risk to cybersecurity and yet leave contraband goods and services accessible online . We must avoid legislation that drives users to dangerous , unreliable DNS servers and puts next-generation security policies , such as the deployment of DNSSEC , at risk . " The announcement follows a whirlwind week in which leaders in the House and Senate , apparently buckling to widespread pressure , announced they would at least temporarily remove DNS-redirecting requirements in the Protect IP Act in the Senate and the Stop Online Piracy Act in the House . The White House move likely signals that Senate Judiciary Chairman Patrick Leahy  D-Vermont  and House Judiciary Chairman Rep. Lamar Smith  R-Texas  would not likely re-introduce the Domain Name System redirecting provisions in their bills . The DNS-redirecting provisions in both bills were designed to prevent American citizens from visiting sites the attorney general maintains are dedicated to infringing activities . The Obama administration 's announcement appears to have conceded to opposition from security experts who say the plan would sabotage U.S. government-approved efforts to secure DNS against hackers and break the Internet 's unified naming system by introducing lies into infrastructure . The government is agreeing with experts who maintain that the SOPA and PIPA and the Senate 's Protect IP Act would break the Internet 's universal character and hamper U.S. government-supported efforts to roll out DNSSEC , which is intended to prevent hackers from hijacking the net through fake DNS entries . However , both bills essentially grant the government the authority to bring lawsuits against so-called rogue websites and obtain court orders requiring search engines like Google to stop displaying links to them . They would allow rights holders to seek court orders instructing online ad services and credit card companies from partnering with the infringing sites . The administration 's announcement was unclear on whether it would support those provisions . The White House announcement was penned by Victoria Espinel , the White House copyright czar ; Aneesh Chopra U.S. chief technology officer ; and Howard Schmidt , special assistant to the president for cybersecurity . David Hirschmann , a U.S. Chamber of Commerce president , urged lawmakers to move forward on the bills without the DNS provisions , saying it was "  much needed legislation . " Sherwin Siy , deputy legal director of digital rights group , Public Knowledge , said the White House statement underscored that the Obama administration has concluded that the legislation "  poses real risks to the security and stability of the internet . " Rep. Darrell Issa  R-California  was scheduled to conduct a hearing Wednesday on the cybersecurity issue before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform . Issa , the committee 's chairman , has called prominent internet security experts and others to testify about the security ramifications of DNS redirecting . But in response to the White House announcement , that hearing has been tentatively postponed . Among those summoned by Issa was Stewart Baker , a former Bush administration Department of Homeland Security policy director , who has said tinkering with the Domain Name System "  would do great damage to Internet security . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Obama administration says it does not support two anti-piracy bills White House : "  Proposed laws must not tamper with the technical architecture of the Internet "
Entertainment Weekly  -- After all the anticipation and hubbub , the weekend is coming to an end and the box office results are here : "  Watchmen "  No. 1  grossed $ 55.7 million during its first frame , according to early estimates from Media by Numbers . "  Watchmen " led the weekend box office , grossing $ 55.7 million during its first weekend . That 's a solid sum , to be sure , although it 's certainly on the low end of most projections . "  Watchmen " premiered in more theaters  3,611  than any other R-rated movie in history , and it averaged an impressive $ 15,413 per venue , despite a potentially problematic long running time . It also scored the biggest debut of 2009 so far . Nonetheless , the movie 's $ 55.7 million take  including $ 5.5 million from 124 IMAX screens  is substantially smaller than the $ 70.9 million that 300 , the last R-rated graphic-novel movie from director Zack Snyder , earned on its opening weekend two years ago . And aside from that theater-count statistic  which almost any film could break at any time , really  , there will be no major records to report on this weekend  for example , "  Watchmen 's " debut was just the fifth-best opening ever for an R-rated movie  . I 'd argue , in fact , that this opening is a bit soft , considering the great expectations that came with Snyder 's adaptation of Alan Moore 's landmark comic book -- not to mention "  Watchmen 's " hefty grosses from screenings at midnight on Friday and throughout its first day . After attracting some major initial interest , banking $ 25.1 million on Friday , the film 's audience dropped off dramatically during the weekend : It grossed $ 19 million on Saturday and is expected to bring in just $ 11.5 million on Sunday . These are all big numbers , do n't get me wrong , but , when combined with the fact that the film got a lukewarm CinemaScore grade of B from an audience that was largely comprised of older men , it all points to a rapid downward trend that may be difficult to reverse in the weeks to come . Elsewhere -- yes , there were other movies playing at the multiplex this weekend ! -- a number of films continued to do what "  Watchmen " must now aspire to , perhaps in vain : They stayed strong deep into their long runs . Tyler Perry 's "  Madea Goes to Jail "  No. 2  grossed $ 8.8 million on its third weekend ; the film , Perry 's biggest yet at the box office , has banked $ 76.5 million to date . "  Taken "  No. 3  also moved along like the unstoppable force it has been for more than a month now , earning $ 7.5 million and bringing its six-week sum to $ 118 million . Best Picture winner "  Slumdog Millionaire "  No. 4  was next with $ 6.9 million , which boosted its domestic haul to $ 125.4 million . And "  Paul Blart : Mall Cop "  No. 5  took its eight-week total to $ 133.6 million thanks to another $ 4.2 million gross . iReport.com : What did you think of ` Watchmen ' ? Meanwhile , "  Jonas Brothers : The 3D Concert Experience "  No. 9  completely fell off the map , dropping a staggering 78 percent to gross just $ 2.8 million . According to Box Office Mojo , that 's the 15th biggest second-weekend decline of all time . Overall , the cumulative box office was up nearly 8 percent over the same frame a year ago , when 10,000 B.C. opened big , making this the fifth consecutive "  up " weekend at the multiplex . So , all in all , I 'd say today 's was a good report , indeed . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Watchmen " premiered in more theaters than any other R-rated movie in history Tyler Perry 's "  Madea Goes to Jail "  No. 2  grossed another $ 8.8 million Best Picture winner "  Slumdog Millionaire " took the No. 4 slot with $ 6.9 million
CNN  -- Country superstar Alan Jackson is famous alright , but that did n't help his 20-year-old daughter , Alexandra , when she was arrested on Wednesday . According to Metro Nashville Police , Alexandra was charged with assault , underage consumption of alcohol , and resisting arrest during a traffic stop . The 20-year-old was riding shotgun in a Range Rover that a police officer observed was speeding , and when the officer pulled the car over , it was discovered that Alexandra "  had consumed a large amount of alcohol . " Police say Alexandra became "  visibly irate " while the officer spoke with the driver of the vehicle , and began making demands as she got out of the car . The officer requested that she return to the vehicle , but according to police that only angered Alexandra more . After being threatened with the possibility of being arrested if she did n't get back inside the car , Alexandra struck the officer in his chest . When police tried to arrest her and take her into custody , she put up enough of a fight to require the officer to call for backup . Alexandra eventually complied with the arrest , but police say that while she was being booked she "  made several statements to the arresting officer " that her dad Alan Jackson "  would do anything " she wanted him to do . Police then warned Alexandra about making or attempting to bribe an officer . She 's next due in court on September 23 . As of now , Alan Jackson 's reps have no comment . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Alan Jackson 's daughter was arrested during a traffic stop in Nashville Wednesday She was charged with assault , underage consumption of alcohol and resisting arrest The 20-year-old is next due in court on September 23 Alan Jackson 's team has no comment
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A nude photograph of pop singer Madonna was sold for $ 37,500 Thursday afternoon at a Christie 's Art House auction . Christie 's auctioned this nude photo of Madonna  partially shown  taken by Lee Friedlander for $ 37,500 . The photo , originally expected to go for between $ 10,000 and $ 15,000 , was purchased for more than double its original estimated selling price , a Christie 's spokesperson confirmed . The 13-inch by 8 5/8 - inch framed photograph was purchased by an anonymous bidder over the phone . The full frontal photograph was one of several taken by American photographer Lee Friedlander in 1979 . Madonna , then a cash-strapped student , received $ 25 for the entire photo shoot . Most of the pictures from the shoot were ultimately featured in Playboy magazine in 1985 .	Nude photograph of Madonna taken when she was student in 1979 Lee Friedlander pic sold by Christie 's for $ 37,500 Anonymous bidder made purchase over the phone
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Fresh pro-British protests erupted Saturday in the Northern Ireland city of Belfast , police said , hours after nine officers were hurt in rioting . Tensions have been high since city council members there voted a month ago to stop flying the Union flag year-round , restricting it instead to certain days . Officers came under sustained attack in east Belfast from more than 100 people , some throwing fireworks and bricks , the Police Service of Northern Ireland said Saturday . The violence continued into the night . Police said they deployed water cannon and fired plastic bullets and that a number of arrests were made . Authorities were also investigating reports that a number of shots were fired at police lines . Friday night , more than 30 petrol bombs were thrown at officers during serious disorder in the same part of the city . Officers were also pelted with ball bearings , fireworks and masonry , police said . Eight officers were hurt . Another officer was hurt Friday in the Newtownabbey area , police said , where bottles and bricks were thrown at police in the course of a protest lasting several hours . Police have arrested more than 20 people in connection with the disorder . A lunchtime demonstration outside City Hall appeared to pass without trouble . Northern Ireland 's political leaders have called for an end to the pro-British protests , which were prompted by the vote on the Union flag of the United Kingdom . The disorder follows a summer of heightened tensions between Northern Ireland 's Catholic and Protestant communities . Riots in September left dozens of police officers hurt . The recent violence follows more than a decade during which Northern Ireland has made steady progress toward lasting peace and stability . More : Policewoman targeted as tensions rise More : Police -- Loyalist paramilitaries behind violence	Further violent pro-British protests break out in Belfast , police say Nine police officers were injured Friday Protesters pelted officers with petrol bombs , fireworks and bricks , police say Protests have rocked parts of Northern Ireland since a vote on the Union flag
At least 40 fighters on both sides were killed as Syrian Kurdish fighters and ISIS militants clashed in the northern Syrian city of Kobani , a monitoring group said Saturday . Kurdish fighters belonging to the People 's Protection Units , known as YPG , have been locked in a death struggle with ISIS fighters for the border city , in the shadow of Turkey , with 100,000 desperate Syrian Kurds fleeing to Turkish territory . Five ISIS suicide bombers blew themselves up using cars and explosive belts near the besieged Kurdish city , according to the London-based opposition group , Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Clashes also erupted west of Kobani , with ISIS using tanks to advance and firing at least 110 shells on various areas of the city , the monitoring group said Saturday . At least 10 YPG fighters and 25 ISIS militants were killed during the clashes , according to the SOHR . YPG fighters also carried out several operations in the neighborhood of Botan Sharqi on the southern outskirts of Mashtah Nour hill near Kobani , the monitoring group reported . The U.S.-led coalition , meanwhile , conducted five airstrikes in Kobani , including one against an ISIS tank west of the city , the SOHR said . The coalition started operations in September . ISIS , the Sunni Muslim extremist militant group , has been fighting to take Kobani for more than two months , hoping to add it to the territory it has already captured in parts of Syria and Iraq for what it calls its new independent Islamic nation . Syria has been embroiled in a three-year civil war , with government troops battling ISIS and other rebels elsewhere , leaving Kobani 's ethnic Kurds to defend the city . Airstrikes by the U.S. and its allies , part of a larger U.S.-led coalition effort against ISIS in the region , intermittently take out ISIS targets in the area . The Syrian Kurdish fighters , part of the People 's Protection Units , , have ties to the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , which has fought a 30-year guerrilla war against the government of Turkey , where about 20 % of the population is Kurdish . Turkey , the European Union and the United States consider the PKK a terrorist organization .	At least 10 Syrian Kurdish fighters and 25 ISIS militants reported killed in clashes in Kobani Five ISIS suicide bombers blow themselves up near northern Syrian city West of Kobani , ISIS militants advance with tanks and shelling
CNN  -- Funk fans started each Chuck Brown concert with a chant , "  Wind me up , Chuck . " From there they would be treated to guitar riffs , driving percussion and other rhythm instruments that left them dancing to the beat . Brown , who died Wednesday at 75 , was the "  Godfather of Go-Go , " a genre blending funk , jazz and soul and other musical forms . "  Go-Go , " 40 years after its founding , remains especially popular in its hometown of Washington , D.C. "  The groove and vibe he created was unparalleled , " said manager Tom Goldfogle . "  All of his performances were a journey with the audience . " Brown engaged in a call-and-response dialogue with fans , ensuring their interaction with each set . He last performed in early March and had been hospitalized for about four weeks . Brown died of multiple-organ failure from sepsis at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore , Goldfogle said . With the Soul Searchers , Brown had a big hit in the 1970s with "  Bustin ' Loose . " The guitarist and singer was a familiar figure on stage with his brim hat and sunglasses , creating "  the beat " for dancers . "  Go-Go " referred to a sound continuing from one song to the next . "  Chuck would describe it as nonstop percussive bass music with its roots in Latin , African and funk , " said Goldfogle . "  He added his blues and jazz elements . " While Brown performed worldwide , his most loyal fan base was in Washington . District of Columbia Mayor Vincent Gray , in a tweet , paid tribute to the gravel-voiced Brown . "  What a loss , " his message concluded . Fans gathered Wednesday evening at the recently restored Howard Theatre in Washington to celebrate Brown 's life . A local radio station played music while people danced in the street . Brown competed with disco and later had an influence on local hip-hop artists , Goldfogle told CNN . "  They would do hip-hop songs with a ` Go-Go ' feel , " he said . In 2010 , Brown received his first Grammy nomination , in collaboration with Jill Scott and Marcus Miller , for "  Love . " A 2007 album , "  We 're About the Business , " included the singles "  Block Party " and Chuck Baby . " Brown , according to his manager , played to several generations . "  His music is loved as much by the grandmother , as the mother , or the daughter , " Goldfogle said . According to CNN affiliate WJLA , Brown had recently postponed numerous shows due to failing health . Funeral arrangements were pending . "  His family continues to be grateful for the outpouring of love and support and requests respect for their privacy during this difficult time , " Goldfogle said in a statement . Survivors include Brown 's wife , Jocelyn , sons Nekos , Wiley and Bill , and daughter Takesa . CNN 's Jane Caffrey and Skip Nocciolo contributed to this report .	Manager speaks about Brown 's influence Performer Chuck Brown dies at 75 He was especially popular in Washington , D.C. "  Go-Go " is a form of funk and soul
CNN  -- A British man was jailed Tuesday for raping two of his daughters and fathering nine children over 27 years , a case with echoes of Austria 's Josef Fritzl . The two daughters were made pregnant 19 times ; there were nine births , five miscarriages and five terminations . Seven of the children are alive but suffer genetic deformities . The father , who can not be named for legal reasons banning the identification of his victims and the surviving children , pleaded guilty Tuesday at Sheffield Crown Court , northern England , and was sentenced to serve 25 life sentences to run concurrently . The judge said the minimum term the 56-year-old rapist should serve in jail should be 19 1/2 years . South Yorkshire Police Chief Superintendent Simon Torr said , "  The victims of these terrible crimes have asked me to state the following : ` His detention in prison brings us only the knowledge that he can not physically touch us again . The suffering he has caused will continue for many years , and we must now concentrate our thoughts on finding the strength to rebuild our lives . ' " Speaking for the police , Torr added , "  The main concern ... is for those who have been so badly affected : the victims who have suffered a terrible ordeal . We will continue to offer them our full support to try and help them get on with their lives . "  As far as the sentence goes , we are satisfied that this offender has received the strongest possible punishment for his heinous crimes . Now we need to ensure continuing support for those who have suffered as a result of his actions . " The daughters first told police about their ordeal in June , but the abuse dated to 1981 . It emerged that in 1998 one daughter rang Childline , a charity to help abused kids , and asked for assurances about being able to keep her children if she came forward . When Childline could not make that guarantee , the daughter did nothing more to raise her plight . Watch how the case came to light " The UK 's Press Association reported that the rapes began in 1981 with daily attacks and that for long periods , they would be raped up to three times a week , and the assaults would continue through pregnancies . Their only reprieve came after they had just given birth or when they were ill because of the abuse . If either daughter tried to refuse their father 's attacks , they would be punched , kicked and or held to the flames of a gas fire , burning their eyes and arms , PA reported . Despite visiting hospitals and meeting with social workers over the 27 years of abuse , no investigation was launched into the family . The case comes in the wake of the death of a baby , known only as Baby P , which has dominated headlines in Britain . The baby endured horrendous torture and died despite being on the local authority 's child protection register . In Austria this year , Josef Fritzl was arrested , accused of keeping his daughter in a basement dungeon and fathering seven children through the rapes .	Dad in UK sentenced to life in jail for subjecting daughters to rapes over 27 years Rapes resulted in 19 pregnancies , nine births , seven children Surviving children suffer genetic disorders Judge questions why social workers , professionals did not find out about case
CNN  -- Japan on Tuesday unveiled its largest warship since World War II , an 820-foot-long , 19,500-ton flattop capable of carrying 14 helicopters , according to media reports . The ship , named the Izumo , is classified as a helicopter destroyer , though its flattop design makes it look like an aircraft carrier . But the Japanese Defense Ministry says the ship is not intended to be used as an aircraft carrier and will not be used to launch fighter jets , state broadcaster NHK reported . The launch of the $ 1.2 billion warship at a Yokohama dockyard comes at a time of increased military tensions between Japan and China over disputed islands in the East China Sea . "  The destroyer is aimed at better responding to various contingencies in waters near Japan , " NHK reported . China on Tuesday warned Japan against any moves of military expansion , according to a report from Global Times . "  We are concerned over Japan 's constant expansion of its military equipment . Japan 's Asian neighbors and the international community need to be highly vigilant about this trend , " the Global Times quoted the Chinese Defense Ministry as saying . "  Japan should learn from history , adhere to its policy of self-defense and abide by its promise to take the road of peaceful development . " Both China and Japan claim sovereignty over the rocky , uninhabited islands between Okinawa and Taiwan , which are near important shipping lanes , rich fishing grounds and possible mineral deposits . They are known as Senkaku in Japanese and Diaoyu in Chinese . Last year , the Japanese government bought several of the islands from a private owner , angering Chinese authorities and provoking a spate of sometimes violent anti-Japanese demonstrations in many Chinese cities . Chinese government ships have continued to frequently sail near the islands , engaging in maritime games of cat and mouse with Japanese coast guard vessels . Chinese planes have also flown through the area , prompting Japan to scramble fighter jets . Tuesday 's launch also came on the 68th anniversary of the atomic bomb attack on Hiroshima . Upwards of 60,000 people -- according to various estimates , about one-fifth of Hiroshima 's population at the time -- were killed when a U.S. B-29 bomber dropped the bomb on August 6 , 1945 , In remembrance ceremonies in Hiroshima on Tuesday , a list of 286,000 atomic bomb victims was presented , NHK reported . In a speech , Prime Minister Shinzo Abe called on the Japanese people to always remind the world about the consequences of nuclear war , NHK reported .	820-foot-long flattop designed to carry 14 helicopters Launch comes at a time of increased tensions with China China warns Japan against military expansion Launch comes on 68th anniversary of Hiroshima bombing
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Tiger Woods has canceled plans to attend his own golf tournament in southern California because of injuries he suffered near his Florida home early Friday , the pro golfer said in a statement Monday . "  I am extremely disappointed that I will not be at my tournament this week , " Woods said of the Chevron World Challenge in Thousand Oaks , California . "  I am certain it will be an outstanding event and I 'm very sorry that I ca n't be there . " He also canceled a Tuesday news conference for the start of the tournament , which helps raise money for Tiger Woods Foundation programs . Woods suffered minor injuries in a vehicle accident early Friday in his luxury neighborhood near Orlando , Florida , according to a police accident report . State police in Florida said Monday an investigation of the single-vehicle crash "  is ongoing and charges are pending . " The incident has ended Woods ' golf appearances until next season , according to a statement posted on his Web site . "  Woods will not participate in any other tournaments in 2009 and will return to action next year , " the statement said . The PGA Tour has ended for the year , but the first tournament of the 2010 season is just five weeks away . At least one other charity event is scheduled , but it is not clear if Woods had planned to attend . The Chevron World Challenge will go on despite the absence of its host , said Greg McLaughlin , president of Woods ' foundation . "  We support Tiger 's decision and are confident the strong field and excellent course will provide an exciting week of competition at the Chevron World Challenge , " McLaughlin said . In a statement issued Sunday afternoon on his Web site , Woods offered no details of his wreck except to say he had cuts and bruises and was "  pretty sore . " "  This situation is my fault , and it 's obviously embarrassing to my family and me , " he said . "  I 'm human and I 'm not perfect . I will certainly make sure this does n't happen again . " According to a police report , Woods pulled out of his driveway about 2:25 a.m. Friday in a 2009 Cadillac SUV and struck a fire hydrant , then a tree . Authorities have said they do n't have details on why Woods was driving away from his home at such an early hour , but a police report said the wreck was not alcohol-related . State troopers have unsuccessfully asked three times to question him about the wreck , police said . Woods canceled the third scheduled interview on Sunday , Florida Highway Patrol spokeswoman Sgt. Kim Montes told CNN . "  We have been informed by the Florida Highway Patrol that further discussion with them is both voluntary and optional , " said Woods ' agent Mark Steinberg , in a written statement . "  Although Tiger realizes that there is a great deal of public curiosity , it has been conveyed to FHP that he simply has nothing more to add and wishes to protect the privacy of his family . " Under Florida law , Woods must show his license , registration and proof of insurance to police , but is not obligated to give a statement on the crash . His attorney Mark NeJame handed over the required documents to the troopers Sunday at Woods ' home , Montes said . Opinion : Tiger Woods is only human NeJame told CNN he stood by Woods ' statement and had no further comment . "  If we 're unable to meet with him , we 'll move on with our investigation , " Montes said . But she called the delays "  very unusual , because it 's such a minor accident . " Profile : Tiger Woods Last week , a story in the National Enquirer alleged that Woods has been seeing a New York nightclub hostess . The Associated Press contacted the woman and reported she denied having an affair with Woods . The 33-year-old golf phenomenon has won the Masters tournament and the PGA tournament each four times , as well as three U.S. Open Championships . Investigators had sought possible surveillance tapes of the wreck from neighbors , but none were found , she said . Toobin : Why Tiger Woods may not be talking In his Sunday statement , Woods praised his wife Elin Nordegren , saying she "  acted courageously when she saw I was hurt and in trouble . " Nordegren told police she used a golf club to break out the rear window of the vehicle , then pulled Woods from the SUV after she heard the accident from inside their home . "  This is a private matter , and I want to keep it that way . " "  The only person responsible for the accident is me , " he said . Woods and his wife have two children , a 2-year-old and a baby born in February . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	NEW : Tournament will go on without Woods , president of golfer 's foundation says Woods had minor injuries in the one-car crash near his home early Friday Police will continue investigating after Woods delays giving statement for third time Woods on Web site : "  The only person responsible for the accident is me "
CNN  -- Mayors Julian Castro of San Antonio , Michael Hancock of Denver , Kevin Johnson of Sacramento , California , and Angel Taveras of Providence , Rhode Island , each attended public schools in the cities they now lead . This month , they launched a tour to meet educators , families and innovators in each of their cities , with the hope of understanding their shared problems -- and potential for solutions . "  Education is more than a quality of life issue . Education impacts everything that we do in the city . It really is a fundamental right and it 's a path out of poverty , " Taveras said . "  We 're working to see what 's going on in each other 's city and to share solutions and help adapt them to our own city . " They hope to take home lessons learned in each city in order to address gaps between wealthier areas with great schools and poorer neighborhoods where schools struggle . The tour will continue through March . "  We have an achievement gap between children of color and white kids that quite frankly , if we do n't address and begin to address effectively with some sense of urgency , will threaten the real vitality and freedoms of this country , " Hancock said . Here are lessons the four mayors learned by working with their cities ' schools -- and through their own experiences as students . Not all A 's are created equal Before he was mayor of Sacramento , Kevin Johnson had gotten a basketball scholarship to Berkeley and thought he was a good student , he said . But during his freshman year at University of California Berkeley , Johnson realized that getting A 's and B 's in high school did n't mean he was prepared for college . "  I was in an English class with 30 kids and they were all talking about a word -- the word was ` euphemism ' -- and 29 of those kids knew what the word meant , " Johnson said . "  I was the only kid who did not know the word ` euphemism ' and I remember thinking , ` Am I in the wrong class ? ' " Johnson realized then that an A in one school might not equal to an A in another , and even students with good grades can be in for a rude awakening when they go to college .  After graduating from Berkeley , Johnson went on to play twelve seasons with the Cleveland Cavaliers and the Phoenix Suns . "  Far too often a child 's educational outcomes are determined by her or his ZIP code , and that 's the case in Sacramento , too , and this has led to an unacceptable achievement gap , " Johnson said , describing how slow they 've been to close the gap between white and black students ' scores . "  It 's horrifying . " Denver Mayor Michael Hancock described a similar experience . "  I got into college , as well as many of my peers , and we realized we were not where we needed to be , we were behind some of our peers , " he said . "  So we had to do special classes and programming to get caught up and really put in the extra effort . " He struggled with writing and math early in college , he said , which makes him consider what hard-to-spot problems might exist in Denver 's schools . "  That 's where we begin to see some of the cracks and some of the gaps that may not be as apparent in the primary system , " said Hancock , who is an advocate of school choice . "  Families should be able to pursue the best possible educational opportunity that is available to them , no matter where that opportunity exists in the city , " Teachers can change lives San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro was just a few years into his school career when he began to understand the power of a good teacher . "  In the first or second grade , I had a teacher who gave me extra homework to do and she explained that she had confidence that I could do the extra work and that made me feel great about myself , " Castro said . "  I got to excel in school and that was the beginning of my feeling good about achieving academically . " Providence Mayor Angel Taveras said he became a lawyer because his third-grade teacher , Mrs. Dorothy Donaldson , told him he could . "  She was someone who asked me what I wanted to be when I grow up and I told her that I wanted to be a lawyer . She asked me ` Why ? ' and I told her that I wanted to help people . She made me repeat it to anyone and everyone who would listen , " Taveras said . The same teacher suggested Taveras test for a gifted program , which allowed him to take more intense math classes , and eventually led him to a more challenging school . It 's never too early to start learning Taveras , himself a graduate of the early childhood education program Head Start , said he has worked to improve early childhood literacy in his city by introducing programs such as Providence Talks . The program aims to close the "  word gap . " Research shows low-income children hear millions fewer words in the early years of their lives than their peers in middle - or upper-income homes . The program provides low-income children with recording devices that count the words they 're exposed to each , and coaching parents and caregivers on how to improve their children 's vocabularies . The devices work in several languages , including English and Spanish , and is expected to launch in 2014 . Providence Talks was the winner of the $ 5 million Bloomberg Philanthropy Mayors Challenge , a contest created by New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg to draw out ideas from city leaders . Castro described how San Antonio residents had recently voted to fund full-day pre-kindergarten for more than 22,000 of the city 's 4-year-olds over the next eight years . Castro said he hopes it will prevent students from falling behind , experiencing the frustration of falling behind and perhaps dropping out . Children 's educations can begin even before they 're enrolled in school , he said . "  One of the biggest challenges is ensuring that students are prepared when they start school , " Castro said . "  We have so many young people who are not read to and they 're not prepared when they start pre-k . "	Four American mayors are touring each other 's city to learn more education solutions Mayors from California , Texas , Colorado and Rhode Island are on the tour The mayors shared stories from their own school experiences Providence mayor : Education "  is a fundamental right and it 's a path out of poverty "
CNN  -- The government of Alberta , Canada , will provide $ 1 billion in funding for recovery and reconstruction after the province 's devastating floods , Premier Alison Redford said Monday . "  We are going to do -- please listen to my words -- whatever it takes to get everyone back to a place where they can continue to live their lives , " Redford said . More than 100,000 Albertans have been affected by the floods , which began last week after heavy mountain rains swelled rivers flowing to the east . Tens of thousands of people were evacuated in Calgary , Medicine Hat and elsewhere , along with the entire town of High River , where three people died in the floods . Another Canadian city braces for flooding , evacuates 10,000 "  Yesterday , I saw families in Calgary emptying their entire basements out ; wet furniture was strewn across front lawns , " Redford said in a statement . "  And at the evacuation site in Nanton , I met families who feel they 've lost everything and do n't know when they 'll get home to High River . " The $ 1 billion will be used to help rebuilding efforts and support displaced families . They will receive pre-loaded debit cards of $ 1,250 per adult and $ 500 per child to help with housing needs and day-to-day purchases , Redford said . Waters have been receding in some parts of the province while others are now dealing with flooding . Some 65,000 residents in Calgary got the all-clear to return home . Downtown Calgary , where the Bow and Elbow Rivers converge , was especially hard-hit , but power was restored to a large portion of it , and the city expected to reopen nearly all of downtown by Tuesday , Mayor Naheed Nenshi said . In Alberta , misery rises along with floodwaters In High River , about 40 miles south of Calgary , the flooding has now stopped , but some water is simply not receding , said Constable Janice Schoepp of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police . That makes it difficult to assess the extent of the damage in High River , though it 's safe to say the town is in a "  critical situation " with extensive damage , said Katrina Bluetchen , a spokeswoman for the Alberta government . The South Saskatchewan River flowing through Medicine Hat , in southeastern Alberta , crested Monday but was still overflowing its banks , Schoepp said . Medicine Hat was able to stave off some damage because it saw the extent of flooding to the west days before it reached the city and was able to prepare , she said . "  I think it made a big difference , " Schoepp said . The city said Monday it is starting to return residents to their homes . New flooding was occurring Monday in Drumheller , known as the dinosaur capital of the world for the dinosaur bones and fossils found there , and at the Siksika Indian reserve , east of Calgary , Schoepp said .	NEW : Power is restored to much of downtown Calgary NEW : Water is not receding in some parts of hard-hit High River NEW : Some Medicine Hat residents are starting to return home The $ 1 billion will be used to help rebuild and support displaced families
Two weeks after leading Chelsea to glory in the Europa League , Rafael Benitez has been unveiled as the new coach of Italian team Napoli . Benitez guided Chelsea to a 2-1 victory over Benfica in Amsterdam earlier this month having been appointed as the team 's interim manager following the sacking of Roberto Di Matteo in November . The former Liverpool and Valencia boss moves to Naples on a two-year deal as a replacement for Walter Mazzarri , who has taken over at Inter Milan following the sacking of Andrea Stramaccioni . Mazzarri 's Napoli finished the 2012-13 campaign second in Italy 's top division , securing the team a place in next season 's European Champions League . It was the club 's best finish in the league since winning Serie A in 1990 . "  Now that the agreement is confirmed , I can say I am very happy and very satisfied for having committed to a great club with an illustrious heritage like Napoli , " the 53-year-old Benitez told his official website . "  I understand the history of the city and how the club forms a fundamental part of the culture and traditions of Naples . "  I must confess that I am extremely excited because I can share my passion for football with the fans of Napoli ; it is proven that they are very , very special . " Napoli president Aurelio de Laurentiis tweeted a picture of himself shaking Benitez 's hand , and wrote : "  Rafa Benítez is the new coach of Napoli . A great man with international experience . A leader . " Benitez endured a difficult time at Stamford Bridge . Chelsea fans refused to accept him as a result of a rivalry he had had with the club while manager of Liverpool between 2004 and 2010 despite the club qualifying for the Champions League and winning the Europa League . The Spanish coach 's first job at Napoli will be attempting to keep hold of star striker Edinson Cavani who is reportedly a target for Benitez 's former employers Chelsea and Manchester City . Chelsea 's Europa League triumph was the latest in a long list of major honors won by Benitez . The Madrid native won the same tournament -- then known as the UEFA Cup -- with Valencia in 2004 , as well as two Spanish league titles . He then moved to Liverpool where he won the FA Cup in 2006 , but the crowning moment of his career to date arrived a year earlier when he led the Anfield club to Champions League glory . Losing 3-0 to AC Milan at half time in the 2005 final , Liverpool scored three second-half goals before going on to seal a dramatic penalty shootout victory in Istanbul . Liverpool also reached the 2007 Champions League final . Benitez parted company with Liverpool in June 2010 before taking over at Inter just one week later . His spell at Inter Milan was mixed . Benitez won the FIFA World Club Cup with Inter before being sacked in December 2010 . Fitness coach Francisco de Miguel Moreno and goalkeeping coach Vicente Javier Valero Berchili , who were both part of Benitez 's backroom team at Liverpool , Inter Milan and Chelsea will join the Spaniard at Napoli .	Rafael Benitez appointed as new coach of Italian team Napoli Benitez takes over from previous coach Walter Mazzarri Spain 's Benitez was manager of Chelsea for the final six months of last season Benitez led Chelsea to Europa League triumph a fortnight ago
Orbital Sciences , which built the Antares rocket that exploded in a massive fireball Tuesday , described the explosion as a "  catastrophic failure . " It certainly looked like it . Will this failure also be a setback for the burgeoning private space industry ? The unmanned rocket was carrying a Cygnus cargo spacecraft loaded with more than 5,000 pounds of equipment for the International Space Station , a floating laboratory that travels at 17,240 miles per hour . It blew up at NASA 's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia seconds after launch . Since NASA 's space shuttle program was canceled in 2011 , the private sector has ferried cargo to the station . Orbital Sciences is one of two private companies hired by NASA to run such missions , and the other is Elon Musk 's SpaceX . The botched mission was to be Orbital Sciences ' third of eight as part of a $ 1.9 billion contract with NASA . SpaceX is set to send its fifth mission to the station in December . What happened ? While the private sector is not new to such accidents , like the SpaceX test mission that exploded in August , the Antares blast marks the first such NASA-contracted accident since the agency turned to the private sector to ferry space station cargo . NASA-contracted space travel is highly coveted because of the value of the associated contracts , which are in the billions of dollars , leading to a new incarnation of the space race and what many refer to as the privatization of space . Teams investigate failure of unmanned rocket off Virginia The failed launch is an inferno for Orbital Sciences , and perhaps the public 's perception of the private sector 's ability to manage these complicated missions will be affected , but it is nothing more than a blip for the aerospace industry . As Musk said in a tweet after the August SpaceX explosion : "  rockets are tricky ... " Furthermore , NASA recently awarded contracts for manned missions to the station worth $ 6.8 billion to both SpaceX and Boeing , contracts that are not in jeopardy as a result of this explosion . And about that public perception of the private sector : NASA has always relied on the private industry to help accomplish its space exploration goals . Companies like Boeing and Lockheed have been contracted to design and build every vehicle that has carried astronauts since the start of the space program . In fact , Boeing was the main contractor for building the International Space Station . Opinion : Do n't overreact to rocket explosion So NASA has always relied on private industry , a need that is only increasing as the agency 's budget becomes stretched even further and it turns to private enterprise to take on one of the program 's crown jewels : manned space flights . And some say the lack of bureaucracy in the private sector will bring financial savings , speed of innovation and efficiency . While the broader industry will remain largely unaffected by Tuesday 's accident , no one wins when a rocket explodes . Tweets of condolences to Orbital Sciences from industry insiders flooded social media after the incident . They may be competitors , but they all understand just how complicated these missions are . No one wants to go down in flames . Opinion : Rockets blow up ; we move on	Orbital Sciences built the unmanned Antares rocket that exploded in a fireball Tuesday NASA has hired it and SpaceX to shuttle cargo to the International Space Station This is the first such accident since NASA turned to the private sector for the cargo missions But NASA has always relied on private industry , and the blast is n't likely to change that
CNN  -- Fresh sectarian clashes in Myanmar 's western state of Rakhine killed three people and left more than 400 houses , a monastery and a mosque burned to the ground , authorities said Tuesday . The clashes began Sunday night and spread to four townships , said state Attorney General Hla Thein . Rakhine is home to the Rohingya , an ethnic Muslim minority who say they have been persecuted by the Myanmar military during its decades of authoritarian rule . More on Myanmar : Leader holds landmark press briefing The unrest between the majority Buddhists and the Rohingya minority began five months ago and has tested the efforts of President Thein Sein 's administration to seek reconciliation with Myanmar 's different ethnic groups and move the country toward more democratic governance . Authorities have declared at state of emergency in two of the townships , with the state 's prime minister instructing that medical teams be accompanied by security personnel when they visit them . The situation in the region has been tense since May when police detained three Muslim men in relation to the rape and killing of a Buddhist woman . Two of the men were sentenced to death ; the third hanged himself while in detention . More on Myanmar : U.S. to ease Myanmar import ban News of the crime appears to have motivated several hundred people to attack a bus in Rakhine in early June , killing 10 Muslims who were on board . The violence then spread across the northern part of the state , resulting in the destruction of thousands of homes and the deaths of dozens , according to the government . The national government declared a state of emergency in Rakhine , bringing in the military to help restore order . Hundreds of Rohingyas tried to cross the border into neighboring Bangladesh , but were turned back . Bangladesh said it already has too many Rohingya refugees , estimating that about 300,000 live in the country . More on Myanmar : Aung San Suu Kyi and the power of unity	The unrest has tested the president 's efforts to seek ethnic reconciliation Authorities have instructed that security teams accompany medical personnel Rakhine has seen attacks and counterattacks between Muslims and Buddhists
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama called Nancy Reagan on Friday to apologize for a remark about seances he made during his first news conference earlier in the day . President-elect Barack Obama 's spokeswoman syas he apologized to Nancy Reagan for "  offhanded remark . " When a reporter asked Obama if he had spoken with any ex-presidents since his election on Tuesday , he responded that he had spoken to all former presidents "  that are living . " "  I did n't want to get into a Nancy Reagan thing about , you know , doing any seances , " he said . Nancy Reagan , wife of 40th President Ronald Reagan , was derided in 1988 when his former chief of staff Donald Regan revealed in a book that the first lady had consulted an astrologer to determine the president 's schedule . Obama apologized to Reagan "  for the careless and offhanded remark , " Obama transition team spokeswoman Stephanie Cutter said . Watch Obama make the seance remark " "  The president-elect expressed his admiration and affection for Mrs. Reagan that so many Americans share and they had a warm conversation , " Cutter said . President Reagan died in 2004 at 93 . Other first ladies have reportedly used spiritual advisers . In his 1996 book , "  The Choice , " Washington Post editor and writer Bob Woodward said that as first lady , Sen. Hillary Clinton had seance-like sessions at the White House during which she conversed with late first lady Eleanor Roosevelt . At the time , the White House said the sessions were not seances . Abraham Lincoln 's wife , Mary Todd Lincoln , was rumored to have held seances at the White House in order to contact her two dead sons , Eddie and Willie . She also reportedly went to seances under an assumed name after the president 's death to attempt to contact him . Immediately after the seance remark , Obama said he had "  re-read some of Lincoln 's writings , who 's always an extraordinary inspiration " and mentioned that former Presidents Jimmy Carter and George H.W. Bush and current President George W. Bush "  have all been very gracious and offered to provide any help that they can in this transition process . "	Obama makes remark when reporter asks if he 's spoken to any ex-presidents "  I did n't want to get into a Nancy Reagan thing ... doing any seances , " he says . Reagan was derided for consulting astrologer over husband 's schedule First ladies Hillary Clinton , Mary Todd Lincoln reportedly used spiritual advisers
In a church in Irbil , 40-day-old Yeshua lies asleep in a crib , his sister playfully rocking him . It 's a peaceful scene . Their mother watches over them , but her face shows the fear and despair many Iraqi minorities have felt over the past few days . The Sunni militant group ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , has steamrolled into Iraq 's north , forcing hundreds of thousands of minorities from their homes . The militants have beheaded some who wo n't bend to their will and are "  putting people 's heads on spikes " to terrorize others , a senior U.S. administration official said . Nearly 40,000 Yazidis are trapped on the top of Mount Sinjar with few resources ; many with just the clothes on their back , U.S. President Barack Obama said in an address late Thursday evening . "  These innocent families are faced with a horrible choice , " Obama said . "  Descend the mountain and be slaughtered , or stay and slowly die of thirst and hunger . " So who are these people being threatened by the Islamic State ? And why do the militant Islamists have them in their cross hairs ? The Yazidis The Yazidis are one of the world 's smallest and oldest monotheistic religious minorities . Their religion is considered a pre-Islamic sect that draws from Christianity , Judaism and the ancient monotheistic religion of Zoroastrianism . Yazidis worship one God and honor seven angels . Unlike Muslims and Christians , they reject the idea of sin , the devil and hell itself . Many Muslims regard them as devil-worshippers because the Yazidis revere an angel who , their tradition holds , refused to obey God . Their religious differences have made them a target for persecution throughout history , most recently during the U.S. war in Iraq -- in 2007 , more than 700 people were killed when suicide bombers attacked a Yazidi village . Before that , they were targeted for centuries under the rule of the Ottoman Empire . Iraq 's Yazidis trapped , hiding from ISIS in the mountains President Obama and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry have said that if the Yazidis are not protected , their slaughter could quickly escalate to a genocide . To help the trapped people , the U.S. has sent them humanitarian airdrops . Obama has authorized airstrikes against the Islamic State fighters who are threatening the Yazidis there . Opinion : What chance to Yazidis have against group too brutal for al Qaeda ? The U.S. State Department 's 2013 International Religious Freedom Report estimates that approximately 500,000 Yazidis live in the northern Iraq , accounting for less than 1 % of the country 's population . Another 200,000 live in other parts of the world , according to the website YezidiTruth.org . Like the Kurds , they mostly reside in Iraq 's north , many in the town of Sinjar in northwestern Nineveh province , bordering Iraq 's Kurdish region . The province is home to mostly Arabs and Kurds , who have jostled for control over it for centuries . Iraqi Yazidi lawmaker : ` Hundreds of my people are being slaughtered ' But Yazidis also reside in Turkey , Syria , Armenia , Iran and parts of the Caucasus region . The people speak Kurdish and are of Kurdish descent , but most see themselves as ethnically distinctive . Iraqi Christians Before being targeted by ISIS , an enormous portion -- some say as many as half -- of Iraq 's Christians fled the country at the start of the U.S. war in 2003 . Al Qaeda in Iraq , which preceded ISIS , brutally targeted the country 's Christian minority . According to the State Department , Christian leaders and nongovernmental organizations estimate that there are approximately 500,000 Christians in Iraq -- a that figure has declined by nearly 300,000 in the last five years . At one point there were over a million Christians living in Iraq . 7 terrible countries for Christians Most Iraqi Christians are Chaldeans , who are communicants with the Roman Catholic church . They predominantly reside in northern Iraq . The al Qaeda splinter group has taken control of the country 's largest Christian city , Qaraqosh . And last month , Christians in the country 's second largest city , Mosul , were told they must convert to Islam , pay a fine or face "  death by the sword . " "  Christian communities are particularly affected : a people fleeing from their villages because of the violence that rages in these days , wreaking havoc on the entire region , " said the Rev. Federico Lombardi , a spokesman for Pope Francis . The Pope said on Twitter : "  I ask all men and women of goodwill to join me in praying for Iraqi Christians and all vulnerable populations . " ISIS overtakes Iraq 's largest Christian city Turkmen The majority of the world 's Turkmen , a Turkic-speaking , traditionally nomadic people , live in Turkmenistan and elsewhere in Central Asia . But a small minority of them can be found in the Middle East , primarily in northern Iraq , Iran and Turkey . The city of Tal Afar , whose population is mostly made up of Turkmen , was caught in the crossfire of sectarian violence between Shiites and Sunnis during the recent Iraq war -- a suicide attack killed 150 people in 2007 . The city 's population dwindled from about 200,000 to 80,000 in just a few years . Sunni Turkmen make up 1 % to 2 % of Iraq 's population , according to the State Department . A smaller group of Shia Turkmen live there , as well . Shiites Despite the risk ISIS poses to Yazidis , Turkmen , Christians and the country 's other minorities , the risk to Iraq 's majority Shia Muslims is far more widespread . In their quest to create an Islamic caliphate stretching from Syria to Iraq , ISIS has targeted Shiites in both countries . In June , the group claimed on Twitter that it killed at least 1,700 Shiites in June . ISIS is also fighting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces in Syria . Assad is a member of the Alawite sect , on offshoot of Shia Islam . Like many of the minorities in in the Nineveh province , Shiites and Alawites have been labeled as infidels by ISIS . Shiites outnumber Sunnis in Iraq on the whole . Most of Baghdad is predominantly Shiite , but large portions of Iraq 's western and northern territories contain Sunni majority populations . Maps : Where is ISIS ? Will anyone stop ISIS ? Opinion : Stop ISIS from committing genocide	Nearly 40,000 Yazidis are trapped on the top of Mount Sinjar The Islamic State has forced hundreds of thousands of minorities from their homes The U.S. has sent them humanitarian airdrops and authorized air airstrikes
CNN  -- Federal authorities say they have arrested a fugitive in rural Florida who was on the lam for 30 years after faking a heart attack to escape from prison . A handwritten document buried in a file led cold case investigators to Ian Jackson MacDonald , 71 , the U.S. Marshals Service said in a statement . They arrested him Tuesday in Homosassa , Florida . "  I was told that he just let out a big sigh and said , ` Yeah , you 're right -- you got me , ' " U.S. Marshals senior Inspector Barry Golden told CNN affiliate CBC News . Authorities allege that MacDonald , who went by the nickname "  Big Mac , " faked a heart attack while he was in a federal prison in South Miami-Dade County in 1980 . He later escaped from a hospital , the U.S. Marshals said . MacDonald had been awaiting extradition on a Canadian warrant to face outstanding charges for allegedly smuggling 500 pounds of marijuana . After less than a day in the hospital , he persuaded a security guard to unshackle his legs so he could take a shower , the U.S. Marshals said in a statement . "  The security guard walked to the nurse 's station , and when he returned , MacDonald was gone , " the statement said . People in Pennsylvania and West Virginia knew MacDonald by a different name -- Jack Hunter , CNN affiliate WTOV reported . U.S. Marshals allege that MacDonald and his wife changed their names and moved to southwest Pennsylvania after he escaped from custody . He owned a store in nearby West Virginia , "  19th Hole Used Appliances , " WTOV said . "  It 's really surprising that someone can live in your neighborhood for that long undetected , " resident Jim Lyle told WTOV . Investigators in Pennsylvania learned that MacDonald and his wife were living in a Florida mobile home they had purchased in 2009 . Authorities there arrested him outside the home Tuesday . "  I have been looking over my shoulder all these years . I wondered when this day would come , " MacDonald reportedly told investigators , the U.S. Marshals said . According to the U.S. Marshals , Canadian authorities said their arrest warrant for importation of marijuana was still active , and MacDonald could still face charges in Canada .	Inspector : "  He just let out a big sigh and said , ` Yeah , you 're right -- you got me ' " U.S. Marshals allege that Ian Jackson MacDonald faked a heart attack to escape A 1980 Canadian arrest warrant charges him with smuggling marijuana U.S. Marshals say the 71-year-old changed his name and hid for 30 years
